Noka, Edges, Ed Papen, and his toy deck, Focushead Looping. You dummy! You stock radio's 610 WIOD presents the Neal Roger Show, to talk with Neal dial 751 WIOD from day In Broward 524 WIOD outside the 305 area code toll-free 1-800-944 WIOD And those self mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD. But now, the Neal Roger Show, you stock radio's 610 WIOD. You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. I've just talked to her, which likes to start the discussion period. Well, I'm out of ammunition on this. Let me call for you, okay? It's on the time of the year, and it lives a passing day back. Sometimes I'll be the people who know how to smile. But when I listen to the old show, you make it look like a shark. And when I listen to the old show, you're out of the ring. Pick that big baby, pick a weed out here, whatever heels. 1006 WIOD WSUN WWCN happy new year from all your piezons man. We are doing it on a great Wednesday. If you thought Monday was a little weak, if you thought yesterday was terminal, just wait till the day. You can tell. I mean, they are out there and they are shopping. The economy is booming. You business people must be making millions. Send a bag of money over here, okay? Just send us a big bag of money. Because they are out there in a frenzy. This is great. This is dynamite, huh? Outstanding at its wild. By the way, our Camilla South's total speaking to send in the money is 92,069 bucks. And a male has to even come in yet today. So it'll be over 93 for sure when we open up the first couple of envelopes. And if you'd like to help us out, you'd like to help the Camilla South and a homeless and also pick up a really neat, best of Neal CD or cassette or T-shirt or best of Rick and Spud. I have to do is call that AT and T Camilla South's hotline number. It's toll free from Santa Bel Island to Talahoochi. 1-800-852-006-185-206. 1-800-852-006. Just whip out your visa mask to card and don't forget fully taxed to Dr. Bulldo nations, of course. So if you wanted to deduct it from your 92 income taxes today and tomorrow, you're last two days to sneak it in there, okay? Like you're a couple of grand or $500 or $10 whatever you want to give. And we thank you in advance. Mark Clayton is doing it again, open it up a big, big mouth. I mean, Lisa Olson is in Australia. Did you read Dave Heidz column in the Asuncettless morning? Probably not if you're in Tampa or Fort Myers, but tough, but Anis. I mean, she's in Australia someplace. She's down under. Can we say that? At least Olson's down under. And she's probably peaking too. But he keeps opening up a big mouth and just goes on and on and where it stops. Nobody knows but we can only. And then Tom Jick has got a big big column today. Did you see that? In the Suncettinal Arts and Entertainment, Stan Major is back almost non-stop. How do you like that? Almost non-stop. Like about 600 hours a day. Only he's live, not on tape. We're going to be on S.U.N. So he's going to be doing three to six and a half to two in the N.W.M. As Suncels at Radio Mumblin. And overnight from 11 to three, that sounds like four and three is seven hours a day. God, even if the rates they got to be paying. That means in about two, three years he ought to be able to pay me back that money. Shouldn't he? How come it is that guys who do that late night show starting 11 o'clock and night seem to owe a lot of people money. Is there some reason for that? Maybe it just kind of runs with the territory. So nice going, Stan. WMVM, one of America's real Mumblin stations. Big thing here by Tom Jicka. A lot of rumors in a business by the way. But you don't want to hear that crap. Too much inside stuff. Nobody cares about the business. Nobody cares about rumors. Nobody cares about anything. And by the way, Boygiri says Paul Castro Nova blows. So he's not going to be doing anything on his station. That's what he just said. He said he sucks. Now speaking of our commos house stuff, this Thursday night. Wanna remind you we got a big, we got big doons coming up man. The big orange New Year's Eve celebration this Thursday night. We'll have a booth next to the 610 Wild stage at the winter Wonderland area and Bayfront Park at the South end of the park. May PM the midnight. A rainy's going to be doing a show there that night. Rick and Sputter coming back after doing their show there. And they have to come back there again. Again. And do it like 11 to 12 30 to help ring in the New Year and help all the drunks out. But anyway, all commos house items will be available for purchase at our booth. Right next to the impressive 610 Wild stage. Visa and MasterCuddle be accepted. All the goodies will be there. So there'd be good opportunity to pick up some crap. Okay. And it'll sound real good on New Year's Eve because you'll be so plasted that you won't know any better. Look at all these calls here, man. Tamarack. Hello. Tamarack with a phone up. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Turn that radio down. Okay. I'll get on those phone there. I get on the phone. Spin it around a couple of times and turn that radio. There we go. Sorry about that. That's okay. Don't panic. Hey, I just wanted to call and say I'm going to be leaving soon on the guy from Hershey. Oh really? Yeah. You're heading back on up the Hershey highway, huh? Yeah. Well, I'll be damned. I just want to say you have a great show. Yes, I do. And yesterday I went down to a sawgrass mall. Oh, yeah. And how was it? Oh, so it's crowded. It's a shot. Yeah, very crowded. What? But the best thing was I found an amazing. I couldn't even find me a pair of jeans in the whole entire mall. Why not? I don't know. I looked in every single store. Because you know the answer to life is in your jeans. You do know that, don't you? Yeah, I do. Yeah. I just want to wish you a happy new year. And the same to you. You sound a little bit depressed about leaving. I can't be because it's 80 below zero up there, can it? Well, we looked on the weather report. Doesn't look too good. Yeah, when I can't get frozen, it's not too palatable anymore. Yeah, I just want to make time make a request. Sure. I want you to play everything disgusting, rude, and ignorant. So I can hear one more. This could be the greatest call in the history of the human race. Even Alexander Graham Schwartz is excited about it. Have a great trip back at a great life. And we'll see you maybe next year. Yeah, can I call somebody to do something? Sure. Get it out of your system. I'm sorry, people are hatein' Hershey. You chicken neck, dog, smellin', crap, lickin' douchebags. And I'll see ya. Well, so what's wrong with that? You come out on the scene, make me go see you. Twelve minutes after 10 on the famous, exciting, thrilling, vibrating IOD network. Here's Chuck Meier. Joey Reynolds, Tom Hopkins, Jim Mandage. Schwartz, where are you in the roads? Each weekend, right here. Come on, you are your team. Tastard me. I'm a little island full of gay romance. They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pantboards for fun. Drenched up to bottom every day. Blessed with the miracle of being gay. The very best of pilots in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way. The very best of pilots in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big pleasure. And a big, big way. Just a team. Join the big, wish to Chesterfield Queen. You choice of the Fags of America. You're the summer and fire. It's just a new life. You're beautiful. I'm the fire of my own. Ten-16 in WIOD, Bob Green's in the building day. How do you like that? A little slow today. Well, hey, I'm sorry. I'll come to old reach your way to hell over there for those buttons. We may be getting that new triple-deck car machine. One of these days soon, if Mitch Ween ever stops being such a jerk. Should we do the whole show on Mitch Ween today? God. Just, we're not at it. We don't care how this studio looks. Okay? I mean, a head huncho is coming in here Tuesday for ten minutes. And they're looking here. We'll have it all cleaned up. And it'll be really beautiful. And spikken span. Okay, and say that. George gets hysterical when we say spikken span. I mean, if it was good enough for Rosemary DeCam. Now, if he was selling 20-month-old team, Barack Soi, I think, Rosemary DeCam. And Ronald Reagan was selling Barack Soi. But anyway, the point is, we don't, this isn't, this is radio. We don't care about how it looks in here. I mean, yes, it's nice to have it looking reasonable. So, in case anybody important ever comes in, which really happens. It looks really spiffy and neat and exciting. And when they bring all those broadcasting school students in the control room, and they look through the window in here, it looks really impressive. Oh, isn't that neat, isn't that cool? You know, right. We'd like to have some crap in here that works. So, on the year, it sounds like we have our act together. We don't have to like reach on the floor. Right. Every time we do something like that, the audience could only see that we have to like crawl on the floor and reach around. And it's like milking a cow. Every time you go to play another damn carton here. Oh, man, that one was good. Here's a deer field. Hi, Neil. How you doing, sir? Happy New Year. And the same to you. I'm kind of behind the time. You're trying to be behind? Behind the time. Yeah. I just saw the Madonna book for the first time yesterday. Now, did the was the thing falling off of it? Well, I don't know, but there's a guy in there that looks a lot like Mark Clayton. Yeah. Except he's got something in his hand so it can't be him. No, nothing that big. Have you seen that? No. I have the book because Randy Rhodes of all people bought me a copy of Greatx Personal Expense and the cover falls off of it and you can't put it back on that binder because it's a piece of crap for 50 bucks. And I just leave through that thing and I just keep asking myself, why would anybody unless the most desperate? I mean, I mean, so desperate they might like rub up against a tree. Why would they buy that piece of crap? Especially for 50 bucks. Well, trees are hard to find. That is true. Trees are hard. To find. Yes. I think she's in there somewhere, isn't she? She's in where in the tree. Look. Who? Randy. Randy is in the book. Yes. In fact, she's, uh, it's, uh, make them as a shock to you. But the person you think looks like Mark Clayton holding that thing that's Randy. Oh, wow. Yeah. The shaved head. The shaved head. That's Randy. Okay. And I'm going to see. He goes out to those, uh, dolphin things. Yeah. And tailgate party. She puts on makeup. It takes her like a day to put on that appearance. And then she like comes in here. She looks just like that picture. And then there's some naked girl walking down the street somewhere hitchhiking. Right. And glad I wasn't on the street that day. Uh, it was kind of a scary picture because it was Madonna. Oh, that was she literally. That's exactly what she's saying. And what the smell's bad. In fact, it was in a Roma all the way across the MacArthur Causeway that day. Well, listen, have a real happy here and don't, uh, look at that thing too close. What the, oh, okay. The book either. Okay. We have an open line in date. 75 one one and brown. Five two four one on our, uh, estero line. And we're reconcised yesterday doing something that was kind of interesting and killed some good time. Uh, well, wasn't really that interesting. They were like doing what we do once in a while. That is like picked different cities. Now what happened to the map I had in here. I see a whole bunch of stuff I hadn't here like just disappeared. What happened to the Florida map? You know, this place is unbelievable. Why the hell would anybody steal a road map of Florida? Or road map of anywhere for that matter? Where the hell did that go? Somebody's been like cleaning house. I think they took one of the Bob Green's memos a little bit too seriously. And I mean, the guys from Atlanta are not going to be looking inside the file cabinet Roger. I mean, I don't think we had to go through here and throw all my crap out. Where the hell's my goddamn road map? And so they were picking like some really exciting places like, uh, Newport Richie, which I didn't think was too original because, uh, there was like risking that bill might call in to thank God, or with somebody else. We actually had a call from a mobile in a mockery yesterday. I knew we had made it big time when we got a call from a mobile in a mockery. I spoke to Tom Velvita this morning by the way for our big, our growing, Tampa St. Pete Clearwater, a loot audience. And he's just happier than the picking slot. I mean, this man is just ecstatic. Now why are you putting him on the ear? And why are you calling? Why are you calling us today again? Clyde. What is it? He's not there. Clyde. Clyde. Did you what happened to him? Did he expire? We can only hope so. Was he on there? Clyde from Cape Coral was on there? Don't ever call us again. And don't tie up our goddamn lines. We hate you like poison. You're chronic. You're rolled in your demented. And you smell bad. Huh? What? Tell that to him to call him. You know, you're, you are just out of control in there. I'm trying to do a radio show here. And all you care about is food. And I feel great. I want to thank Ron Font and the Terry from the Unicorn again. The champion juicer. You want to go out and get a juicer. You go to a health food store by the champion. Don't muck you around with these pieces of plastic with this plastic crap. That thing is so strong and it's got a motor. You could put like a tree in that thing. And wind up with juice. I mean, it is. I wouldn't stick my finger in there for too long though. And let's, you know, you want to lose one or two. Unless you want to make a little pita bread sandwich with a bird. You're the bird called Rick and said yesterday. Two by the way, we heard you're not fooling us, birdie. Boy, how are they time? Everybody's busy doing stuff. Not the bird. He's on there like twice in two days. He's on here. Boy, he sure misses us. You know, he misses this place. He liked to pretend that he doesn't miss all those free meals. Oh, speaking of free meals, George wants Adam to call in immediately. If you're in the truck, if you're in the van, if you're like in a anywhere, just pull off the road immediately. And call doesn't he have a cellular phone? He does. So why does he got a pull off the road to do that? He's in the van. Why is that? The van has a cellular. I don't think his Honda is civic does. Why not? What is he? Some kind of a schlepper. Don't have a cellular phone? Come on, Adam. You're a Jewish. Let's get with it, baby. Kind of a more on our you. He wants you to call a bat line immediately because he wants you to be a flunky. He wants you to go over and pick up our salads at sunnys because the sunny's not there today and robies all alone as usual. And they're delighted to make us some nice lunch today, but there's nobody to bring it over here. Why can't we find somebody in the building? Now that Mitch Lewis has gone, we're really, oh, she's I knew we liked him for some reason. If we see the deal was, and oh, seriously, if we'd get him some free lunch, he'd go pick it up. He never anything else to do anyway. So he'd go pick it up. We're going to miss Mitch Lewis. You marked my words. I'm not taking any shots at anybody else in the building. But we're going to miss Mitch Lewis. Trust me. 1023 on the IOD network. Coming up tonight at eight following sports dogs. 610. It's the Randy Roadshow right here. Come on, you are your team. Squarge, Gork. Some days I feel myself. Oh, this is a big deal. I'm not going to get you. I'm not going to get you. I'm not going to get you. I'm not going to get you. I'm not going to get you. I'm not going to get you. Oh, this is the worst day of my life. Well, you seem kind of upset. Oh, it's you. Well, watch the trouble, honey. I broke up with Don a month ago. Started eating Tom. Now I'm pregnant. I don't even know who the father is. Well, I found to me like you could use a ball of hog cooking soup. Soup. Didn't you hear what I said? I'm pregnant. Soup is not going to help you. Well, when I knocked up your grandmother, the first thing I did was cook up a nice hot ball of hog. You're not going to get me knocked up my grandmother or not even related to the wild. I asked mom and dad, they don't even know who you are. Well, now are you anyway. Well, let's you eat. Oh, the door. Where are you? What was hanging around pushing that damn sew? Well, it's pretty good. Good. Shut up. You're honoring all four. What's the cut I can finish myself? Nothing keeps them coming back. Like the great taste of home cooking soup. That is a lunch a shot. 1027 a W.I.O.D. So Mona Lisa delivery is going to be bringing us our lunch today, huh? Little Alex. Are they going to let him in there? God, almighty. He, I'm not going to get started. Don't look a freebie in the mouth. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Let's do Hollywood. Hello. Happy New Year, sir. Right, Neil. Yes. I want to make this short. I said happy New Year. Is this the same sour post that called yesterday? No. That wants to ruin our holidays. It is. It's that same old disgusting part that called yesterday. Oh, no. That hates me like poison. Why are you listening to the show? Why are you listening again, sir? Neil, let's the first time I ever called you. Like I said, happy New Year. Likewise. Okay. Can I tell you my story? You sound like you're saying, well, it's worth it. You called yesterday. Short and sweet. That's what we like. That's me short and sweet. Every day in my first call. We got to the scene. You've been a fool. We picked up the scene. Get out of here. Call the light bulb. Okay. Go up and rock through Canes window or something. Get out of our face. See what I mean? Why did these old people insist? They're trying to turn this into geriatric radio. Call up FLA and Tampa man. They'll talk you for half an hour. Give him the number. Let him talk to Mark Larson. And be sure to use a lot of right wing lingo in there. Like Feminazi mentioned that several times. God Almighty, we don't want to talk to you. Sir, it's not that we don't like you. Maybe a hell of a guy all the way down it. You sound like a condo commander to me. So the juicer is great. I'm telling you, man. I feel so much better. I'm full of piss and vinegar. I am just got energy that hasn't been invented yet. What's wrong with that? They're done wrong with that. It's just an old saying. They were stating the pilgrim said that. As they sat down for the first, thanksgiving feast. They probably all said that. Boy, I got so much energy from meet that bird. I'm just full of a. Here's North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? So I'd like that old fart that wants to call and turn this into a. Ethica. I mean, it's the day before the last day of the year. Two days before the new year and everybody's happy and getting their party papers out. Happy New Year to you sir. You blew that guy off from where's that coral? Something that calls his name? Thank God. What is his name? Kelvin. Why? Why? I heard him. I thought I was going to fall into a coma. It took me an hour to get the show going again after we had him on there. And now you're going to keep them on us because I thought he was going to croak on the ear and I think this time he may have. You notice guys nothing there. He just blew off. I saw the thing was Steve Kenyass didn't do that. I missed that. Thank God. No wonder I'm in a good mood. But I came in this morning and I Roger clip the article out and they three pound rocket to pass into your side of radio talk show hostie, Keynes borrowed Toyota Corolla borrowed. What does that mean? Well, I got that aim. I'm sorry. Shattered the windshield and showered his three year old daughters, Carsey with glassplugs. Of course he wasn't in there. What's scary is we almost brought her along. He said she would have been blinded. Oh man. Yeah. And the reason she wasn't in there is probably because it happened in the parking lot next to the station. He just picked it up and put it in there and then, oh, let's call the press. Let's get some press on this. Listen, I got to call you and thank you. We went out and rented to see anytime you mentioned a movie. Next one. Torx song. I hope they're two things. Listen, listen to me. But two things in life that I have the best taste in the world. And one is movies and two is bodies. Okay. Male female and Roger. I mean, when I see something that looks hot, believe me when I tell you it's universal. And the same with movies, it's universal. Like Dracula, that was universal. These people would have a scene or a land, I don't think they know. They don't know what life is all about if they haven't at least got up and pated him on the arm and said, Hey, that's a nice jacket. Can that be felt? He's a good looking guy. He's not a good looking guy. He's a good guy. God like. And listen, this guy called you yesterday, state of grace. Look at who's on, readjust this morning. That's what's your name from not slanting. What is your name, George? The blonde. Oh, geez. What's your name? Who, Michelle Phillips, right? What she looks bad. This guy called him told you to rent state of grace. Don't waste your time. It sucks. Yeah. It sounded like a suit kind of a lie. But I'm going to tell you a movie that you're pooping. That you really should see it. It's got everything in it for everybody. A few good men. Basic instinct. It really is a good movie. Basic instinct. It's got Michael Douglas. I don't want to see Michael Douglas naked again. I can't see. He looks like Ron Girer. I mean, he's got too much hair. I don't want to see him naked. I don't want to see Harry ugly guys naked and rolling around and writing in and bed the whole movie. No, no, no. You won't see him rolling around. He doesn't make the movie. He doesn't make the movie. The movie's great. I don't know what you got for the three this weekend. Yes. And I had to watch Francis Ford, Copa, a daughter, and all these other people. Don't tell me that that wasn't a good movie. It was a great movie. Okay. So you got overlooking those. Yeah. It's like overlooking Dave Games body when he's blocking out the crime scene. I'm saying it's like Michael Douglas's ass. That's all. And just the movie's great. Okay. It's got something for everybody. Oh, I got to confess that the other one was really great. Fatal attraction. I was a great movie. And then you mentioned a shadow. I saw that a long time ago. I'm a barrenger. That was a good movie. But how come the voice was the same? Am I nitpicking now? No, yeah. I knew it. I figured that movie out of when he wrecked a car. I figured that movie. I didn't. I mean, when I pulled that body out from underneath that tank of mong and I shipped. Yeah, I know what. And it was his face. I know. It kind of shattered me for me. And I thought, what the hell is this all about? But I'm going to tell you. But I tell you who is the good actor in that movie. Though was the the animal guy. The the former private detective. That guy was funny. He was a good actor. You're like these against. You don't go running and then come back on and. And I don't care what birdie says over there in Lakeland. A kiss before dying with mat till and happens to be a pretty damn good movie. Yeah. Pretty good. A kiss before. And I hate mat till and he makes me nauseous. A kiss before dying. Right. Which is a remake of an old robber wagging movie. I'm told. But it's a very good flick. And listen, I want to thank you for one word. Wait a minute. It says, why does Gerardo Grant want women to take off their shoes? Oh, God. Can that be felt? Now go ahead. Thank you for getting rid of the bird. And hey, New Year. And have a great life. How do you see it? Is that how your pronounce it? Is it Harado? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Gerardo? Is that it? Well, I don't know how you you people. You people. I feel like Ross Perona. You people. I don't know how you people pronounce your name. It's like the mayor that heartless cruel obnoxious mayor. One day it's haveier and one day it's Xavier. What the hell is your name anyway? Besides heartless and cruel and indifferent and obnoxious. And so Bob Green tells me that, uh, haveier Xavier, Swara spent like a half hour on the phone with him sucking around and try to convince him that he'd be ecstatic to come on Neil's show any time that Neil wants. We don't have any guests on this show. Much less any heartless, cruel obnoxious political, uh, horrors like haveier Xavier, whatever his name is. It cares. Anyway, 1034 on the famous on the growing rapidly and their love in it, IOD network. Catch the latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center each hour, plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast. I am an ambassador. It was on Saturday morning and it exactly now four, but nothing could prepare me with a knock-on rally store. He was browsing, he was going to be an infinity to the shape. He was just about to put a candy into the macro wing. I asked him to use the bathroom in the city to care he was reading the sunset. He was on the window, he was on the way. I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be. And there was fixed a crucifix of face for all to see. I didn't see Exceletion. I had come to mold alone, but I found Jesus in red eyes. It's charred. Yes, brother, Reggie changed my life up on that vehicle. I was by the time I washed my hands, I'd washed my sins away. I learned to be intolerant on washed my robber's and all both from that you can't even be this run. I'll pretend to be an impster, but my liberal days are gone. Because I found Jesus in red eyes. It's charred. Kind of like my my. 1039, kind of an ethnic version of my my look out now. Open line of day 751 and the star line. If you got pelçoth mobility, Michelle Phillips looks like she's 100 years old. She looks like the mama's and the papa's. Oh, God, does she look old? But hey, she don't have to worry about it too much longer because we know not to go off and get a chance to see you. You can just go off and get a chance to see you. You can only milk a good thing so long that it runs dry. Here's a lady in Miami. Hi, me. Good. I'm really excited to call you because I too bought my champion to start unicorn village a few weeks ago. It was my well, I guess my honnacle resolution. Really? Yeah. And what I'm doing is in the morning, I stopped drinking coffee. And I've of course needed to pick me up. So I drink carrot juice in the morning and I put an apple in it. So it's really sweet. And I get so much energy from it. It's incredible. Really. Sounds like you're about to burst right through the phone. Me too. I've been waiting. So I'm getting energized. I have. I feel so much better in a week and a half. And I'm sure people think that it's a scam. I have no reason to say that because I had a crappy year as far as health. I mean ordinarily, I mean, I'm not that all on, you know, mediocre health. But I feel like I've just been born again if I can say that. Well, I know what you mean. I just went. I was so coffee withdrawral and it was really hard giving up coffee. And I needed that cup of coffee every single morning. Yeah. So I didn't know what to do for two weeks. I lagged. And then when I went to unicorn one day, they were making the carrot juice. And I was dragging. And that's about two o'clock thing to do. You were dragging it. Yeah. Drag and drugged out. So I had a little cup. And all the sudden I had energy. So I had more. And then I was flying. So I said, okay, let me try it. So now every morning I have it. So it's healthy. I get my vitamin A. Why do you apply to snare drum? I mean, you're just like an alarm clock. Right. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's more than coffee. It's almost too much. Right. Then I also friend of mine turned me on. And this is what I really wanted to tell you. I freeze my fruit. And I slice that. You freeze your fruit. I freeze my fruit. I just mango. And I slice it. You know, that's what they did. It doesn't even work as a matter of fact. They froze their fruit. I'm sorry, Walt. So I freeze. I freeze mango. I freeze strawberry. First I wash them. Then I cut them up. Put them in a baggie. Put in my freezer. I freeze the bananas. Wouldn't it be a great show at Miami. You're reading a Disney on ice? Frozen fruit? Yeah. Well, he's frozen. He's frozen. Don't you know that that Walt Disney is like frozen? Yeah. He did that cryogenics. Whatever they call that. He's like frozen so that when they have the big remedy in the 7,000 years. Wow. When you got the big buck sell, they freeze your ass. And then he'll come out one day. That's his ass right. He'll be walking. Yeah. His ass'll be walking around. Not the rest of him just his ass. And look how strange. But what is it? We've all the other frozen fruit. Right. There's a lot of it up there in Orlando. Yeah, I'm sure. That's why I'm not there. I guarantee there's a lot of frozen fruit in Orlando. Yeah. Good. Anyway, I'm glad you're doing well. I'm excited. Yeah. My frozen fruit in the champion juicer. Yeah. And you put a little thing. There's a little play to tell about it. Yeah. I don't think I want to put my little thing in the champion juicer. I'll tell you that. No. But put a little play on the bottom. Oh, God. That thing when you turn that switch on, you better be prepared for the world of Coatwood. That just. Oh, I don't get anything could ever happen to that machine. No. Like you said, you could put a tree in it. Well, I was just talking around in front of minute ago and he told me that you have to put a drop of oil on that point. Or you'd better because otherwise I didn't one day in the next sector hardly get it off. You have to oil it so that it comes off and slides. Otherwise, I had to get like a plier and a screwdriver and pull it off so it's good. Every time. Okay. Every time. That's a good lesson for everybody in the audience. Oil it every time. Have a great new year. Okay. Wait. Yes. I got 8,000 people waiting here and you're not going to try to produce recipes. No, that. No, that. It's delicious. I put all the fruit in front of like a fruit for a day with no sweet or no honey, nothing. Wait. Say goodbye. Have a good new year. Bye. I was right, George. Two upper lines. They're both in date 7519463. I think we've gotten ourselves into a real dilemma. Here's Tampa. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. First of all, the first time caller. Well, I appreciate that. I hope you have a great new year. And during the new year, what are the things you should resolve to do is get a new phone. Why? Sound too bad over the day. It sounds like you got a sock over it. Let sounds like you have two R dial socks all rolled up and rolled over the phone over your finger. What are you doing? You know what I'm talking to you over the back machine. But, uh, oh, is that it? Yeah. Because it sounds like you have a real muffled apparatus. All right. Well, next time I call, I won't use this phone. Please don't. Can I recommend a book to you to go on with your juicer? Yes. Call it for life. If you read that. I have that book. I used to have Harvey and Marilyn Diamond on my show all the time back in the days when I had boring guests on. Okay. Because I had the book. In fact, I got it out again a couple of weeks ago. It's what I got in this kick. Oh, yeah. Because I tell you what. I tried that at diet. After about two weeks once the kick ends. Yeah. Man, it was scary. How much weight you lose off of that? Really? Yeah. Yeah. Let me tell you. Of course you lose a lot of weight because you spend all your time on the throne all day. That's why you lose a lot of weight. There you go. Yeah. There you go. Right. Can I set a better myself? There you go. Well, let me. And go and go and never stop going. Let me say this. I was a long time FLA listener. Yes. And every now and then I get this urge of royalty to them. And I try to listen to them. But I can't. Pretty damn boring. It's pretty damn boring. I don't know. Larson's topic today is the best and worst of ninety ninety. Oh, that's a original. Let's have the year and review the best and the worst. The highlights, the low lights. Oh, God. That's a one thing about this time of the year. You know, the year has gone. Forget it already. It's in the past. Stop living in the past and let's move on. We're not bored. And that when the Super Bowl and the hell with everything else. Right. And I do all you a great big thanks because you did the program. I was I was brainwashed by Russia. I even bought his book. Yeah. So I do all that. That's why he does that did all crap because he's like the Hermon Gearing of radio here. He just wants to brainwash everybody. And whatever he says, Oh, did I do it all your so right. He's full of crap. He's obnoxious. He's dangerous. He's disgusting. And he's fat and gross. And have a happy New Year and get a new phone. Okay. Okay. Okay. We have an open line in the Broward five two four two and Day on herd of two open lines in date. Aerov New Year's Eve. And we have two open lines in date. I can't get over it. Seven five one and one in a sterile. And one in corkscrew. You know that we had a whole bunch of calls from people who got stranded in corkscrew yesterday. Not corkscrew. Come on. I guarantee it. What we'd like to do is have somebody drive out with a cellular phone into the swap land in corkscrew and call. Don't make it up. Don't like call from immocally and say you're in corkscrew. His will trace it. Call from the swamps of corkscrew. That would be a great the pay phone challenge for Marvin. Send his ass out there in a swamp. North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. What's happening here? I'm tremendous today. Hey Neil. Question. Yes. Think about those queueers. Still the airplane. Yeah. What's your opinion on that? We have all three lines open and date county seven five one nine four six three. He must be related to the old guy in Hollywood that called you know what? What's going on in date today? They haven't a little grab ass festival out in the streets today. A little of an or something. There's something going on that we don't know about. That never happens in date ever. I mean never happens in date. Maybe the guy over in Miami sure is at the phone office is partying with those lines today. He's got his finger in it. 1047 on the IOD network. Join us this afternoon. Be getting it to for those wild and crazy guys written suds. And it's six. It's sports dog six. Come on. You are your team. Hold on. Where do you think the o-way to me? I just do something wrong. Wait a second. Oh, this phone is all screwed up. Did I cough or only date call? Hello. You're still there? I'm still here. I tried like hell to cut you off there but I couldn't do it. Well, I'm still here, Neil. Great. I want to not try to convince you but just give you my opinion respectfully in regards to the tourists and the tourists industry here in South Florida. What is going on with you people today? Why are you also damn serious? Why are you also morbid? I felt great today. I actually saw little Bob Green today. I had a great chat. It was wonderful. And you're like all. I want to talk about the Cubans on the plane and about the depression and the recession and the Russians and the H bombs. What's going on here today? Well, I can't explain things for everybody else but why not? I'm doing the best. I can just try to understand and explain things for me. I understand what? Well, what's on our stand, pal? Just forget about understanding. See, you're getting into one of these pseudo intellectual modes. You can't understand because the world is a madhouse man. Forget about understanding. Just go have a good time. Have a happy new year and that's it. Well, that's that. And don't inhale. I don't inhale. But we're in a community of talking about smoke. I'm talking about oxygen. Yeah. Well, we're in a community of what? We're in a community of intertwined relationships of people. We're so CO-etching out of people. Yeah. Intertwined human relationships. Excellent. You sound like Ed Till. I don't know who Ed Till. Let's talk about intertwined human relationships. And by the way, do you have a syntax? A syntax? Is that a stock? Come on, let's go. So what's the bottom line to all this rattle-rousing crapper yours? What is it? Okay. I believe that we're in a tourist town over here. Yeah. A tourist. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. But, but, and if we're the people because I am. We as a people. We as a people. Because I'm a person. In order to form a more more perfect onion. Crying onion. Yeah. I mean, I'm a bit like a cry from this call. I'll tell you that. What is it you want to say? Come on. We're going to tell our waitin' on these phones. They're having a busy day. It's New Year's time. What is it? If we would treat the truth better. Like what? Well, I know he... I'll send that back where they came from. Screw these free loaden assholes. Man, most of the people who come down here about your cheap skates anyway. They rent like a little tiny you go. And they go out there in a road six miles an hour in the left handling. And they go in a restaurant. They tip about one and a half percent. And they stink and they smell bad in their ugly. I don't remember. God. I understand that and I believe that. And I see that. People that live here. If the tourists that come down here are like young and hot looking and they put out want a good time and will leave big tips and restaurants and drive real yuppy type cars like how 325 I then we invite them to come back. Otherwise, stay home. I think I summed it up right there. Oh, geez. And I just screwed up big time. Don't tell me we're going to have another day of technical incompetence here. Today show is brought to you by Sica. Sica, how many of you guys are going? Oh yeah. And now back to our show. I don't think anybody's going over here. They're saying her name is Sica, not Sica. Sica this. Her name is not Sica. I mean, here's the guy who's doing a bit on rock comedy. You don't even know how to pronounce the name. We have two open lines in date. I told you this is going to be a bitch today. And who's that guy that keeps calling you on 10? And what happened to the guy who was calling from Alabama or wherever that was? Did you, uh, is that the guy? Or Mississippi? That same guy again called before. That's one I picked up. Sir, let me say it again. We love you. We hope you have a great new year and a great life. W-I-O-D. Crankline. Uh, yeah. Who's this guy? Which guy? George, is this the guy? No, this is not the guy. Were you calling us from sir? Uh, Boca return. Boca, well, that's not very exciting. Who's this, Neil? Yeah. I mean, when we pick up these green lines, we expect to hear like L. Joe Bean and Riverview and Riverside and, uh, Estero Island and, you know, exciting places. Well, what can I tell you? Not much, but you can help it that you're in Boca. It's not your fault. This is true. Anyway, Neil, on first time, call her. Great. And happy new year to you, sir. Yeah, thanks to you. I wanted to let you know that the other day I was, uh, taking a run down the beach and I was wearing some headphones that was listening to you. Yeah. And I was just laughing because you make me laugh. Oh, that's you. And people must have thought I was not. What are you, what? Because, uh, here I have this big smile and I'm laughing around down the beach. Yeah. And, uh, basically this one gives you a compliment. Great show. Well, how old are you, man? That's the idea. Have a great new year and you're okay in our book. Back at and screw those people. You're a great life. See, that's the idea. We're here to have a good time. We're not here to solve the problems of the world. We have to like, I guess since it's the 30th of December, it's almost the end of the year. We got to like a whole lot of new listeners, like seven or eight of min four miles and three or four of them in Tampa, St. Pete. Uh, we ought to explain that. This show is that radio talk shows do not solve problems. They do not change the world. They do not change human nature. They are not going to change a safe mankind from itself. They're not going to make the world a better place. They're not going to save us from being a goddamn slaughterhouse. They're going to prevent all the intolerance. In fact, many of the shows promoted. I don't want to mention. Large ass again. It's just that it is just there. They're just there. They're just part of the money making apparatus. If I can say that word called broadcasting. That's right. They're just a vehicle through which we can suck you in to come on a year and talk and buy our stuff and to help us make some money and how give you a couple of laughs. That's what I'm here for. And we're not going to let it. I'm not going to permit a bunch of old crusty, uh, farts while we're in underwear with three layers across the net. We're not going to let you call it here and destroy our good time. We want to have a good time. Even if we're having a bad time, we're having a good time. And because we're having a W-W-I-O-D, we're usually having, oh, it's speaking of Molo. Moo-E-Molo. That should be the name of that show. Moo-E-Molo. Uh, I turned on how 105 are new sister station this morning. Oh, I love Stephanie Bromfield. We love your Stephanie. Don't take it personally. My my, but uh, that Molo, God, he is just and uh, Rumer has it that that show is going to be a history pretty soon. That I just made that up myself. I don't know if that's true or not. I don't want to get anybody insecure over there. So he was talking about the, uh, thing they're doing, the campaign about bringing your gun to the police. And we'll give you a certificate and we'd be deemed a W-I-O-D and all this other crap. And he goes into this thing about, when I, when you take it into police station, make sure all you're presented in the right way, because they may not be exactly sure, you're what you're up to. In other words, don't take your 45 and like wave it around and stick it in the cop on the desk space, like maybe you might be threatening. Okay. Like you might get a real back at your response. Edible, Molo, you're on top of it, baby. See you on the unemployment line, because we're going to be there pretty soon. But that Bob Greenman, he is just, uh, something. He is a little firebrand. He hopped up and down on that desk in there today and jumped around like a little cartwheel and said, Happy New Year. Look like a ruffle stills getting in heat. Here's a mobile and clear water. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy New Year, pal. Happy New Year, too, too. Thank you so much. I can get some y'all. We're talking about yesterday, but they're eating. They're eating in there. Yeah? I can't spend there, but if you're ever going to a black-hawk game, no, I have not. Oh, I've tried to leave that place tonight. I've been in the old Olympia, though, and Detroit, not telling you to try to leave that place in the day time, is not a pleasant proposition, which is why they moved out of there. Yeah, I don't blame this. Yeah. But if you're a real fan man, you'll put up with getting shot a couple of times and mugged and raped and stuff. I mean, that's just the part of the evolving. Yeah, got to do it. You got to do. That's right. I have a good one. And you, too, Bob. Bye-bye. There's a guy, a mobile guy, and clear water. How do you like that? Well, I tell you one thing. If I was an opi, I'd be doing a Green Apple Quickstep all over my, BVD's right now. Have you seen speaking of underwear? Have you seen those spots for fruit of the loom? I mean, it's like, oh, oh, she's a wish I could remember how that. There's like a music. There's a theme that goes, it's like, good things for your life, and it's the guy, the one of the, there's a series of them, of course. They're all very, very homie, Hamish. And the guy, he's, here's the father in the underwear, and his fruit of the loom t-shirt and underwear, BVD's. What would you call him? Briefs. Oh, sorry. News and briefs. He's walking down to all, with his little boy, and he's also got his little baggy, and the little boy's going into the bat room, and he said, oh, you're going to do it yourself this time? And so the father stands outside, and he's very, there are problems, the kids 15. So we're not sure what he was doing in there to be honest with you. We have an open line on the Sterline at Star IOD, poppin'o, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, man. I just got back from New England. I missed you. Yeah. I was up there for two weeks, Ian. And to the game? How was it? It was fine until eight minutes left in the, or as quarter when they arrested me. For what? There for, uh, cheer and for the dolphins. He alright. I was, I swear to you, I stand it on my seat, swing him a towel, yell and defense, and they hold you away for being disorderly. Yeah. They threw me into Patty Wagon. Really? Hold culture, that everyone in it was the dolphin face. Great. That's why they only have 20,000 for a game. Right. Because the rest are moral and jail. Well, I'd listen. I don't do it again, and I'm sure he won't. This is South Florida's news traffic. I'm not the father. He was talking for you. I was a dumb guy. I was a real guy. Very funny. For what? Yeah. But not long, I think. How do you always care about the pie? Sorry, Henry, it was an accident. I'll never do it again. It was just an accident. Henry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You talk radio's 610. WIOD. Get out of the locker room. You'll Roger show. To talk with Neil dial 751, WIOD from date. I'm lowered 524 WIOD. Outside the 305 area code, toll free, 1-800-944-WIOD. And, both South mobility customers, make it a free call. My dialects are IOD. Now, the Neil Roger show on you talk radio's 610. WIOD. My butt is very, very sore. Neil's got it. If you listen to the new IOD, let's show the date time, our better. You never know it's my no way that they are from home, we. That's part, so you know, we're the other. It's always ankle-burned, sunny version, Josie, Gagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagagag Hahaha i'm not the guy you're looking at for that ugly ass madman! L pandemia even though I lost you when you wake up. And I knew it was lost. Now, knowing other lessons to that other crowd, it's the talent that keeps the place running. But what's the end of that soul that's gonna die? The talent is losing hours, and buddy, your face will end up dying. Oh, it out. Nice, a lot, Alex. Mona Lisa's delivery went over to studies and got our great salads today. This is beautiful. This is perfect. This is like I look forward to this now. And Chuck Meyer, by the way, Fat Chuck this morning was saying that the morning line is in 18 and a half days. The over is an under is I'm gonna be off of this kick. No way, Chuck. I love it. And the food too. I was just sticking by the way during that thing. Mitch Lewis may be gone, but there are at least two things that left behind that will always have like... Oh, that's one of them and then the other one is... See, not a widely known fact. No seriously, but that is Mitch Lewis on that cart. That's a Mitch Lewis fart on the cart. Anyway, it's 11 o'clock, so we'll always have that to remember. One open line in Broward, in fact, just the aroma. Trying to make some abilities in the room. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, and a star line for Bellsoth mobility people are out there. The morning I'm coming to work and I look around and I noticed it's like everybody had the phone to their ear ear this morning. What is that all about? Everybody was on the phone this morning. I don't have no idea who they were calling. Maybe the supply came in. Or speaking of the supply came in tonight's a big night at Paparot Park, right Rich? Last night I would have made millions of dollars. God, it looked those results. You see those results and you know you would have had all those gigantic payoffs and Kevin Wallace continues going crazy over there in John Philopeli and everybody in Augusta. Wasn't there tonight's a big night though? Bradenton. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey Neil, have you heard the new promo from a... WSUN? About what? About a 1970 WSLA? No. Neil, it's hilarious. Saying what? Okay, first start off it goes on every day. 620 WSUN news rate you approved that that now it's 70 WSLA sucks. And then they got a thing of you. You know, badmouth the WSLA. Not me. Yes you. I would never do that. Oh come on Neil. I love WSUN. I have a little vinyl blow up dollar for house. Neil, you told the wait was. Yeah. Neil, it was still hilarious. Why is that? Do I know? It was good. It was excellent. Yeah. Well it's about time. Happy New Year. I have a great day pal. Alright, see ya. Boy was he... Where did he have that oxygen thing pump at huh? Well, will you have fell lace? Sucks! Oh! Boy, almost die from the back draft. We have an open line in Broward 524 man. This is good. There's like a little macaroni salad and some a spiral pasta here and a little bit of fruit. And some other little tortellinis. Nice job, Robby. How come it's always so much better when sunny's out of town? Homestead. Homestead? Oh yes sir. Oh is this homestead? Yes sir. That's what I thought. Yes sir. Happy New Year. I understand you. I'd like to ask if I could take a little opportunity to thank the group of people that were here yesterday. By all means. Okay, sir. I'd like to thank my friend, especially. What kind of stuff to come down here to homestead and put on a free performance for the people of homestead? Outstanding. I'm serious. They were fantastic. Great. Thank you very much for the time. How you doing? I'm doing fine. Well that's good. And how great New Year it's got to be better right? Oh yes sir. There's y'all. You've got like, you like the only thing you've got to take the good with the bat. That's right. Good luck on your diet. Okay, thanks a lot. You're welcome. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. I'm going to be here tonight. Oh, yeah. Oh, your history, Alex has gone. That Mona Lisa look is out for 93 guaranteed. Maybe if you get your hair. You know, if he gets hair cut short, he'd be not too bad. Huh? Now, but that knows would protrude, I guess. Is that what that all I hear is about to cover up that gigantic? Are you sure he's not Jewish? Maybe we'll check during the break. It's 11 after 11 on the IOD network. Don't miss the weekend magazine. He treats the latest news information, trends, and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning. Right here. Come on, you are your team. Love your show, Neil. Love you. Love you. And we love you too, Jim. Butch up for the New Year, baby. 11 15. Don't forget Randy tonight. No ball game. Yeah. No ball game tonight. We get Randy unencumbered by any meaningless useless bunch of shot. Let's do a mobile in Alabama. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Oh, pretty good. We're going to the sugar bowl. Hey, I know you're really give us. I don't give a line. That's right. But we're headed to Mobile. And I was in a Florida couple of weeks ago. I was a guy that got out of your memory. But I was a guy that called you about the drop kick. Oh, yeah. You remember about that? That was a hell of a call, man. Yeah, I actually heard they actually tried one about a week after that. He was somebody tried one. They tried dropping it. Yeah. In fact, our Y receiver has been trying that all season long and it's been very effective for us. They've been dropping almost everything. Well, I'm last time I called Miami was doing terrible. Exactly. Mark Clayton said he's going to be dropping it to in the shower next time. Lisa Olson comes in. Well, I mean, they didn't win the division. I don't keep up much of approach. They won the division. Sir, we are number one. We are the champions. We are the best. We kicked some ass. Mostly our own. And all we need now is to luck our to fake our way through three more games. And we will be the champions, which is got to be one of the great jokes that you can't really do. We will take it. We will. That is amazing. Well, I hope they have more class than the Miami heard. Have you heard about what they've been doing down in New Orleans? No. Oh, that's terrible. You know, Bob Marley's son plays for Miami? Yeah. He's just terrible. They ran it. They walked up to some Miami players. I mean, Alabama players down in New Orleans and started talking for action. Saying all this stuff. They even quoted him in the paper saying we're going to kick their butts. Yeah. If they don't like it, they can go to hell. Right. That's the horror Kingsman. Oh, well. But oh, we beat him. I'm a child for him myself. Yeah. Now we're talking. Go tied. Go tied. Maybe the horror Kings will wash out with the tide. Yeah. Can I just tell you one thing? Sure. No chance. You don't think so. Miami is going as much as I despise everything about the University of Miami Sports Program, except the baseball. They are going to just mop up the end of golf, I guess. mop up the stadium over there with the Alabama. I hate to tell you that, but believe me, it's going to happen. Well, so be prepared for it. Okay. Well, at least we'll have a good time anyway. Damn right. Have a great time, pal. I just want to call Mike Hernandez a flaming disrespect. Okay. See ya. Bye bye. Boy, little roudie in the car there, huh? Sounds like there's a little grab ass going out in the front seat in the back seat. And underneath. We have an open line in this sterile. See, it's just amazing to me after looking at that map yesterday. I think that's why they took it out. I realized that they got that big signal on 770, but there's no population there. It would be like taking W abc or kmox. One of those 50,000 watt used to be clear channel station and putting it in the north to coda. In minet. And it just, it wouldn't mean too much. I mean, you'd cover like a giant territory and you'd be talking like mostly the animals to barnyard animals like we do all the time. Palm Beach on the Sterline. Hey Neil. Yes sir. First I'd like to say Mitch Lewis's God and boy Gary sucks. Oh, that's number one. Yes. Number two, I'd just like to make a comment about that. Well, let me just clarify one thing. Yeah. The Mitch Lewis episode was basically more of his choosing because he don't want to do production anymore. He wants to be a radio personality. Mitch believes he does. He wants to either do like an A.O.R. Morning show or do a talk show which he's diluted if he believes that's his calling. Yeah. Show. Huh? What that show we had. Right. Exactly. Anyway, I just want to make it head till combat. Yes. Boy, you really are full of it today. Unbelievable. But in Chicago, if you don't want to joke, until it's in Chicago. Was he got canned? Even boy Gary, I put it right to his ugly post this morning. I said, did he get canned in Chicago or what? And he said, not only did he get canned, but they replaced him with Jonathan Brandmire tapes on the loop. Tapes. He got replaced by a tape. Jonathan Brandmire would start his morning by ripping that tail. Great. Didn't Stephen Gary would rip his ass. Oh, I would have put him. I mean, what the hell was he doing on that station? But think about it this way. As bad as he is, he was beaten Gregory Benjamin there. Well, I don't know who that is. Greg, you know. That was a great Benjamin. You know, Greg, Benjamin, you know. Greg, Greg Benjamin. So anyway, that's all. But if that's what Boy Gary, incredible as God. Well, you should have heard Bob Green, you had been very proud talking this morning to Boy Gary as I said in there and laughed all over my shoes about how bad it till is. Well, maybe it's a good signal. Maybe Boy Gary's on the way out. Really? Well, double you, tell us. The great O.K. And here's Gregory Benjamin. Unbelievable. It is. And you too. What's really unbelievable is we let it till and the building here. That's so the real story is the real scoop as opposed to the facade, the charade that he masqueraded. Why can't you just come down and be honest and say I got canned in Chicago? What? No, seriously. What's wrong with that? Huh? It's like Joey who pretends that he never, it's like he never worked at QAM. He never worked at any of the stations he got canned that. He's just been, he's just been doing like 70 years of show prep. It didn't pay off, but he's been doing a lot of show prep. He never worked at all these stations he got fired at. I don't understand that. God comes down here and he acts like he's like Mr. Stu. Oh, I'm a big superstar at Chicago. I have my TV show. Of course it's on the cable. What do they call that? Local access. Yeah, it's that's how one of those make believe channels like that one. He got in Tampa where they're naked at night. That's what he's on. How much money can you make for that? Like basically nothing or next to nothing or maybe he pays for the time to be on the air. And he got canned at the loop. So he's up there. He's still living there. He's got fired. He doesn't have a job. He's not a work again and again and again and he's on here acting like he's Mr. Hotshot up there. And he's just honoring us with his presence for a few days because it's warm and Florida. No shot, Sherlock. It's warm and Florida. Great observation, Ed. And I would say for my could be a lot better in your case because it's lighter for the Movers to slipper around that wood. 11 21 on the IOD network. Here's Chuck Meyer. Joey Reynolds. Tom Hopkins. Jim Mantage and Randy Rhodes. Oh my god. Right here. If I had the ability to do it, I take you out here right now. I'm ticker god damn teeth then. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. I'm ticker god damn teeth. if you want them to die. if you want them to die. if you want them to die? If you want them to die anyway? will you guys have a pack. Where we are?. Wings too. of getting in my shoes. Wow! if you want My hands. If you want Me's. if you want me Are You A servant? The rain will come on, every guy, the round the sky The everyone, at least you'll buy and the bad thing We're just bringing my sheep and they're not scared The smell is just going to be a blessing, not sin Let's go easy, do you see now? Not sin, just forget that he's not ready Yes, I'm not haunted where not sin We're just standing here We're the ladies on a ground We're the prison and trailing, we like sister And dancing in our streets, our dancing in our sheep And dancing in our sheep, dancing in our sheep That's where you're seen, dancing in our sheep With dancing in our sheep 1127. At WI would do we have an open line in the star line? What in Brown and what in the Tampa? Tampa. 1-800-944-WI would do not fortmires, not Naples, not Sarasota, not Brandon Tampa. 1-800-944. So what city allow those blockbuster? You got three of them or three pair? Three tickets? Three. So what do you do with that? Oh, yeah? No, seriously, what do you do with three tickets? I mean, I don't mind giving them away, and it was very nice of whoever dropped by and left them out front. Can we see them? Can we actually like get our hands at them and take a look at where they are? What they're all about? Blockbuster, a buster bowl at Penn State and Vassar? Some girl school. I don't understand these bowl games where they picked the participants like before the season even starts and Penn State had a marginal to disaster a season. I mean, mediocre at best and embarrassing at worst. W-I-O-D. Hello? Yes, sir. Neil? Yeah. Well, I picked up the quote because George went out to get the tickets. Well, I'm one of those disgusting snores that would like a pair of tickets. Oh, hold on, man. I'll see what they're all about. How do you like that? All of a sudden, I mentioned we got three tickets. I didn't even see what they're for and the phones are bringing off the hook. Thank you so much, George. It's... Oh boy. I think, you know, you ever see the guy on top of the tower in Texas. George reminds me, very quiet, very calm, but he's the kind of guy that one day is going to blow and beyond top of the channel seven tower in the back with a rifle. Point it over there, I hope. It says, thought you might be able to get a few bucks for these for Camilla sauce. Now, I appreciate that, but with that never works out. Two seats are together and one alone. This ought to be okay. So if you're all alone for New Year's, here's the answer for you. So here's a section of 444, that's like in the nose bleed. Way up there. Bring your telescope, bring them out, paddle bar telescope. Now are you alone or with somebody? Oh, I'm with somebody. Hold on a minute. Okay, so there's like row one, seats three and four. That's pretty good deal, at least you get that out of there. That's not bad, huh? Being in row one. And then the other ones, row two, seat 24 in the same section. So actually, they're not that far apart. How are we going to do this? Who's this from Craig? The rocker fellas? Do we know what that means? What is the rocker fellas? I don't have no idea. Thank you, Craig, or wherever you are. So how do we do this? I don't know a fair way to do it. I want to give these to somebody who's going to use them. What's the a date? Oh, it's Friday today is the Wednesday. So whoever I give them does going to have to pick them up. Is there somebody else on here that wanted these, that wanted some, that wanted one? Well, how about if I give you two? That sounds real nice. It does sound real nice to me. And it's only you're only locked out because I picked up Colk because George was walking up front to get the ticket. So it's like, I'd go out to Carter right now. Well, you said this is going to be everybody's lucky here. Right. And it started off for you. That's right. Let me just to just build by chance, just on a whim that you might be able to snore a couple of tickets in here. They are. No, I'm going to go to a lot of today. Yeah, I'd go down to the lotto. I'd go over to Carter come up to pop at a night for a couple of million dollars. And so bring a tank of oxygen too because these are 444. They're in the upper level, but the prices right. These are $28 tickets, man. First, Roy, Roy's Joe. Right, exactly. In fact, some people from Plantation will be in the road down beneath you saying, go ahead, do a job. Well, hold on a second and George will straighten your ass out and enjoy it. Thank you, man. Okay. Now, if we got somebody at T-social that has no friends and nobody wants to be anywhere near them, I have one ticket. What are we going to do with this? And I don't think it'll fit. It's kind of a way these are wide tickets. These aren't like the dolphin tickets. You could do that. But these are extra wide, fancy, multicolored, rockbuster bowl 3, Joe Robby Stadium, and very impressive looking, even for the nosebleed seats. There are 28 bucks of a copy. They ought to be very impressive. So I got one, and I don't know what that I'm going to do with it. But we'll figure it out. Somebody will call it in Schnorheau 1. Here's a sunrise, hello. Sunrise. Gone? Okay, they probably wanted to free load. Miami, hello. Yeah, sir. Guy Schnorheau ticket. You aren't one? Yeah, I'll take it. What are you going to do with one? Well, I have to go up there. I'll probably get one out front and have a seat with somebody somewhere. I see. You know, I saw you up at the, I saw you up at the radar game. Yeah. And I went up there and I was never more disappointed. I felt like Dorothy going over to see the wizard. Why is that? Well, I mean, you know, the great meal Rogers. And I went over there with the girl that I was with. Yeah. And we were talking to you. And you acted like a bump on a log. I mean, you acted like, well, this net. I thought you had no life and you didn't react. I expected something. I mean, even fat rich was like more animated than you were. He's the whole thing. If I may say so, I think fat rich is the driving force behind the O'Rangers. I mean, if you saw. So you didn't really want to take it, right? We have an open line in date, 751 and 2 in Broward, 524. Like I'm supposed to put on a floor show for these people when they come over and say, hello. Or I'll go like the thing at the JG. It happens everywhere I go. And there's a lot of people who are not going to get any appearance. They come up and it's like, oh, geez. He's just like a real quiet ordinary guy. This is a radio show folks. Radio show. That's all. So when you know, come up to the ball game. I'm sitting there. I'm there to see the game. Okay. And I'm more than happy to say hello. I meet a lot of nice people there. Orlando comes over once in a while. Let's meet touches knee. And that's about it. It's a radio show. So this guy talked his way out of that ticket. After that crap no chance. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to ignore that ticket. Just one. Just one. Now are you going to give me a bunch of shot and tell me that I'm a bump on a log? I didn't. I love you, Neil. Oh. No, I really do. I listen to every kid. You'll have to suck around. But I mean, at least don't think a shot. Don't make like a nasty personal shot like this guy came over and thought I was going to do a tat dance. And a soft shoe routine for him and his damn ugly girlfriend, which I don't even remember them. Now, my wife doesn't care for you. But she has to listen to you while I'm on the case. Why, what's your problem? Those lack of sense. Do you know where is that is? She's a little uptight. She's too pure to bring it. Oh, a pure tannical bitch, huh? Well, then you know, no one, no one, you go to the game alone. Yeah, I'm not taking her. Good. Well, you've got it. All right. And I hope you enjoyed. So what are you going to do about getting another seat? You're not going to loan or you? I'm going alone. You are? Yeah. You're going to a football game alone? I don't mind. Well, I can't imagine going, well, I'm sorry. I just want to hit the huh? It's worth money. You're right. Hold on. Enjoy it. Okay. Here's a guy going to be sitting alone in the 444 road to seat 24. So go over there and say hi, you know, do something nice to him because his wife's an old, pure tannical bitch. So talk to that guy, please, and the straighten his ass out. We're going to do this right. How are we going to know which is which and who's who's and what's what? And we can't say what's what anymore? Well, it's George old handle it. George said, just leave it in my capable hands. I'll handle it. Okay. Because one thing in 92 that happened worth the well, we got one more day to go. George was about to say that Roger didn't get his job away from during 92, but we still have tomorrow. That's right. And Bob Green said he will be in tomorrow and by the way, look for some interesting changes tomorrow. George. Okay. We have an open line and Broward on the snoring line. It's amazing. You know, you people in Broward, I got a sense of humor that is just rare. It is really a treat to watch. We can sit here on all of the shows on a station and do a number with Broward and make a whole bit out of it. They wouldn't call like if our life, somebody was holding a gun to our head to say, hey, happy life and hell. But we got something to give away and they sniff that thing out and they're on there. Faster than you can say, sunrise is a douchebag. What do we have now, Roger? It says about 50,000 tickets. Well, that's good. So maybe this guy will be able to buy one very close by him, like maybe the whole row. 20,000 seats. Wow. What is it? What? I'm going to have him bring the tickets. Well, just relax. Don't start bossing Roger around, okay? Less he should start up another campaign to get your ass out of here. Okay. I'll start pushing him around. About 50,000 tickets have been sold for Fridays 130 BM Blockbuster Bowl at your Robbie Stadium. Woo, who he? Penn State and Stanford. Last year, 52,044 tickets were sold with 46,023 showing up at 600,000 plus no shows. 6500 no shows and the attendance count included several hundred reporters, security personnel, members of both teams, everybody in the stadium, the dog, the mascot, dolphin, then he showed up, they counted, actually the real attendance was like 78 people who bought tickets. But they had 46,000 people in the stadium that included the vendors, the guys that sell the sodas, everybody. And by the way, speaking to the guys who sell the sodas at the dolphin games, you're okay in my book, guys. Bring some over here. So it's 20,000 empty seats. Yeah, so I'm going to take these people have any trouble buying like several rows right around where they're going to be. 737 on the IOD network. Coming up tonight today, following Sports Thoughts 610, it's the Reddy Roadshow right here. I can have an orgasm just riding down 95. There comes a time in the young woman's life when she has to ask questions. Mom, I have to ask you a personal question. Do you do? Sure I do. I use vinegar and water. Live vinegar and water. Because silly, I'm Italian. Hidden Valley douche in Italian, French, French or new chunky blue cheese. 1142 at WIOD, we have an open line in Broward 524 and 1 in St. Pete. At 1-800-944, WIOD. Here's a mobile on the, no, not a mobile on a turnpike. Long gone, sorry. Cape Coral. Hello? Yes sir. Good morning sir. Happy New Year to you. And a very happy and prosperous and all the other, a trite cliches. I, yes, will put. What I wanted to ask you is I heard you discussing movies earlier and I'd like your opinion on Edward Siserhand. I wouldn't watch as much as I love Johnny Dept and I had Johnny on my show when I was on Seda four or five years ago. I wouldn't watch Edward Siserhand if you paid me by the second. Oh, I see. Well, I watched it. I loved it. It was great. You loved it? Yes. Wow. What's to love? I'm a surprise. Give a great cameo performance. It was a very good story. And who is the guy to produce that Tim Burton? Did an excellent overview of Satyron, Suburbi and Hell. All the houses in Suburbi and Hell, they're painted the same little pastel colors, same lawn, same sidewalks. Why is it that Johnny Dept is always in these silly movies where they have him disfigured is there some reason for that? All right. What was that other movie where he had the tattoos and the slick back here? What was that? The candy? What was that movie? Oh, geez. You know what I'm talking about? That 50s movie where they all had the slick back here and the tattoos all over there. Oh, that Francis Ford Coppola thing? Was that it? Where the guys were reading poetry or something like that? I don't know. I don't know. I'm just taking a stab at him. Didn't watch enough of it. Yes, true. I don't think Francis Ford Coppola made this movie. Hmm. Could be. No one has worn big enough. That could be. But I would like to ask the same much request. Yeah. When you debuted over here, you had a two little story with Larry King reading some story about a squirrel in a park. Larry King or Larry a lugek. Not Larry King. I don't think Larry King the story is about squirrels and nuts. You know what I'm talking about? Yes. That is actually. Could you please do that? Immediately if not sooner. Thank you very much. Have a great new year. And you too. See. Okay. Watch out for those scissor hands man. Boy, I guess that's why Johnny Depp wasn't running around naked for a long time after that movie. We have an open line in the out of town line. 1-800-944-9463. It did raise some interest in questions. In other words, I guess what we're trying to say is that maybe Johnny needed to help him hand in that movie, right? Here is Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. How's it going now? Pretty good. You sounded like a caught your off guard there. Yeah. Anyway, that aesthetic movie with Johnny Depp was cry baby. Cry baby. Yeah, that was great. I tried to watch that two or three times and it may be want to cry. Yeah, I know. What is wrong with the movies this kid gets into? I mean, he's a good actor. He's a good looking guy or girl. What ever he wants to be on a given day. He's kind of like, and he just gets into these real crappy movies. Yeah, I mean, the worst director's again. That's it. Anyway, I was wanted to call about that guy that called about the tourist. Oh, yeah, how could we forget? Oh, man, what the hell is his problem? Life. This is a Neil Rodgersho, not the benefit plea for tourists. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, listen, these people are so pseudo intellectual today. It's frightening. I know. You think that maybe just a little dose of ed till me have gotten to him. If he, if he cares about it, hey, you care about the tourists. Make a new year's resolution. We don't want to hear it. Right. Exactly. In fact, I think the tourists ought to have to pay a syntax. I think it's a little bit too big and I had to. The bunch of crap. It's a bunch of shot is what it is. And that's one of the resolutions we're all making is we're not hearing any more shot on the year in 93. We're not taking any more shot from any of these pseudo intellectual colors. Who, how about that old fart that called from Hollywood? I want to start a big song of dance about the Cuban's other playing out. Who, what does that got to do with our show? Yeah, no. And what is there to say about that anyway? I mean, you know, good luck to them and have a great life, right? But a little dampener like Jesus. Right. Put a little thing on it already for crying out loud. Have a good laugh and relax in the 6,000 years from now. Who the hell's going to give a crap about any of this stuff? Right. Right. So you have a hell of a new year. And you too, Paul. All right. See you. There's a guy that we could all relate to. Guy with a little sense of humor and not so uptight and psychotic in God damn serious. You're a calerian little Tommy. Lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest. I remember you reporting about the little poodle that we've dits away through the traffic and Lake Forest only to be splattered by a northwestern train. Well, a similar incident happened about a week ago involving a squirrel. My friend and I were on our way to get some lunch and late forest last Saturday when we noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on western Avenue. We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel and it started to make its way across the street. The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really stuffed with nuts from the park. Oh, luckily, the squirrel's camp had a cross traffic in my friend and I relieved that he was safe. Suddenly two girls were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street. They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path. The girl tried to avoid the squirrel, but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got caught up to the spoke. Oh, Jay. Before a squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flung on the grass. To our surprise that day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away apparently okay. Oh, good. The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel. Luckily he didn't lose his life but he might have lost his nerve. That's right. So anyway, where the hell is my old WLS Jingles? Oh, way to hell up there. What is it doing here? The top. God, somebody's been 89W. Okay, Randy is right. Larry Lou Jack was God. He was great. Not the best Randy, but he was great. 1148, we have an open line on the out of town line. 1-800-944, maybe he was the best. I like Bob and Tom and I have no idea why they're in Indianapolis. I don't understand that they must be making an ungodly amount of money and keeping it a big secret because they are much too good to be an Indianapolis. God, what are we doing here? It's 1148 on the IOD network. Get a little latest news from the 610 Wild News Center each hour plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast. 1152, a WOD little QAM SPIRIT port that's in the right place. This morning, just had a call somebody told me that morning was talking on the air about what the QAM listeners like best about Hank Goldberg. That was funny. War changes coming over there. God Almighty, how'd you like to try? You think we're bad? How would you like to try to count the changes at QAM in the last year? We saw the underwear changes every time the trends come out. We have an open line in Broward 524. Are we going to call Mike and my favorite muffin now? Because we had a nice salad and we were thinking what would like top of it. Look at Richard Bay here. What the hell are these guys doing? What is this all about here? I think we're going to have a little action right on the screen now. They're just all coming in from offstage. Look at that blonde bibbett back there, huh? Who's wearing one of those S&M outfits with a whip at the chain and this guy's about to take his pants off. What's going on here, man? Richard Bay is God. Although I must say this. Richard Bay is the one who convinced me to send away for that juice man too. So not everything in life is much more than just touring around. Are you calling Mike and my favorite muffin? And see if he'll bring some of those real. Just one is all I want. One of those ones is ways about six pounds. Because that's something you can eat. See people think that, wow, if you don't eat meat and all this milk and stuff that clogs up your arteries and your body, that doesn't leave anything else. What you're wrong when you are so wrong. In fact, I guarantee that you could still be the biggest fat slob and ever eat meat again. It's possible. Eat enough of those muffins. Miami Beach. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's up? Are you doing pal? I got a question for you. Do you see the movie toys yet? I wouldn't watch that if you paid me by the millisecond. Don't go. I've heard it is just the absolute biggest piece of shot in history. I went last night. And another robber, robber Robin Williams bomb. Oh, that has to be his worst movie yet. Really? Yeah. That's saying a lot. Hello, cool Jacob. Do anything for it either. Yeah. I was ready to walk out or ask for your money back. Oh, I wasn't like half a sweeper would have left. Yeah. So just don't see it. OK. OK. Have a great new year. Bye. Bye. Well, a verdict is unanimous on toys. Poor Robin Williams. That's so bad. So bad. And the meantime, he's written in millions of dollars and we feel sorry for him. See, that's what bothers me about how stupid we are. We were dumb. Guys getting millions of dollars for every one of these bomb movies that he's making. We should feel sorry for the people who put up the money for these movies. For the poor damn producers like Jean Noilder. Why is it always think that that was a Mel Brooks movie? Was it the producers that was with Jean Noilder, wasn't it? And then we're doing springtime with for Hitler. That wasn't the producers. What was that movie? History the world part one? No. That was not history of life. What? Hitler on ice? No, not Hitler on ice. That's Eddie Shack was Hitler on ice. You don't know what you're talking about. Anyway, we have an open line on the out of town line. 1-800-944-9463. See, someday you'll be old and seen out to George. You know, even remember what your name was? It was the producers. It was the, see, there you go. I don't know what you're talking about. The producers. And they were singing springtime for Hitler. That wasn't that a Mel Brooks movie? It was. That was Jean Noilder in that movie? And bankruptcy was in a movie. I know that. What are you laughing about? That's Mel Brooks' wife is Anne Bankrov. Who was in Fatsau, but he wasn't. But Dom Delloy's was. And I still haven't brought to that. I don't want to bring you like a washed out old copy. I want to bring you a virgin good copy because it's too good of a movie. I mean, the copy I got of that is on a real bad quality tape. It was off on TV and it looks like the colors are all running together. It's like a fourth generation dub. And if you're going to watch a good movie, you should see good quality. And especially when they're yankin' all the food, other refrigerator, when that big Oscar Lapetus comes up there. That is, that's one of the greatest scenes in the history of the human race in Fatsau. When he calls Chubby Chekers, because he's having a fit, he's had his brother put locks on all the, on the refrigerator and all the cover. He had locks on there without the bigals. And he likes chasing him around the apartment with a knife, making him trying to get the acquete of the locks. And so anyway, he's having his breakdown and he calls up Chubby Chekers. You call them and they come in, help you through the crisis when you're overreeding. And then comes this big fat guy. His name is Oscar Lapetus and his other huge fat guy whose name I don't remember at the moment. They're sitting around and they're like drinking hot water to try to help them through their desire to eat, to pacify them. And they start talking about the kinds of food they like. And about, he says, you ever take a jelly donut and melt it in the oven? He's, oh yeah. But you ever take a jelly donut and fill it with a Reese's peanut butter cup and melt the chocolate inside. And they just start talking and talking, of course, as a fat person all my adult life, I can relate to it because God is just so true. And before you know it, of course, they're drinking a hot tea, but they're like, want to put honey in it. Where's the honey, Junior? And they take Junior's, Dom Dulles is brother. They take in a grab him and they grab the keys. And now they open up the refrigerator and the cupboards and they call out for pizzas and for courts of ice cream. And they're sitting there at the end of the scene. They're all like past out on the floor from an eating orgy. And it's the greatest moment in history in Jordan ever saw it. Boca. Oh yeah. Am I your only caller here? No. No, no, no, no, no. It's calling from Boca. Well, listen, don't knock it. We already had another call from Boca today and that's our quota. We'll hear the second one. That's it. I wonder in something. In fact, here's a wait a minute. Hold on a second. Are you a Boca on a star line? Hello. Boca. Here? I'll get out of here. Somebody put their kid on the phone. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Robbin Williams. I wonder in something. Is it just me or has he not been in a decent movie, except good morning, Piet. That's my opinion. I haven't seen that like awakenings. I wouldn't watch because it's morbid and depressing. A lot of people think that was a great movie. It's more like a scene. It's not this. Okay. And the media. Dead Poets Society was highly touted by a lot of pseudo intellectuals. I tried to watch it on a cable and it within 10 minutes. I had shut that off. He's just not a movie guy. He's a great standup comic. He's a funny guy. And we feel sorry because he's probably worth about $100 million and he's in a lot of crappy movies. So I'm watching Richard Bay and I just want to get your advice. You think the bronze or brunettes would win the war? There's there. There. They've been fighting on the show. Yeah. That's what the show is about. The Amazon's man. They all look like they could beat the crap out of us. I'll tell you that. Have a great new year, pal. You too. Richard Bay is God. We need, that's one thing we need 93. A lot more TV like Richard Bay. We don't need Sally and herald or when all these depressing stories. Did you ever stop and wonder where do they get those people? Where do you find people who want to who are anxious to come on the air like these couples who hate each other, who allegedly despise each other and a husband has raped a wife and run off with a children and any sitting up there are very calmly on the stage side by side. So you know, it's either got to be contrived and it's all make believe or they're getting paid through the nose to be on there because what person in their right mind wants to come on and what other person watching in their right mind wants to watch all these other people's problems. It's like Sally's radio show. It's like Bruce Williams. It's like Dr. Watson named all these Joyce brothers, all these other shows. You notice how long that fat lasted. People are not interested in hearing other people's problems. They got enough problems to their own. They don't want to hear about all these other people. They want to see a lot of hot flesh on the air. And maybe in January 20 after we get the new president in there we get the sikes and all these other Nazis out of there. This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station. That was New York Radio's 610 WIOD Miami Fort Lottodale and the Palm Beach. All want to see it. Wow. Thanks forever to get that taste and smell out of your system. You start radio's 610 WIOD presents the new Roger show with the old dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD outside the 305 area code toll free 1-8944 WIOD and both South mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star IOD. Now the new Roger show on New York Radio's 610 WIOD. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. It's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. It's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. I don't know what it is but it's moving. It's ponderous and Madonna. Michael Jackson. I don't like there's one word in English language that I don't agree with. I don't know. I don't go for this crap about percosis little kids. I don't like that. I mean like beaten until blood is just gushing out of every poor in his body. I don't know what it is but it was the bag boy by the way. We have an open line in Fort Myers right there in the middle of Fort Myers. 1-800-944-9463. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I think it was Sally. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I mean we are talking major gray. I have learned Martin's TV movies in video guys. I have hallowell's film guy from about 600 years ago the Roger or I wouldn't wish on Hitler. But they're gonna say at the end, Heston has superior defense and price who had a role in the last man on earth. You know, because I saw it, I saw both of them. And Omega Man is much better. No question about it. And it's much more modern. And it's newer. And it's very depressing. And it's very good. It is depressing. I know it is. Because it hits at the root of human nature and about how basically barbaric and grotesque and selfish and hostile, etc. We are in the who the how wants to be reminded about that. It sounds like Trump and Heston. Like I said, it sounds like you live in Miami. Yeah, exactly. But it's a no request or no, nothing else except to tell you the best on radio and have a good New Year. And you too, and good luck with your thing. Thanks, Roy. See you. Bye. There's a guy's gonna sting operated on. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. We have 75 free tickets to not. Well, I usually works in Broward. We might just have some tickets here. Like for the a playoff game? Huh? There you go. Playoff game for a clock a week from Sunday. We don't know who we're playing. Yeah, but we sure hope at San Diego with their injured quarterback. And they're mediocre schedule. Davey. Hey Neil, happy New Year's Eve Eve. And the same to you. Happy Aero of New Year's Eve. All right. Hey Neil, that guy to call you about four collars ago with the Pigger for from Broward Boulevard. Yeah. What he forgot to say is, was on the news last night that there was about 18 cars that were hit with rocks that were thrown from there. Did you see that? Yeah. And did you see who one of the 18 was? No, I didn't see the thing on the head mystery. Go on there. Yeah. That's who was. Yeah. I think he did his in a parking lot at home. You think he did? I wouldn't have used to get it. Yeah. Probably just took a boulder in jam to through. They get some publicity. Yeah. Hey, Neil. I'm seeing taking a hold. I called you about two, three weeks ago before the Raider game. Yeah. We said in section four, 44. Those are pretty good to eat. Like I said, man, we only give out the very best on this show. It's like right on the 30 yard line. And the guy's in the dolphin side. And the guy is in row one. Oh, it's even better. How can you beat that? No, you can't. Those are really good seats. You've got a really enjoy the game. Yeah. Right. Penn State and Stanford. Yeah. Mm-hmm. We wasn't that, isn't that Bill Loss? Yeah. Bill Loss and, uh, and for Turner. Well, how would who cares about the term Bill Loss man? Go Penn State. Not their ass out of the ballpark, man. Just to get even with that obnoxious Bill Loss that hates the dolphins like poison. He does. He never has anything good to say about him. Right. Or anybody else except himself. That's right. Or the 49. Right. Hey, you think Clayton history after this or what? Yes. Bye-bye, Mark. All right. How do you take your rank quiz and go to another locker room man? Get out of our face with your big fat mouth. I'll tell you one thing. You know, who made the bottom of the big catches on that last drive when we tied up the game, Toni Martin. Toni Martin when the chips are out in the line. When your thing is on the wood, Toni Martin is there to get make the big catch and do the number. He's in plain real good for who's the one at now granted Clayton did score the first touchdown in the Ajetz game, but who's the one that scored the touchdown late in the game that we all know that should have tied it. We missed extra point. Toni Martin. All right. You go. I'm going to cross the field. He made that big play right. Bye-bye, Mark. See you, Mark. Right. Thanks for the memories. You bet. Okay, Neil. Just want to say Wayne Rick and two. You're going to have to know you're the greatest. Have a great day here. See you. Bye. Open line and Broward. Five, two, four. Got some tickets here. We don't have any tickets. Okay. We have no hockey tickets. We have no bull tickets. We have no playoff tickets. We haven't got squat. Okay. But if it encourages you, if it motivates you to get off your dead ass and stick your finger in that little instant, your apparatus and the tour them around a little bit, then do it. That's what we're here for is to motivate you to stick your finger in that apparatus. Here's a mobile and pepper pines. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Pretty good. Happy New Year, sir. Same to you. I was going to point out, I don't know if you knew, but the great Santini was also released. The Ace. Yeah. That was the first name of it. It was in the movies. It was a bomb in the theaters. And then they changed the name of the great Santini. And it became a cult hit on videotape. Imagine that. I don't know why because it was a tremendous movie. I mean Robert Duval and what's her name that played the wife? Oh, I don't think I think it was. She's always plays that kind of pumpkin southern she was great. It was just and he did a little great. The song was great. What's your losses? Oh, I can't understand what was real name. Oh, geez. And then all of a sudden he got like real Hillbilly Yahoo. He played in that movie where he played the ball player for the braves. Remember that? That was at he pressing movie. No. His name is Michael O. Keep. Isn't it? Michael O. Keep. I think now he mentioned I think that's right. He played the baseball player. And that was such a depressing movie. And he got divorced. And it was, oh, God. It was then he looked so bad and the shovel. And he just keeps getting looking worse. And he's got the David Johnson syndrome where his face is falling apart. You know? But great Santini was outstanding. Oh, really? I was like that. We don't need to see that movie, right? No. I also, I think that Sam Thompson's there is really just he greets it down and closes this funky kind of way. How about his hair? Oh, that's true. Yeah. Could be. Yeah. I think he's greets it down right. But he always slides down it. Oh, um. Do you have any other learning spell with Donald Albeys? Uh, I've heard Mr. and I've heard law more. And he died. He's, uh, he's Donald Jackson's God. He is the best. I'll level dig some up for here today. I would really appreciate it. Have a great new year. I know. See you. Learnin' to spell with Donald Albeys. I'd be Donald Jackson. Uh, he's gonna be on Hot One of Five, by the way, Donald Jackson. Instead of Molo in the morning is in Molo. Oh, God. Molo. I got, let's play that NBA thing. Okay, come on. Where is it? I mean, I don't know if he did this or not. I really kind of. Huh? He went. White Dander played in the Great Santini. She's good. She is a real good actress. And she was in some other movie where she played with that. With that cornpone accent, you know, that real southern cornpone. I don't remember what that movie was. Maybe it was one of those made for TV movies. I think it might have been, but she is really a great, great actress. I'll tell you who else I like, and kind of a stretchy way is say to Thompson from family. She's a good actress. But she was kind of a kind of a clutch, a clutchy mother. She was like, in fact, that whole family, because that show is still on in a syndication on like 75 times a day on a cable. And in its time, I thought it was a pretty good show. But as you look back on it now and watch it, it's annoying because they were all like nerds. They were all, I mean, will he, you know, will he get out of the house and get a life already? Okay, get your hands out of your pants and go do something already. And at Chris Dimick, nickel, man. I mean, you talk about macho man. I mean, she just, I don't know what her story is. Didn't she just have like a nervous breakdown or something or committed suicide or did she die? What happened to her? Huh? Something just bad happened to her. Like, she separated from a girlfriend or something. I don't know what the, and then the husband, James Roderick or is it Roderick? James something like that. He's also a good actor, but he was like, he was almost like, Ozzy Nelson, although he didn't have a job. He worked in the newspaper or something, but he was, he was always too busy being a jerk to go to work. And then he went blind for a couple of weeks and he was running around like in circles. And then all of a sudden it was like, oh, well, never happened. He's okay now. We get put a few eyedrobs in there and he's fine now. Come in. Running up and down courts are lost. Yeah, man. Oh, and then there was the older sister, too. What the hell is her name? Oh, talk about her. Talk about her. Oh, Meredith, backster, put her on a gurney and wheeler downtown. Oh, God. Talk about screwed up relationships. See, you watch that show and I've had to make you so neurotic that you just give up on life. I mean, just nobody can even be happy for like three seconds. They're always kind. And then that little adopted daughter, that little bratty talk about Procosius, kicker in the ass kid. Okay, well, long late in the show. And they, oh, man. Just obnoxious and loud and disgusting. And maybe even almost like Christy McNichol. I say almost. Wearing really tight shorts. There's those sweaty. And then Meredith, backster on a gurney's husband. I forget the one with the are frizzy here. When they jump through the air and they don't have a underwear. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. It's time again for some crazy NBA. Can't wait to watch a motley. So just as we'll always have, boy, with which to remember, Mitch Lewis by will always have. To remember, Mollobai. To remember, Mollobai. You're out there and you get me. Get him to watch you. Go his ball. And be a... Trust me what I tell you. Let me get that ball. You're the one to play Paul. I'm so happy that it's all. It's time again for me. Well, 36, we have $92,969 dollars in our ever growing rapidly rising Camille House total. We're doing it. We have a toll free number for you. If you want your apparatus, you can get it. Look at that. There is Mike from what you call it. My favorite muffin in Evan, true. And he's got a big, a bunch of crap. And look at that steam from engineering. Just happen to follow Mike in the door, which means one of two things. We have an open line on the Steriline at Sterilide. What was I just starting to say before I saw the food? Yeah, this is one big muffin and you're going to sit on it. You're going to sit on it, Steve. Thank you, Mike. What a guy, man. Isn't that amazing that we called you out of a sound sleep and brought you in here on this day before New Year's? Okay, you are quick. That's the room. 1236 on the IOD network. Here's Chuck Meyer. Joey Reynolds. Tom Hopkins. Jim Mantage. And Randy Rhodes. Each weekend. Right here. I am an ambassador. This is London's family with Donnell. I'll be Donnell Jackson. And today we're going to spend the work defend. Belling with me now. It's been. The E.F.E.N.F.E. Now, let's you be in the fence. I ruined my new high top climbing over the fence. This was London to fail with Donnell. I'll be Donnell Jackson. I'll be Donnell. Probably sold that Sony to defense too. 1240 and I want to tell you something. These muffins from my favorite muffin. When you get to peek at what's in that box, you are going to believe it. Thank you, Mike. In the advent of all my favorite muffin, they have the best muffins in the history of the human race. There's chocolate chip ones in there. And there's ones with chocolate swirling with like a cherry stuck on the top. And there's like big blueberry ones of the size of North Dakota. They're so big. And the muffins too. So anyway, Michael O'Keefe is married to Bonnie Ray. James Broadrick is dead. And he's Matthew Broadrick's father or was. Boy, that now that just doesn't compute. He just, well, I guess because it's just a show. It's just a TV thing. What the hell is this that I'm watching on here now? What is this? Damage? It's from a movie called Damage. And once again, they're doing the horizontal position. Again, I mean, a movie today just isn't completely unless we have at least 20 or 30 scenes in the horizontal position. Like a kiss before dying. That's another one where there's like all this gratuitous. And I, I meant, Matt Dylan, I hate to tell you, but is one of these guys who thinks he's like Mr. Young Hot Sex Pot, Fancy's himself as another James Dean. And I see a lot in common there. Both ugly, both mediocre and both highly touted and overrated and the semi-literated best. But it is a good movie. We have an open line in date, 751. We have an open line in Broward, 524. And we have an open line on the starline at Star IoT. That looks like three on a phone. I just, I'm just trying to keep a little more made of up because I know it's the holidays. I know you're busy. I know you have a full plate. You have a heavy schedule of things and we're trying to hang onto you. Miami Springs. Yes, I was listening to Jimmy Suffalo. And he said it was true that, and only the dolphins are the most penisized team. Yeah, well, if anybody would know, we have, Oh, no. That Jimmy, man, what a sense of humor, huh? You talk about a, you know, the one word that comes to mind. What I think is a very important thing is that you're going to be a good guy. What I think about the first team as they call it. On WQAM. The one word that comes to mind is lackluster. lackluster. I mean, Jimmy Suffalo, again, don't, nice guy. Good guy, like Jimmy. And, you know, a not too bad football player. He could catch it every now and then in the ball too. But lackluster, I mean, so combatose and so low key and so in a morning, I mean, you don't want to go back to sleep again. Dolphins and you'll leave the least penisized, or penal penalized team. Okay, we have an open line of dates, 751, and let's do a mobile in a four-laterdale. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just, I don't know if anybody is playing, but just pick traffic jam on 95 here, but you're idiot traffic guys there. They don't let you know anything. Why, you got a wrong? He headed on. He did. Yeah, I said, the 95 North of Broward Boulevard be closed, is what he said. Is that right? Yeah, I'm going to check it back up from Broward now. We've got a chilling road. I'll be down. I didn't hear that part. Well, we finally got one. If you don't have a crowd of crap up in here, sooner or later you get one right. Right. All right. Thanks a lot. I'll have a great new year. Boy, they're here. They're, they're everywhere today. But that's okay. We appreciate it. The sluggers wife was the name of the movie with Michael O'Keefe, who else was in it? Rebecca Demoroy. No, what do you remember that? Yeah, she's all right. And he is gotten so, in fact, that movie was like the change of life for him. He became so not just ugly, but just slavantly. You know, schmutzie. Yeah. And now that's all he plays is like schmutzie parts because he's a schmutzie guy. But in the great Santini, he was like, you know, an all-American clean cut. And remember the thing out on a basketball court and they were out there in the Robert Dubell was playing grab ass with a coach. And there was a hell of a movie really was. In fact, that was the movie where I think the locker rooms seen they were drinking prontang. Isn't that what the movie was from? Yeah. Two open lines in date, 751 and one in Broward. Five, another good movie that may have been a little cornball. One on one was Robbie Benson. Now I realized that most Robbie Benson movies are not movies. We would discuss here on the air because only purverts would watch those because he runs around his underwear a lot. But that was a pretty interesting movie if you're into sports. And if you're into like the big fraud of the Collegiate Athletics and all that, that was pretty good. No, you didn't like that. Did you see it? You didn't see one on one with Robbie Benson. What are you? Some kind of a goddamn communist? God, George. Here's the St. Peter'sburg. Hello. Didn't see fat so I didn't see one on one. And this man's sitting in there with a cigar and his mouth like he knows something about life. Probably not. You're right. How's our friend Bob Westeron? You're in laws are right, George. Comey. How is Bob Westeron? Yeah. Bad. Really fat. Well besides that. Got fat on his eyelids. He's got fat on parts of his body. Where it's illegal in Chicago. It's why they kick his ass out of there. Probably true. Any rumors around him come back to St. Peter's area? I don't know. I just see an ever-nobot these things. Lot of rumors flying around. Okay. Let's go. Let's go. Start one. Okay. He's coming to the WSU and then. Oh, there you go. Great. I've got a top 10 wishlist for the tip of the area. Okay. Number 10, a baseball team. Number nine is the top. A winball team. Yeah. Well that was number, uh, it's a little later. Someone to ball. Somebody. Somebody. Why? To blow up loose. Oh. March shot to Mary Wameha Zingha. Oh. A real NFL quarterback. Hmm. A baseball team. So the ball. WFLA. We're going to talk a little bit. Bob Lasseter on the airways in Tampa Bay. Oh. A hockey arena where it's seen more people than you. Wait a minute. Let's go. See what you've caught me short here. I'm eating my muffin. I'm out of my own business. It's almost New Year. And I'm not prepared for stiff. Okay. Let's go back to Bob Lasseter back on the airways in Tampa Bay. Yeah. Yeah. A hockey arena where it's seen more people than cows. Oh. A baseball team. And major Raspberry Hannamas for the main film. Oh. Okay. Hey. And one last quick thing. If any test of your your free huge dripping disgusting. Plus filled smeg misbeared. A knee. A animal loving douche bag. Oh. Thank you. And happy New Year Vinnie. Yeah. See you. Yeah. That Vinnie Testi birdie. In fact, I heard Defola sni talking about that UM Tennessee game. The ball game few years. How long goes that? Not too long ago. And how many through like another major interception. Like he always doesn't got buried and how they buried my amian all that good stuff. I kind of enjoyed hearing about it. We have an open line and a browned and one and two and a day and one and a time. That looks like one two three four not good. Not good 1247 don't forget we're going to be doing our thing at the New Year's Eve Celebration at the big orange thing at Bayfront Park. 8 p.m. the midnight. We'll have a booth there with all the Camille's house stuff. You can bring your visa or master card or cash or checks or whatever. We'll have all our stuff there for you to raise tons of money. And Randy's going to be doing her show live there on Thursday night. And Rick and Sots are going to be there in the afternoon and then again at night as Glutons for punishment. They're coming back from 11 to 12 30 in the morning. It'll help you ring in the New Year and get the wasted and all that other good stuff. So be sure and be there. It's at the 610 WIOD stage at the winner Wonderland area in Bayfront Park. 8 p.m. the midnight on Thursday. 1248 on the IOD network. Coming up tonight at eight following sports thoughts 610. It's the Randy Roan Show right here. Come on you are your team. Round the light mode. Every year we could compete in tourists all the time. And it would be quite so bad if we could lose your job. I'll help with each other, I'll let her die I'll help with each other, baby I'll wait for the hundred thousand I'll drift out, I'll turn around With the speed of art, and the perfect hanging down They all, they treat, they are different Yeah, they all, they treat, they are different Yeah, they treat, they are different I gotta tell you, this is my opinion You're so good that I had two accidents during the break I cannot begin to tell you Oh, God, Mike, that's good Anyway, we have an open line in date, 751 and one on a starline at stario d Where is the Marvin again this week? He's on vacation again? Still, what do you mean still? He took two weeks, he has still pictures Oh, it's still pictures that he's got I thought maybe it was movies No, I knew he had to have some kind of pictures That's the only reason he's here I mean this guy is got like about 75 weeks, a year of vacation I don't understand it, he gets more vacation than the guys who show he works I don't get that Have a muffin, Alex Yeah, there's in fact his one with your initials on an ML Mona Lisa muffin Here's Tampa, hello Happy New Year pal Hey, what's happening? We're doing it What I understand are you saying Bob Tapes, oh, Tapes, oh, Tapes, oh, I'm a waxman Dr. Kovorkin Really? Get some rice and move Oh, I love it Yeah, Bob, Bob can slow you down Just a little bit, yeah Uh, pretty good He's great, he's great He's a little bit Coma toast, that's all Yeah, yeah You keep bringing this movie up And I just was compelled to tell you about Fato Yeah, that movie is super That one moment is super Where they go get the honey juniors Oh, yeah That guy that looks like a data- Oh, that one You got it It's a cupboard off the wall Yeah That is a real special celluloid moment Get the honey Junior Another one in that movie is when he goes to get his nephew's ice cream cake Yeah Oh, you ate theoni Yeah And bankrupt goes crazy And she's like, digger fingers into the ice cream cake And the string Because he ate a big slice out of it Where it's said the happy birthday Tony And he ate the O and Y You ate theoni It's a goes dukey with that Yeah, she's great And bankrupt is just, can you imagine being a fly On the wall in that house with Mel Brooks and the bank cropped I mean, what a pair that's got to be That is got to be one happy couple Boy And another movie that I liked that is fairly obscured And it's really that the reviews was wide guys With Piscopo and Danny DiVito Why is guy? There's a guy saying that movie that I would love to use around the holiday He goes to see a relative in the future as he sure Yeah To bail him out of whatever because they screwed up You wasn't one of those new vories that until was talking about wasn't No, no, no, no, they just ate They play a couple of wise real bad wise guys But anyway, his, his, and comes to the door and answers it Because it's like that We knew it was only a matter of time before you arrived And Piscopo goes, that's a curious o'o But I always thought that'd be a good fellow to use When those relatives get pissed Piscopo, why don't understand him? I don't know what's the deal there, I don't get it He had that little while on Saturday and I live Where his big thing was taken off on the king and then that was it Yeah, and then he did all those beer commercials But I mean, what is his claim to fame? I don't, I don't see anything there No, there's kind of like J. Leno, I never, I don't know why people are Surprised that J. Leno was bombing Because I never thought he was funny in the first place He just immediately really a mediocre town at best And they try to build him up to be something that he's not And then they can't understand why he fails I don't understand that And he should be, I think rightly so he should be nervous Because I think I can be safe and hang on the letter But how can I afford that? How can I afford it? And how can see me? Listen to me, how can CBS afford to offer him that money? They just lost a trillion dollars on baseball I mean, they took the pipe on baseball They did Oh man, every longer Big time on baseball Yeah I laugh every time I say So how to help can they come up? I mean, don't you remember just a couple of years ago And CBS had all the cutbacks and they closed up their bureau here And all over the country, they closed down on these bureaus And they fired a lot of really good people And in fact, who was the little guy with a white hair? Fred Graham He's now on court Everybody that was there But Fred Graham was good He was like, I had a Texas Hillbilly accident But he was a good reporter now he's on court TV But I mean, he fired like a whole bunch of people to make cutbacks Because the economy sucked and they were dying over there And all of a sudden they got like millions for baseball And 20 million for David I think they're hiding it under Dan Rathers mattress or something Which everybody says, you know, keeps crying about the money That the baseball players get and they keep getting And that athletes keep that before and they keep spending the money And everybody expects this golden count of run out But they exactly went that show It seems like somebody somewhere has this source of money That's just never going to run out of money But I guess if they had a locker room at the Taj Mahal They probably have a golden shower Well, Neil, have a great New Year Have a great New Year And 50 million years from now, who'll give a crap, right? I got you Have a great day We have an open line in date 751 and 1 in Fort Myers Fort Pierce And everything in between, immaculate, corkscrew See anybody can pick out like, you know, that Rick Riley picked out What was the one? Newport Richie Well, anybody can do that, wreck, come on I think that he stole my road map yesterday And that's how they did that Because all of a sudden everything that I had in here has disappeared Mysteriously, answers, suspiciously Let's do a moral spring, hello Oh, it's the gang line Gang line Oh, Neil Yes, question for you Whatever helped the big Dave Whatever happened to him Yeah, don't hear you talk about him He's still around, he's in the vending business now He's peddling it He's peddling it, huh? Yeah He's still okay, he needs a haircut, but our net is all right He lives in my neighborhood A couple of blocks away He's too taken bed for rides and you can't or what He's doing what? Mepopets? The girl Beth? That Dave you always wanted to off with? Beth? Beth, yeah Now I remember Jill and of course I remember Kim He lived with Kim for like four years And then of course they just split up again for the 85th time But that won't last long Beth, yes, now I do remember Beth Crazy Beth He gets around He gets in here He gets in here He kind of like you Yeah Right Well, I want to know Well, you know, acquiring hines Want to know, have a great day You too, Beth Open line and Broward, five, two, four One on the out of town line Come on, let's get with it there, man Let's get going and put the gorda Now they did, they did do put the gorda Now we had success with that one day Remember that but it was a guy driving through Because nobody there is under the age of 100 And can't get to the phone even if they would listen to this crap 1-800-9-44 What is it? 9-463 1-800-9-444-WI-D If you're in Pondagorda If you're in a poor Charlotte But we have never had to call from poor Charlotte Have we? Poor Charlotte line Robby Benson is the Lord Was that Bob or Tom just in there? You know, I hope that Tom Velvita Speaking of Bob and Tom I hope Tom Velvita He, I was talking to him this morning before the show And he was just, he must be doing heavy duty drugs or something He was so happy he was like spitting and puke and choke it over the phone He must be going on over there They must be doing it as you went a lot better than we know they are They must be actually selling a few spots Which for them would be a miracle Because they had that Cox Broadcasting sales approach Like they go up to the client and they say You wouldn't want to buy any spots would you? I don't think so That's the whole approach here in sales But he is just ecstatic And I started to say I hope he really appreciates the fact that the tremendous sacrifices we've made for them For the honor of being on the great WSUN Bob and Tom history Other than the Casey case, something which they sent us See they can also, the Jewish Polkinos was the thing of theirs too When they send you something they can't take it back And all I can say is they got a lot of goddamn nerve getting up tight Maybe if we give them enough publicity they might get their ass out of that God forsaken Indianapolis This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD Miami Fort Lutterdale and the Palm Beach in the Lapot Hi to Flare King and they don't come any better than the Iraq Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD presents the Neal Roger Show To talk with Neal dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD Outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944-WIOD And bell-south mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD Now the Neal Roger Show on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD Pro-2 Hour Who knows the value of X? Who's Duncan? Hi I'm Sandy Duncan for Perky Learning Centers When I was in school the American Education System was terrific And I still had trouble with algebra That's because I wasn't very bright and I only had one eye But that didn't matter because I was perky and all my teachers really liked me Today without the 40 kids in a class it's hard to get noticed Let alone to be teachers pat That's where Perky Learning Centers can help And they teach you how to suck up, kiss butt and make dimples when they smile Call Perky Learning Centers, be ERKY or I or something like that I wasn't very good at spelling either For Christ's sake I only had one eye Oh speaking of Mitch Lewis by the way We'll also always remember I have no pre-pues There you go we got a whole bunch of crafter member Mitch by Wait a minute let me just do something here Hi I'm Lisa Perky Learning Centers, be here Perky Learning Centers, be here Perky Learning Centers, be here Okay well that's all you need to hear on that one 107 at WIO do we have a couple of lines there in day to day One more time you're right Oh can we I say quite pretty Be there But it's spelling either Perky Learning Centers, be there Perky Learning Centers, be there Okay Sandy we get the picture we could sit So you know what I'm watching now? Family What channel am I on here just a second? Oh it's on WIOR Every day I want to clock it's that kind of time I mean why watch Santa Barbara anymore It's going off the early day and it's going to be very depressing And all the good people are dead except reef and they're got to him all like bandages up and covered up anyway So I waste your time so I'm watching family And there's James Broadrick driving the car which is quite a trick because he's dead And there's Seda who's got that oh she's got always that look Always that like kind of constipated Oh I haven't had a good BM in years and I'm really worried about it look And he's got a real sour push on his face and they're driving it Okay, let's go to Hollywood, hello Hollywood Hello, yes sir Neil, how are you doing? Great Happy holidays And I'm seeing you New York is in it, Seda Ra There we go Huh? That I work Okay, I got some material for you too Yeah, I'm going to go before that Okay, just to request a nice move with the notes tickets or nothing Go because we don't have any I know that, I've been listening Got some muffins though, boy Okay, another one for just $95 I'll believe it is Can you become Jewish? Yeah This is for my sister-in-law and can you get that on before you go off? I beg your pardon The air You know something I haven't played that in ages I know, they didn't get rid of it, I hope Well, that's what I just want to check Because I don't like making any promises And then you sit there Oh boy, you're going to play it And then I don't play it And you're all sitting around there Bitching me out I've got a long tape Okay, well, why'd you're talking all of that look for it? And the cart too Okay, can you still hear me? I know you can Yeah, I hear you Okay, you've got that song, steam See you in good bye Oh yeah Okay, this is for our gradient friends Would she love? And especially the French ones Where it goes A, A, A, goodbye Yeah You can have some fun with that Oh Too bad we don't still have mental loas here If somebody created a deduce Something like that He'd have it on the air before 2 o'clock Hey, you got nothing to call Nobody to do something Nothing like that Well, wait a minute What's the name of the thing I'm looking for? You can become a Jewish for knife I'm all surprised Well, I'm just trying to figure out How I would have put it in my great system here Well, I'm all fine Did it's in here? Try to be under J Under J for Jewish I have a great new year, pal Okay, thanks Neil Okay, bye bye Bye bye Uh, Earl Stratus thing We haven't played that in a long time I think since that tissue, we haven't played that Since we came out in four miles We don't want to play too much yet It's stuff they get very upset about that They start getting their sheets out Uh, and uh, get real a psychotic I don't know where the hell that thing is Well, there's so many carts It's kind of like disappear and walk out the door And you don't realize it's like the old saying You don't know what you got until you lose it You don't know that it's missed until you're looking for it And then when you're looking for it and you can't find it, you miss it Believe me Uh, it'll be around somewhere Maybe huh? You think so? Not Earl Stratus Maybe it's under S As in Stratus Maybe not Huh? Don't see it under S Maybe it's under E as an Earl Or maybe it's under uh, J as in Jaffee I don't know where to help this I think this guy probably stole the cart And he wanted to start up with me We have an open line in Broward 524 And two in Dade Boy, you folks today Are really on the old uh, raggola Huh? What is their story? At 7519463 It's 10 after one on the IOD network That's the latest news from the 610 Wiodnew Center each hour Plus an update on traffic And the current weather forecast Wiodnew Center Wiodnew Center Wiodnew Center Wiodnew Center This is Lona Defail with Don Hell I'll be Don Hell Jackman And today we're going to spell the word delight Fully with me now Delight D-E-L-I-G-H-T Now let's use it in a sentence When I go to sleep I always turn out delight This is Lona Defail with Don Hell I'll be Don Hell I'll be Don Hell Jackman I'll be Don Hell I'll be darn too because Earl strikes his long gone Disappeared probably missed file somewhere Or just walked out in the sky The call is together took it probably We have an open line in Broward 524 And Dade is just the bizarre today I can't remember any day ever That we've had this in Dade County We've had in Broward a lot but there was a reason for that We don't know what it is yet But Dade is just absolutely doing it Somewhere else they're not playing in our neighborhood today They're probably all pissed off about how 105 That Molo's getting fired 75 years to 7519-463 and Dade 751 W-I-O-D come on let's wake up out there And Hayalea we haven't had one call from Hayalea today South Miami In what? Where does he go? There isn't a place left in Dade County Here's coconut creek Anya how you doing? Okay happy to hear sir Listen, you know if the season ended today The maple will be in the playoffs The maple leaves have won not won But two in a row I know What's going on with that? Did you read about how they scored the winning goal last night against the islander? Glen Anderson takes a shot and he fanned on a shot And just got like a little piece of it And the islander Goli fell back like out of the goal Out of position and he just had to lie there And as he was helpless in the off out of the crease The puck just slid trickled it at the night with 50 seconds left in the game And the leads get a greasy goal and win it And we will take it Unbelievable You're it is I just wanted to let you know I wanted to wish to make a little hit out of the trick bag This second half Pat Burns is reactivating George the chief armistrag is coming back Well we're going to finish both camp I'm happy Well right at tomorrow what do you got about four five points on M6 points? Five points ahead of one Five five Like I said we have a long way to go Pretty respectable Have a great new year Open line in Broward five two four and two in Dades Still what's going on there in Dade? High Alia north Miami Miami shore is biscuit park Oh my god you can't even begin to a homestead Narendra p-Rine cutlerage West Miami sweet water God were a little Havana Huh? Hi Alia They just don't give a flying crap about us any more in Dade County I guess this is the thing in the new year Broward's coming back Dades ship an out Hey listen you if you have it all at once Who the hell needs that? Look at that there is Kate is in the back seat of this car This is a driving family show today They're all in the car the whole show And she's in the back seat with little baby And you just know they're going to get in some big wreck You can just tell any second they're going to get a gigantic wreck any minute And there's Willie is on the phone Well that's good he's at least doing something a little more animated He's such a deadhead that Willie you know Just a bump on a log Here's West Palm Beach Hello And got a frizzy haircut too Hey listen man, I just called to say goodbye and to thank you for the entertainment You've been providing me with over the years Goodbye for what forever Nick law on moving to Anchorage Geez that it is forever Why the hell are you moving to Anchorage if you take and leave of your senses sir? No, I'm not there's a big radio opportunity after performing A big radio opportunity in Anchorage Woo! Well you know you got to do it you got to do it You can big the big of Here at West Palm or Miami they don't have radio opportunities They don't have radio here So you're going there to work in radio and Anchorage You know what? I want to do it to see HR going to be the afternoon drive A C HR in Anchorage, Alaska How to help you go wrong? How many stations have they got in Anchorage? They've got 19 19 stations Can you believe that? Woo! Oh man Holy crap You know they don't have any here and it's just I've been getting so sick of it There's no decent jobs anywhere else So I don't blame you You know getting the hell out of it Well I don't know though but Anchorage if you ever been up there Did you go there at all or is it just I've never been in snow before Never been in snow Well you know what thing I've always said if you're going to get into something for the first time like dive right into it big time Don't just beat around the edges just jump right into it Damn right Right All right you'll be back in three weeks I'm telling you Well probably so but I'll probably be back in three weeks just for the miss you guys Right there you go that'll be a good excuse Keep it in mind Good luck pal Have a great life Bye bye Oh god what a maniac See what this business does to people So our all strides is gone I just you know I'm not paying any attention with these people are talking about I'm just What is your best of Huh? Oh and we got the short cord on here today too I'm going to tell you this Mitch wean We got to do something about engineering in this place They absolutely blow those guys Got the short cord in here What the hell do we have the short cord? It's on one of the best of us do we have it in the building? You don't know How about in that closet in there In uh, Halcyon's closet Is that room open is it locked? Well during this upcoming break I'll go and check in the closet and see who's in there I'm not going to say a word okay I know we have a lot of very sensitive juvenile people in the building I'm not saying anything about it We have an open line of dates still again One more time in aventura 751 9463 and date on a very very untypical day day 121 At the on the iod network Join us this afternoon Be getting into for those wild and crazy guys Rick and suds And it's six it's sports dog six to Don't you I don't Damn it So here's the good news and the bad news The good news is God calls in and says You know that oral strikes is conversion thing It's on last year's best of me I got it sitting right here I'm looking at it So George and I rush into Halcyon's a broom closet in there And we're looking and looking and here's a 91 best of Neal CD And we open it up and I bring it in here And I'm looking and looking and here's the bad news It's not on here I think it was on a year before I don't see it And I keep looking and looking at these titles And I don't just not on here Sometime maybe the guy will call you and tell you what cut It allegedly is on his because it sure is how Listen on mine Rick senses his world I have no life Sally struthers Oh God how depressing I mean just here I thought We actually live the salvage that thing and it's not on there Oh look at the phone is doing like magical rainbows again Boy we should see that when they all go out and then they start Lighting up and they rainbows across I love that 126 and we got poor Charlotte Neal how are you doing? Okay I can't believe it Well I'll tell you I'm down here in Halcyon from Toronto A A Yeah And I'm both at least go last night Yeah You know like Susan always says there's a money that goes in It's a long way to get in Really? Is that what she says? Oh it must be a big hockey fan For sure Yeah For sure Is that what Bill you would say? It's not saying too much to be safe Yeah What he does say You're not in poor Charlotte I am in poor Charlotte Are you really? This is the land that time for God No Really? What the hell are you doing in poor Charlotte? We turned right instead of going on the turnpoints This music is the prelude The introduction And it signals the start of the longest running And most listen to program in the history of broadcasting The hockey night in Canada The hockey is rough Kelly That's the hooker That's the thing That's the thing That's the thing That's the thing Yeah Anyway Just say happy new year Don't seem too excited about all that May police stuff I pulled out there for you Well I left the video I did it just for you Did you? You left when? I said we left the leaf What do you mean you left the leaf? What is that? We left the leaf Oh you left the leaf Says in behind is in Maple Leaf Gardens And we're right behind the leaf Follow it Yeah, but you are way behind You sound like the ghost a Harold Ballard If you asked me Harold would be turning in his grave I think he's still spinning here Why is that? Why? They actually want a couple of games They're still in poor chess key Yeah Well we got all those foreigners on there Man, what bore you a salming wasn't bad We got to get a few more foreigners on there Great up to mediocrity Right And Doug Gilmore he's doing it Not I mean he's got like one hundred ten goals I always loved the way he is You look more is it God He's good The guy is amazing at the same place Yeah he is good He's very good Is it any right? Oh, but he's good For here in Fort Myers They need a few more What can I say? I never forget the leafs through tradingway Vincent Dumpfus I mean Daniel Merowaw I can deal with right I can cope with it But not Vincent Dumpfus He just can go with a credit The guy scores four goals in a all-star game And they trade him away They're going to do I don't know Bring back Johnny Bauer Just strap him up to the net Have a great new year, eh? Neil? Yeah Love you, I just want to say a couple of Couple of people fish bag Yes? Glenn Susan Kerry in his dog tell Major League And have a good one Have a good one See you Mark Steels at a two on one Toronto Clark Steels When Bill Clark is got Don't ever forget it either Okay, because it could be a trivia question On Chuck Meyers show Saturday morning We have an open line in Broward five two four That'd be a good one for dinner alive Chuck Bill he would Saturday morning There's one to put in your little list Let's do the alley Hello Hello Hello Yes sir are you on the alley You're still on it almost off of it I've been on for since then I could get back in the cell Since you can get back in the cell Yeah, I was telling I was Ted Bundy said too I came from Naples With a banjo on your knee, right? Right, no, no, as you come across You know, you run out of coverage And then you get back over here on the he's toes No, you need to get over there They got a Rome spot They got a dead spot Mm-hmm Yeah, I'm in it Yeah, I guess it is Oh great Oh, how did you think it was? First time caller Great Many years with her Yes Many years with her I tried to call you Monday Going over to Naples And I believe it or not You're busy And I got you back I got one question asked Okay, okay, sure Okay, okay Okay, you have a dog It's a lab And it's got a problem with the fleas And you were talking about What are you talking about I don't have a lab And I don't have fleas And either do my dog Oh, I thought you don't get fleas Hey Ha ha ha ha Ah, the dog does Ah, that's fleas I beg your pardon I thought you I thought I heard you on the phone Or the radio Or a lot of week ago You were talking about this dog food Did you gave your dog for a whole year? Oh, you're talking past tense Yes, I did have a bad flea problem I want what's upon a time of a couple years ago Right And I got rid of the fleas I used that barracks Who in the carpets And I got rid of the fleas Okay And then I used some good stuff on her skin Some skin So soft from the avon lady Right And then I'm feeding them this Come and get it And the mothers That they're sitting Come and get it Come and get it That's the one I wanted to call I'll talk to you about it My golden retriever has got the best skin On the face of the earth Okay He is the finest dog that has ever been born This dog that we have is so bad One flea will turn the whole dog into skin Just right Because they have a they have an allergy Yeah, oh, he's got a bad We take it to the fat The fat, the fat Scroozer around And rips us off for money And you know how they do You know like a human being Yeah Come and back and come and back And never does any good Well, where is your dog picking up the fleas? Yeah I'm a two-dose, you know? Well, what do you mean who knows? Haven't had a little chat with him And asked him what the hell he's doing? Yeah, yeah Well, I'll be talking to my doctor His lick me I have a friend like that Yeah, you have a dog like that Yeah, but it's fine I didn't say I have a dog like that But anyway You got to get rid of the fleas first And you got to do the skin so soft And you got to get the fleas out of your carpet Not your yard Yeah, we do snow, I was just joking We do that We got the skin so soft We spray the fleas in the house And all that crap And so well, so did you get rid of him? Yeah, but you know, you miss one And he's back to eat himself again I haven't had a flea in that In my old house We're at in the new house In the two and a half years I haven't had a flea Well, I mean not one I come in every day when I come home for work And I get out my hands and ease And I crawl around the carpeting And on the walls and on the ceiling And I check and I look in the dogs And in the backyard And then by that time Time to go to bed Really? Yeah, I think you're going to go to bed No, but you got to be thorough, man Because like you said, if there's just one That can be the end of the world No, please I'm telling you, come and get it That dog food And you don't have to go to the health food store You don't have to go to some laboratory And I'm trying to All you do is you go in a supermarket It's in a purple big sack Come and get it It's great I love it God, and they'll come and get it Believe me And don't go feeding your dog in a Dog dog No, no, no I'm repeating it to my son No, no, no, no, no I'm going to get it right Believe me, man And not only that, but to be farting a lot less too Well, I don't care about that Well, I care a lot That's kind of funny No, I have a lot No, I have a lot of things We can do it together Is that it? What you can always blame the dog That's right Okay, have a great new year One more question Quickly One more question Okay, I've been watching this What's this rush Lombock after you've been talking to him And I hate to say that he's kind of He makes me sad Even consider myself still my conservative He's so He's like, I think he's a red hearing From the liberals, they put somebody like that up to make everybody That's like a conservative Did you say a red hearing is in her mind Gearing? Have a great new year pal I can't stand the sound of the phone anymore I mean he's okay, but a little pushy But God Oh, man, it feels so good Not to hear that noise Done that? Oh, we have an open line In the Sterline Sterlion, Sterlion, OD And one on the out of town line 1,800 fleet And let's do my Emmy Hello Miami at a lower line Yes Oh, no, yes I'm going to go up to Tampa next weekend Bad move Bad move I'm just kidding Just point your leg Okay, I wanted to know if a Tempestly lighting was playing either a Friday or Saturday Well, you know something you would have come to the right place But that damn Roger, wait a minute No, this is the Marlon schedule So help me if he threw out my lighting schedule I'm going to be apple-plectic I had all my stuff in here Oh You know Roger, you make me nauseous Damn it, what the hell did he do with all my crap Got some goddamn nerve coming in here and throwing out all the stuff I had in my file cabinet here And he threw it all out I know it was him because nobody else would have done that Mr. Clean Clean Euro stuff out I don't know what the hell is Well, somebody over there will call in When is it going to be? It's a, I'm going to try to your Saturday I mean, I'll be there Friday and Saturday, though Of this week Not this week, the next weekend The next weekend Well, somebody will call in Who's got a schedule And the Roger makes me puke Okay Have a good time You too, dude See ya What? Somebody's on there already on nine Hello Anyhow, how you doing Pretty good, you got a schedule Lightening our on their longest road trip of the season That's right They don't come back home until January 16 Well, thank God, I got the golf the phones So I don't have to give them the bad news in person They're long gone Yeah, you're right This is that big long stretch And then of course the 21st They'll be home with the maple leaves I'll be there Do we're dying Holy shit Now do you think that I'll have a little problem being in that Very small arena Ten to where your seats are With all those yahu's and they're screaming Go leaves go I just don't think I'm going to be doing that You're going to have a lot of them I'll just say it under my breath Go leaves go I'll just whisper it to myself Huh? Yeah, I think that's the best idea There you go I'll need the prudent thing to do This is the lightings do we die Cause if they if they fall apart on this road trip They're going to be out of the play offshow Well, do you have a thing, maybe a good run for your money? I leave us alone Okay, we'd like to get into play offs At least you know one time before the Miami team gets in We're going to let over you You're right Well they're playing their playing good hockey Yeah Okay, thanks Okay, thank you See you Okay, there was the deal That was that Tom Velvita It sounded just like Tom Well, they a little more animated Couldn't have been Tom So we couldn't find the real Strites thing Obviously the guy never called you back Because it's not the 91 best of I think it was the previous year Which maybe we got one of those in there Huh? No Well, I don't know I'm doing a damn best I can for this guy Because he said before the end of the show And of course you know it's a put on And whoever took the card out of here Probably is like his a boyfriend And, uh, oh, call up Neil Last for the car because we don't It's not in there anymore That kind of stuff That happens every goddamn day Every day Maybe it's Joey's boyfriend I don't know, Joey probably is a fingering the stuff in here Like letting the fox into the chicken coop I don't see it And of course that was another Mitch Lewis jam That was a Mitch Lewis With little Laura classic I wonder how Laura's doing Everyone's in Wallace here at Doris Market Or at the supermarket How are you doing Laura? We love you And let me tell you Laura will make you good feel good That when they blew your ass out of here This place became a toilet A total toilet I mean the copy situation The whole sales situation Just became a nightmare When they blew little Laura's ass out of here They did that because boy Gary hit it or like poison That's the reason they did it So I don't know where the hell that thing is It's not on the 91 it's not on the 92 And maybe it's on the 90 and if we can't find it tough luck Volca Volca Volca All right, hey Neil What's going on in there? What's going on in the back Brother is he my father in you? Huh? Somebody's father in you in the back there Yeah, I'm the cut the crap Gary's father in me Yeah, leave him alone, Gary So anyway I got a crap load of stuff to talk about Okay, let's get away Stuff down as I'm going along Let's sell it out some crap here First of all the game Miami game Yeah Sunday Terrible Ah, nausea Did you see when I saw it all He threw the E2 pass and they was in the reception And the camera did a close-up on his face And you did it And he lived think M and F in bullshot Yeah Right Yeah, I saw it And then they police Danny knows the word He's back in slow mode Right You can actually hear it Speaking of movies I think that the lip readers of America The deaf people are going to go to the FCC and start complaining about this crap Yeah There's Amy Fisher crap I didn't see him I didn't see him I taped it Because I was in the track of the night Huh? You have a watch to you No He's a good Everything that they have to see Movie is Uh I'm sorry Man, I don't know Sure, if it's ABC Just going to do his story And then CBS is going to do Uh Like both of them together Well no, CBS already did it Or no, was that ABC? NBC actually Well was it good? Yeah, it was pretty good Because my mother said it was great And of course her taste is marginal at best I wish I would have taped that She had an interview on the top Because she thought a few good men was terminal And everybody else I talked She said it was a tremendous movie Yep This nine o'clock warm up in the morning What is the deal? I have nothing to do with that I mean what is with Mary? You always, first we had a half an hour Now we're taking a whole hour Right Well pretty soon he's going to be on from five 30 to six in the morning I'm just going to say I'm going to say I want you to start at five 30 and do you want to say He's going to say Uggabuga and hold onto what you all got And read a couple of birthdays And go back home and go to sleep But it is fine to go to listen back To the old things Well whatever Turn John I mean if you enjoy George works as ass off to put that crap together And try to make it a meaningful hour And of course he's really doing it That's what he told me this morning You had all little stuff here in the air But that you should add it before Yeah I throw a few little goodies in there Because I'm sitting here doing nothing Anyway so I might as well toss something in there Uh, so I'd wait till you look at these muffins And here man you are going to jump up and down in Scream Remember when the symptoms came out He just cannot stand anybody called For you to take try to try You know look at the symptoms Yeah She like about it Well I like the symptoms But it was in and out type fat In and out Kind of like a start trick The new thing is just ran the stumpy Yeah have you seen that? No Oh no Right Excuse me Reddustinby makes a Symptoms look like a Kindergarten Yeah Well if I want to do it myself That's a couple of things There's a couple of things that these characters say Actually for a cart And I'd like to give you a couple Okay fast because I'm already like four minutes past the break Okay What are you trying to do? Make me puke Cripes What is that smell? Okay Later See you Smell this 140 on the IOD network Miss the weekend magazine Featuring the latest news Information Trends and what's happening This Saturday and Sunday morning right here Come on you IOD Hey I'm busy here man What kind of a break was that? Suts is in here getting a muffin And I'm busy looking around for that Or else strikes which I guarantee is something Because this happens all the time And look we got the short court I can't even stand up and do it here No, no need in the closet I just checked There are no 90s in the closet Anybody we know in there? No don't say it Please don't say it He's so damn sensitive Um Anyway it's 144 we can't find real strikes And I'm just going to say it right now That whoever the guy was that called With his big story that he made up about They're all say They've always got the story That grandma and grandpa who are like Just under the verge they're going to die And about a half an hour And before they croak it would just make their whole life If we could play or whatever it is And then you look for it And it's gone and it turns out that these are the people It stole a cart So bring back our cart's pal And come on So bring back our cart's pal And cut the crap God Enough to make you a puke I don't have a bone spot We have an open line in Broward 524 That's our that she's like our regular Once a week we get her from Davy Okay I guess the horse turned her down this week So anyway Still can't find Let me give you that real slowly That AT&T Camelis house hotline number Real slowly One Well if you leave some dead air that delay builds back up again real quick Okay 1 800 852 Oh 06 There it goes Look at that And we have 92,969 The man hasn't even come by here yet today So we're doing pretty damn well Miami hello Hey happy new year now And the same to you sir And the same to that bitch that just called Oh I think that's the loose guys wife It could be Yeah you know the guy on the alley had a point about him You know with I think the guy has flee You know That might be it I saw me eating him so I know something crawled up in there Anyway so the hockey highlights this morning He has been wild night What the hell? What the arrows were going crazy Squirt 10 10 goals And the kid in the Chicago game They got busted in the mouth I didn't see that Oh Awesome People here are going to love hockey You know Yes they are You know all the people the mall the other day We're you know that that guy had jumped But they like violence Oh yeah that's right I like it for the wrong reason But we don't care Yeah by the ticket and show up Oh yeah What the hell can we do about it Yeah so listen I had a question Yes I was watching in living color The other night How are you pressing Yeah Seriously but the guy said Mo fo Somewhere to what the other guy you dumped Is that I mean you know that Can you say Mo fo? Yes and we give you Mo fo your money What's wrong with that? Oh okay And all the pens and how you take it If I can say that I don't know if you can say that either Well everybody This business about can you say that See that's what fathers me about People in this country is that they accept The worst kinds of absolutely unacceptable Repression If our ancestors If the founding fathers would have been as Wimpy as we are We'd all be in camp somewhere right now I just I can't believe that People are willing to accept all these Infringiments that are just arbitrarily made Up by a bunch of fascist assholes Oh can we say this? Okay we said and then we sit back And tremble waiting for them to have Like a meeting up there to say Whether it's okay or not Yeah we're definitely living in fear But we only got let's see One and the twide like three weeks to go Oh god I can't wait Yeah Hey are you going out anywhere Come on night I'm going to pop it apart tomorrow night How about afterwards For the ball drop For the ball drop You know what the apple I wonder if Alex is going to have the ball drop Over the years So that's something we're all waiting for No we're going to be there having a A bash there tomorrow night So right at the track I guess we'll watch the ball drop Okay Well I guess we'll see you'll be out on South Beach But we love you Okay See you Have a great life We have an open line in Broward Five two four and two and day So I guess we all got to watch the ball drop Tomorrow night huh So there is hope after all Alex Mona Lisa Mona Lisa Mona Lisa Oh god If you could only see that child You just would be rolling on the floor Holding your things right now 148 On the IOD network Your Chuck Meyer Joey Reynolds Tom Hopkins Jamandich and Randy Rhodes Each weekend Right here Come on you I am Please I just noticed something That in one of your interviews with John Candy I believe it looked like an older interview You had less hair than you have today How do you explain it? I don't wear a wigsirt Paint your balls pot One ball spot You paint your balls pot I don't know what you're talking about Sir my hair grows You paint your balls pot I don't have a ball spot How come you had less hair on the tape Maybe my hair grew Maybe I had a bad haircut that day You play the way something What are you care? Paint your balls pot I don't Do you paint your balls pot Paint your balls pot Okay 152 So we're having this big meeting on Monday And we're having it from 2 to 245 Now I assumed the reason we were having it at that hour Was because that's like a transition hour What? No no but I'm just saying that I thought They'd be sticking something on between 2 and 3 And that you guys would be in a meeting Then you're not? Well how can they have a staff meeting with a whole staff And you're not oh Well that's something about you Oh Well you got to admit that is original It's like saying the whole staff is invited Everybody must be there and the Rick and says by the way Don't bother showing up Well Oh That's okay there's always a mumble in radio I mean stands up Oh in fact no what do you guys look a little depressed You got some heavy competition starting Monday Who's that? Huh? The Milky Way guy Milky What the hell is that? Oh there must be stand on there right now Yeah I don't know if they can handle that radio Mumbling thing on Monday That's gonna be heavy duty Here's uh, Harley is gone Papadou Papadou Papadou Papadou Park 739 Here's Boiton Beach Hello I'm going to you Yes sir How are you doing? Another hum written phone I'm sorry I'm at 711 Wow I run it through the same one My girlfriend drove my car through Uh huh I'm like start out with a little uh happy hi Can you tell you? Yes And also have a question a little fat maybe you can settle for me Okay we can do it Uh me and my friend were discussing the heat ranch here And he said I have no idea He said they were 7 and 0 They went 1? 7 and 0 What do you mean? 7 and wind's no losses What do you mean they went 7 and 0 and 1 So we're getting to see them That's correct That's what Alex said That's what Mona Lisa just said Uh uh I lost some big money You're in trouble now Oh and also like to tell you a little uh Don't please story Okay My mom got this powder for my dog You're really bad, please Yeah She got this powder She put it all over the house Yeah And then after like a week she back into all of it And if the police jump into the carpet They get dehydrated and they just die right there So we have a bad police flank a year and a half now And wait a week We've done it once but a year ago and that's it Right That's it All right I just lost here once in a while Wait and out Vacuum amount Will listen have a great life and get a new phone I'm so into this book Uh Joseph's reading your foot bar Kicking Miami hurricane Love and do so Okay, God oh it's feel so good Not to get that home off here Oh Oh the sounds of silence are so comforting Let's go to uh Boca on the starline Hello there How you doing? Okay Uh how's my phone sound Your phone into bed compared to these others This is my brand new portable Well congratulations You got yourself a not so bad phone Got it for Christmas Not great But not bad Okay Here You're going to be a good one Yes Um you're buddy over there at the light bulb Yeah Um Mr. Sliderman Yeah Is he really? Yes I was listening to last night And he kept correcting people And everything else He was in the shop Well you know something he's still not getting any publicity on his show They did just not enough people wasting their time with that And I can't imagine that you would indulge in that But Well I love your show Yeah And you have a happy new year And I hope you make a million dollars next year Okay Alright And I too Okay There's a guy in desperate search for life If he's listening to that One fifty six Don't forget that AT&T Camille's house hotline Number one eight hundred eight five two Oh oh oh six We got today and tomorrow We got the mail coming And we could be somewhere between ninety five and a hundred thousand by the end of the year Which is tomorrow And then we got the entire month of the day of January to go So we are doing it Palm Beach Gardens Yeah Yeah yeah I didn't know Okay Oh on the car Who do you think is going out of BAM and Miami I mean we know who What is that mean Who do I think is going to win Why do people call up radio stations And ask who do you think is going to win Who do I want to win I want to see Alabama win 175 to nothing Yes And I think my Emmy will kick the living crap out of them as well Yeah You probably right That is correct Oh nothing What kind of spit Does the guy say before the forecumers That people will look new The quick, quick talking What kind of spit Yeah Probably bull spit Let's do a lady and sunrise Hello Hello Neil Hi I am a first time caller Great I just wanted to I have a complaint about Like all these tourists that are down here Yes The way that they drive I mean it's like not about their down here But for them to like all of a sudden Be driving and then stop In the middle of the road They don't even pull over Like look at directions Or ask directions And if this, I mean I don't know if they can Like came down here to kill people or what They came down here to be obnoxious And disgusting and if it right in with the ambiance of the area And they're doing a perfect job And they like go out to places like restaurants and bars And they can't even sit there and relax They just like start screaming Like the servers and bartenders and hostages And just not fair Well I think what you ought to do is Every time you see a tourist You ought to get this just stand right up And start jumping up and down and scream Go back where you came from I almost did I was in a restaurant yesterday And I started screaming at this guy You know Maybe our memories are getting short But it seems to me that this year We got the worst bunch of drivers I have ever seen in my life I mean our own drivers are bad enough Especially since they're hurricane And I don't want to sound insensitive But I mean the hurricane is brought Some of the most horrendous drivers Into parts of Dayton Brower That ordinarily we wouldn't find them And they're beat up jelloppies And that's bad enough But I was behind the guy yesterday Had a New York plate Who was driving so slow And I couldn't get over I was on the way up 95 to the turnpike And he was in the left hand lane Of course going way out of the speed limit I couldn't get over And then he gets across He makes the turn there To the palmedo in the turnpike And he doesn't know whether he wants to go to the right Or left so he straddles both lanes And as I think he's going to the right And I start getting around him On the left and passing him He decides he wants to go back on the left again I mean this man was all over Like an obstacle course He reminds me of the management of Cox broadcasting They like to know they like it Much of obstacles in your place That's what they like to do Throw a lot of roadblocks in front of your thing Exactly Well listen just a smile and have a great New York Because it's going to get a lot worse Thank you for tapping your TPS Thanks a lot Bye bye Well listen that's just about going to do it boys and girls See Alex is in here for Marvin who's on a seven year vacation now I don't understand it. I just do not get it Hasn't he been on vacation what? 16 weeks this year? I don't understand the dealer He's he just have stills He's got movies too He's got like videotape He's got motion picture he's got 35 millimeter He's probably got like the sisters And the gym Kennedy and everybody in the company doing something to somebody Maybe all to each other I don't know what he's got But boy must be a heavy duty must be intense Anyway have yourself a wonderful day We're going to be here tomorrow on New Year's Eve God that's depressing and distressing But guess what Friday we won't We're not And I want you to find out what the deal is on Rick and Suds Not being invited to our big staff meeting on Monday Which everybody who works at WIOD And WFLC And WHQT And everything in the whole the gods A mishpulchey are invited except them This is self-lawners news traffic And weather station Newstalk Radio's 610 WIOD Miami Fort Lottodale And the Palm Beach is Good luck guys