Well, I'm not a crook. Who's talk radio? 610 WIOD presents the Neo Rogers Show. They could attach and talk with Neo dial 751 WIOD from today. There we go. Rourd, it's 524 WIOD. Outside the real 5 area code, toll free, 1-800-944-WIOD. And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neo Rogers on news talk radio. 610 WIOD. If you listen to the new IOD, let's show the birthday time of ours. You never know it by the way that they are from all we. Just for some time you know it's always like over his son, even. Josey, daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy. I know, bye now. No one can't remember about any of that. If it's talent that brings a lot of money. And if that's all they're gonna tell. That talent is rooted out. I only need a face to it off and off. Tuning out. You ain't making such a wonderful listen and fall. They're made in half they have been better. But all you'll ever see on the TV on their billboards. These thick clothes are the sports or the weather. It's always take over in sunny versions of the day. But you'll never see on the TV on their billboards. It's a close-door, this sports or the weather. It's always take over in sunny versions of the day. It's always take over in sunny versions of the day. Josey, daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy. I know, bye now. No one other lessons to that other crowd. But if it's talent that keeps the place running. And if that's all they're gonna tell. That talent is rooted out. And putting your face through it up and off. Tuning out. What is it, Tony? You've been a bozo like Boke up Ryan. You can see what's inside his radio's buttered on. I'll tell you that. It's 10.07. It's Wiozy. It's Wednesday. Spence was out there today. I'll show you how heartless and cool this place is. Last Wednesday, a week ago today. I'm lying there at home. In fact, that was the day that I did the same fight as dance with a penicillin. I'm laying there at home and I'm just aching and black and blue. I look like a watermelon and heat and I'm sitting there in the phone rings. And it's Spencer. I'm serious. Somebody here gave my home number. Spencer cared enough to send his very best. Mr. Neal, you old Kim, Mr. Neal. Yes, Spencer. Hey, you're still alive, too. By the way, I want to send along our best wishes to Spencer's life. Who's in the hospital for a hemorrhidectomy today. That's a true story. She's got like a real pain in the, uh-huh. And of course, if you were married to Spencer, you probably have one too. How about those cops, man? Yes. Time for second place. We're ahead of the meds. We're going six in a row. We're just awesome. And Mike Balekki is God and looks better in a brave uniform than he ever did for us. But everything's great. Baseball is tremendous. And they had the most embarrassing. You know who makes me really sick to my stomach? A man who has absolutely no talent. Not an Iyota. Is Allen thick. Allen thick. And then I find out he's Canadian. That answers a lot of questions. They had the NHL awards thing on last night. And I turned that on for about three seconds. It was so nauseating and so disgusting and so pathetic. And then Patrick Rha has to get up there and do like most of his acceptance speech in French. And you wonder why they're all killing each other up there and they hate each other like poison. And they keep shipping the old French Canadians down here to make our lives miserable. It's no wonder. It's people like Patrick Rha. That what make you want to put you. Core these people on here. We're not going to talk to them. Nobody. We want to talk to you. Hello. We want to talk to you. No. Yes. I am so glad you're better. George says we don't want to talk to you. George is in a real, sirly, sour, mood already this morning. We haven't even said hello yet. He's a jerk. I wanted a call and thank you. No, he likes you to say that that he's a jerk. That gets him in a lot better. Tell him Rick Riley's right. Everything he says about him. Oh, yeah. He says back at him. Yes. What he said. I wanted to thank you, Neil. For the week before you went in the hospital. I called to tell you that I didn't get my check from the racetrack. Yeah. What happened? The next day the check was in the mail. How about that? Well, a better fat rich and a tom the accountant wish to get such fast service from Poppin'o Park. Well, Neil, you're the greatest. Yeah, because you got to check. If you wouldn't have gotten the check, you'd be calling cussing me out. Not you. I'd call him cussing. Cuss out the hero Durus. That's right. Don't do that. They sent me a nice fruit basket from Poppin'o. Park, they were very nice to me, even though I never will sit on a fourth floor again, because I'm terrible. There are so many. I don't want to say, because it sounds like it's me, okay? I'm not. I just want to sit there and be left alone. That's all no matter where I sit. Is that so much to ask? No, we saw you and we didn't come along. But there are so many assholes on that fourth floor and that track got all mighty. I mean, they're just millions of them. Well, why don't they let you sit on that? And that didn't even count you. That's right. Let us sit upstairs there. Yeah, have a nice time. And Rich can run up and down the elevator and make the bets on the fourth floor. That's a good idea. You need to exercise. Yeah. You guys like to fart in the elevator, any? Right. Not one Randy's in there though. That's, you know, Randy in the elevator? No. You don't want to blonde guy in the elevator? Oh, yeah. I know. Oh, Randy's a great guy. All right. The elevator. He's married though. He already told me that. I just wanted to thank you. Well, okay. I'm glad you got your money. I'm going to replace bring it back out this weekend. We need your money. Okay. Bye. Bye, boy. Well, wasn't that a nice call? Why would you say I wouldn't want to talk to a nice lady like that? I she was no sister soldier. But she was in no soldier, boy. Do you see that sister soldier on CBS this morning this morning? Today like your earlier. God, wouldn't you just like to just smack the crap out of her? She is just such an obnoxious, militant, hostile, hysterical bitch. Other than that, she's not too bad. Okay. I want to see some serious action here today. This is Wednesday. I think this day is kind of the turning point. The history of WIOD. I could be wrong about that. You know, me. I've been on to over at react before. I will say this boy. I am feeling better every day. We should play. What does that record by Chicago? Feeling strong every day. We should play that. That would kill like about four and a half minutes. God, I'm feeling tremendous today. And I have a feeling. Sonny's going to bring something really helpful. I've lost about three or four pounds. And I'm just on my best behavior. And I feel great. I should have like a big, I should have a t-shirt that says, I survived Mount Sinai. It's what I should have. Because believe you, me, it wasn't easy. And I think I've let him off much too easy, by the way. I really have. Twelve minutes after ten at WIOD, 7519463 and date in 524WIOD and Broward. How come the punk kid that called 7,000 times before when Roger was sitting here? For this show, he's not calling now. You notice that? He is calling? He went, no, put him on. Okay, put him on. Let's see how long it lasts. The call, I mean. Anyway, Wayne Arnold is celebrating their 37th anniversary at Arnold's Royal Castle. They brought us in a feast yesterday and it's been a long time. It's been months. Because I still had my gobladder in back then. Are you going to take more of our equipment out of here again, Igor? Don't come in here and start stealing our equipment again, Igor. God, all might look at that. He's eating a live rat. It's either Igor or G Gordon Litty, one of the other. Anyway, Wayne Arnold has been doing it for over 25 years. At Arnold's Royal Castle, you can't beat those little Royal Castle burgers man. It's like a trip back into your past. Made with that blue ribbon ground beef, the best real sweet onions, a pickle chip, your choice of toppings. Everyone has cooked on a grill of fresh to order. Doesn't set out of the heat lamp for hours getting like mush and mong. It's, uh, you can taste the difference, believe me. And swish it down with that birch beer served in the frosted mugs just like they used to do years ago. 24 hours a day, they're open with that traditional breakfast. In fact, you can get breakfast at three in the afternoon or three in a morning or whatever to have you want to clean the watches or white hats and red hats with Wayne's own homemade Italian meat sauce. The world's best coffee ever, the Nealy Burger with hotel-cut layered bacon and topped with American melted cheese. And it's just fantastic. You can't be with a stick. The prices are modest and it's the only place anywhere in South Florida. You can get all this great stuff. Wayne Arnold, don't forget to come in this month and help celebrate their anniversary with a delicious free lunch and a lunch with all the food orders at Arnold's Royal Castle. 1 24 90 northwest 7th Avenue in North Miami just to block off on 95 at the 120 5th Street exit. Open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, even on PORUM. Go for it. You're host for another gold mergit knife video show tonight at eight. You're the radio stick. We got a skim here at IOD. This is G Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere. They don't come anywhere. The Nealy Roger. We're just discussing here how come Marvin who's one of the worst degenerates in one of the biggest yak-offs in the history of the broadcast team. And I'll seriously, I mean he just shows up late all the time. He's just a total waste of human space. Why is it he gets to go out to Vegas? Because Hank is out there. Hank is doing some fat show or something out there. Oh, a fight. I thought it was fat. Fight shows. Sounds a little similar. From a season's palace, the side of the holy field home is championship fight. What do you do? So anyway, Marvin left yesterday and I understand he paid his own way and all of the Southern Crap. Well, hello, I'll pay my own way. Give me a few days off. I'll go out there. I need to recuperate from this tremendous traumatic experience I've just had. So we know that Marvin not only has the pictures, but he must also apply certain types of a sexual application to certain management types in this building. Seriously. What you're laughing about, I believe it's true. Okay, I think he's part of the oral majority myself. I really believe it. There is no question in my mind that you talk about service with a smile that must be Marvin. Why do you think he keeps that silly mustache? 1017 at Wiodine, North Palm Beach. Neo. Yeah. How are you doing? Great. I'm on a coffee pay for him. Yeah, it sounds like you're on a crappy pay for him. I got respect. I got a bunch of free schoolers walking. All right. Let me ask you a question. How do you spell potatoes, sir? I don't know. I didn't see the flash card. Yeah. Can you, I just, the more I see that. I saw several times in the news yesterday and I wonder what's wrong with America. Okay. I mean, do people accept this as the way it's supposed to be? The fact that we have a low grade moron who's a heartbeat away from being ill president, eh? Very, very scary. Not to mention we have a high grade moron who already is ill president, eh? But that's another story. I gotta story to spruce up yourself. Okay. Let's spruce it up a little bit for that guy that likes to spruce. Thank you, me. I really like this piece. Wait for my girlfriend. You what? Shopping. Can so I'm reading. No run that by again, I missed it. I'm sorry. I was waiting. It was raining here today. You know, I'm waiting downstairs from my condominium in Northong Beach. Wait for my girlfriend to come back from shopping. Hmm. So I'm summoned through a little fascist kind of newspaper that they leave her. And I'm reading about cemetery's village and some other things. And I'm breathing through these random comments by jeeringkey talk. And there's another story about probes roe being the second coming in a bunch of other class. About what? probes roe being like the second one. Oh geez. I don't think he's had the first one yet. Okay. But then I could not believe this article. And it was, it's real quick and I wanted to leave to you real quick. Okay, ready? It's titled, right men shouldn't be ashamed of their lack of jumping ability. It isn't properly known, but black men can't swim. Ever seen any black in swimming? Hi, Evan. Well now Jeff's white men can jump as religion, first black men can swim. There are differences, political differences between races. Beyond the skin pigmentation, beyond the skin pigmentation. Next time you see black, flowering in the water, in their native land, Africa. You'll notice if you're observant that the water is no deeper than four to five feet or waitable. Black can keep their heads above water, so to speak. But they have to struggle. Something most white do rather easily. White can black jump. I'm sure sister soldier would be able to appreciate getting several copies of this. So she's coming burned down your condominium, yeah? I just cannot believe. We kind of an asshole would put that in print. And it's just, it was just a part of it. And also what kind of an asshole would make a movie called White Men Can't Jump. That's another interesting question. What the hell is going on these days, man? Everybody is just so it's like it's really going to help for everybody to get really hostile and hysterical. There really solves a lot, I think. Why? I think this is just guys opinion. Yeah. It's true his opinion, okay? You know, that he has the power to put this in print for thousands of people to read. I hope he, I hope he drowns in about four inches of water, okay? Hey, listen, I'm glad to see that you're sounding so much better now than you're operating here. And right. He's been praying for that a couple of days. Yeah. You're glad you're feeling better. Okay. Thank you. That's a good question. I got news for him. And we got two calls on the board. I don't accept this is the proper response. In a community where we allegedly have like a few people who are alive. Okay. Underline alleged, this is sad. This is like I said the turning point in the whole history of W.I.D. The indifference, the apathy, the general lack of enthusiasm and friendliness makes me nauseous. The third day back from a 10-day traumatic near death experience. And to these people give a crap, do they want to say, hey, you know, how about those cups? How about that then? Quail? How about anything? God. You make me sick. All you photo and video enthusiasts. This is the third year we've been telling you about Benson's camera and videos. Annual. Summer blow out sale. When it down, blow it out, baby. Benson's Florida's number one photographic discount stores are slashing prices on everything photographic from camcorders to cameras to bags, lenses, lights, tripods, video accessories, and much, much more. And the factory reps from Sony, an old appendax, Samsung. And many more will be at both Benson stores this weekend demonstrating the latest in photo and video equipment. This Friday and Saturday, June 19 and 20th. And be sure to check this up. Sony has a new color video printer. And Benson's camera and video is making pictures from your 8-millimeter video tape. Absolutely free. How do you like that? So bring in your 8-millimeter video tape to Benson's this Friday or Saturday. And they'll make you a free print in just a matter of minutes. Be sure to check out Benson's ad in the Haraldis Friday, June 19. It's always a fantastic thing. Every summer when they do it. And it's happening this weekend. Benson's camera and video annual 10-sale blowout. And Dave, you'll find him just six blocks out of the falls on US-1. And a Broward County cross from the Broward Mall and the plantation community plays a Benson's camera. And video. Catch the latest news, traffic and weather info. The road's morning with Mike Granary in the morning information team just before the Neil Wenzury show. Tell me why you're here. I think your radio station is very crappy. 1024 Wiod, let's do a highly on the starline. Or good morning Neil. Well, good morning to you, sir. It is great to hear you back. Yes, it is. Not too dwell. Although we still have to jump start this goddamn audience every day. Sir, and I'll tell you, that's a source of great constipation to me. And I don't know what kind of contribution I'll be, but. It doesn't make any difference. We're not here for contributions. We're just here for co-existence, that's all. Neil, I went through a traumatic experience while I was on hold with Rick and Doug, the day that you called from your alleged deathbed. Yeah. I noticed a lot of people calling the other day asking for the tape of that. And for some reason they sent, they can't seem to find it. I think Rick is probably selling it on a side. I don't ever. I don't ever. I don't ever want to hear it. It's all serious, sir. I went through an experience a couple years ago with my grandmother. Yeah. Who had the same tone of voice and the same panic that you had. Panic is the word. And I, because it was a panic inducing experience because they had me hysterical. I was on the phone on hold to do some goofball stuff for Rick and I got very serious and I said Rick, I will personally drive down to the hospital and get him out of there. Yeah. And who somewhere. They didn't do it. They told me he's stay out of it. You'll do that. Oh, that's nice. No, she's Rick, you're an asshole, okay? God. I mean, Neil. That was the whole, I'm serious. I wanted anybody. Any like responsible or even semi-responsible adult person to come down there and like just interviewing on my behalf. Well, Neil. Because they were using me like a guinea pig. It was like an experiment at Auschwitz. My own personal experience. I stood at the foot of my grandmother's bed listening to her begging. He please get me out of here and I said, you'll get over it. Yeah. And you know what, Neil? She didn't get over it. She didn't get over it. Right. And I tell you, I am very, I would have been a lot of money right at that moment when I made the call that I was not only not going to get over it, but was never going to walk out of that place. And I wasn't going to bed against you. Yeah. It was very serious about hitting you. I mean, you talk about panic, man. I've heard that expression bedside, man. Well, I mean, in a hospital, it's almost like an oxymoron. They just come in and it's like a contest to see who can get you more hysterical. Well, I, uh, oh, yeah. Bloodplots, you're bleeding to death. I have to open you up and save your life. I mean, the lines. I should have just written them all down that they're tossing around like it's some kind of a joke. And you're lying there and you feel like crap in the pain that your eyeballs hurt so much as like they're going to pop out of your forehead. And it's the gas is seeping out of the ceiling. Every breath you take is just you're just puking and you wake up in the morphine is in the eye. It's just terrific. Never again. Never again. That's right. In any event on a lighter note, here is a gentleman and I used the term very loosely who runs the pet from our kid at Kendall. The one? That's super market. Yeah. The guy's name is Howard is the biggest. Well, almost biggest nearly I've ever met my life. Really? And that's his good quality. I'm sorry for that. He is the slimyest. Thank you. Do you just do his back? Wait a minute. Can I ask you a question, George? Who was that guy that just and there's another one? There's just like all these degenerates just keep popping their head in the door there and there's another one. Who the hell was that? Boy talk about ugly Mike. God. He's got that. He's got that possum look today when he re-man. He told him get out of the room. He's going to do his hang from a tree man and he'll put him and talk about the pet place. Well, we got some strange people right? This is just I can't describe it to you know what I'm saying? It's like if you were sitting in the oval office imagine yourself as president. Okay. And all of a sudden the door popped. Eric every 50 minutes the door pops open and these bizarre people like just pop their head. Oh hi. And you wonder is there any security out there? Is there anybody paying any attention or not? You follow me? And I can't picture myself as a president because I know who my assistant was. Well, believe me you're a lot you got to head start already. You say potato ice cream potato. Yeah. And how are you still in do you spend? Okay. Have a great life. I mean we have a man who is a functional illiterate who is so in our particular. I remember that famous debate with Lloyd Benson. He said I have as much experience as a senator as a senator Kennedy experience. And nobody ever even pointed that out. There's no such word as experience. Hey, Dan you idiot you asshole you you moron. And that's the problem. The public any asshole who gets on television immediately to public embrace. Oh, here's a cat. Like his pulse song is unique. He's got that nice, nice, shirty way. He looks like a lumberjack. He could swim pretty good. And the public immediately embraces any bozo that gets on television for more than five seconds. As all here's a good presidential material right here boy. This guy can almost speak. I just I just don't know what else going on here boy. Talk about the commitment to excellence. Our our whole country now whole existence is a commitment to mediocrity. That's what life in America is all about. But I don't want you to start it on that because this is supposed to be a fun show right as in Mr. Potato Head. 10 29 at W. I. O. D. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi. Welcome back. Vice President Cannot spell potato and needs cue cards to go into a goddamn elementary school to be able to spell the words. Okay? And still can't get it right. I miss you. Yeah. I didn't call you Monday. While it's obvious the audience missed me a lot too. I noticed it's the same old crap and like I said to the previous call. You got to jump start the audience and jump all over me. This why is this such a basically unfriendly anti-social town? Can you explain that to me? What is wrong with this town? Why? I don't even know the answer. I'm just so glad. Why don't people just want to like, hey, you know, just a little schmooze? What have you got to lose? Okay? If I'm on here for like another 100 years, I'll never ever get over this thing that these people have got. Like they want you to just beg and plead with them to play the game and just be like even a little bit, uh, conversion about anything. Other than getting their finger out of their nose. Are you usually say that? Huh? You usually say something else. Right. Well, it might be well-dependent where they put it first. It's like those two thermometers I had in the hospital. And she comes in and looks at, he looks at them both and then she looks at my face and she looks like down on the bed like, oh, which one goes where? I should have said try and both on for a size honey and get there a lot of here. Well, I just called to say welcome back. I'm glad everything's okay. Well, wasn't that nice? You see if we had about 50,000 more people like you who just gave a damn enough just to stick their finger in the damn phone and we'd have a show. Then we'd have a life in this God forsaken town. I'm going to try to come up to saw Graskism. Please, this Saturday 11 to 1. This is a chance for everybody to see my big black and blue mark Saturday. Are you going to show to me? Well, I don't think so. I'm going to say it. I'm going to show it to everybody and they start puking all over themselves when they see it. They can't believe it. I'm serious. My whole side is like a gigantic eggplant plant. Yeah. All right. Well, I'll try to get up to your settings and see you. Welcome back. Okay. Okay. Thanks. This Saturday 11 to 1 at the Sagress Bransmart will be demonstrating the Sony day to Discman. We'll be demonstrating it for you. And we'll have all our Camillus house stuff. We're going to be giving away a pair of tickets to the dolphins Preseason opener against the Cowboys, Friday August 7. The pair of tickets to the Hurricanes home opener against Florida, A and M and P and U on September 5. And we have an open line in date here at 7.5. One WIOD. There's that Casper wine burger. Why can't we just come to an agreement about one thing and that most people in this country are full of crap? They're dishonest. They break the law. They're full of garbage and they're crappy. Why can't we just accept that and look at all the money we'd save instead of going through all of these indictments and all this of our righteous indignation? Oh my god. And this one slept with that one and this one ripped somebody off. Surprise. I mean, that should come as quite a surprise in a country where after your team wins the championship, a bunch of Barbarians go out and start Busting the city up and putting people's cars on fire and breaking into stores and grabbing a lot of free merchandise and say, hey, we won. like everybody says, oh yeah, that's just like Mayor Daly says yeah, that's just the way we do it in America. That's just the way it is, like Howard Beal said. There's something wrong here folks. Wake up and smell the Petunius man. God. Boint and beach. Yeah. Yeah. Don't you think you're already in. Hard to hear in the book. No, I don't think they're tardy hearing of it. They're tardy hearing you. You ask all their tired of you is what they're tired of. Okay. Can't you come up with something more creative and more inventive and more amusing than your usual daily call about no matter what it is we're talking about the audience is tired of hearing this. They're tired of you sir. They're tired of you and you're very very tiny penis. 27 to 11 at W. I. O. D. They're embarrassed for you is what they are. Okay. You're a freak of nature. Okay. Why not get on her wall though? He'd appreciate what you got. By the way, we got some queens coming out of the closet on her wall. The will allegedly have to say after doing that's that's brand. There wasn't it. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi. I got some experiences to tell you. I had an hospital in March. Good. I just just to get even with a guy that just called from Point and Beach. I was in the hospital. Let him have it in November. Yeah. I have to go back in March for what? Respiratory. Oh. Yeah. Oh. So I had me. Didn't tell you you had blood clots in your lung by any chance today. I don't know. But anyway, I had all these tubes in me. I don't know. I couldn't get out of bed. Yeah. So one morning, nurse comes in at seven. I'm supposed to get this medicine at 10 o'clock in the morning. And I asked you what it is. I always asked what the medicine was. Yeah. And I thought, well, it's literally, but all right. You're asking too many questions, man. That's the problem. They don't want any questions. Just lay back and enjoy it. So two hours later, another girl comes in and I said, what is that? She's given me the same thing. And I'm only supposed to get it every 12 hours. Really? I wouldn't mind getting it every 12 hours. So I said, I couldn't get it every 12 days. I said, well, I had this medicine. You know, so she says, oh, no, you didn't. I said, yes, I did. No, you didn't. She says, I'll go out to desk and check. Yeah. She's going to show you how much you know. Yeah. So she goes out to desk and she said, I'm sorry. You were right. Yeah. So I would have had a double dose double dose double shot of my baby's love. Yeah. And another thing, another one, they put a, I have a blood pressure pad, John. Me. Yeah. So I lost it. It came off. So I asked for another one. Girl comes in. She puts the overlay on first and wants to put the pad John. Yeah. Overlaid. What was it about like nine to one odds? You know the overlay. Yeah, the overlay. Yeah. Okay. That's what the horses like two to one in the morning line and goes off 15 to one. So can you manage your odds against surviving in any hospital? Yeah. Well, listen, thanks for the great stories and have a nice day. 1035 at Wiod. We have an open line in day that's 7.519463 attention. All Toyota Honda and Nissan owners. How do you like to get full sticker price for your old car? How sonny coming by the way? He coming? Yeah. So is the Hanako. Okay. Well, anyway, you can get full sticker price when you buy a new 92 Toyota right now at Toyota of Hollywood. They're offering full sticker price trading on all 85 to 91 Toyota's Honda's and Nissan's. Excludes all Z cars maximum of super iscress it is and seller convertible CS sales person for details when you walk into the showroom at Toyota of Hollywood or just ask for Pat Murray and see what they'll he's up to and check out these exciting low prices waiting for you right now at Toyota of Hollywood. The all purpose previa van. It's a beauty fully loaded from just 17,000 769. Popular Corolla's from just 9888. Sporty economical to ourselves from just 6495 hardworking 4 by 4 starting at just 11,566. Or the luxurious all new Camry, which is just a miraculous automobile from just 14,000 185 don't forget all you Toyota Honda and Nissan owners take advantage of this incredible sticker price traded offer only at Toyota of Hollywood where they're open late every night for your convenience and theirs as well. That's Toyota of Hollywood on 441 between Tafton Sheridan streets in Hollywood. The opinions expressed in this program and I'm necessarily those of 610 WI would be rich by it. Yeah, well, I'm sure the audience really excited about here in that again and again and again 20 till 11 we want to thank E-Ds. You see we know how to suck up some free goods on this show. E-Ds ice cream. Remember I mentioned that yesterday that I've been buying E-Ds at publics and how great it is well it is and Tom Hart, a counter executive at E-Ds he's all hard and he sent over a cooler with some dry ice and a thing there and the whole bunch like gigantic humongous containers of E-Ds sugar free ice cream including E-Ds mocha fudge which is sitting there gonna thaw to nice room temperature and a little while. Thank you very much Tom you're a great guy and E-Ds ice cream is the best. You know the thing that is frightening to me is that all the ice cream places are out of business. Have you noticed that? Not all of my, you know, baskets are still there and wrestlers a couple of others but man you talk about being in a depression. Larry's over there by me by publics out of business and the white mountain that I used to love so much long since gone out of business over there by the fountain shops and plantation. Everybody's out of business. I mean I know we're only in Florida where it's like a hundred degrees in the shade all you're long so you think that the ice cream business wouldn't be all that bad. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach. Neil. Yes, mate. Well, come back. Thank you so much. Let me tell you a little empathy story about a gold brand and my mother and low up for a four days with home, what up? Take a little emergency. Emergency sensor home with an intestinal virus is something for nausea. Next day, thrown up again, send the back to the hospital, 30 gold stones. Now what do you know that the first day? Then they make a sit, 40, wait to lose a surgery and of course you can't eat and you starving. I go over the nurse because I'm a real pain. You should have had a lot of time. Well, that's exactly what you need to somebody in a hospital with you who is a serious pain in the end. Right. I go over the nurse's station to ask for a soda or a crack or something. The nurse turns around and looks at me and says, weren't you in the hospital three months ago? That's what a big pain in the as I was. Good for you. But you're right, mate. You know something? But we have a lot of people out of work, right? You right. I think you may have just hit on something. This can be your pain in the as. No, this, right. This could be a tremendous profession. People who are like have got a lot of hoodspa that don't take no for an answer who are who are pushy who are have the ability to be obnoxious and just scream and carry on, this should be like a profession. They need a let's open a little bit. You know how they have like in the yellow pages. They have escort services. Well, it should be like hospital escort. Take a pain in the as to the hospital with you. Don't be caught without one. Yeah, let's open a business. 1,800, 10 and the as. Right. Excellent job. Did they staple you up also? Yeah. Yeah. And then they use a staple remove a beautiful sight. Well, you know, the the interesting thing is because with this search, we know they do the four little incisions and you have four bandages over your gigantic black and blue mark and which is like your whole body. And then so the doctor on your system is when you get home, you can take the bandages off and shower and just keep the area clean and then like last Friday, I had to go to his office and he can't come out. Right. Which is like, you don't even feel anything. He's a little little isn't it scary that we put our lives in these people's hands. Yes. Yes. I mean, that's not the only thing that's probably from hunger. No, Dr. Ranger happens to be great. Oh, yes. In fact, if he would have been the only one and maybe I'm just lucky in that regard. But if I would have just listened to him and all these other many acts, these hysteria inducing idiots would have stayed out of there. It would have been a totally different experience. Well, after you were telling about the blood clots, my mother and low girls get to staples removed. Yeah. And the next day they send a back from work blood test because she's still not feeling well. Yeah. Well, when you when your blood count gets about as low as you can barely stay alive, then they start coming in taking lots more blood out of your body and then they can't figure out how come your blood count still so low. Now you have to have something else wrong with you. Yeah. But it's a long recovery, isn't it? You just it feels like jet lag, right? Yeah. Well, it's it feels like you're trying to get your your whole body acclimated. The room is like still spinning around a little and your little dizzy and it's great. Just can't get your back back together. And now that's not true. I feel better now than I did before. If that's all that's only by luck. You sound 100% better than I did. Well, I agree. Well, each of my screws feel better. Have a great day. Good to meet you. Bye. Bye. Sugar free. Eady. Ziya love it. It's mocha fudge and it's going to be softening to room temperature shortly. And we have a spoon here and I'm just going to make a pig of myself and if anybody doesn't like it, it's too goddamn bad. How do you like that? Okay? Too many whips in this world. That's the problem. Like I've said before, that's the biggest. Oh, look at that. They're putting Hershey syrup again on vanilla ice cream on TV. How can people do that? That is so goyish, your man. It's so, oh Hershey syrup and even out of a squeeze bottle. Not even out of the, oh, there's the can. If you're going to have Hershey syrup, at least drink it out of the can. Not out of like a squeeze bottle. That's so goyish. George, I don't understand. Did I just do that? See, you know, most of that movie where he was trying to drive Ingrid Bergman crazy. It was a Charles Boyet. Was there husband? Was it gaslight? Was that the name of the movie? He was trying to drive her crazy? That was a great movie. For a lot of Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Like and confirm with the other man said, because I was on Monday to talking to Rick and says really right before you right after you called. Yeah. I was like the next caller. How do you like the fact that when I call here Marvin picks up the phone. Wiodee, please hold and before I get a chance to blur it anything out, I'm listening on a hole. How do you like that? And you had just gone off and you were sounding like, I got it. And I got on. I wasn't sounding psychotic. I was psychotic. I was hysterical and I admit to it fully and freely and I had every reason to be. The reason I called was to ask them how you were doing. Yes, and here again. Why do you sure got a quick response? Oh, yes. So you hung up and they went to my call and I said, what can we do guys? Does he want us to go down there or what? And they said, no, stay out of it. Stay out of it. You'll take care of it himself. No, that's great. I'll take care of it myself. It's only through just blind luck that I got out of their lives. I mean, you had said something. If you knew how I had to carry on Monday night Tuesday morning of last week to get out of that hospital and calling having them calling doctors at home at three and four in the morning and begging and threatening to I'm seriously. I had to carry out like a maniac and I don't apologize for it. I mean, they deserved it because they were just how long can you stay in there and feel like crap and just inhale that gas in that puke in the air and feel nauseous? Oh, yeah. And then whoever that dope is in the afternoon who does the board for them. Yeah, whatever. I call up like on Thursday because we had nothing more on. We hadn't heard anything from you since Monday. Right. And I said, hey, listen, I don't want to get on the air, but I just want to know how Neil is he goes, he'll be back Friday, click. I'll be back Friday. I mean, I'm on. Oh, yeah, he'll be back Monday, click hangs up on me. Like, you know, don't bother me. Yeah, don't bother me with Cocker Rire like that. Okay, we got important stuff going on here like lining up pay office challenge. We had a wondering pay phone some challenge. We're just wondering if you're alive. You know, we don't bother us with that life and death challenge. Hey, that's W. I. O. D. We're all heart. What can I tell you? Yeah, as long as I live, I'll never, I was telling a friend of mine on the phone. I said, somebody out of town, he couldn't believe. He couldn't believe that I was in a hospital for almost five days. I went through this awful. I mean, mind blowing experience and never once did I get a call, a note, a card, a rock through the window from anybody in a meaningful position in this radio station. It's just, it's shocking. I mean, even if they hate you like poison, just the embarrassment level should cause, you know, you know, my mother, they're schlepping out to lunch. That's okay. They don't even know my mother. The dragon heard a buyer lunch, but I'm in the hospital on Deaths, Dore, we don't have time for that. We're busy. I have a meeting here. Oh, and the, uh, to make ourselves feel important. And the, uh, just a soldier thing. Yeah. I, uh, you saw the press conference. No, I saw her this morning on CBS this morning with Paula Zahn sucking around and I did just, it just made me want to barf. You notice she doesn't say that she didn't say it. Right. It was taken out of her. By everything else that she says, you know that she said it because she's with the most obnoxiously militant disgusting just needs to be beaten up a little bit. But, but there's nothing wrong with what she said. The problem is it's a conspiracy against just ejax and right. Uh, and out of put her and Jesse Jackson on the same rubber wrap together and get him to hell out of here. A couple of professional Ojo and Provacitors. You know, does any where there's an opportunity to stir up hate and trouble Jesse's always there. Clinton, you get like two million extra votes just for sticking it to that. Well, that's a start. I think. Thank you, Sonny. Sonny just brought me in some stuff. Have a great day. They help. See you. Did you do that record soldier boy? Sister soldier. I mean, who the hell is this bitch? Nobody ever heard of her before. Now all of a sudden the media's making an order. That's what bothers me. It doesn't just bother me. It drives me crazy. This media thing. Everything is a, it's, it's, it's gone the full cycle of can't get any worse. Everything is whatever is on television is what controls the entire goddamn world now. And that's why we got to have Bill Clinton with his dark shades and a saxophone with our Sinio and he's on MTV and we got that little torpe on there with his bad haircut. And it's just it's incredible. Whatever slush whatever trash they put on that tube man, just like Howard Beale said, if you people haven't seen the movie network, you better get it right now before they make it illegal, okay? Yeah, they will pretty soon. It's going to be illegal to, to rent that movie. I think everybody should become an instant Howard Beale. 10 before 11 at WIOD. If your mad is hell about anything, take data for lunch or dinner on Father's Day, okay? And just to make yourself feel better. But the hell does that mean? I don't know what? It sounds good. The Outback steak house is a great place to take Dad or just take yourself any day, of course, for dinner. And ordinarily they're open for dinner only, but this Father's Day Sunday, they'll be opening at 12 noon all the way through the afternoon evening hours to give everybody a chance to take Dad by to try the best in the world soup, the walkabout soup. If you love cheese soup, if you love onion soup, this is like a combination of both. It's spicy, it's thick, it's delicious, it's the best thing I've ever put in my mouth in my life and that's saying a lot. And try their great appetizers like the blooming onion. And they're juicy, thick, huge, tender steaks in primary, but chicken and ribs on the barbie in pasta and seafood and grilled fish and fabulous, gigantic fatning desserts like the chocolate thunder from down under. And there's something for the kids too, the new kids activity book. That's sure to keep everybody busy. And shoot through to the Outback this Father's Day Sunday, starting at 12 noon, you'll find them all over town. They're in Kendall in the town of country, Cedar. They're on West Flagler street in the Flagler Park Plaza on Southwest 89 place in Breyer Bay, northeast 163rd Street in sunny Isles, Pines Boulevard in Pembroke Pines on Riverside, Drive and Cruel Springs on North Pinyl and Road and Jackaranda Square and on Southwest 18th Street in Boca, take that out for a real tweet this Sunday, Father's Day at the Outback. That's the latest news, traffic and weather info each morning with Mike Granary in the morning information. Just before the meal, Rager show. A task at a test kit, can I feel your brisket? That's what we got today from sunny, beautiful brisket on dry and some delicious spicy vegetable soup, just loaded with all kinds of good stuff. I'm hoping though that I've recovered a little bit beyond Monday. Remember I had that real heavy duty vacuum cleaner like vegetable soup on Monday? It's like a carpetsweeper goes through your colon and just starts like pushing and shoving everything out of your system. I'm not going to have to wait for a week or two or three minutes. I'm going to have to make this tremendous rush down the stairs. Anyway, I hope that I can do a little bit better than that. Today, this is great. Thank you, Sunny. You're just a great guy. Okay, crappy here, but a good guy. Here's a mobile in the keys. Yes, John has a meal. How are you doing? I'm doing tremendous. Hey, I got a quick question for you. How much did operation cost? Did you see in the billion? Oh, I haven't started getting anything yet. I'll allow you here that somebody in my insurance company committed suicide over the weekend. I can believe it. I can believe it. My wife cut her finger. Yeah. I took a emergency room at a local hospital. That should be good for about four or five grand. 11, five. Oh, not bad. Believe it. It was a cut finger for God's sake. I've learned my five for just one finger, which finger was it? It was the next to the shoot me. I'm I'm signaling. Finger. Oh. 11, five. Can you imagine if it would have been a good one? I would have begun at least 15 or 20. I had to believe it. It was a thousand dollars for the emergency room. They've stopped something. I had already cleaned up. Yeah. No, it's just unbelievable. It is. It's incredible. Anyway, tell us the bill when you get it. I'd appreciate it. I'd like to bring in the itemized bill and I'll let you know how much they're ripping the public off like for talent halls and percussets in all of us. You know, probably about 10, 15, 20 bucks at tablet. They cost them a dime, you know. You may be mistaken about Jesse Jackson. I thought a number back in the year of Thomas the Thomas hearing. Yeah. He said something unbelievable. It changed my opinion a little bit about it. At least he had his head on straight on that. He said that if he got as much support, the comment got public in party, there'd be no need for primary. What the hell does that mean? Well, it's just the Republican party basically came out and supported Thomas 100% and Jackson doesn't get any support from the public. Thank God for that. Thank God. Did a new phone pal? God, what a phone. Speaking of what a call. Neil, hey, Neil, it's Ian. Oh, here they are sitting together on each other's lap Ian and Kelvin. Thanks for the card guys. By the way, that was real sweet. Thank you. Roger like this. You're the best. Yeah, we missed you. Try to control it. Try to act like a little. What are you going to guys going to be on herald this afternoon? Well, I'm heralded. Huh? Well, he's got guys coming out of the closet this afternoon. Really? Yeah. What time is it on? Five o'clock on channel six. Which guys? I'm going to tape it. Why? How are you doing Neil? I'm doing great guys. The house a pain. It just started again a few moments ago. Okay. It's just going very noticeable when you wear your jeep. Mind your own business. You can't move along. Ian, I think you should be happy with what you got right there. Okay. That should keep you busy for the rest of your life. He's got these kind of well. Anything alive that would get close to you Ian. I think you ought to kiss the ground. Okay. Right. Don't take it out. Well, what? He's okay. Oh, I don't know. Oh, okay. I knew. How come I don't hear the water running? You guys turned it off before you made the call? The water running? Yeah, in the shower. We'll go with the shower after that. Yeah, I bet you will. You're probably need to cool off a little. I'm glad you did. Well, listen, have a great day. Okay. Okay, Neil. I'm not trying to have, you know, blow your offering, but but I am. I love your Kelvin. Bye. You're a pain in the ass. Ian, I'm sorry. 1058. At WIO, D, we have an open line in Broward 524. WIO, D, what are you doing here? Do they ponytail? Well, I'm not a crook. Oh, D, let me around your town. She had herself a kid without a hobby. Now she's getting flagged from our honey BP. Murphy proud. Murphy proud. He's getting down. Murphy proud. He's just a caring her. Why is Dan Quail started picking on me? Every time he's beat his forgets in the way. That a fucking Murphy should just bring off a day. Well, they clowned. He's out of town. We're getting down. Murphy proud. I'll see if it went out. No, it'll be me. You must have something better to do as VP. Murphy proud. Murphy proud. Murphy proud. Murphy proud. Murphy proud. Murphy proud. Murphy proud. We did Quail. Get a life you to weep. Well, I'll say what, the Dany's the best learner are spelling word of the day is toe, toe, toe. It's 1106 at WIO, D. I mean, what are more on? What a bull zone you people sit out there like, oh, yeah, this is the way it's supposed to be. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. We got an invo ceil a man who is so dumb and so in our ticket and such an asshole that it's frightening and he's the vice president. And you're all worried about who bounced a few checks for crying. At least they could write them. Okay, that's a start. Well, I see. Why do I write the date? Oh, here is it. I'd like to hear a lot more from that guy in jail in Texas about all adopt the Dany spoke. At least that would be an explanation. That would be a good excuse. But of course, that guy will be in solitary for years to come. They'll probably send sister soldier to see his ass. Yeah, take good care of his white ass down here in solitary. You bet. Here's for Lauderdale and the starline. Neil. Yes sir. Hi, you're doing this is Mitch. I talked to you on the management problem. You have over there. Oh, excuse me, Mitch. Bless you. Oh, you went to management and it started backing up on me. Yeah, exactly. Listen, forget about that for now. What's the deal with you in Alham Bardem? What do you mean the deal? Well, I got to listen to it. Besides the fact that he's a slimy creep. Okay, that's what I want to know if you got a one with him or not. How could anybody get a lot of the business? He's a radio slime ball. He's just a, oh, God. Just to look at him. You want to just, you feel like something's crawling like red ants are crawling all over your body. He always hangs out there at Papino. He never like necessarily in anyone's body. Just kind of like hanging around like in the middle of the thing there. Nothing but that thing to say about his morning. Who gives a crap? Why would anybody be listening to Alham Bego? What station is he on? Anyways on a station? Well, I can't stand in your homeboy Mike for an area in the morning. So I have to listen to what it's stuck up. That's a possibility to use sir. Okay. He's got the old Jim Woods look. Oh, man. He doesn't have a word to say. Who? Your homeboy, look, over an area. That's why he's still on the air. Don't knock it. Well, they have to put it this glamour on after the five minutes of ripping. He did see and I was very disappointed. Yeah. And in the words he had to say about you. Uga Muka. Exactly. So what else is going on here? I'm good mood today. I feel great. I'm feeling stronger every day and watching those cubs manage to pull it out of there, but that's incredible. I'm going in the town three weeks. We are doing it. Maybe I'll catch them. I don't think they're going to be in town though in three weeks. Well, you'll be lucky. Well, and you understand that now we got Mike Morgan pitching today against some reject from the human race. And if we should get lucky again and sweep the cardinal, there would be two backed-up back series sweeps and also would put us in sole possession of second place you do understand that. I understand that I also played at the expert in the Cardinals though. What? The expert and they played the expert before that. So what about that? That's no great beat. I didn't say it was a great feat. We'll take anything we can get, okay? This is true. I mean, who the hell did the meds beat last night? The fillies? Is that something to write home about? No, that was the pirates that beat the fillies and the meds beat the expo's last night. No matter who you beat it, don't make any difference because they all suck. Why do open division? Anyone can win that? Right. They all stink. So everybody has their moment in the sun and now we're getting hours. You got it. There's that 800 year old Helen Thomas with that disgusting wrinkled up face. He looks like a gigantic prune on a TV. God, don't you just hate her? Helen Thomas the from the Washington poster, whatever she's from, she's always at the press The front row asking the first stupid question like how's your hemorrhoids Mr. President? Exactly. Now I know you're talking about that. And was it really sushi or was it just a bad whole of grit? You know, good questions like that. Yeah. I'm out Neil. See you. 10 after 11 at WIOD. We have an open line and Brian, what is it? The star line? The star line. He said it's star IOD. Old ponytail was just in here sucking around. I'm going to be over pizza a lot next Wednesday, a week from the night, 5 to 10 p.m. For another Camille sauce fundraiser and also for Jess birthday party next Wednesday. How do you like that? So bring Jeff lots of presents like maybe a good scissors would be good or maybe tweezers. If you haven't tried the Silverado Cafe in David, you're missing out on one of the very, very finest restaurants anywhere in Data Broward counties. And if they got a menu man that you're going to fall in love with, you talk about gourmet. This is as good as a kid. Start with one of their mouthwatering appetizers like muscles in garlic butter or marinara or Maryland, crab cakes filled with cheddar or their unbelievable Caesar salad as good as you've ever had one anywhere. Before the main dish, try one of their pasta dishes like Norwegian salmon and dill cream sauce over today's fresh pasta or pasta primavera. That's fresh vegetable sauteed in herbed garlic and olive oil sauce over pasta or you can have those as your entree, whatever you like. And you talk about entree's man. They've got the best in fresh fish every day and individually grilled rack of lamb chops or New York strip jumbo shrimp, veal chops, the veal ruse guns since this is national veal week. You should definitely try the veal ruse. That's one of the best things I have ever hand in my life. It's layers of veal and cinnamon-spiked eggplant topped with fresh cut mushrooms and raisins in a light herbal marinara sauce covered in moderate jack cheese. It is just tasty and sensational or try their crown yellow tail snapper or wine makers chicken and lotslots more. And don't forget to make reservations for fathers day at the Silverado this will be a perfect place to take. Dad just call 474 99 92 474 99 92 they're open for lunch 11 30 to 230 2 day through Saturday and for dinner Tuesday through Sunday that number one more time 474 99 92 the Silverado you'll find them on University Drive 35 28 South University Drive and Davy to be exact right between Griffin Road and state road 84 and what used to be Loman's Plaza back there by CDs buffet and all those neat furniture places and all that good stuff. Tonight is 6 it's Sports Duck 6 cans out for it is most pleasant to sports show. You're the greatest thing to me. Come with you I'll teach. Hi it's P. We Herman take it from me they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Hey babe one a dance. No way you're 10 don't. Yes it's not cool to be 10 anymore. Nobody wants to go out with a cancer candidate so if you have to be outside this summer use new sunglasses with an SPF of over 2,000 just one thick coat of sunglasses every day will keep you passionately pay all summer long you'll be the head of every summer party you go to. Hey you look great did you just come out of a coma or something. I was you look pretty sickle yourself. Oh van he's here those mushrooms growing in deer are. Yes you are I use sunglob hey you want to turn over to my place tunnel no way we can go outside thanks to Sunglob. No sunglob now available environmentally unsafe aerosol cans because who needs an ozone layer when you have sunglob. Yeah that's what I say it's Southern 15 to Wio de Altena I think that's making me nauseous is that the news is also full of things that are just so bizarre and unacceptable and just it's like everyday and you get to the point where you start believing that this is the way everything is you see the story about that couple in Hollywood yesterday the 43 year old woman the ex-school teacher but school something or other your advisor teachers ate or something and she had her husband to took custody of this 15 year old boy and it seems that maybe they were into that long-skanner something like that because they were tying him up and making them have sex with both of them and all of a sudden they're crap and it just you just start wondering is there like anybody out there who isn't beaten or battered or abused or molested or I don't think so because just in the last six months everybody in America has been on her rather were Sally or one of the or morey pupic and they're all being like and then yesterday on her a heraldo he had the woman from a four-laterdale whose daughter was forced into being a stripper at pure platinum or one of those places and committed suicide and where does it stop and Dan Quail is running around talking about family values what are you talking about you bozo here's a lady in Palm Beach hello welcome back Neil thank you so much you're terribly speaking of bizarre stories on the news that man in the film team was pregnant it was it's a whole turn out to be a hoax isn't that a big surprise right and you notice you notice he kept that one film clip they kept showing he was sitting there and he kept rubbing like I don't even want to say where he was rubbing and buzzer rubbin his belly was a little ordin that yeah I won't bore you or the audience with my hospital experience why not well you ought to do it just to get even with that guy from boco who thrives and telling us how to do the show every day well suffice to say it's a thing she's another mic didn't hear something it was just like you described I went there for what I thought was going to be a routine procedure and they got a piece of cake right they got me there tried to kill me they drove to me they caught me they stopped to them they they did all these unnecessary things like a guinea pig and like you I thought I could do it alone I drove my car to the hospital and admitted myself I'm on the fourth floor I'm dying and my car's in the parking lot and I'm trying to think well I wonder if I can crawl out of bed and get this thing in there right exactly earlier plotting for escape I know parable like being on death row it's exactly like you described and I'm surprised you haven't received any bills yet because I got to Anna's busy all just still the day I got home they're always the first real you'll die when you see the bill now I can imagine but if you don't die when you're in there you'll die when you start getting the bills or wish you were that did you manage to see the guiding light 40 anniversary special the other day I thought it was very very disappointing I just can't believe we haven't had a lot of cause about it because we have a lot of guiding light people out there but it was so boring and it was so wrapped up in the current bunch of people which nobody gives a tap because most of them have nothing to do with the show and the history of it we didn't see enough papa bow or in burnt bow or we saw two seconds of papa bow or we saw about four seconds of burnt we saw about three seconds of Rita and the original Ed we didn't we never saw Mike bow or we saw him on hopes wedding day give him he was scared well just kind of standing off to the side but I mean there was never any a scene where he was talking or doing anything no they didn't go into the history of now and we never saw Jackie no and uh it's easy I think of all the important people that have been on that show so we never saw we saw what's his name we didn't see a man we didn't see her old mother we didn't see uh what's his name the blind of what was her name with Ben Eve and Ben we never saw either of them and uh you know you think in an hour and they just kept showing the same stuff over again and here's Nick nobody wants to see that god damn ugly Nick with a big nose from greaser from wherever to hell he's from we don't want to see him already they just kept showing what we saw last week great right exactly we already are seeing that we don't need to see that and since when I mean I like Alex but you know since when is she like the queen of the whole show already give her a rest oh it was disappointing we never saw Sarah we saw what's his name that's Kevin Bacon but we never saw Sarah who was one of them we never saw Steve members did we saw him for one second we hardly saw Dr. Jackson it was bad did you like starting like scoring right now if we could just get over Nick McNaner y'all ready everybody is obsessed with the send him to camp send him to Cam Ray wherever the hell that is I hope he don't come back I know that I hope he don't ever come back they're all slipping to Cam Ray I know well they've got a lot of story going on at the same time it seems like they're jumping around to him and when is somebody gonna butcher up to Brigitte already and slap her in the face with a two by four with a rusty nail and it got I'm so sick and tired of between her and what's his name you notice the one constant thing that runs through these shows everybody is a whim nobody has the guts to say anything straight out to anybody else's face which is why there's always this confusion and nobody knows what he's gonna go up right nobody opens up a mouth one more thing and then I'll let you go um I want to once upon a time in America the last two nights great I still like I miss something I didn't get it in other words you saw the end and you didn't figure it out what did the garbage truck me well supposedly there are a chop it up James Woods and his sits inside the garbage truck well that's what I thought yeah but you're supposed to be wondering I am I'm still wondering if my wasted four hours well just I think it's a great movie even if you don't know what it was there it was it was well acted it was a nice looking movie and yeah and there was always Brian Bloom and they're in the early part oh yeah he used to be on the world tour right that was worth it I go yeah I mean all great talking have a great time all right bye 21 after 11 at Wiod we have an open line out of town 1-800-944-49463 here's a reminder from a quick soyloob and Hollywood and Fort Lauderdale about their fabulous their tremendous their spectacular colossal oil change and wiper blade special at McQuicks Broward locations only get a complete oil change using up to five courts of Quakers State 10 W30 motor oil New oil filter in a brand new pair of wiper blades all of that for the amazingly low price of just 2395 and on top of that they give you that certificate good for four bucks off on your next oil change at McQuicks all of this my cost you over 40 bucks elsewhere but right now in McQuicks get the oil change new oil filter and new wiper blades and that $4 certificate all for just 2395 and all of this to their thorough 18 point service check and you've got a deal too good to pass up and if you've visited McQuicks before June 29 you can find out how when a free parrot tickets to the firecracker 400 at Daytona on July 4th the appointment necessary just driving him a quicks ride now and tell him that used to be really sick kneel sent you in there at the northeast quarter of 441 in Washington Street in Hollywood and on state road 84 half mile east of I-95 in Fort Lauderdale that's McQuicks oilloob where they do more good things for your car in about 10 minutes then Cox Broadcasting will do for you in three and a half years you didn't hear Goldberg at night last night you missed gypsy commutes how good don't get excited open the window throw your dresses out of the closet and just keep an open mind tonight we're in Las Vegas coming you from sea palace the home of the home's holy field fight join us for Goldberg at night tonight at eight on south Florida's news traffic in weather station news talk radio 610 W-I-O-D there's plenty of baseball action this weekend right here join us Saturday and Sunday for the best American and nationally deep I think your radio station is very crappy if you listen to the new I-O-D let's show some birthday time off better hey you never know it's like the way that they are from all the way let's go and tell you no it's always ankle for your sunny version chosen cackarder cackarder cackarder they all are nobody now no one gives a crap about any of that it's a talent that brings a lot money and if that's all they're got a town that challenges you in good you But he's beyond the billboards He's the coastore, the sports or the weather It's always ankle-building, sunny version Josey, Gakakakakakakakakak The other though, by now Yeah No one overlaces to that other craft It's the talent that keeps the place running And his best older gunner's tower The talent is losing out And the only place you live in And I Tune in out By the way, speaking of Alabama, Bartol Let's look at Gary Sibel on the phone Do a little story about Alabama I'm excited to know 27 after 11 at WIOD The out of townline is open 1,804,4, we don't care And we hope you would die a wicked death And all I could stuff Hey, I'll tell you one thing Even if I do it will be with a big smile Because I'm not going to be with my pile Because Eny Sugar Free Mocha Fudge is the best God is that? Well, that's the best And I had the other night at the Eny's It's about as good as it gets But this is really good And it's sugar free So I'm getting my just desserts too After an nice little lunch from sunny And a little dessert here Thank you again Tom Hart, we love you Just keep sending the free ice cream Okay, Tom, we love you Hollywood Yeah, Neil Yes sir I got to get going to games for a few weeks ago On the turn bike Going at our waffle speed of 10 miles over the speed of it Woo Then we're... Rattonism is the majority Yeah, thank you so much They what? They gave me a ticket from $80 Wasn't that all hard? Yeah, so I called the ticket defense team Yes They've advertised and they said they only go up as far as West Palm Beach Right So my question is I don't know if you knew anything I was up in the middle area Same as that Good question Maybe somebody in our audience knows Yeah, she's like I asked the girl I'm not taking a clinic and she didn't know anything She's like a terrorist Yeah, she don't know crap Yeah, so somebody maybe somebody you'll call in and help you out Okay, thanks Don't do it again now I'll just call a guilty spouse Yes sir I'd like to call Linda and Frank and our regis A couple of RT party disguise All right All right, thanks See you Ah, um 28 past 11 at WIO D There are three open lines on the board now And I'm getting pretty upset about it I'll tell you that right now I would think for at least the first week When I come back from such a traumatic You people are about as insensitive as the Dam management here You know Jeff Pony till was in here a few minutes ago Bug in the crap out of us as usual And he said that while I was in the hospital He said literally he said I know of course he's probably making it up Cause he's sucking around He said I literally had hundreds of people Okay, man I'm asking how's Neil doing and how about you and all this other crab And sucking around Well how come he gets all those people But I come back on a year and it's like the same Like nothing ever happened The same old crab jumpstart these assholes Same old stuff I don't get it I mean do we have to bleed to that To get you people at least to fake a little bit of concern And sincerity and friendliness and something Anything just to reach out and touch your radio person Is that what it takes? What the hell does it take? Obviously a lot more than whatever I did Here's a mobile and dear field Neil Yeah Break up the cup Yeah, alright My goodness Well I will say this our magic number is still 911 What have news met boys The met's suck Can't say game outside the dodges braves No I saw some of the early part of the game In fact Mike Pellecchi let out of what was it five to one lead Now you had a seven to two lead Seven to two lead And then all of a sudden he remembered he used to be with the cubs and it just started Caveman in I don't know when he fully met he had a seven to two lead He had lead off triple by butler and he ain't came out of the game Really? I heard out and they brought in that great bullpen Which has been there down a full all season You know I wish you want to meet the games Braves to win if he had a different manager Because Right So he's not doing the job How would you like to get Jim we got the Lafever You know he did pretty good job last year with the With Seattle you can have them right now Well the worst animal is now dead last place again Right Well be able once they get those new Japanese owners in there man They're gonna really straighten their ass up They're gonna bring in all midgets All right Neil see you later Good luck to you Boy Excuse me 1131 at WiodD and open line in date seven five one I better put this away you know it because I could sit here and eat like a whole quarter this and that would be very bad Mmm Good stuff Eaties Pick it up at your nearby public's okay in the ice cream thing Who want take this in the newsroom okay Andy? Seriously get it out of here because I'm at least like addictive to me Once I start eating it Well give it to somebody I don't care just get in here and do something constructive instead of just standing there like you got the same Vitis dancer something Thank you so much God I'm telling you since he and Adam have been hanging out at the Warsaw Arena They just not the same and they're like useless I guess they're tired Here's Rose Hi Neil How are you doing? You're doing long time no talk Rose Not too bad how are you? I didn't ask how are you doing Do I? Yeah Well how are you doing Too bad Listen I said it's that stuff gets your brain Well speaking of the place of your employment I learned a long time I learned my lesson a long time ago not to send you or bring you anything It doesn't get to you Well what does that mean? Is that why? Is that an excuse for their interpret behavior? There is no excuse There is no excuse for that crap Because it happens It happens in every company They don't care They don't care They really don't They really don't I know that Well so maybe I have embarrassed them to a point It's just they just don't make any difference anymore You know what I'm saying? In other words like now they're admitting Okay we don't give a crap And we don't care if you drop dead And we just want you to know that Because you're always saying it anyway Which is fine at least now they're being honest Which is better than putting on a big fake act I'm glad you played that bit again Because I was happy to be able to record it It was perfect for your... Yeah Perfect for this place Exactly I had a question Considering all you've been through You're so very good What would we be reason for the long skin? I'd be able to explain that The reason for the long skin is because they had two of their pulmonary doctors They're at Mount Sinai who are panicked people And when they looked at the x-ray that they had taken of my lungs They saw two little peculiar two little markings In very unusual place Now Dr. Anger said that all it meant is that I wasn't breathing deeply enough And that I was having little problem in your lungs Which is not unusual after surgery And that just take deep breaths and it was no big deal You guys came in and made this long speech about pulmonary embolisms And about how there's these blood clots running all through your legs and all over your body And about how if they get in your lungs they can kill you And they can do this to your heart and do all of this other crap And about how I better go down and do the lung skin And maybe later we might think about doing an angel gram Which had be practically ready to jump out the window Exactly No, no, you sounded like Well I never really got to hear the phone call that you made I always turned in right after you were hanging up But you know why you see all these doctors and all they have to be involved with every Every move that you make so you can eat so they can eat and do a bill Right, of course Everybody who sticks their head in your door man They've got that little thing they sign with the time and the date And you bet they're all signing on man That's why they don't want to let you out They want everybody in a place to sign on the thing You little piece of the action And then they also want to be able to charge you for every test And every procedure and every machine that they've got inside the hospital Exactly and if somebody's not with you You're head is spinning so much you don't know who you've seen or why you've seen them The whole nine yards I'll tell you right now that fat friend should have been there the entire time I mean the guy is self-employed I'm serious I don't care how much business that he had to put on hold or whatever But he should have been there the entire time He didn't come and visit twice I'll give him that much And he's a hell of a he's a whale of a guy and all that stuff But he's the one that sucked me into doing this in the first place He should have been there a lot more of the time because I don't know anybody who's more pushy And obnoxious in bossing people around than he that's his whole specialty in life Well hopefully you won't have to go through this again Never will go through it again I won't there no way they're getting me back in there Well I tell you what you were you know what I don't mean to change subject But you were talking about your dogs and frogs Yeah We let the the one of them go out a couple about a month and a half ago And they got a hold of them and we had to rush them off to the hospital Right To and find these different but now we have to make sure we have to like go case the area Every time before we want to you know put him up because you got a big sense in your life Oh, I think you're getting a little bit curious away Well, it's well it's either that or now the only time he's blind Oh, oh, that makes a difference Well he knows the area, but he still don't know what he's running into until he runs into it Yeah, no, but especially after it rains, which is like almost every day So that's what you got to be a little bit nervous because that's when the frogs and the toads and the horny Other run neighbors and stuff start jumping over your friends and getting there Yes, that's what I meant when it basically went at rains We have to make sure that there's a thing. What ever happened? What's his name by the way? Not red. Yeah. Oh, you know what I did while you were out in the hospital You did Rick while I was in the hospital No, listen, I was listening to an old tape It wasn't too long after your stroke and you had Rick in there for the first time he had Gilbert And Joe in a whole bunch of people and you sounded so calm really Yeah, and it was a great show so I listened to that It was a great Oh my tape, but I have not heard high nor hear Yeah, well, I didn't know how those people are they're here today They're fair weather friends. Sure today and never heard from me I hope I am your friend and I do care, but I'm afraid to send you anything anymore I don't blame you. Okay, have a great day. Bye bye 24 till noon at W. I O. D. That's our good friend Rose. We have an open line in dates 751 W. I O. D. Pizza loft is back again here today Just a noji the crap audio pony tail was in here And he was given directions and supervising the copy and the catering can be done all over the place And deliveries anywhere in date. County and great Italian special days award winning Lasagna stuff. Charles Manacotti big CD eggplant parmesan Jeff and his family have been doing pizza loft for the past 17 years not 15 not 16 17 years like I mean does that make a difference to you? Torse not But it's Jeff's ego again interfering with his common sense You can even charge your deliveries or your rewarded your visa or master card At pizza loft upstairs is 69th and flagrier just east of the Palmetto some of the best pizza in the face of the earth That fugaz of pizza with a spicy sauce and spicy onions And the summertime special works this way Monday and Tuesday's only in the Neil Rogers dining room By any entree at the regular price get a second on tray for half price Monday and Tuesdays at the pizza trough And don't forget I'll be there next Wednesday a week from today on June 24th From 5 to 10 in the PM which is also ponytails birthday So come on buy and buy some of our committals house stuff and bring Jeff like a bunch of really good stuff that he can use Like maybe a certificate for a free haircut from Paul that's pizza trough 69th and flagrier upstairs at 26651-1-1 Oh, I don't know what to do that comes to us because we're not show them The new self service Mexican residence Excuse me, I like the conquistador special. Hey man, you can tease whatever you want Because I ain't gonna get it for you. We're not your mom. Oh Not your mom. No, sir. We're not the best of anything you want It's not a shival bag to make it yourself. Ah, that was great Hey, you go on. I'm gonna go pick that up for you. Why some dishes man? So for tax max with more respect Is You 142 at W. Why did we got ticket info for that guy? Hello Neil yes sir long time listener first time call her how you doing great Okay listen just for starters welcome back. I'm glad you're feeling better Sorry that you had to go to hospital, but sometimes man's got to do it man's got to do it. Right. Okay I was on my way to Orlando about a year ago and I got to pick it on the turnpike I had about a 200 extra dollars and I decided well let me do some different I went to Orlando And I got a hundred and fifty dollar ticket on the way Well in a nutshell I wanted to have the The jurisdiction changed from up there down here so I could go to court for it Because when you go to court you know you see a judgement Usually gives your break you pick a little. Yeah, you let him shampoo your hair and stuff like that Exactly. Well, unfortunately what they told me is I had to if I wanted to set up a court date I had to write a letter and I could set up a court date But I had to set up a court date in their jurisdiction. Yeah, it wasn't transferable So my information for that gentleman who called earlier is that he doesn't I mean there might be other other ways to go Consulting in attorney. I don't know but from my personal knowledge I believe that I know I the only thing I could do is pay for the ticket Then get the point. No, you know, I think you're messing the point He's looking for lawyers in the Orlando area who do the same thing That's a ticket offense team to hear there must be somebody up there who does this kind of thing. We would think Oh, I'm sorry. I missed a point then. That's okay. I'm sorry. Well Yeah, but see otherwise you never would have called with this terminal call. See so it's good that you're confused Okay, one more thing Neil. Tom. Yeah. I agree with you when you talk about our vice president. I think he's an a whole two Our vice president you would dignify this walking slime ball by even using those terms. What are we thinking about Mr. Potatohead? Okay, with his cue cards about how to spell like limited syllabic words in elementary school. He's got to have cue cards to make sure that he knows what They're all talking about and even the people are what the cue cards are. Dumber and he is. I couldn't I couldn't And he's saying to that poor little 12 year old kid is standing there and he writes it out and he's standing there very proud And now you left a little something there off. You know in a kitchen attorney around and said, hey, they left a little something off of you to when you were born asshole like a brain. God. Neil, my question is this. Yes. Have you I don't know, but have you ever heard of a president changing his vice president when running for a second term? Well, I'm not a crook. I'm trying to think I don't I'm sure it's happened sometime, but I don't I don't not in my lifetime. Yeah, I think what's happening. I think Roosevelt changed the vice president a couple of times. I'm sure he did because Truman only came along like in the third term. Right. Okay. Well, I think that's what Bush should do if you want to win this next election. Yeah, in my opinion, what's hurt him since the beginning is the a whole he has with him because I mean and to top it off. I mean we're in an election period and the vice president can't even spell to me. It's a loss cause or it's a loss cause. Good luck to us. Okay. Neil have a nice life. See you. 1145 at W. I. O. D. We have an open line in date 75 one. I have a facts here from Irene and pointin. Beaches is the kids on MTV last night asked very to the point excellent questions of governor Billy and that it wasn't too bad and that they did themselves proud and she's proud of our younger generation and they're not all like sister what's her name. I'm glad sister Slee's sister Crap's sister a soldier as in Seoul, J. Boy, what a bunch of crap got. And they just keep inflicting us with her over and over every time you turn on your TV said it's like somebody is slapping you in the face with something or somebody. Here's a lady in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. Are you doing? Okay. Welcome back. Yeah. Yeah. Me too. Sorry for that experience. Yeah. Yeah. I had one I'm telling you when I was in the house. Okay. You've got his car and wonders. I said, about hit by a car when you were in the hospital. I must have been exciting. No. No. Seriously, though. When wonders would give me medicine and I was feeling no pain. I feel so good. Okay. Now, no another nurse coming there and give me medicine. I'll be sick of the doctor. Yeah. My gut's out and everything. Doing what? You know, I mean these nurses and doctors is nothing but making good things. Yeah. I'm serious. Hey, man. Oh, we need to do something about them. Right. Cinema cost the water somewhere. There you go. Put them on a rubber boat. There you go. It's just a soldier. Neil, I got two things that I want. I want to sick call someone to good spag. Okay. Go ahead. I want to call. Mitch at the Hollywood full stamp. I made your bone head. Good spag. Yeah. Okay. And you dedicate where you want to ask all the doctors in the nurses. Okay. Okay. Bye bye. Have a good life, Neil. Bye bye. Okay. I think I'm going to break back into the hospital. 1148 Wiod. There's a lonely deadline sitting there that's just waiting for somebody with an IQ bigger than their thing at 751 Wiod. Hey, how about it? What am I talking about? I'm in co-herit. I'm talking about snapple. Hey, I mean, I know how to say it like Dan Quill, but I know how to drink it. I got to write here some snapple, diet, raspberry, iced tea, real brew iced tea. Man, you can taste the difference between this and those chemical feasts. If you ever had the iced tea in the can, I'm not going to mention what the brand name is. And it tastes like you drink it about 35 different chemicals. And it leaves that metallic kind of growth test taste in your mouth. Not snapple because there is nothing artificial in any of the snapple products. They're all 100% natural made from the best stuff on earth. No artificial colors, no preservatives, no artificial ingredients. It is delicious. And of course, coming those big 16 ounce bottles with the screw off cap. And the newest flavors to the snapple family are peach flavored iced tea. And tea flavored snapple for those of you cup fans out there who just can't handle the pressure on the emotion last half dozen days. Pick up snapple and get the habit at 711 Walgreens, Albertsons, Freddy's. At Pizza law, there he is again, man. He's everywhere like a creeping disease. At pantry pride, woolly spine foods at offeredals, Doris meets great values, sunny as original cattle bands, Gerber's beverages, and nature's way restaurants get the snapple habit and hang on tight. The opinions expressed from this program, I'm not necessarily, but it was a 610 WIMB response for the... True man for the big fight in like that. I'm gonna kick you there. NBC and Fox TV present Leno versus our Senio. It's the heavyweight fight that's all top. You're taking quite a deep and shitty. Hey, hey, hit me all you want. I'll punch mine. And who will wear them as after a duck clash of the titan? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. They don't make a big enough arsenal here. So, going his tire. It's an endless barrage of punchline. Did you see us? Who can believe this? Leno versus our Senio. Fight out who's waiting, we'll take a dive in the big fight bubble. Wait, tonight, tonight, and every night on television. Yeah, I can't wait. 5,5,3, and WIO, deed for Lauderdale. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. Welcome back. Thank you. Do you think it's possible to present a fair and coil? Mr. Coil does a good stuff on purpose just for the press, and you can see he's been most sure show this morning. Yeah. Do you think that's possible on any... No, I don't. I think President... Why do you keep the CEO planted that seed in my mind, sir? I think he's in prison, though. No, he's not the majority of the people are discovering that he's a bonehead, which they should have owned before, okay? Oh, then you know the public's mostly stupid? Yeah. Well, that's true. They found a hero. I think... Well, you know that album is stupid as they want to be. Uh, yeah. That's his favorite. I think the word for this election is on six gates. Yes. Right, your sports class. I turned it in last night by accident. On the draft talk. And what are we talking about? What's the role? Mm-hmm. The draft, of course. What? Yeah. Hey, listen, there is no sports talk in this market, okay? There... there... I've come to conclusion that to use that... It's just an oxymoron. There is no such show on any station as sports talk. It's just draft talk. That's all he talk about is draft crap. Why ask you something else to do with your name and you know? Whatever it is, I'll make it up. All right, good. Well, I was in New York. I think the suit could start to kick in George. Yep. Well, I was in New York, always called the Caribbean. Down here, I'm always called the Caribbean. Mm-hmm. But you want to be a publisher who reports supposed to be the publishers' advertisers that's Caribbean people. They call it Caribbean publishing. So is it Caribbean or Caribbean? Whatever makes you happy, okay? There's one other thing. Yeah. Um... Sounds a douchebag and bring back the bird. 1154 at W.Y. O.D., what an asshole. Uh, what is this? Who brought this in? I just... I don't get it. Somebody brought in some kind of a stupid card. And it's just a so dumb that it's a must have been from the last caller. Miami on the Starline. Oh, Neil, my goodness. You're like, you know, I can just thank God you're back. And I can tell from... Something like that. I'm not going to call. I'm not going to call. Yeah, well, I... that one put me to sleep. Mm-hmm. But you must be popular as ever because, you know, I've been here 40 minutes and it's one bit too close and then another break for commercials. So I glad your sponsors are keeping you on your way. Well, that's what we heard for you. Sorry, sir. That's all we're here for is to make money. We're not here to do anything else. That's what broadcasting's all about. We're a bunch of horrors and we admit it. I'm sorry your employers aren't happy that you're alive, but I'm glad your sponsors are there. There are bliviers. Don't you understand? There are bliviers to human feeling and need and suffering and pain and anything. They're just there. I saw that last week. I figured it out. And we could go a Friday when you call them to reconcile. Mm-hmm. Neil, a couple of quick things. You're absolutely right. The doctors are coming in there just to build your insurance company. The guy comes in with a dam. Rest-rated toy. Did you have to blow and suck on me? Yeah, I sure did. They were... I get your bill. I'm nursing there with that little toy. She says, I'm here to teach you how to blow. I said, honey, I think I'm way ahead of you. Okay. And they get you in there. And when you get your bill, they charge you for that little plastic thing. You can pick it up at toys or whatever. Right. Exactly. The doctor encouraged me to take it home with me, which I did. It's probably going to charge me a hundred bucks for it. It's 65 bucks. Really? I think you went to the wrong. 65 bucks. Yeah, for that little piece of cheap play. And then did they stick in these... Not only that, I didn't need it anyway. Every time I breathe it, well, look at that. Something has gone all the way to the... There was... I had no problem with my lungs. I didn't think so. My lungs are fine. Did they strap you into these super tight stockings? Oh, then I had forgotten all about that before you go into the operation. You put on that stupid gown and that little shower cap and you feel like grandma Moses on in heat. And you have to put on these real super tight stockings that come up all the way to your crotch. And they're so tight. And then allegedly they're there for your circulation. And what they really do is they cut off your circulation so that to make sure that you're stuck in your legs, I guess. Man, oh man, when she finally told me I could take those things off, I thought, holy crap. I can breathe. That's like my whole body could breathe. Oh, the thing is just a major ripple on that. Oh, God, all those things I've done for you. Next time you want an operation, go to Canada. I'm not having no more operations, okay? I've never gone back in. Good. Have a great day. You too. Well, these calls are sure really, I'm getting no dose. 157 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Sterline, SterioD. Boca. Hey Neil, how you doing today? Okay. Welcome back. Thank you. I got a couple of pig stories for you today. Yes. Sure, you have a little. I was going home on 95 and they had a speed trap set. And on the second end of the trap, the guy who would pursue and pull over, he was stuck in the sugar sand in the median. All right. That's flinging dirt. I love it. I gave him a nice smile. Oh, yeah. Tom, pursue and pull this, pal. Yeah. One of my guys was ran out of gas on 95. He stopped, pulled over to the emergency lane and went to get gas. He wasn't any more than five minutes. He come back with a ticket on his windshield for being, for having that running out of gas. Being a habitual runner out of gas. The top total mission, keep his tank full. Great. Yeah. And one last thing, two second last thing, there was a story about that. They busted some guy still in turtlenecks and for Lauderdale Beach yesterday. The turtleneck police. How come it is when all these punks are shooting cab drivers and killing each other and blowing up guys away in convenience stores? There's never a poker around. Okay. They're never around. It's quite the right time. Because we're in a wrong t-shirt and a Hollywood beach, or somebody is a picking up turtlenecks on Lauderdale. Man, they're right there, man. No turtlenecks are going to hurt them. Yeah. They're going to do it. No, they're leg off. Yeah. Anyway, hopefully. We, uh, there was a guy on, alongside, uh, on 95 up in Gainesville. And, uh, they go, no, I 75. And, uh, he was, uh, he saw a couple of, uh, stay true for go by. And he, uh, yelled at the trooper. He said, pig. And so the, the cop replied, redneck like that. And he got up on top of the hill. And what do you think the cop ran into? Uh, 375 pound hog. Great. True story. All right. That was a true story. Maybe there is, uh, somebody up there after all. Yeah, that, that takes time, but they get them. Sooner or later, you're right. I was saying Atlanta just as for all. I'd like to call my brother, along Mike Tash. A, uh, paint sling in, black or breathing, um, wood graining, full finish and pickle head to space. Okay. I have a good one now. Okay, calm down. Well, listen, we got wheel of meat. We got the top. In fact, I think they're using my gallbladder. They're going to slam on the table today. The top 10 tabloid trash headlines with a good old Rick and does. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Has this ever happened to you? Oh, no. They broke him. I room and stole my wallet. Oh, and I was so in the mood. You're in a strange town. I'm about to go to bed with a strange woman. When you unexpectedly find your hotel room has been broken into. And your wallet has been stolen. Your condoms are gone. It's late and there's no time to go out and replace them. She's ready and in the mood now. What do you do? Well, if you had a Mara Cona Express condoms, you could just pick up the phone and call 1-800 condom. And within minutes, one of our quicky service representatives would rush over and replace them. Because when she's ready, she's ready. And we know that won't last forever. Ask for the Carl Maldon special. It'll fit over that big hocker. It'll fit over anything. Anyway, it's 12-06 in Wiod. We do have an open line in date. Was he talking about Elaine Zoldnose? 75-1946-375-1Wiod. That's the famous Elaine Etter-Nose condom. Pompano. Oh, it helps to crunch it up, I guess. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Two things. First thing is for that guy. You've got the ticket in Orlando. Yes. There's a place up there called either the traffic clinic or the ticket clinic. That does the same kind of thing as a ticket defense team. Great. I hear the add all the time when I'm up there. Good. Second thing. Who gets the pay off when he's all star-about? For the N8 banel? What do you mean who gets the pay off? These things are totally, I mean it's unrealistic. Well, I know that. Like these fans have no clue. They jam the box, understand, eh? I mean, like, Benito San Diego. Yeah. How long has he been injured? And he's got like 200,000 more votes. He's got a lot of votes. Because they recognize the name. It's like an election when they come but always gets back in because people are so stupid. They look for the first name they recognize and then they punch it up. Why don't they just let the players do this? Because then it would be too fair. Right. Your boy more grace is in sex. And he's having a great... He's so far in a way. The superior first baseman in the national league even though he'll Clarkson a few more points right now. Mark, well, he says, oh, god. John Crooks doing pretty good too. That screw him. He's a fat slob. But what about Hachon Crook? Well, he's interesting though. No, he's not. Are we back on this again? He's not interesting. If fat out-of-shave guys in baseball are not interesting. Okay. What about Darren Dalton? Now he's interesting. But he's in the sixth. Yeah. The best catcher in the league. Right. He's interesting. Well, that's all I got to say, Neil. Okay. You have a good one. And you too. 12.07. A WIO. D.We got three open lines again. And we got half the show to go here. Which means we're not getting like bombarded with a tremendous Torrent of response here this week. This isn't the kind of response you expect after you've come back from a Newer Death Experience. I haven't been better off to go on a goddamn our city. Oh, show. And talk about like near death experiences and how I had visions of the Virgin Mary and the more is Stephen what's his name? Joseph Smith or Stephen Smith or Stephen Stills. And by the way, this chair is going to break any second. Did you hear that? The back of the chair just like with a little pop like like that? So if you think we were going to really low class out here where everything is falling apart in disgrace. By the way, I wonder did they ever fix this pot? No. Remember, Mitch Weenie was in here yesterday and I mentioned, Oh yeah, we'll do that later on. Yeah, we got to get through the back there. Okay, excuse me, but we got a dirty pot in here. And this is like on the air like it's supposed to be a real radio station broadcasting through the gigantic tall thing out in the backyard. They're called a tower. Miami. Hello. It was going on. Sir. Are you feeling great? Good. Sorry to hear that you had to have that operation. Well, it's all in the past now. It's like, you know, that anesthesiologist she did have a good point. She came to my room and she said, you know, pretty soon the dayl come and it's all like a bad memory in the past. Yeah. How did you find out you had to have that operation? Because I had gostons. I know about how did you learn about the hospital. How do you know about them? Because you're stuck in like pains in your right side. And then you go and you have like a thing done in ultrasound and they look inside at you and they see, oh yeah, look at that. There's like a little rock garden inside your gallbladder. I think I'm going to have to go because lady up and get them those damn pains out there. And I'm afraid to go. I want to go to what you want to. Why don't you try the olive oil and lemon juice. Hey, listen. If you'd rather go in your laugh and pal, I got news for you. If I would have listened, I might have been available to avoid this whole thing. Yeah, I got some quick to say before. If I get there's a guy called you a couple of days ago. And he said because you were home. He was not going to be a listener anymore. Because I'm a home home. Excuse me. Let me be free. That's okay. Faggot would be great. But he is the home one. So because, you know, if anybody has any any brain. Oh, that kid calls like 7,000 times everybody up and cross brings. He's upset because he was born with like a little like an acorn where his thing is supposed to be. He's just a big asshole. I thought well, I don't know about that part, but lead maybe an even's out. You know what I'm saying? Have a great day. You too. And watch out for those stones, man. But. Okay. Home all. That there was some kind of milky getting the supermarket. Ten past noon at W. I. Do we have an open. By the way, all the homeless are coming out of the closet on Herald of this afternoon. I bet you there'd be like a big long line of them, at least one or two deep. Why are they always doing that? All major celebrities. It's another one of these coming on in and there's the guy who used to be on. Be Weched is a dick sergeant, which one is it? Is it Dick Yorker Dick sergeant? I forget because they both played or husband on the be watched, which I love that show. by the way. And I get him confused because one of them is very dead in which is why the other one I think Dick York was the first one with the real big ears and he died and then Dick Sargent came along and he was the what's her name's husband Samantha on bewitched and he's the one that came out of the closet on the land and this is probably a repeat anyway. So they're just going to keep promoting it every week. Oh, here's another major celebrity coming out of the closet on Harado and every week it's going to be Dick Sargent, you know, or David Cassidy. It's 11 after noon at Wiod or Erica Strada or more of Griffin anyway, so to Sony dated this man, I bet you a lot of you folks are wondering, what can you put in the palm of your hand and have hours of fun playing with the Sony dated this man. That's right. It's small enough to fit in the palm of your hand remarkably easy to use and it's an electronic book reader. It is more fun than a birf-ful of monkeys. In fact, I've had that at the house last couple of days and I just can't put the damn thing down or the disc man either. It's capable of displaying thousands of pages of text and graphics stored on a removable disc and there's like a whole library of disc that you put in there. On all those amazing topics, for example, there's Roger Ebert's movie home companion. You haven't seen an ugly graphic of his fat face on there and you look up his reviews and all the different people that were just about every movie that's ever been made. And the USA today, 1990, 91 year in review and time, he'll have arts and entertainment, the international wine guide, the World Survey travel translator. It's a gas survey of restaurants, total baseball sporting news baseball. They're just a tremendous list of disc for you to put in there and just have a ball with it. It's like a reference source that puts a world of information right at your fingertips and it comes with headsets so that like there's a novel, you sit there and then like the guy reads it too in real voices. Not one of those electronic ESSABC carating. Not one of those things. It's like real voices. It's really a blast. The Sony dated this man is a learning tool for school for business and pleasure or whole world of information that can fit like I said right at the palm of your hand or in your pocket or in your briefcase. Come and check it out at your nearest brand smart location, growl yours in cyclopidias included free with every unit that you buy and it's the perfect gift for Father's day graduation back to school for anything. This Saturday, June 20th will be at BrandsMart in the sawgrass mills from 11 am to one pm. You can see a demonstration of the Sony data disc man and we'll have our Camille's house goodies and some good stuff to give away this Saturday 11 to one at BrandsMart in the sawgrass mills mall. Don't touch that dial. Coming up this afternoon at two it's Rick Briley in Sudskoman. Join us then for Rick and Suds. If you listen to the new I O D. Let's show the day time all better. You never know it by the way that they are from home. This course will tell you in all weather. It's always simple for your sunny version. Choosing agar, agar, agar, agar. You'll be out of the hole by now. No one gives a crap about any of that. It's been now in that ring of all money. And if that's all they're gonna sound. The talent is moving out. Everybody in your face through it up and on. You and Rick and Suds who are doing what they're missing and for. The mating cap they ever mean better. But all you'll ever see on the guise on the billboard. It's the coast or the sports or the weather. It's always ankle-furned sunny version. Choosing agar, agar, agar, agar. You'll be out of the hole by now. No one over lessons to that other crap. It's the talent that keeps the place running. And you've got to throw their gun at the tower. The talent is moving out. Everybody in your face through it up and on. Tune in out. Come 17, really like several hours away from your next traffic report. I want to keep you on the edge of your seat. Here's a portable and keep his game. Hey Neil, what's up? How you doing? All right. Hey Neil, what have you been for you? First you got to rest it and your house and you've satellite. Right. And now you're golfing. Go a bit or what could be next? I don't know. I'll probably get a nose job next to something. I think it's the work of Rick Stanktons. He's doing good. He had a job and you were something. Yeah, could be. Which craft? I'm trying to. So, thanks for your life. It could be Swiss craft. I'm telling you, I mean, look how many things have happened. Yeah, and it's only the middle of June, just wait. I may have took out six more months to go. Okay. I'm holding it. All right. Just be careful, Neil. Okay. Okay. Take care, Neil. Bye. Bye. 12 17 at WIOD. We have an open line in date County 751 Narosis 751 WIOD. Coconut Creek. Gail, Gail. Cute. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil, how are you? Okay. Was that all on part of one of phone? What is it, sir? This is one, the X-Cops Clear. The one? X-Miner League Cops Clear. All right. What the satellite company, satellite one over here, remember? Right. Hey, man, what's going on? Think it or no? Yeah. I'm a static. We're smoking, man. We are dynamite. It's both on his doing great. Yeah. Even at Bob Scanlon who couldn't get arrested in the Pan-E-Ray, that kid is a disaster. Really? What's going on? When's the game, Mr. Day? I don't know. Every dog has its day. A fucking good reason to party, right? Yeah. Hey, question. Satellite go bad? What? Did you satellite go bad? No, why? Or the other asshole in the 47. When are you talking about? The caller before me, if it's a satellite, we're going bad. No, no, he was talking about the problem I had with the city when they were trying to find me $80 million for being a habitual satellite offender. Oh. Yeah. No, my satellite is bad. Just a city went bad. So are you feeling me? Which by the way, I wonder if Randy from Rice International has ever gotten my thing and expected out there because I don't see any writing on my permit back there on the dish. It would be very nice sometime this year before I die if they would get the damage inspections over so it's like official before they decide they want to start. Huh? Don't be afraid to call me. Yeah, there you go. I'll think about it. Oh, thank you, Mark. Yeah, for a long time. Good. Good. Okay. And you all might have a material. I'm just glad those cops are winning. Okay. Today's seven in a row, the Saffronon sir. Like Oregon is God. What? It's Jim LaFabre really sticky. Yeah. All right, Neil. Good luck to you. Bye bye. Two open lines are both in date 75194. How come I don't understand what any of these people are saying today? It must be. I'm still recuperating. Must be the anesthesia. hasn't worn off yet because I haven't got the foggyest idea with the crappies people are talking about. Carl Springs. Yeah, ticket to Fancyman handles North Florida. Yes. It's located in South Florida in Camerac or Margator. Where the line? I swear to God, the number is 753. Well, way to Maddomeg given numbers on here. What is it called? The ticket to Fancyman does the same name as Northern Florida. No, no chance. I swear to God, then two other things. Um, after 12 20, you know, what are they sending kids back to school? Okay, at least they could learn to spell a word like douchebag or potato or something. You know, it lyrn's something. Learn something. Go get a book. Stick your head in it. Or stick something in it. Okay, God, almighty. Why do they? I'm all for whoever said put the kids in school year round. Send them to camp. Would like lots of barbed wire and electronically charged fences. And like lots of salt, Peter in their milk and just keep in common sedated and dope up all the time. Want a great restaurant in plantation? I bet you a lot of people can't find a great restaurant in plantation. We got some good ones. But Brasari Max is certainly a great restaurant. You just haven't been there yet. It's right inside the Amin entrance and the plantation fashion mall. Fabulous salads and sandwiches and delicious poster like their great angel hair pasta with taste, do meatballs and delicious oakville specialties like Oakville pizzas and Oakville double rest of chicken and Oakville Cavs liver and Caribbean style pork chops and Oakville, New York steak with Cabernet butter justice sensational menu. And don't forget they are now announcing their what is he talking about? Happy hour in the Piano Bar lounge with great drink price specials. Every afternoon, premium pours house wines and domestic beer and a happy hour appetizer menu that you're bound to love including garlicy potato crisps and oakville chicken skewers and onion crisps and buffalo chicken fingers and three spinach dip. Perfect for many of the people we've talked to today. So whether it's lunch or dinner or an afternoon snack or a drink or all of that put together, then try the Brasari Max inside the plantation fashion mall. Just two blocks north of Brasari Boulevard on University Drive right between Macy's and Sheridan at the entrance to the front of the mall in plantation. That's your honey rocky road. Buckley carmel nut. Is that you, Thomas? You got right. Okay bonus topping quickly. Okay the topping over. Oh short, but here comes the topping. Okay where we got for the topping? I think it's a wedding. That's here for the wedding. Wedding. Wedding. Wedding. All right. Wait wait wait wait Adam. You sure he was naming a topping? Oh yeah all right. Yes. Reconcepts the afternoon at two on South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 WIOD. News update from the award winning 610 WIOD news that comes up at the top of the hour. Don't forget the staff pot party. Now, seriously they're having a staff weed party today because this is the month where everybody's head out and they're drug testing and so to try to give them like a little equal footing now. They want to give everybody a chance to get the charge up again 1225 at WIOD. We have an open line in Brart. That's what I understand from marijuana mentioned a names inside the building, but some of these guys after they go over there they do their little thing in the cup and they like go out and smoke a number of the size of a mallelooka bratsy tree. That's just a room or the one side of building. Highly on the starline. Dale. Yes sir. I. It's called making up for a lost time is what it's called. Well of course. I'm a quandary here, Neil. I get a problem. That's obvious. Uh, yeah. Well of course. I don't I'm so torqued off at your management staff. Your torqued off? I am totally torqued off. I actually didn't listen all day yesterday. It is a protest but then I scanned the dial. Probably too much monkey in your round. He's probably Peter torqued off. Those I can't believe that you're in a hospital in that kind of a few. See that went over your head, didn't it? Yeah, just a little bit. Johnny Dolan from Mickey Dolan. What do you? Huh? I do one over my head. That's okay. That's right. Love the monkeys. I can't believe that you're in a hospital like that and the management staff couldn't give a crap less. Couldn't give a crap less. Why don't you believe that? I would be. I would watch. Exactly the way they feel. That's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney. Mike Disney's uh, you know what? An asshole. We know that. Even asshole. He has an asshole. He's an insensitive mindless self-centered, egotistical uh, you know, he's got an inferiority complex. He resents talent like most management. And there's people above him that also didn't do anything. I, I walk into that building every day. I'd be so dangerous and painful. I am. And then Thursday comes and I forget about it. I wish there was something I could think of that everybody could do to get together and tell them what a bunch of jerk-offs they are. They already know that. It's not going to do any good. You think that they cared. You think that they really have it. They give a damn about what you people think. Just because they're about like once every two or three months, they bring a focus group. They get about 10 more rounds together inside a holiday in somewhere. And they ask them what they think about what's on here. Like we really give a crap. It just an excuse to go out and get some free booze and meals again. That's all. Yeah, but it's like that new Billy Joel take off that you have. You and you and Rick and such are the only talent on the whole program. Like, no one's taken about that. You're making no money. You're making about that. You're making the money for the company. And that's why people are listening. And you go in and they just leave you out there hanging and can give a crap what. Well, you know what, it's mutual. Believe me. Well, all of you up there in upper IOD management screw yourselves. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Bye. 12, 28. I know he certainly speaks for the masses when he says that we have an open line on the Starline at Star IOD. Something smells in here. It's like some smell reminiscent from the hospital. I think you carried around with you. It's like that real bad aroma from when you first start getting all those poisons, the toxins from the anesthetic out of your body. And you start putting them in that little plastic bottle, you know. Oh, God is that just a just imagine what they've put inside of you. Okay. I don't want to gross you out. It is the middle of lunch hour, but just stop and think about it. If all that real foul smelling just horrible stuff is coming out of you. What have they put into you? Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. God only knows. Here's a plantation. Hey, how you doing? Welcome back. Glad you're feeling better. Thank you so much, sir. You remember you were talking about ice cream earlier in the show? You didn't call earlier like this morning? No. At 930 when you were trying to get on? No. Okay. I wouldn't talk to my ordinary. Yeah. He's a possum head. He's a jackass. If somebody would drill one more hole in his head, they'd steal his head for a bowling ball. You do know that touch. Yeah, Apollo. He's a good guy. Oh, really? Oh, really? Yeah. There's a place called Jack's ice cream parlour. Do you go boogie up near my amyorn national airport? Uh, there is. Yeah. The only one I know of is in Dania. That's the original one. They're up there by a high line. Yeah. There's one over there. They just built it. It's got the best ice cream. They've got this gallon special. Yeah. Or they give you a gallon of ice cream. And they put whatever toppings you want on it. And then they got in the back room. They stick you like a little bathtub and they surround you with hot fudge and whip nuts and they like pour stuff all over your body. Yeah. Nobody knows where it came from. Yeah. And I wanted to call Mr. Mark Linn are printable. Yeah. And Mr. Hill, no good to back or spit an ugly pitted kid do stegs. Yeah. God, then go well. I can't sit on the end. Well, wait a minute. Let's see if we can't do this for her. What do you want to see is they can go themselves? Is that what you're going to say? Yes. All right. Have a great day, Neil. And you too. Great call. See you are reluctant to put those little pinheads on there. That would happen to be an excellent call. I just a stroke of luck, I guess. Or stroke of something. Here's Boint and Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Boy, George is getting so damn defensive in there. All I got to do is just, you know, he's another, he's become another one of these little, like children. And if you don't pat him on the head and say just the right words, then all of a sudden he starts getting off psychotic. Yes. Hey, you're doing today. I can't stand people like that. Man, if you if you look at him just like just the wrong way or you don't say exactly the words that they want to hear where to give him moment is like, oh, you need to treat me bad. I'm a great little tired of that. Why is Rudy damn people? Neil, I call somebody. He's like, well, not if that's the essence of your calls here. We have to have a little verbal intercourse here first. Okay. Well, let's intercourse that's enough. Now who is it? Come, Chris from Boint Beach. Okay. Take a lunch. See you. 12 30 a WIOD. We have an open line at Broward 524 9463 and, you know, sometimes just a little intercourse is enough. And in that case, that was more than enough. For Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, are you doing great? I just got back from school. So I'm going to be able to list you. You got back from school? School. Where? University of Florida. Oh, my God. I know. It's what you mean by that. It's a middle of June. What's going on? Well, no, I had to stay down there. I had other stuff to take care of. What? Like a couple of murders or something? Yeah, right. Yeah. Manning. That was bad. That was great. I know. But I haven't been able to listen to you for a while of what I can get or your little hospital experience was pretty entertaining, huh? It was puking do things. Do you know, let me give you a young guy. I want to give you a piece of advice to carry with you through the rest of your life. Yeah. Do not let them put you in the hospital, okay? Yeah. And you're laughing. I'm serious. And if it's like a desperate emergency and that you're like life and death, make sure somebody goes with you who is there at all times. Yeah, that's the cross. Somebody who can act like a bodyguard who will stand and guard the door of your room and protect your life. Come hell or high water. I'm Tonya. Just remember I told you that. There are a bunch of butchers in there, sir. But in response to that other than that, it was okay. But in response to that sister, a soul trainer or sister, soldier, can't she be the soldier of something, soldier of hate is what she is. Yeah, well, like, what a skanky bitch. She is, huh? I know, she makes me sick. Did you see her on the bed? You see on the press conference yesterday? Yeah, I saw some clips of it. And then I wake up this morning and the first thing I got to look at is her ugly post on CBS this morning today. I know. You know, she was sweating like a pig on there. Yeah. Did you see her? She was just acting natural. Yeah, I know. They had to do the long skin on that bitch. Strat that thing over her head man and just beater to with an inch of her damn putrid life. What an obnoxious bitch. Yeah, she's obnoxious. God, well, let's kill some white people this way. Yeah, that's good. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah, I'm just disgusting vulgar. I'm gonna send the word that George mentioned this morning. We're into the sea. You have to be began then. Yeah, you disgusting vulgar. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. I put it like this. Yeah. Oh, but I'm smelling that smell again from the hospital. Oh, God, is it rank? Oh, you know what I'm talking? They're really, they're real medicinal sickly like poison Genn, like you're strapped on a little bit in Auschwitz. Yeah, yeah. Oh, over in, yeah. Yeah, over in the end. Yeah, right. Yeah. Well, they all know that material. That's obvious. You have a great life. All right, you still see a 27 till 1 at Wiod. We have an open line in Broward 524 and out of town. It's like up in Palm Beach and over there in Stuart. And all over the goddamn state, we got the 800 number there. And since the sisters are kind of kind of disabled at line, they kind of, uh, immunocized at line. It's been pretty weak. 1-800-944-Wiod. And speak of the devil, talk about the smell in the hospital. Candial air conditioning has a service that is so timely and so perfect for what I've been talking about the last three days. It's called the biotech duct sanitizing system. And if you're ducts haven't been sanitized, man, there's no telling what they're going to be doing. And duct sanitizes sanitizing is something they've been doing in laboratories and hospitals for years because needless to say it doesn't take a genius to figure out that viruses and other indoor pollutants can originate right inside those air ducts. And so sanitizing is now almost especially if you have an allergy sufferer in your home or orifice. And the people of Candial air conditioning are how to do it best. The biotech system will disinfect sanitize and reseal your entire inner surface, leaving your entire duct system like brand new. They'll be happy to give you a free estimate of Candial air conditioning, biotech eliminates microscopic algae spores, bacteria mold, dust mites, mildew, odors, and all the gross stuff that's sitting up there in your vent system, making everybody sick and just puke inducing the air that you're breathing, okay? Biotech uses a hospital proven chemical and the end result is a safer cleaner and healthier air conditioning system that's more efficient too, so they can save you some money each and every month on that disgusting F. P. N. L. Bill, cough or a free estimate today, Candial air conditioning at 255, 6439. That's 255, 6439. This fall joint is for another exciting season of dolphins and hurricanes, but the election right here on South Florida's sports station. There was one, there was another guy's ballet. What other guy? The Republican guy. Oh no man. I know I'm sorry today and want to break. Which one is your vote for? I'm not going to get into a tad. You'll freak out on me, okay? Not no way. Yeah. Which one is specific? What's his name, man? I'm not going to argue about it. The guy from CNN. Ted Turner, yes. Oh man, you voted for Buchanan. I voted for Ted Turner. Dude, why? I'm just sending police right into my pad. Why don't you send two of my ten numbers and a threat? Ted and let them come over. Ted, tell me. Man, you are like you're going to elect the thought police. Ted, Ted, this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary. Okay. I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for the other side. What? My pal, Rick, voted for a nice thing. I knew this would be nice. I didn't vote for a Nazi. 21 till 1 at W.I.O.D. on your politically astuped station. Speaking of that, here's the Malaluka Brotsy lady. Hi. How you doing? Welcome back soon to bed and join the crowd. Oh, God. I feel pretty good today's matter of fact up until this moment. Right. I saw I'm feeling pretty good right now. Well, wait. You're going to feel better when you're this a year and a half ago. I was in the hospital. You're going to have to do? Why? I'm a cancer that didn't spread tanker. Friendly. You had a walk, column cancer. Column, can't column spread. And I was lame with ID for three weeks. Not four days. I got to beat. I went through hell. I didn't think I'd make it. Really? Yeah. And I want to tell you, I know exactly what you're talking about. They brought me down stuff with the balls. It's got to blow through here. Right. Yeah. And I blew. They told me to ask you. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Your son with the eyes is that the one that's delivering in the background. He's asking you. Doesn't he? Yeah. I would tell you. Seriously, let me ask you a question. What does he do? Doesn't he work? Doesn't he like go out and play a marvelous? No, seriously. Doesn't he have a job? He's a pardon me. He works. Do you want one? We're the DJ at night. Oh, geez. Oh, why don't you send him to be sending him to be form school or something? Get him out of the house. He's too old for me for a school. Oh, he's too old to be sitting there with him on him. He's going to be form school. God. Anyway, he tortured the nurse. Why was he? He sent him over to Gilbert's house. He sent him over to Gilbert's house. God. Oh, maybe they could hold me if he doesn't ask you. Don't let me ask you something. Doesn't it disturb you that he's such like a waste of space? Well, he's athletic. He works out. He has a lot he does. He works out with what? He does. He does. He's athletic. He works out with that. He's athletic. He's athletic. He's about as athletic as Richard Simmons. What are you talking about? I'm going to receive a workout. Oh, God, please not while not on lunch hour. What? Do you read? Do you? Yeah. I want to tell you. I know what you're talking about. I didn't think I could have arrived. I swear to God. Well, I'm glad you know what I'm talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. And I want to tell you something. I have no allergies to my malaluca bratsy trio. Okay. In fact, they're doing just fine. Well, that's great. I'm going to sit out. It's the sun ever comes out again. I'm going to sit on my patio and get a little sun and the relax and get my life back in order. Well, Mr. Next week, captain, as long as you're happy and I, I'm so glad that you're back with us. Right. I missed you. Well, I'm home. I want relaxation. I want to be left alone in the pool guy and the plant guy in this guy. And everybody stay the hell away and stop bringing my doorbell and stop calling and pedaling crap on the phone. God, I hate that. I hate it. You know, Neil, which you would tell me back at the standard. They put me, they give me this talk that drank now. I thought that's a very amenemise with that. Yeah. And then they put me in this room with them and they put me through a tube. And I was scared to death as scanner. Then I heard a voice, I read you point. I couldn't imagine where it came from. I think it was an experience. Like, I thought I would sit down and stay. Yeah. Well, let's maybe someday. Maybe someday you'll come back. Right there. Yeah. That's what I said. We're all saying have a great day. Have a great day, tree lady. Okay. Bye bye. Okay. Tell your son to butcher up. But he does have a great collection of a cartridge family albums. 1243 at WIOD. We have an open line. I think I'm joking. In date County, 7519463 751 WIOD. I always think in wait a minute. You know what we need? Do we have what was that jingle that says is something WIOD because I was thinking it would be great if it said WIOD. When that be cute, that would be cute. Let's put together a jingle that says WIOD. That would be great. That could be like our whole jingle package for the station. We'll get Mike to call it and put it to choreograph it for us. Here's North Miami. Hello. Welcome to your jingle station. Listen, did you get the answer to the question about Dick on the witch? About Dick? About the witch was the right dick? About the dick on the witch. Dick's sergeant, I think, right? Or Dick you? I don't know. I'm pretty sure Dick York is the one it's dead. Sure, his last thing was in smoke. Seriously, are you listening to me? Stop trying to be a comedian. Dick York is the one it said. You know the difference between the two? Dick York had the big head in the big dumbbell ears. He was the first the dick. And then the second one was Dick Sergeant who's got like a smaller head in smaller ears. Okay. Can I call someone to go ahead? You're going. Jeff Reardon from the boss and red socks is a rag arm no arm. Yeah. Plus throwing. Happy beard though, too. Okay. Have a great life. Tom to see Victor Kiam. I see he's on there right now. What a hell of a guy he is. I'm Mr. Sports. 1245 at Wiod. We have an open line in date County 7519463. I don't know. I do like that show though. I will say that probably two of the greatest shows in the history of television were bewitched that I dream of Jeannie. And I always liked Larry Hagman when he was on I dream of Jeannie. Then when he got on Dallas and whatever else he's been on he just oh god I just can't stand him. And he wound up with David Johnson disease where like big chunks of his face like started moving into all different parts of like his ass and his chin and right? He's got that horrible. I don't know what you call that of then David Johnson syndrome where a guy gets to be a certain age and then all of a sudden like parts of his whole head are moving like on his arm and his uh, puppet and all over the place. He looks just gruesome. But he looked okay when he was on an extreme a genie. I'll say that. And also like like what uh what was the guy um, bellows major bellows? He was the best. He was absolutely dr Alfred. Who was it? Dr Alfred bellows. Well excuse me and then there was also Alfred on Batman. Oh and that's the big new thing now. You know it's not bad enough that the uh first Batman movie was such a piece of direct which it was. But now the big thing is they were promowing this morning Batman uh not too but they got a return the return yeah return this okay return the sender. What a pathetic future. I mean they don't even have Robin and they're what the hell was Batman without Robin? He was his word not as pedophile. Probably lonely I guess is the answer to the question. Horny here's a lady in Key West. Hi Neil. How you doing? Good how you? I'm doing great. I'm so glad you're back. Me too. Well I almost mean that you know it as much as I despise this place. It's almost good to be back here in lieu of the alternative. Is that shows how bad it must have been? It was horrendous. Yeah so you're all recouped. Yeah and I'm pretty well I got just a little you know it takes several days before all that heels up inside and a little bit of uh internal discomfort just a tiny bit and I got black and blue the size of Siberia but I'm not I'm feeling better than before I went in. Well you sound great. I do. Yeah I can't get you guys down here. Why not? I don't know it's not coming in. So can you put me on hold? Sure. Okay well maybe we'll go back on Simon Caston Key West again like we did there not. Not. Yeah Howard gets filled with off you Washington and Los Angeles I get Key West for two months. We are this company really knows how to do it man believe me. Yeah they're the best. I'm telling you. Hold on. Okay thanks Neil. Okay have a great life. You too. Okay keep around there for like a couple of seconds. The opinions expressed in this program and I'm not necessarily those of 16 WNOD responses. How about the levels these are those? You know fat rich reminds me of my mother. 1251 and WIOD the starline D weight nonia there if you have bell soft mobility pick it up and just the stick of fingerwork to in it at stario d for Lauderdale. Yeah how you doing today? Great how are you doing? If you can help me with I don't understand this. Yes I'm I'm a diard cubs fan. Yes okay and I'm wondering why here's back I got arrested for scalping some tickets I was going to make five dollars on a ticket. And now I'm going back up there over the next weekend to see the cubs and and now over the next week wait wait a minute over the next weekend. Well actually it's 27. I'm going to go there. The fillies? Yeah and the cubs. Not really. It was fast my ass a little bit. Now I go through a ticket broker and they're wanting to charge me $30 for bleachers. Right because that's legalized deliveries. What is that? What it is? I can tell you got a license to steal is what they got. You're right you're absolutely right if you go out and make if some poor slot makes a couple of bucks scalping and it doesn't need the tickets you're going to wind up with your ass and jail and they're going to put you in the electric chair and everything else but if somebody makes a business out of it hey then it's okay. You know I'll have to make five dollars. Right and they had to make your life miserable. So once you crap sir it's part of everything that's wrong with America sir. I'm not. I'm not not that. In fact anybody that's selling their cubs tickets ought to probably get a medal for intelligence. Oh exactly. Exactly. That's the thing you know it's just poor Mark Grace. He didn't get a respect. I you know I have been thinking that all season long because I happen to like Grace and I've always liked him and here's a guy who's like Mr. Hussle he's like always enthusiastic he's like a cheerleader he hits like three something every year he leads the team and walks he's up there in our BI's he's like Mr. Clutch is on base percentage leads to the team but hey we don't want him. What's they did everything in our power to get rid of him. Yeah well he's too good for us he that's the problem. We don't want to have too many good players because see if he has too big of a year then he'll want a lot of money and that's that seems to be all these teams care about anymore is let's get rid of everybody who's going to want a lot of money. Like Dawson you know he's having another great year well we're not going to sign him anymore because he's going to want too much money and Sandberg's got all our money now. Next your matrix is going to want all our money. And she deserves it and she'll get it. We got look we got four players on that team okay you got Maddox you got Sandberg and Dawson and Grace that's it that's the end that is the end the rest is just mediacritty man that's it you got four great players on that team and that's it unbelievable not to mention hector I'm hitting 125 villain away from oh and he great huh yeah I'll tell you if he could hit his weight we'd be in fat city I'll tell you that. Thanks what don't do it again okay yeah the turtle leg police up there and four louderdale man they're just there how is it that they're under every bush under every rock under every overpass behind every palm tree we can't find any man parman to protect you in your house and your store out on the street anywhere in a classroom they're shooting people all over the nobody's safe and is goddamn country but all you have to do is scratch your ass with a wrong finger man oh the the finger police are here God gonna come and cut your fingernails off it's very least we have an open line in date 75 one we don't care because the American people are like in law law land they're willing to give away all their freedoms all there anything that up here so long as they can watch current affair and not so hard copy that's all they care about is the latest scandal and the latest big to do and who's having a fist fight over this and what's sister soldier guy to say about that and all his other crap crap pola that's what the public is obsessed with his crap where the hell did they get the H. Ross Paro from Larry King I can't think of any worse crap than that okay talk about crap what's he got on tonight fashion designer Oleg Cassini takes a look at why oh listen to this at what we should and shouldn't wear so for all you sheep out there who want somebody to tell you what to think and what to wear and what to watch and how to feel there you go just to an end Larry again to that all you sheep that want somebody to tell you how to live your goddamn lives who can't thank for yourselves for a minute if your life depended on if they held an oozy to the side of your head you couldn't decide which hand a wipe with that's how indecisive and weak and wippy you are god they got it on their right now on headline news they got all these women wearing these like a sex with the like uh rings in their nose and things up their armpits oh yeah that's what I'm gonna get that that's in now gonna put my shoe where my ass is and my uh earring where my uh nose is that looks good that's the instile now it's in a colleague stupid kids with their like nicknames brazen the shaved into the side of their ass in their hair that's that's great that's classy man that's in my Emmy hello yeah yeah near yes sir hi how you doing pretty good glad to hear your back thank you so much even though you had such a horrible experience well that's why it's great to be back there are few there are few things that this could be better than and that's one of them yeah I was done you to do the olive oil I you were right you were right but the worst of cut a bit was a crappy experience I was noticing how come both of the male actors on the show there I love genie work both name Dick seems a little more than coincidental yeah I think it's something we probably how to investigate you're right because you see it if it's named from the form book then she'd be starting to Dick yeah or if he was a little higher up than that he could might be major Dick huh yeah he would yeah you'd hold yourself all right ever okay oh anyway George he thought I was taking my voice why I don't know how old are you I'm 20 you're 20 and he still sound like that yeah well they'll drop someday ever great day pal all right you see okay that was the major Dick on the phone there 1257 a WIO did we have an open line in date county 751 what was his name is name was Darren right the characters name was Darren on be which and I'm pretty sure because nobody is really helping me out because nobody knows anything about the actors or Dick or anything else in this audience Dick York was the first one and I think he's the dead one well don't we have the TV book down here wait a minute oh yeah we got it here it is right here this will kill a couple of seconds and probably empty out the lines in the process I don't care this is more important to me I want to find out oh there's the Brady by show it's he's I wonder if that was like symbolic since her allows haven't that show today what am I looking for be which a bitten by be which here we go um Paul Lend also did and also well uh Agnes more head Dick okay here we go Dick York 64 to 69 I was right Dick's sergeant 69 to 72 so Dick's sergeant is the one that's still alive Darren Stevens and he's the one that came out of the closet on Harald O and he's got a boyfriend and he's a hell of a guy here's a market hello yeah yes sir Neil you're a foot yeah well nice try have an open line and Brian he couldn't even get it out couldn't even get any have to go to the dump on he just couldn't get it out he had a finger in there so tight he just couldn't get that baby out what a shame here's a lady in South Miami behind Neil thank God you're all right yes thank the Lord for the night after all they they put you through yeah through the ringa yeah we missed you we're glad you're back and all right I um I had surgery three years ago on on my ear and now I'm having another ear infection and I'm having more of this uh they call it a cyst on the ear but it's really called colasty atoma so I had that removed three years ago right now I find out that that the surgeon that did my ear three years ago had a choice between making a small opening and making a large opening you know carrying down more this is the Neil Rogers one to two hour you got a problem with that oh I'm all better you never know it's like the way that they are from home we just of course I'll tell you it's always a couple for you twenty first and Joseph gather gather gather gather go buy now no one can't cry about any of that it's been how it that brings our money and if that's all they're gonna sound that talent is and I tune in out very classic thank you so much don't know seven it's kind of that six-hounding organ on that bit that really kind of adds that little touch to it nothing like a sick organ we have two open lines are both in Broward five two four wiod and let's do portsey Lucy hello Neil yes sir yes I'm just wanted to discuss about since you said you just recently hadn't gotten out of the hospital we had a little tragedy here we're a family member had gotten in an automobile accident from someone not paying attention on the road and when they took them to the hospital it was just the traffic stick to watch and I understood when you said you must stay by someone when you're in a hospital they let him sit on a gurney on a backboard bleeding from his head for two hours yeah oh yeah and then they never cleaned any of his wounds up and you went to ask the personnel for some action and they all walked around like what are you talking about right and then what if in due time we'll get to it just leave us alone we have some people here with headaches in the scrape for any of the summer yes they took the individual bitch hit my family member and actually before him with just a bruise soaps shoulder yeah and released in first is an ad nice and I'm like what do they teach you people in my school had a to know their ethics in moral well ethics in morals man where do you come up with those words they never heard those things yeah that's true it's true now it's just the travels they only teach him one thing and that is how to get their name on the things so that the insurance makes sure that they can send a bill yeah you know I'm I'm serious you should check out make sure you got your girlfriend take it out or you're not possible it's very possible if this is I did just beat the hell out of me with a baseball bat while I was under anesthesia that's possible I dropped some cookies and donuts in there and said hey you know right you know it could be we're talking to no yeah I hope they weren't famous in it so I'll tell you that I'll tell you why that's so man look out it's a shame though and you know what they said over dinner sir yes no they said over dinner I'm listening quail on potatoes have a great one oh one oh nine at W. I. O. D. that's the new popular dish in America these days quail in taters open line in Broward 5249463 and one on the out of townline and you're better call on a 800 number we're going to come and beat the crap out of you with a very very heavy baseball bat once used by Dave Parker 1-800-944-9463 let's do Miami hello that's a good sound in it I like that that's excellent let's do a four-laterdial on the starline kind of a tough act to follow yeah speaking of nice and polished quick not argumentative no I was in fashionable upscale Rochester New York last week finally you home of the red wings absolutely they thought not good man are they in trouble good all your all fans don't get too cocky okay because that's your number one minor league team by the sound of it silver stadiums coming down to it is yep they want out what what do you mean they want out apparently the family that owns them I'm not sure if it's a silver family anymore it's somebody else but I could say one out of the business I thought they were doing so great the team sucks the town is really kind of lost interest in I'm not putting by got them red wing hat in downtown Rochester it's like nobody cares yeah by a bison hat so anyway I was sniffing the lilac in the roses for you had a garbage platter in the kaho's thought about you and your gallbladder yeah and uh I'm not great I can go up the summer dot and bob's a week in and eat about twenty white hot's and not even have to give it a second passing thought or pass it on low night I didn't know if you're alive or dad so I didn't bring you to anything back but I'm glad you're alive well believe me I don't need anything just little freedom just to be left to hell alone now you sound great the last couple day I do I really do keep it up to that you feel better yeah in closing hangover to the worst radio program last night but so what's unusual about that he is in dora and some drag queens what's he's not just ain't goldberg he's a hippo problem yeah you certainly is he's the best well including Larry King brush limba a tross perola your old douchebag okay yeah see ya twelve minutes after one a wio d two twenty eastern daylight time this afternoon the cops will begin their move towards second place uh all alone in the national league east there's seventh in a row Mike Morgan is on the mound today confidence is running tremendously high mark races harder than a pistol he's got that new uh butch haircut and man we are kicking ass and the secret weapon is Sammy Soses on a bench that's what turned us around when he fractured that damrest he couldn't I'm telling you this guy he couldn't get a hit in a penny arcade he couldn't get grandma Moses with a baseball bat from two inches away that's how bad he is he's pathetic and dumb it's one thing we specialize in is a lot of dumb players okay like Jerome Walton he's another one a rocket scientist on the loose hey goldberg is your host for another goldmurgan night where you show tonight at eight you stop when you say I can't have an orgasm just driving down i 95 I'm probably doing that every Passing to AAA anscar worst happened Quiddlestay season on Power Billings  torque this year And the system has sets at war increasing its political plan out of your face. On 16 a WOLD, here is a lady in Miami? Hi New York. Hi. I'm so glad you're back with me too. Me too. Me too. You know when I heard your voice that day, I just said he has a tear to throw down my face. I was so upset. And you know that there was a man called he was sound like such a wonderful person. I'll go down there and I think all your listeners were ready to go down with guns raw. Well what the hell were they waiting for for crowd out loud? No, Leo. I don't know because this man said what can we do? What can we do? And Rick and such was saying, why do you just have to leave it alone? Yeah, leave it alone. That's good. And how could you say that? When you were in such desperate situation. Yeah. I was in the hospital for ten days, Leo. I didn't have an operation luckily. But I was, I was such an absolute nervous wreck. Well that's what they specialize in is making you nervous and psychotic and feel that you're going to die. And that without them you haven't got a chance. And of course, that gives them an excuse to do any kind of expensive invasive procedure on your body. Because you know, they make you feel that if you don't let them do it, that you're probably either going to bleed to death. If you're going to have a blood clot or you're going to have a this on the brain or up your blood or something. And you know, I said to my doctor, please. And they're just all standing out there at the cash register, ringing and ringing and ringing away and catching around right. You bake your people to take you out and they say, what can I do? Where can I take you? You can't take yourself to another hospital. Take me to a nunnery. I'm like you, Leo. I need to have a very simple little cataract sample by site. Piece of cake. There's another one. I'm not going to do anything. They stick a piece of cake on your eye. I'd be careful. I am, I am just, I'm really praying that I don't go blind. But I am so paranoid going through that ten days that I won't take somebody with you. Make sure you take somebody with you. Somebody who's obnoxious and loud and disgusting. Well, do you know I stayed with family member for two weeks? I only went home about 15 minutes a day to take a shower. And I went home to take a shower? Yes. I left. Well, I see the other person was in there. I said, yeah, okay. And I got it. I tell you, you just go crazy. I want to just take that person bodily out of there and say, let come what may. Right. Exactly. You, you're, like, come what may. Well, Leo, you know. I can't say it in the hospital. They all keep running on. We need. Right, Omar. That's right. We need to organize. We, the people. Right. You start. Let me know when you're finished. And do something. Right. To get a little better situation. I'll call your breath. You and he'll now. And I'll call you up and let you know what it is. Oh, Leo. But it's like having to back. All the time. Kevin, for. Yeah. Would you do me one favor? And what is that before you say goodbye very soon? I love you so dearly. Yeah. Do you have still around dear Bill Colter's recording? You depressed me. Yes. Would you play it sometime when you can? I sure will. What I can. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bye. Come on. You are a deal. It's just a different. Merrill. One of delicious. Different. Merrill. One. But just catches you by surprise there. I mean, it's just like shifting gears real fast, but not bad. Not bad, Adam. Adam was the one responsible for that. By the way, I just mentioned that on the years since he has this obsession. Obsession. You ought to see some of these chairs. We got in here, man. It night late at night. He starts like puffing on the edge of the cherry. Just goes nuts. Hey, listen. He passed the test with flying colors yesterday. Okay. So you can cast all the dispersions that you want. We don't have anybody in this building who is the least bit interested in my altering substances. Okay. And all you goody two shoes out there who are taking all of your prescription drugs that are turning you into an abacromy and zombie. I say, he'll buy yourself. Get thee to a nunnery or something. 21 after one at WIO day. That's what they're going to be saying on Haralow this afternoon. Isn't it? Get thee to a nunnery? Or get thee some. I'd you like to. Hey, pizza loft. You want to get some? Some good pizza? Some good Italian goodies like they're award-winning lasagna. And great baby cow parmesan. And stuffed shells and manacotti and big zidi in their fabulous eggplant parmesan. That tastes just like you're eating something even more exciting. And don't forget they'll cater your little good together. Anywhere in date, cady, they can cater a party for as little as four bucks per person. They will deliver to wherever you are. And of course, you can even charge your delivery or your order right in the adjoined. On your visa or master card pizza trough doing it right for over 17 years. Now upstairs at 69th in Flagver just east of the Palmetto like a legend in the Italian food industry and in Jeff's on mind. And don't forget I'm going to be there next Wednesday. It's going to be some kind of bash 5 to 10 p.m. With all our Camille's house stuff including those new needles. It's kneels fault t-shirts and the other good stuff. And it's Jeff's birthday also on that day. So let's have just a tremendous bash. Next Wednesday night 5 to 10 at the trough. Don't forget to summertime special. It pizza loft every Monday and Tuesday only in the Neil Rogers dining room by any Entry at regular price. Get a second on tree for half price. Only at the trough called 2665111-2165111 and give Jeff a big kiss on the tail. Catch the latest news traffic and weather info each morning with Mike Grinary in the morning information team just before the Neil Rogers show. The man from California who didn't have a tan. The man who found a great fun to rip his fellow workers but wouldn't rip himself turned into a snippling crying complaining can the ass. The man who finally showed some similar subintelligence. What he had to say since got the hell out of town. One of the few men who could actually go back to an old job in an old town. Telling old jokes and doing even older bits. We so moved you out of spending. So far there's never seen a bigger paranoid. A bigger mapshammer. A bigger crime maybe. A little spirit. You're a complete asshole. Well those were the days. Sure, miss him. 126 at W.I.O.D. sunrise. Neil. Yes. Did you see the you know that you happened to catch the movie once part of the movie. Yeah. Did you watch it this week? I haven't. I haven't. I don't get the last part. So why should you be on a different one? All the other rest of huh? Well I mean you know I guess he jumps in the truck. He jumps himself or jumps. But there's no. He doesn't. What? Neil. He's James Woods is in the garbage truck. You know in the back of the truck where the thing is grinding everything up. Right. He's in there. Yeah but did you hear the two shots before that? No. Yeah. There's two shots. Yeah. I got to watch the whole thing over again. No. Good shot. When then you. I never even heard that. Yeah. I mean I could understand if you. You know there's so many different interpretations and then there's some smart ass who said that the whole thing was like supposed to be an opium trip that what's his name was on. The rock or dineiro. And that it was the whole thing was just a dream. Which if it was then why waste four and a half hours of our time. Right. That's somebody else dream it. But I still enjoy it. I understand everything about the movie except that last part. Well now you know why he's got such bad zits. If you had one of those things grind your face up you'd probably look pretty bad too. As in crater face. Oh it was a great movie though. Yeah it's excellent movie. I like that. I never you know the Jews I guess can get pretty wicked themselves. Well they were all Jews. Well now they were headed by them but they're good ones for the Italians. Right. Well the Italians always have a good sense of humor. There you go. Listen I got a little story for you. Yeah. Uh friend of mine got uh hidden ahead with a baseball. He has bleeding from his nose and his mouth. Okay. And uh the paramedics would not touch him. Why not? They did want to get blood on him. Oh I see okay. Listen. When he did get blood on him they yell at him. Yeah. They don't want to catch anything that's right. They're all psychotic. They stuck him in the emergency room. So they only want to touch you if you're like in very uh you know perfect condition. If you're like in pristine condition then they might think about touching you. Right. Nobody touched him and so he got uh to the doctor. I kept saying to Omar here touch this he kept saying get serious. So you know that that was pretty. So in other words if you're like bleeding and you're puking and you're dying forget because then they're afraid to touch you so um wife and wife the time. Yeah. Did you see that part of the three? What? Did you see that part of the three? Of course. You're asking about movies that are older than Methuselah. That was a good one. That was outstanding. That showed how it was. It's outstanding and a majority of the people who's country are still too if you're dumb to figure out about the pope and all what the story was about because we're dealing with more on to think potatoes something that device president is sitting on. The Catholic religion is so crooked. Oh, which one ate? Well that one more story. It's all a matter of degrees sir. Yeah. It's all a bunch of crap. Richie's organization. All a bunch of money grab and stuff. They got all these billions of dollars and the guys running around and address. I mean what the hell is it all about? Yeah. The Catholic religion's got billions of millions of dollars but they have to have a car washers to put it in school. And Ben don't forget bingo. Yeah. Explain that one. Yeah. Figure that out. I can't. Well it's a good place to hide in the closet. I'll tell you that. Now you're talking. Yeah. If I told a priest they're going to be on herald of the sector now. Go by and see ya. 130 a WIOD. We got two open lines in their both and bro. That's a damn shame isn't it? At 5249463524WI. Oh. D. Here's a pig reporting Miramar. Hello. Yes sir. Ed? Yes. Pig report. Yes. Yes. Neil? Yes. Okay. We have a pig report on the motorcycle. Fortress on bikes. Yes. In Miramar 60 second. This is one point of speak. And you won't take it pulling cars over. Great. Okay. Porkers on bikes. Okay sir. Thank you. Obviously you're very, very much out of material. Open line of day County 751 WIOD is a mobile and Jupiter. Yeah. I think we were with. What? I said I think he was out of material. Yeah. When he started. Listen. I was listening to you know. I don't think the cubs are out of the yet. Do you? No. We're not out of it yet. We're working on it. But they've once sixth straight ahead. Right. We're smoking man. We're in second place. And we're only 100 games behind. We're doing it. We're catching up with all the other crab teams. I was listening to P. Rose last night appeared. Bad mistake. Bad mistake. I tell you what he really ate. Too bad. Really? A little bit more sense than I thought. Well that's good. But he was. He was. They were talking about the cubs to. And he said don't count amounts. I figured. If he says they're going to be okay. Then it's okay for me. Because he's got the inside of all the odds. He's got the area back. You sound pretty good. I feel great. I sound great. You do. Have a great life. Okay. Tell Pete to get a haircut. 131 a W.I.O.D. and Tom Relief Ray Fossie alone. Okay. For God's sake. Cut it out. Pete. Stop being Mr. Macho man. Stop trying to prove it. Everybody would have an idiot. You know, run your head through a fence or something. We're not impressed by that anymore. We want to call her and Broward on that open line. We're not really sure. We're not really sure. I just mentioned passing 524Wild. Here's a good call on Hollywood. Hi Neil. Yes. I kind of wish you had to made it. Yeah. I like your show. Yeah. Your sense of already. I can tell. No, I'm not sensitive at all. Sir, I don't give a crap what you say. Okay. You're just another voice in the wind. Okay. Just passing time. Just trying to be a wise guy. I'm just trying to be creative and clever. I listen to the show every single day. I'm not a little dear waiting now. But you just want to show your face to the audience in a bent over a position. Well, the thing is when people call with their problems. Yeah. You don't want to hear it. That is correct. You're not absolutely right. Right. But when you have a problem. That is right. Then I spend a lot of time on it. But you know why? Because this is my show. Okay. The show centers around the host. That's right. If this was like the David Letterman show, it would center around David Letterman. I don't hear it. It was your show. Absolutely. David goes on and on about this bitch that's living in his house that keeps moving in there. David is whining and carrying. I mean, we're sick and tired of hearing about it already. That's true. I'd rather hear if somebody moved into your house and you couldn't hear from them. It would be more interesting already. Although I hope they do. And I hope they got it gone. 133 a WTOD. We have no well. He wanted that. He wanted a little bit of hostility there. It just stimulates his juices a little bit. And in this town, it ain't easy. Believe me. To our asvilladel, he Thursday. Right. I'm not going to eat any of that. No, seriously. I'm not going to eat anything here anymore for about like about a couple of weeks. So, do you realize how good I could feel if I get under about 187? If I get under that, I will be in such tremendous shape as great as I feel and sound right now, which I would say is pretty God damn good. It could be incredibly. It could be so what could it be? Incredible. I'm going to like Dan Quayle. I can't speak. I can't spell. I can't think. It could be pretty damn good is what I'm trying to say. Although we do have an open line in Brower to gain it 524 in different 524. WIOT. It's not that I don't want to hear about other people's things, but they, most people don't know how to be concise. And they don't understand that we've only got a couple of minutes for each sucker on the line here. And we don't have like hours and hours and hours to go on with every pathetic detail and every grotesque and agonizing aspect. And even I, and I spent a lot of time on my thing, because I think it's in good education for everybody else to learn from my misfortune. But I only scratched the surface of it, right Omar? You bet. Scratch this. Oh, put me back on it, stretch your OK and bring Omar back in one more time. 26 till 2 at WIOT when the owner of an 92 Toyota 4 runner brought a bodice truck and brought it. The salesman suggested that he put in a low jack, the Stoom vehicle police recovery system. And it was pretty damn good advice as it turned out, because the 4 runner has become a target for thieves who steal them and ship them to central in South America where they bring serious bucks for the car thieves. And the good advice paid off five months later for this guy, the red 4 runner was stolen from the front of the owner's business. And our in 15 minutes later Metro Dave police began tracking the vehicle and the 4 runner was recovered with only the tailgate locked damaged. So why not follow your car dealer's good advice and have low jack total protection installed in your car. Choose from three systems and addition below jack retrieve ask about the low jack prevent or low jack alert for total protection against both the amateur and professional car thief. It is surprisingly affordable in the best part of it is it works. It really gives you the protection and security that you're looking for. If you'd like to arrange installation right over the old phone or get more information, just call Elaine there's no obligation. She'll be more than delighted to give you the straight poop 1-853 low jack. That's toll free 1-800-535-6522. The opinions expressed in this program and I'm necessarily those of 610 WI would be your response. I'd be very happy to be very happy. And I made root hand signals to some guy who almost ran me off the road. And oh yeah it's been 2000 miles since my last confession. I'll tell you what see three hail berries and half your oil. Thank you father. Would you like a nice hot-hebber pie to go with that much oil? I have no thanks. All rated, pulpharid can leave you're often adorned. Introducing the fast-efficient way to get it off your chest. It's the all new 2-ton towel drive through confessional. No my child and where come 2-ton? If you committed 10-sensor less, try our sinners expressly or cut inside. And meditate at the shrine to our lady of the loom job. It's all of the 2-ton towel drive through confessional. Stop by this week and get a free 2-ton towel or go to hellbobber sticker. Just look for the clown in the clerics college. 2-ton towel. Close Sunday. Just stick there right out the window. My son 21-2 at WIOD. See if we can hear your problem right? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi. I wanted to tell that guy who's worried about you not listening to anybody's problems. Hey, we've got it off, but you ought to have one. Exactly. Exactly. I was trying to find him. He's just trying to be a don't you understand these people that think they're being cut by stirring the pot. Oh, don't provoke a tour. Before they light it. Yeah. You were asking about Dick York and Dick Sergeant, the difference between them and all. Oh, not the difference between them. I mean, one's alive and one was dead and one is straight and one is straight. And one was gay and one was bad. A big head and one's got a little head. Yeah. And one had big ears and one had smaller ears. Yeah. I was looking up this, uh, Dick York is dead. Yeah. So he died February, February 20th of this year. Of this year? This year. 1992. Dick York? Yeah. The last couple years. He had such bad hips. This is he might he couldn't leave the house. But he was on the phone a lot. So is that why they replaced him on the show? I mean, that was, uh, no. No. He had an accident filming a movie back in 1969. It says all the muscles on the right side of his his spine got torn away from the spine. Jeez. And he was in constant pain for the rest of his life. God. And finally, around 1969, he just went into because both of us sit on the, on the, on the set one day. No, I think, what I think what's your name did it? No. The mother. Yeah. I really do. She probably did it. Well, that was her name. What was Agnes Morhead's name? And Dora. And Dora. There you go. Yeah. But that was basically what happened. That is a great show, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. It was very good. I mean, the last couple years after they had Adam. Yeah. But, uh. The best, the best scenes were always when, uh, Major, whatever his name was, would come over to the house. Major. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Doctor Bob Bay. No. Doctor Bellos. You talking about Adrian. Did you know? Doctor Bellos. See, I, I, I, I, intermixed the two. Doctor Bellos is on the, I, Jamie, we're like I said the best on etchery's when he would come over with his wife to the house. Right. And all his goofy stuff was coming up. On the way to minute, who was the guy on, No, a way to minute on be which. Who did he want us? Who? Glad us craved. No, no, no, no. Who's the guy he worked for? Larry. Larry. Larry. I'm getting him and major Bellos confused because they were both like the, uh, Superior, uh, guys in a show that the, uh, has been worked for. Yeah, but Larry was not to get. No, but when Larry and his wife would come over, that was always the best because there was always, always, horrendous stuff that was going on that nobody could explain or believe. And that was always the best. May always thought the other was cheating on them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, uh, not just one which, you know, because I got this magazine with this, uh, the last interview he did in part of his autobiography. So, anyway, um, you were talking about horrendous hospital stories. Um, you know how most a lot of doctors went into the military to have them pay for their medical school. Yeah. Friend reminded two tours in Vietnam. He was a, a brain-brave as a paratrooper. I can't, I don't have to tell you what he kind of things he went through. So he comes back to the state. They put him in a VA hospital at some Virginia. So, you know, just to check him out before they will let him go. He got dysentery in the hospital. And a horse. A horse. Of course. Of course. We're also going to find the assortment of germs they got but in the hospital. Yeah. Vietnam, my scratch. Right. Exactly. They've got like, it's like a smorgasborg of germs and, uh, vermin and crap. And that's where a lot of people go to get their medical degree. That's where they go to get sick. Right. Well, listen, have a great day and thanks for the info. You're welcome. See you. Right. As in that morning info team. A 143 a W.I.O.D. We have an open line in dates. 7.519463 West Palm Beach. He's not just tank all burned. He's just a soldier in drag. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Okay. Coconut grow. Hello. Yes. Hi, Neil. Hi. I wanted to ungrad your back. Um, my roommate. This is birthday. They're turning 40 as names John Clark. Your roommate is having a birthday today. Yes. And he's a total fanatic. Also, I want to tell you that you should be doing commercials for coming get it. They started using coming get it on my dogs last week. Right. I don't have any please anymore. I told you. I know. There you go. The best dog food invented in the history of the human race. And of course, my mother, my interfering wonderful mother comes over to my house for a couple of days when I was sick last week for three long excruciating days. And she starts talking back to our food. Doesn't look very good. And I'm trying to explain her that they've been eating it for over two years. No. And it's the only thing that keeps them healthy and they love it and they eat it. And their skin is great. And I got no fleas and no problems. She's also the same person who insisted to me that they got fleas which they don't. No, they don't. No, they don't. They don't have fleas in eight days. Great. Well, happy birthday John and your major disrespect. Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye. Come and get it in the purple bag at a supermarket near you. I've told you your dogs will love it and they'll lick you from head to toe. And in places where they refuse to lick you in the past, by the way. Here is a sunrise on the starline. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Let hear you, OK. I'm great. And a wife and I both just had surgery. And I had to mistake it going to be better in hospital. You may not have better in hospital. Right. Right. And my bill for three days. And then my private room. So my private. Yeah. And the room was made of $27,000. No. Yep. And the twenty seven thousand dollars per what? I just had my surgery as a fusion of my necklaces. How and a half long. Yeah. But the doctor bill was ten thousand and they were like, seven. You mean now? You mean the surgeon? Yep. And so seventeen. So that's like almost six thousand a day for the room and the other assorted goodies while you're in there. Yep. So the insurance company said, well, we're maxed out on the auto accident. So we'll just go ahead and pay it. And I said, well, I want to know how much they're charging for what? So I had an audit done at the hospital. Yeah. It took four, four and a half months. And finally, I got a thing in the mail saying, yeah, there was a stake in your bill. You'll always another $1,200. Jeez. And it was just a filthy hospital. Like 85 degrees in there. And my wife. Well, lots of things in the hospital. It's either a hundred degrees or it's 40 below zero. It's never comfortable. The air is unreadable. There's always that sick nauseating kind of gaseous smell in the room. Yeah. It keeps you in a perpetual state of nausea. How the hell is it? And of course the bed forget it. Nobody sleeps in the evening. The nurses admit that nobody ever sleeps in a hospital bed. How is it possible for anybody to ever get better? Recover, regain their strength, their health or anything in a hospital? I don't think it is. Well, the guy is in the room with me was HRS anymore. And they couldn't do anything with him until they got approval. He was there two days. No medication had a broken arm and a broken leg. Nice. He was screaming for days. Right. And he said, we can't touch him. But my wife was in Boca Community Hospital. And after surgery, some guy comes in and says, I need to take some blood. She says, well, I just already had surgery. And I have to take blood because the girl got stuck with a needle in her. And we're having an AIDS test. And she said, well, I don't want anything to happen to the nurse. And I want her to feel better. So she took the blood. Six hours later, nurse comes in and says, I got some papers for you to sign. We have to take some blood for you because for an AIDS test has to be approved. And well, she said, well, a guy already came and took my blood. He says, no, it's impossible. You have to sign this form first. AIDS test. I told who is it. We have no guys working on this floor as nurses. Somebody's walking around taking people. Well, as guys start in blood banks. You know, they're underpricing people. I come walking in off the street. They just, they must have been what happened with me because they took. If they didn't take 25 gallons of blood out of my body, they didn't take a drop. Okay. Well, that my doctor comes in. I just had a next view just on. And he comes in the next morning. He says, he comes up and says, okay, I call you the doctor. What happened? He's like, how do you feel? I said, well, my right arm is a little numb. My fingers are tingling. But you can move everything. I told you, yeah, he says, well, I would a little deep. I just want to make sure you're okay. He's gone, man. My wife works in a doctor's office. And one of his patients from his partner, they bring him into the back door now because he's paralyzed the same surgery. Yeah. They're trying to keep him from doing them. They're like bringing them, get them all of therapy for nothing. Oh, great. Hallelujah. Yeah, we were going to pray for you, but we're at you. Yeah. Now we're glad you're okay. And wish you the best. Thanks. Good luck. Good bye and good luck and good day. We're just listening to Paul Harvey Jr. Man is much of a moron and a twit and a carrot head as he may be. Things just imagine how easy life could have been. Oh, is that co is not cober is that the Viper here today Friday? Oh, Friday 12 30 to 1 30. You want to get off 30 to 1 30? I have no interest. Not even for a little ride. No. Why? I have no interest. I just am not the it doesn't interest on on your topic. It's not the hot topic. You have created a neural minded topic for people to get ripped off to the tune of 150 grand for what's going to turn out to be a limon. Could be. But it's a little hot topic. It might be. It could be. It is. It's not the hot topic. People who have an obsessive, you know, you know, you have to do it on the front of every car magazine. It's a hot topic. By the way, I found out the name of that guy for it. Sister sledge soldiers on the everyone who is at the hot topic. He's a shot topic. Yeah. She's a should be shot topic. You look beat. Yeah. By the way, Jennifer's friend that you liked. Yeah. The Hispanic. Yeah. She told. She told. His name. Hans Rutterhotsen. No. Yeah. Hans. Oh, you're in good hands. What does that mean? Well, I just, how does she know that's who I'm talking about. She certainly dated more than one guy. She was from Bolivia. So what's wrong with that? I said he was Hispanic. He was from Bolivia. That means he was like, I thought it was a music. He had some Latin in the way. He was Latin in the way. So to speak. Yeah. Little Latin in the way. Yeah. Yeah. Did you just thought that was a music. Hans. Yes. You know. Very Hispanic. He did have beautiful Hans as a matter of fact. Yeah. So as long as you want to get current tense, and you want to fight out about my brand new engine, it's in my new Corvette that's having a new car all over again. Yeah. And it is. You always look out and I get tired of hearing about it. It's great. I know. I feel like I'm breaking in a brand new car. It's an off-l again. Car asked me how much it caused. Nothing. Zero. Okay. I know. Labor. The engine. I have a feeling I'll be getting to build. Bill for it. And then some more on system. Oh, gee, that's bad. You know, on a new car like that, they shouldn't have to put it to the engine. And it was, well, hey, better that than having taken a part and started poaching around with it. You tell him where you resell it and get a 2000. Right. How bad it is. Exactly. So I got a car with 19,000. I was one of the drivers. Miles on it. That's a brand new car. That I stole 19,500 dollars on. And I know you don't. I don't understand that. What does that have to do with the number of miles on it? Well, I don't see the, I'm saying you get, you, you made money on your Ferrari. You get a car with the power of the engine. You don't want to hear about that. I had two Ferrari's okay. And I don't want to hear about it because it wasn't worth the grief. And if you really press me, I'll give the name of the dealer up there in four days, who's ripping off the public and the, and he frauding the public at a, on a regular basis, who sold the car for me and then didn't bother to pay off the lease. And I had, I had to go through such right. Her, her ring, which you still made money. Yeah. And the long run, but it took about 10 years off my life. Well, I had a car that I lost 30,000 dollars. Well, there you go. If you're going to go on by a piece of crap like that, that's not my fault. You're right. I had that 928. I wouldn't wish that on Hitler. I wouldn't wish it on the hospital staff in Mount Simon. You could have some sympathy because you had a gallbladder and say, why, say that? Because there are a lot of nice people on that staff over there. And I don't want to give them the impression that I'm, you know, total asshole. Right. No, really, there were a lot of really super people over there. So it's not their fault that a lot of, but those are the ones that lay back. It's always the ones who, they're the ones that like cart you around like, oh, yeah. Let's take a minute now to talk about the newest Hurligan's Pubbin Oyster Bar at Fort Apache Marina. Shall we, he said? He asked, asked. Located on the intracostal waterway right behind Lomens Plaza, and Avintura. Or is it says here, Adventura? Holigan's Fort Apache has all the great food fun and sports that Miamians have enjoyed at the other Hurligan's locations for nearly a decade now. Every Tuesday, Holigan's Fort Apache hosts Miami's longest happy hour from three till midnight. With two for one beer and cocktails, free chicken wings at a complimentary buffet featuring 90 pounds steam ship round of beef. Thursday, it's karaoke night and ladies drink free from 9pm to midnight. And then kick off the weekend at Holigan's Fort Apache's Friday happy hour featuring a complimentary seafood buffet. Saturday, it's an all night party with the music, doctor, and karaoke sing along. And Holigan's always glad to find your favorite baseball game on one of their 20 big screen TVs. So come check out the newest Hurligan's at the Fort Apache Marina, just behind Lomens Plaza and Avintura, open seven nights till the wee hours of the morning. It's the latest news, traffic and weather info each morning with Mike Granary in the morning information team, just before the Neal Ratchery show. Come on, you are your TV. Okay, put it in the jazz tray that has jumped in through the window pane of 8. So anyway, you know where we have a sales intern, you see that guy? He looks like basically a pretty decent clean cut all American naive kid. He asked me if I was Jim Hobbs yesterday. Oh god, man, I said, yeah, I'm here tonight to hold him. Sure, I browse down. What do you need? Yeah, so can you imagine he's a sales intern? That's like my being a hospital, like being a guinea pig. They've got another way to take him back.