Who's talk radio? Second, WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show. To get in touch and talk with Neil Dile 751 WIOD from day. In Broward, it's five-food Ford WIOD. Outside the Real Five Airing Show, toll-free, 1-800-944 WIOD. And Bell South Nobility customers make a free call by dialing star IoT. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on news. Talk radio. Six-10. WIOD. We've been in the ring. You're better than I am. Even the competition agrees. The Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach Ford Lodderdale in the Palm Beach is the best morning show in South Florida. I think I was just a nice year on an AM station as a hero in my book. You're like, hey, tell us the quiet. You got no problem with me. Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on data Ford. I hope you beat me in the ring. You're better than I am. Well, what can we say about that? I am that hemorrhage. 12-06 at WIOD. And you remember the time I saw Joey and Wendy Xie that night and I came on the year that's like a couple of months ago. And I mentioned it. And I'm sure it was him. I'm positive. And we got all these different wildly conflicting stories about Joey. Does anybody care? I'll summarize. Well, now that I guess Paul is gone and well, George is out of his mind. I guess I guess Bill Clinton is the only one with a little four skin. Hey, Neil, how you doing? I'm out here in beautiful sunrise today. Who the hell is this? Who is this? This is Mr. An answer. Oh, wasn't that wonderful? I'm an answer just like you, Neil. Well, that's great. What station do you work at? Exxon? No, I don't work at any station. And I'm self-employed and I just said, I'm a little pacific. It's like this all day. Well, I mean, you're like, I don't work on a beach. Good, you're in a club. Let me tell you something. Go ahead. I am a virgin. I mean, a virgin, Collar, with your fabulous show. And I would just like to tell you about this. Commendants. I mean, absolutely. Can you believe I thought like this? Yes. Absolutely ridiculous. Fuck, meeting that I saw today as I was driving off the sea horse expressway. I'm talking about the songgrass of the course, Neil. Don't I really sound official? Anyway, I was talking about the songpastic. That's right. I'm going to be in Neil. What you're a footballer? What is this? Bush Bing Bang and Dragger what? Well, I just update. God. Anyway, I'm coming off the sea horse expressway. I had sunrise. You're coming off as something. All right. I think it's a three-day drunk. Well, no, I'm. I'm having had a drink in here. Right. Anyway, I'm coming off the sea horse expressway. Looking off to my left. And what do I see? But there must have been more pigs than in a pig pin. Neil, I didn't have to drive through. I had to walk through there. And guess what, Neil? I heard the reason that the police people over is to see if they have like, cigarette fighters that are hot enough if you would pick it. Right. What if the meeting of those people? They have the hotometer and if your thing is too hot, man, you're your history. I'll pay it. You're dead. These guys still feel there must have been there must have been at least a dozen. Who is this? This is Mr. and hope so. Oh, seriously. Who is this? We've got to know who this is. Who is this? I wouldn't repeat my name on the army. I'm here. Even if I had your paycheck, yeah, I bet you would. About 20 times you'd repeat it. Then you'd only wouldn't have to repeat it again. Well, you know, Neil. You should be like this. Who is this? Oh, you again, I'm dying. Okay, nice talking to you, Mr. Routes. This fabulous relationship. It's just Mr. and out there. A bit beautiful, son. Good bye. I'm in my 40th day, old. Who was it? I know who that is. You know what I'm saying? It's like Jerry Markbright. I know who it is, but I can't put my finger on it, probably. Who was that? Sound like you're cross between Jerry Owens and Rush Limbaugh. Ten minutes, Pat. You know who it is? Mr. Microphone. Mr. Yeah, yeah. It's Mr. Microphone. Well, that was what's his name? That was what you call it? Ron Hershey Highway, wasn't it? No, he don't sound like that. It's Mr. Microphone. Also, Sonny's to embarrassed to call it now, because he's made a fool of himself. He keeps sticking up and Anna is mouth and public. And he's been banned in most of his heart, Florida's result. So now he's got Mr. Microphone, calling it in. That did sound like him. How come he's so good on this show? And those things he does on air so lame. God. This is Mr. Microphone. And it's the Sonny Fox show with Ron Hershey and Sonny Fox. Oh, God. Give me a break, Sonny. That was Mr. Microphone. Well, he's probably searching for an audience. Sooner or later they all land over here, man. They know where the audience is. And it's your right over there. Consumer Credit Law Center, speak of the devil. Oh, if you're one of the thousands of radio dead meets out there, brother, sister, then you need the consumer credit law center. They can remove those derogatory disgusting, revolting bad things from regretted report. And everybody deserves a second chance, even people in this business accept the, you know, who next door at the coast, who has probably had more chances than they ever already can't. It takes about 90 to 120 days to correct and they're going to eliminate those thing from your credit bureau files. In fact, they've got to see it. That's right. It's 100% guaranteed. They're serviced to clear your records or you get your money back. 400 bucks for a single $500 for a couple. And you can't even finance their fee. How to how do you like that? If you've had bankruptcies, bad debts, late credit card payments for closures, IRS, leans, chapter 7, chapter 11, chapter 182, whatever it is. Instead of letting those sit around and running your credit by being on their for seven years, have them wiped away with a consumer credit law center and get a fresh start. Call them today. 832-0130. Tell a Mr. microphone told you to call. 832-0130. Have you taken a good look in your closet lately? Anything in the... You got me all screwed up here, George. I was going to put this thing in the phone. I've been talking to our celebrity a voice there. I've been suffering with the swelling and the itching and all of the pain that goes along with it for several months now. And I've tried everything from sits bats to depositories and nothing is worked. And amazingly enough, the only thing that has worked has been Neil Rogers. Just by listening to one show, all the, all the itching has stopped. The pain has gone away. And the swelling is really dissipated. And it's all because of the around your. 1214, we have an open-minded Broward where Mr. Duce Baguysa and somebody just dropped off in day. I can't get over that. Look at that. Now I feel really depressed. We were doing so well. You know, we start out a little slow. A little late back this morning and then they all got lit up like somebody. I would like little gigantic camoried under their butt. 751, W. I would do in day and five to four in Broward. Cut the rage. Finally, yes sir. I had to follow Mr. microphone. He would. That was Mr. microphone. That was his brother-in-law. I would have wanted to cut the rage cry. I could have leaked that. Calling from death row. What is it? Cut the rage cry. You could have pulled a hell out of me. You sound like you're calling from like the Roseanne bars butt. Okay. He was talking about gangsters with badges. Yeah. Okay. Here he is. Where are you going? Okay. You know, the frog water call got me set off. I didn't set off anyway. But you hit it right on the head. You know, what was wrong with him? And every ask is the like. Like him is that they cater to the policies of Reagan Bush and all their fans. Good. I mean, I mean, it's, you know, back in the 16. I don't want to see the old fashion that you either part of the problem, the part of the solution. And in every political group, they need their sons, their soldiers. And good, good music there. Here we have a state local pig. I already have to teach them. Yep. You know, and that's to get to a person that I have a set off a change in federal court. But I had plenty of money stolen. From the bottom federal government. And her barrels got a case in federal court. Yep. Seagrums. And this is very important. I can't get into the details. But there were no drugs involved. Yeah. The legal. So money. It was cash. But the property. And this is a big city. And the cash is a big transport. We have reached the important area. It's been a little quarter of an half. I'm still holding my money this the way. Hey. Hey. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'll be there. I'll go to the office. Don't go to the office. I'll be there. I'll be there. Thank you for the money. I'll be there. Okay. Going back yard and yank that weed out of the ground right now, pal. Are you dead me? 12. 12.16. W.I.O.D. Ha ha ha ha. Well, I missed her microphone. Junior just kind of like set me off there. I wouldn't expect that. You know, and I'm not them. Still like about only 20% recovered from this crowd. It's my malalooka thing again. If she ever caught if anybody calls me and starts talking to China with that malalooka crap man. I'm just going to jump right through the microphone. Mr. Jupiter. Hello. Hello. How are you to tell me? I'll be for him to you sir. Okay. I'm a Graham. I don't know what that. I bet there have a lot of big poor parties up there in Jupiter right now. Or probably right next door like right on the edge of your rain. I'm not going to jump in the farm. There. Yeah. All the Edlock on the farm man are really doing it. Sir. Yes sir. Listen. You get your cable hooked up. It wasn't me calling you. They did finally call me. I will say that last Friday I believe. I haven't called him back. I figure if it took them six weeks to call me. How long about five or six, then give them a friendly. They'll be billing you tomorrow. Don't worry. No, they already are billing me for my old address. So I'm not like stealing anything. I have the exact same service. They just don't know that I've got it. And they don't even know that I've moved because of it. They've got lost in the translation because they're too busy sending out bills. Yeah. Really? Well I thought some on TV. They said they'd hook it up right away. 1-800 cable me. So I thought I'd keep it. Tom would tell me, what do you have to keep all this? Yeah. They won't let too many letters. Well that's okay. It'll still get the message you grow. That referee is Jerry Mark Quart. No. No. Wrong. Mark Wright. I will bet you every dime that I have in my paycheck against 50 cents. The game is Mark Wright. Well your famous news guy there said Mark. So you're saying Mark Wright now and it's Mark Quart. Wrong. Jerry Mark Wright. I've been watching the National Football League serve for 36 years. His name is Jerry Mark Wright. I can see his ugly face in front of me right now. And I can see him. He's fatally punching out those arms. I'm out. TV time out. Right now. Trust me. And his microphones not working. Right. Well that's always true. But I'm sure Jerry's family holds the 700's holding ways 14 pounds. What is it that you're taking away the replay? That's a bunch of crap. We finally get something good so that at least once in a row we can get a call. That's right. Not too often. But we've been late. They have a big game and we got one of those calls again. I'm telling everyone. I'm taking my home at Zacharias out to J.R.S. And my artillery and my tank. Daniel Beet Fumlin and yeah. Yep. Dad. Peter Crenzers of the do speak. OK. Go back to Rochester this week. Really? And he's going to eat white hot and kill his blood pressure goes through the road. That'll do it man. Just about two days of Donovan Bob's and Vic and Irves, and that'll do it he'll be dead meat. I'll have a great day Syring give a big kiss on the lilac. I don't get them. See you later. OK. Oh, excuse me. Ahh. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I can know that George. We haven't open line out of town. I mean he's called from Jupiter. I want to spoil his image up there. I got a lot of kin listening right now. A lot of kin folk and farm folk and they don't like that kind of stuff. You know what I mean? Them folk. What are we doing now? Oh, we're doing Toyota Hollywood. We like them folk man. Cause they're great folk over there. Toyota Hollywood calling all Toyota buyers potential or thinking about it. Because it's a Toyota buyers alert at Toyota of Hollywood. Don't even think about buying a new Toyota until you check with the bald old Irish Patrick Murray. Happy St. Patty's Day and Happy Poor on Patrick. Right now, it's a participating Napa Auto Parts store by free Napa Shocksers Trots in any combination and get one free. Save on Auto Light non-resistory spark plugs. Now just 64 cents each after rebate. Plus, Bellden High Performance Spark plug wire sets as low as a $1.99 after rebate. Save now it's a participating Napa Auto Parts store. Hurry, sale and save all 12. Yes, she says 10- 10. Happy on beep. Fab Rich said that the bird's a liar to the birds a liar. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa Domine. Santa. Santa. Santa Ärde Santa. Santa. Santa Bones. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa. Santa just for a day. Santa Santa. Your clothes back in please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please If you would any clothes on you know Won't last too long as we're stuck To feed a rust Blackwell under the rain of our dinner Came our store The dollar used with bag like That's a borne Diner doesn't have another fifty dollars Oh, whoa Oh, thank you Oh, thank you Good money for it At WIOD As we continue doing our thing for Every day, 932 right here in Yahoo City So what's the story? Our Rick and Seth's doing that thing tomorrow We still don't know Oh, God, is that embarrassing? Are we doing that thing? Do you know Tim from the stadium tomorrow? We are doing it. Do they know about it? Oh, well, at least somebody knows about it. That's a good start Rick and Seth's live from Joe Robby Stadium Tomorrow we got a big weekend exhibition Baseball at the stadium And we are stuck at around heavy duty to try to get those Boko A lady in Boko's gone Oh, geez, don't do that God, I almost flew off the chair I was first time call or Anna first time listener And my name is Nicky No, it's the first time listener Yes, I am Where have you been all my life? I don't know I just hear both of them Probably hanging out with Mr. microphone and sunrise Exactly But I was my friend since telling me And I want to hear Clint Eastwood as the beaver Really? Yes I think it's a good idea I'm going to be there You know, it's tacky to call on a show That you never heard before the very first day And make a request and stuff like that But since you sound so charming And how long have you been listening this morning Or the afternoon or today or whatever Three hours And what's the verdict? You better say something really nice and suck around Then I play the stuff I think this is incredible, I love it Great Okay, okay, thanks Have a great day and by the way Happy for him I think it Bye bye It's the old new Only but to be there Starring Bond Robilingsley You both are Tony Donn And Clint Eastwood as the beaver You want to deceive me, Dad? Yes, beaver Sit up I am, Dad Keep in mind I'm 6.4 So, what's the problem, Dad? Beaver, I have never been more disappointed in you than I was today When you walked in the principal's office Waring that horrible sweatshirt Oh, you mean my beasty boys sweatshirt? Right And I just guess Understand it Just this morning Your mother and I both told you to take that sweatshirt Before you went to school Now why did you deliberately disappear A man, Dad, it's the biggest concert of the year Run DMC in the beasties And I already got my tickets Oh no, beaver Oh yeah, Dad All right, you can go It's my time I tried to bring your home with DMC T-shirt 1227 at WIDW Welcome to our little party man Whoever you are It's so nice to have you with us And see how agreeable we are sometimes Unless somebody calls up an acts like this psychotic bitch By the way, the doctor Susan blocks you I want to mention this again Under who left us but I'm pretty excited Can we look into this George? Can we take our show on the road? It says a makes doctor Susan block makes love to Orlando On WQBQ radio Can we at least get some tapes of that? Somodio effects? Something And she's doing her series of four safe-sex shows With Orlando, I believe, or in Orlando Well that's bad On the subjects of masturbation Phone sex Making out and heavy petting And condoms Not necessarily in that order Okay, 1228, let's go to Hollywood on the starline Hi, are you doing Neil? I'm doing it man I want to wish you a heartfelt, happy Perum to you and your work Yeah I think you would talk to that Ref you were talking about I think it might be Jerry Pentecoli The one? Jerry Pentecoli in the geribodio It's a pity him But I think it's a disgrace to Jerry It was kind of embarrassing when a geribod would like Run out on the field and get lost And they're like, relay the game for hours at a time Anyway, I think it's terrible that they removed that The incident replay It's thanks to the geribodio Mark my words sir Mark my words They're going to be real sorry, real fast Like a first week of the season next year They're going to be real sorry Grabfully right, a lot of bad calls last year Yeah So he might even with the replay There were a lot of bad calls Can you imagine now it's going to be on Nightmare Caribald Anyway, I want to suck around I'm a first time listener, first time caller No you're done Neil No you're not Yeah, have a nice life Boy who you can 12 What a sense of humor he's got 1229 at WIOD Let's go home now because I got my check and we had a good lunch And it calls have been not too bad And we had Mr. microphone And we had that the first time young lady And we're not too bad today For a Thursday in a crappy town Starlines open star iod Fort Lauderdale Good afternoon sir Good afternoon to you sir I saw the needed proper predictor Neil That said You know what the Sign up for the Japanese orange sun White background Yes sir That just ain't all across I love it Just like on a toy order Something else on American car Okay Anyway, sorry Pat Murray It's a great sense of humor folks Anyway Oh by the way there was a thing Pat you can and had a one of his stupid press conferences yesterday And his wife was up there on the podium And they said are you going to get rid of the Mercedes and she got up there She said it's for sale Anybody want to make an offer Ha ha ha Not You know Really Any way to do Script this wants to cough the windshield Let me be looking Sorry Fashion's pigs Oh, doubt about it Anyway, the reason I called I think the infant replay I think they should give each coach two or three champions to use it If they're on discretion right And a story But come up with revenue They're advertising and everything they're going to lose Mm-hmm Don't doubt And I'm short again Once they find that out They're going to be a big deal No doubt Although I was reading a thing in the satellite TV We kissed today that The NFL Because they made such a greedy Disgusting deal with the owners That they're like Extending it and it's like Almost they're given it to the networks for nothing for a couple of years You know what I'm saying? Were they talking about pay for view now? We're never going to have to get it Never going to have to get it Never going to have to Had it Never will fly Believe me that be way That's not all of the game if they try that crap That's back But about 80% of those games that are on Monday night They couldn't pay us to watch it Anyway, if you can give me a little chill on my bones I'm home to pick the tears and dick curtain Or some TKLW or something I think I'm having a relapse Well, what the hell ever happened to dick curtain By the way, Kathy, paying any ass liverings Didn't call the other day And said that what dick was done on a west coast A couple of weeks ago, he was trying to call On the 800 number and of course couldn't get through Which I find hard to believe Because anybody can get through on a 800 line But he's back up a Detroit Making a lot of bucks And проверize other things Morecadoen Make sure to tell my friends Jump in k&io's e., fuck One more good One more good Happy one side of 하나 Let's play some sweet Ноng Everybody took some of that Spueror Let's play some sweet but not spicy Mayor Water M Directory I don't like that But Davis likes it It's nice and slow If you can't tell me It's good doing it. Right on the Edsel Ford Express Wacer. Okay thank you sir. Have a great day. Bye bye. See it, lose finder, Delhi. Not see it, Skipper's table for that used to be great. There was a Delhi but not a Delhi, a Smorgas board place. There were two of them on in Plymouth and the other one on I think seven mile road in Detroit. They were called Skipper's Table, Smorgas board and most Smorgas board places are like for old people. I don't want to mention any down here they're like mostly out of business where they go in and they put their teeth in glass and it fizzes while they eat and the spaghetti tastes like the corn and the mashed potatoes tastes like the meat low. But yeah that's a, now this was great, Skipper's Table and you could go back like a hundred times and I had a friend salesman as a matter of fact. Oh I shouldn't say that. A radio salesperson from Albion, Michigan and before we go to the track and Hazel Park or Wolverine at night we go over to Skipper's Table and eat about 400 pounds worth of food for like $3.99. That was the best Skipper's Table man they don't make him like that anymore. Plantation. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Now a look is on in the loom now. Oh. And the thing you got to get to get to get that you're going to think you have brought tightest in the ammonia wrapped up in the water. What does that mean? I mean that you'll be coughing your brains out. Let me in the thing I got to got a head cold. Well don't let it drop down. Don't let it, how about my cold? That's true. Oh no it's like almost gone. All right. I think you're trying to talk me back into what aren't you? Yeah. Misery loves company. Well yeah. Okay. How are kind of? Say it. It's so godfather and tentative today. Yes. The only thing I've seen that's bigger than you are still is that they will walk up behind Hank Goldberg at the track. Okay. Smart ass man. I'm 30. Which one have I got out? I don't even know which one of these I got out. I'm so damn badfather and tentative I got them all out. Oh number two. I'm so I tell you when you're having a stressful traumatic awful day there's just something so soothing about this music you know. I know about you but it sure does it for me. It just kind of calms me down. Like somebody is making the music law for that I can't refuse. Let's do Miami. Hello. Miami. Buenos Tartais. Ostelewago. Ostelevista. Osteeras. Let's do a leisure city. Hey how you doing Neil? I'm doing it. That's good. Hey I first off I want to clarify you on that replay page. Go ahead. I love it. Go ahead. Not only did the douchebag yet vote against giant it's also vote against not only them but also the counterfeit bill. All the New York state teams voted against what the hell do they know? Well let's see did you try to pull a fast one. The other giants also because the giants and the jets were like back to back at a list of pretty sure. Yeah triple play there. Yeah screw them. Did you have you seen any of this baby the holy pot trial? Maybe lolly pops first of all the name of the trial just I mean what the media does here I just I have a headache from thinking about it. Yeah well have you seen that girl who's pet the farmer to stay to live you? Well girl I guess whatever Olivia Gonzalez. Yeah. You see the sideburns on her mansion like Elvis. Now she looks like Luke Perry on Beverly Hills 902 116 438. Are those babies real or is that Charles Alphiari sideburns? Right. Yeah. I mean I don't know. You tell her to butcher up. Only her proctorologist knows for sure sir. Yeah I want to ask you about the Buchanan thing. Who? You know not buck Buchanan. You can't in the guy who's trying to run president. He can't be Yeah. I'm right. I'm right Buchanan. He can't be president really can't he? I mean didn't they pass a law after after a rose the belt with president Fred Franklin Roosevelt that no more president was the same last name. Yeah they had Teddy and then and we already had a president you can. Right. So they can't. He's too bad because the cups were hoping to get Steve Wilson elected president before they trade them the Dodgers and they just missed out. They're way to get rid of them though. Well, I said have a great day. In fact, a big good way to get rid of Danny Jackson too. But I guess so we got feet on that baby too. Have a great life sir. Look at that two open lines in day that's a first and hours on this show does that mean we're like coming screeching to a halt in the middle lunch hour. We hope not. God they just know how to stick a two year when released expected rated five two four. Now what is it? I don't even know what the number is. 75 one. I think it's setting into my lungs deep George. Well, here I am again your century village man. Chuck Zink for am again. This is Rick from Carpet and Tyler. Both stay master protects against most common food and beverage stains. Stay master is certified in warranty by DuPot. Paul 40 a Wild. We got a mobile in for a lot of deal. Dale. Yes sir. He's doing okay. The longer I wait on this, more I get mad at your chic, chic management for not getting saw you the one. Tharline. Sir what can I say? What you hear is what you get? What you see is what you get? She Irish their thifty's here they're like the Scottish their thifty. Like the frogs. Hey, just one note on that replay with stock. I can't put it did that. Yes. Oh, I got to say it's first one that's loaded against the coach wise that complain on a call. Got nothing to say. Exactly. In fact, I think they ought to call it against them just out of spite. I mean like a real obvious one. Just a very smart. You know all they want is money money. What the ought to do is have advertised your sponsor like a replay minute. You know like the five-bud was there. Right. There you go. Fuck. They have nothing other rubbud bull than between like 4500 times a game. That's right. Okay, I just want to throw that in. Okay, have a great life and I have people from to you. Bye bye 1241 we have an open-minded Broward 524 and there's something I just have to hear one more time I got to hear it. I have to confess because it's not even like from this show, but it's got to be in the top five and bubbling right now. Who want you? Go for it. I was on the other guys bowing. What other guy? The Republican guy. Oh, no, man. Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. Did I do want to break? Which one did you go for? I'm not going to get into it, Chad. You'll freak out on me, okay? Not no way. Yeah. That, uh, that would be freak. Did, what's one of these specific? What's his name, man? I'm not going to argue. Hey, the guy from CNN. Ted Turner, yes. Oh, man. You voted for people. I voted for Ted Turner. Dude, why? I just send the police right into my pad. I, why don't you, my dad? I don't know. I'm in a rush. Chad. And let him come over. Yeah. Tell me. And you are, I'll let you're going to elect the thought police. Ted. Ted. This wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary. Okay. I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for the other side. What? My pal, Rick, voted for a nice thing. I knew this would be that I didn't vote for a Nazi. 1242 a WIOD. I rest my case. Here's a mobile and store. Yeah. First time callers. Well, how a birthday. C'mon. What? I know who this is. I know who this is. I know it's both been a while. Where were you last night up at POP at a park where we needed your money? I was in no shape to work last night. Yeah, I bet. I'm sorry. You were working it out. I'm afraid to go see a bag since you went on that pirate. I mean, the day after I saw you last time. You know, I'm kind of fearful of coming up with a single hole. You know, you are an asshole. Is anybody ever told you that? I didn't go on a tie rate. All I said was how come it was that you and your very lovely girlfriend come over to the table after having your own very nice table. Not too far away the entire evening and seemingly perfectly happy there and actually catching a few tickets through look. I'm coming over it like squad halfway down into the chairs at my table and say, oh, is it okay if we sit down as your ass is hitting the seat? What was wrong with the other chairs were they like on fire? Do you want to commit you? Well, that's fine. That's fine. You know, after an evening with you, it's no she probably wanted me anybody I would imagine God One night is the the fan forth rating this week Friday night Friday night don't ask me anything about that I don't want to discuss it ever again. I mean, I'll be there. It's what can I say? Well, we might get a good price Yeah, right you'll have a big price all right. Yeah, even Bob Barker will be there the price will be right I'm just I am so overwhelmed and I noticed that purcupine is conspicuous by his fat absence here today With that stupid rule about two dollars across the bar see the you want me to tell you the real story See this summer for the summer meet you know like most of the guys are leaving like Baby goes to the metal lands and while he goes back up where he goes a and Kevin and Peter go back and Downing Harbin to Detroit I think holding a stick in around and Donnie brainer will be like top dog, you know, but anyway Bruce Ranger is like right on the verge, you know like one day. He's gonna stay the next day. He's not so they're really just suck it up to Bruce He just stick around because he's a real good driver. He's got you know, he's a good endorsement Well, he's okay and So this thing last night. I think they must have I just can't believe it. You know I mean, I would have did it like Bruce say we love you and you want he didn't win nothing okay Kevin is like God and he wins that tenth race like a champion and all and that you should have seen the photo for third I'm Tony if Gary Lewis wouldn't have dropped his his slip on the attract Just before I'm serious he reached down to get it if he would have hit the horse one more time come on Gary Why ain't go your tango baby get your ass up there? And Bruce he hangs on for third by like the slimmers of noses and then You know winds up with a stupid deal now that porcupine came up with two dollars across the board What does that got to do with driving? No, let's have a race off let's do this right and stop sticking it to Kevin for I went down to the E ever due to us beside cash me a lot of tickets Damn it Feeling I got a dolphin question for you. I think their prejudice to get star Michigan drivers at Pompano park And I'm gonna take some serious damn action about it like Friday night. I am I'm gonna go out there and blow away all the other horses and let Kevin and Peter and Donnie win by 10 like Siri race Just out of spite I'll be there Friday and I'm gonna get that Kelly Shepherd two for park in my horse 27 seconds the first quarter last night and then finishing 20 Oh 27 second first Kelly Shepherd man outside I don't even give me started Okay about good old Kelly the schlep And he wonders why about half of those guys out there in a track where like to stick his ass in infield lake Well, Joe like to do that to Joe like the park amount and got him in the first quarter Joe is whipping him before they start to be for the gate opens Joe is whipping and slashing Joe had a horse last night co-queen the a 12th race two to five okay two to five at the top of the stretch This horse stopped like you ran into a met truck, okay? Like he ran into a brick wall Exactly that was Jolton Joe with co-quee I got your co-quee right over here Yeah, he's whipping out town. You once joined through with a man. They don't walk for a month Yeah, that's what Dominic said When you cut the crap out of love watching a fool we've had a great day in the phones are dropping off here like flying All right, this is like Rick Riley talking about snow skiing. Okay. Nobody cares Yeah, pack this Meal I just reorder my dolphin season second yeah, and they sent me a notice saying that they're gonna put aside a day for season Take a holders to come out and upgrade their seat Where you actually go to the stadium and pick your seat that they're available. Yeah. Have you been to that in the past as a work going down there? No, I don't pick my seat my nose a little bit. That might see Have a great day, Frank Hey, Neil. Yeah, I don't know if he's to replay being killed. Yeah, can you play? referee by Tom Petty by Joel 1247 here's such a pain in the ass. We have an open line in dates Oh, we got three open lines now. We've been killing killing them all day long and he comes on here And starts a whole van thing about pop-o park which I love but the audience 98% of them could give one crap about and like the whole show is dead now Thanks a lot, Joel Wait till you sit down at the table next time. We got a little surprise for you. We got like an electric seat Sally supplying the juice Are you orifice manager? I got a headache from his call. I really do. Are you orifice managers out there? Is your orifice use bottle water like ours used to hear at WIO and D Well, if you do you're probably wasting space in time by stirring and slapping those big bulky heavy A hernia inducing bottles and Probably your bills are tough to decipher in a fluctuator flatulate from month to month Hi, this is Paul song is oh it's 1251 That's for the one two hour and I crunched it up bad mistake Anyways, they say in my backyard my dogs in a morning in plantation don't void where prohibited Anyway, the Marlin ticket contest giveaway here on this important radio show nothing to buy Nothing exciting do just get out a postcard one entry for person and send you a postcard with your name address and Phone number shoe size jackstrap size May let two Marlins tickets WIO day my M833141 postcards can be you must be postmarked by Wednesday April one Or you can drop it off our six to NW YOD studios before five PM any day On April 3rds the deadline. Okay. This is so confusing. I just want to die Anyway, the winner will be drawn on this show Monday April 6 then the winner's gonna get a pair of season tickets for the 1993 Florida Marlins season How do you like that open all persons accepting employees and their immediate families of cox enterprises the sisters and a Florida Marlins organization All entries become the property of 610 WIO D acceptance at the prize come over to et cetera Okay 1252 a WIO D just get those the cards in mail one per person please But lucky we got a family of eight they can send the cards that don't feel too bad. Okay plantation again hello Hello, yes, oh Well he assumed so I'm over right now I wasn't plantation when I called I'm now in North Dave wow What are step in a wrong direction direction? Anyways, yeah This is not something It's real simple Why does it need to like Sally did I got that and then so to speak and you'll have no problem. I don't think Susan will be too happy about that Well, you know, I went for Sally. I mean look how many years he's been there right Second Hank Goldberg you ever was man. I don't think Bob's got the right connection so to speak Do I ever listen to Hank yeah, and if I'm in the car at night, I always listen to Hank. Yes. Are you gonna what's you gonna attack fat? I Hank Well That's really all I has to is if you're going to I wasn't like threatening you or something I mean I want you to keep in mind the Hank's been under the weather. He's got like a heart problem He's been I am too nobody cares about things He's been in and out of the hospital. He's got like a lebreeding problem. I mean he's like overweight He's not just take over he's a hippopotamus go ahead He's got to he's got to cut the crap Talking about the raiders here leaders and he's fabulous faith that's for God that please the advertisers Yeah, how is he kidding? He couldn't get one of those six to let he pay for it. So what's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? So what's wrong with that? He's got a big buck Why do you think he works like 80 hours a day? He's got serious, but that's probably why his hearts ready to stop He's uh, I guarantee you I know but he's acting like all these baits around over and give you a break They are and it's because they work by the hour. What's wrong with that? I think you just jealous Are going to boyfriend 1254 WI would do we have an open line at Broward Well, I've done it. I got the good stuff coming up now. That signals the end of this crud When a really good stuff starts coming out from the balls of your mucous glands got You're not gonna believe this okay? Nobody anyone care about it, but it's just ironic either I'm getting psychic or just I'm uh losing it I'm watching my CBS morning show this morning CBS today or whatever to show us and I'm I'm seeing there. I know it's strange, but I'm thinking about the mucous because I'm like almost over this cold And I was just for some reason I'm thinking about you know that we used to talk on here or the about the really dark green is like has been in the body the longest and then the yellow Which is kind of gross, but that's the rumor. You know that's the popular folklor that the darker the mucous the long-ritch been in the body And wouldn't you know just as I'm thinking about this they come out with a story about Not asma what's the thing they've got this new DNA This new stuff to break up the mucous Where people cough and choke and we headed on our new zone morning Some kind of like a bronchial disorder and they're starting to talk about mucous And my mind was on mucous which is really not something I think about too much Here's the four-laterdale Hi Neil. Hi How you doing? Okay You're right. It's not on mucous is it no that's all Excellent. I want to wish you a happy poem That's an organization we're starting called mom m o m mines on mucous Happy poem to you too happy home in touch Thank you. Can I ask you a question? Do you eat home in touch? Yeah, do you like the real ones like I like with the poppy seeds in the outside that are big and fluffy and soft Or do you like those little hard triangular ones that are supposed to be for real? I like the one we are one The soft ones the soft ones right I only like certain things that are hard not oh mucous right there you go I want to talk to you about one of these sponsors biceps Yeah, did you ever try them? Yes You like them. Yeah. I got a whole bunch of them at home. What flavor chocolate? I love the best. Yeah. I just tried the chocolate I have to tell you this meal. They really can't stop You don't like them? No, I like Barbecue one the stuff the big weaving yeah, what about the other ones? I didn't try the other one. Oh These are terrible. What do you like with one of those is a funny fake diet plans or something? No, you got to eat miracle berries first. Oh, yeah, that can't hurt well call a call to plant doctor That'll work, right? Okay. Have a good day meal. If I maybe you can plant some in your home in touch Excuse me. I said have a great poem. You too. Bye He's with one of those like 10 he cragers something 1257 a Wild we have an open line in Broward 524 Out of town is plighted down considerably and quite frankly I couldn't give a fly and crap less to be honest with you I can't arrange How are you doing sir? I'm doing lows. Do you say misery love cut love company? Oh, it's gone around and it's the crowd. I'm hoping. I woke up with a yesterday Yeah, yeah, so how long do I have I got to look at the mucus? Yeah, when it starts to win a real heavy duty like dark green. Oh, but this is real clear. Oh, no, that's just the beginning. Oh, man. How long you had it? Uh, let's see Friday Saturday Sunday Monday, Tuesday Wednesday. Just about a week. That's why it takes about a week to get rid of the cold. And that's just about at the end. That's a tail end. Well, I'll let at least I'm home here to take care of myself. Yeah, and you got a good weekend to get destroyed. It's always good getting the cold before the weekend. You'll get your whole weekend ruined. Let's see. Listen, I'm not going to be one of these people jumping on the old man wagon. Uh, about the, uh, into replay thing. I'm glad it's out of there. Well, there we go. Finally, a guy even at least full of crap. I don't have to go to say it. That's right. That's true. It's, but every time every time every call is a crucial call. I mean, how can they say this call? Every call is not a crucial call. That's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. It's not. Can I, can I, can I wait a minute? Wait a minute. Can I explain something to you in baseball? And strikes, you know, and stuff that goes on, okay? Um, every pitch. There's another call. You know what I'm saying? Right. The every ball that's hit the empire has to make a call. In football, the, even though there are a lot of calls to be made, let's face it. Most plays in football, A, there's not a penalty. And B, there's not a controversy about whether it's complete or incomplete or a football or not. So it's compared to baseball where there are like hundreds and hundreds of pitches, footballs and piece of cake, there aren't that many. Yeah, but, you know, when you, when you, you know, stop a play for this and this, you stop the momentum of the drive and how many teams, especially Buffalo, they in Cincinnati when they first started. But the reason for that is they didn't do it right. They were supposed to allow only so many seconds. And where some of those deals are going on for like a half an hour. I'm getting sick and tired of you know how far I got going back to the fridge every time. So why can't they just tighten it up a little bit? Well, every time you make a rule and sports, you got to have rules to go over that rule. Right. And, and they're not doing it. And, um, what did they do back in the old days? They paid the rents off. So, you know, keep doing it here. What's the difference? Oh, when it starts getting like purple, that's the time to call us again. Have a great day. Thank you. Be a better. Okay. Well, he's under the weather. You know, answers his problem. Not everybody's going to agree on this. We like one or two people who happen to be wrong. 751 WI would do. We have an open line of day. We got Lisa Campbell while bed. Lisa here. Okay. Lisa's she's misdependible. And, okay, she may not get it right. But, Lisa's in there. Lisa's got the A1 o'clock news. We got Rick and Sout today with what's her name is back again. Laura Corn with her cornball crab. 237 intimate questions. Every woman should ask a man like can that be felt and news from around the planet. And, Sonny and Joe on Sports Talk at 605. And, speaking of can that be felt, did County State Attorney Janet Reno with good old Hank 821. That's awful, man. Tonight. This is how Florida's news, traffic and weather station. Choose Talk Radio. 610 WIOD. Miami, Ford Lutter, Dale, and the Palm Beach. Good afternoon. I'm Lisa Campbell in the 610 WIOD News Center. The temperature at 1 o'clock 85 degrees from the 610 WIOD Weather Center. Vidiorellagist, Mopso. Do you start radio? 610 WIOD. Yeah. Who's Talk Radio? 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show. To get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day. Well, in Broward and 524 WIOD. Outside the real 5-airing code. So free, 1-800-944-WIOD. And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on News. 610 WIOD. Hi, this is Paul Songus. And even I, a whistle into the Neil Rogers 1 to 2 hour. Uh... I know, that's a chicken's deputy on your horse. Now let's go, babe. We move on now to double-jeopardy. Penny, you add the low score at the end of the last round. Choose a category please. Extra terrestrial is for 200. It makes strange noises in the chicken coop late at night. Yes, boneless. Right Purdue, no. Cajun. No, what is a poetry guy? Poetry guys. Penny, you still have control of the board. To bek or not to bek for 600. He was the star of the Omen. Boneless. Correct. Where do you protect? We'll return with my only chicken jacket he wear. We'll be choking on the peck. 106 to W.I.O.D. It's our mammoth. Two hours. Song is going to have lots of time to listen to all four and a half hours from now on. He just wants to be a good guy now and get out of the way. Don't bother nobody. Out of town lines open 1-800-944. We'd like to be your president. Here's a lady in Miami on the star line. Anymore? What? I said bro, it's down. Wow, are you making progress or what? No, you're just a little slow. Yeah, but we're paying for it. That's true. That's all accounts. That's why you're still there. Sitting here drawing all over my banana. Really? Yes. Well, me too. Well, fun, isn't it. It sure is. That's an I have a question to see you. Yeah. I think it's kind of quieted down about your new blue. Are they leaving you alone? About my new one? Blue. Blue relocation.