Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello. What are you doing? What do you think about that up sale last night? What? The football game. Who cares about that game? I mean, who cares about that game? You're not very sport oriented, are you? What do you mean by that? You know, I mean, obviously, if you don't care about Monday, aren't you? Also, in other words, if I'm in the sports, I got to watch every damn football game no matter how crappy the teams are like to Seattle sea hocks. You're a, that's a good point. Some are interested in the sea hocks are dead, everybody. No, see, let me tell you something. What? What's up, Paul? No, that's a bunch of crap. Okay, let me tell you something. Years ago, up until about maybe six, seven years ago, I was a fanatic in just about every sport. And I would watch every Sunday football game that was on everyone. What a clock game, the four clock game, the Monday night game. And now because expansion has diluted professional sports to a point, I just can't do it. Unless a team is playing that I'm interested in, I can't watch it. I just can't do it. I can't get no interest in it. Because you got a lot of minor league team. You got so many marginal crappy teams. It's not professional sports. It's a bunch of overpaid punks. It is. It's almost political. See, Seattle is a joke. So they pulled off an up to a while, big deal. So the cool speed buffalo and they beat us. What does that mean? They're still crappy teams. Okay, we say, ah, two is off. Is that you're referring to the money, dolphin? Yeah. Okay, we have to keep for yourself. Because we're not all a thousand fans here in Miami. Yeah. You know, I don't know. What is that prove? So in other words, I have to clarify when I live in Miami for 17 years. I have to clarify who I'm talking about. Absolutely. I have one professional football team. I have to clarify. Load out your ass, pal. How fast is your pizza delivered? Did you have problems on your last date? He's holding his restaurant. All right, I'll talk to the waiter. Oh, they got an amenuous fit. Okay, we'll go somewhere else. Oh, and ride in a dumb car of yours. I'll call a cab. Just let your weeny wheel. If your love life is at a dead end, it's time to call the Jeff Dommer dating service. When you date a dommer girl, you'll know she meets Jeff's high standards. No, annoying attitude. No bad manners. No, Paul's. Yes, go to the movies and restaurants you like. Talk about yourself without interruption. And at the end of the evening, never be rejected again. There you need. They're available. And they're dead. Call the Jeff Dommer dating service. We'll date up a date for you. What's Richard Bay gone on today on W.O.R. He's got like a heat monger show. He's got on the a cleanseman with a hood. He's got on a guy who's screaming about the influx of Russian immigrants into New York and some asshole woman on a phone. Carrying on about the Russians are obnoxious and rude. And they walk into on the street and bop a bobby. I think that attacking any group of people like that is disgusting. I'm W.O.R. I'm W.O.R. I'm W.O.R. Maybe I can't hold seven. I'm W.O.R. Show us on both face, donation and meet the press this person that they were both doing. Same perfect. What a coincidence. It's like when time and news we come out with the same thing on a front cover. And it's not like something you'd expect it to be. When they both have a picture of like Rex Reed on a front or something like that. Out of nowhere. And this was a thing about the religious right and how they're trying to take over the Republican party and the war between the religious right and the moderate Republicans and Yadiyadiyad and all the other crap that we got the so-called Christian. Are they calm themselves? They Christian coalition and Pat Robertson and all these other faking. See the thing that bothers me about the rest of you folks. And after the election you think people might feel a little more emancipated and have like a little looser tongue and feel free to speak their mind. But like to think what's trying to do Connor and the Pope and all this other crap that's going on in the world in the name of organized and disorganized religion. It's just, oh no, she shouldn't have said that. Why the hell not? Why don't you have somebody open up their mouth and say what's really going on? Everybody wishes somebody would open their mouth back in the 30s and 40s while millions of innocent people were being exterminated and gasped at it. But oh no, everybody is now we didn't know nothing. We know nothing over here. Right. Nobody knows from nothing. Just keep your mouth shut and go with a program man. Lunchtime. Big hand just hit the little hand. So I'm just going to sit here and talk about Camilla sauce for the next two hours. Well maybe not for two hours but lady did have a point. The Camilla sauce is a shelter in Miami for the homeless. They've been here for years and years. And they get screwed around again now. The city is trying to flaunt the will of the judge. You said they ordered them that the homeless have a right in public places to at least exist like to be there and like wash up and sleep and just to breathe the air. And the city says, well screw them. We don't care what the judge says. We're going to appeal it and their usual heartless obnoxious cruel manner. Since this isn't something ethnic that they can exploit for votes. It's the homeless have no constituency so they say screw them. Because I said the other day Camilla sauce doesn't just bring in people and put them on a cot. They try they feed and clothes but they try to rehabilitate people. They take care of their medical leads. They try to put them back on their feet and get them started in life again which is what it's all about. Because most rational people in spite of the Lardass limbo's and the other propagandist and the hateful assholes of this world, most people don't want to be sleeping on the streets with their children or by themselves or with anybody else. And that's why I've tried for years to help Camilla sauce. They have a multi a million dollar budget and we raise and they used to be in the tens of thousands. Last year was 147,000 and hopefully this year we can come close to 150 or 200,000. It should be a lot more. It should be much more than that. If every person who listens to this station during the week at this time of the year gave a dollar, that would be over 300,000 right there. That's to kill with this radio station during dolphin season. I mean we're out there at the Euler game a week ago Sunday with the tailgate party and we had a seem lucky great response. We raised $4700. There are 6,68,000 people there. How is that possible? And like I said year after year I've been doing this for years now, 4 or 5 percent and very often it's the same 4 or 5 percent year after year. They're the ones who cough up some bucks and who care. And the other 95 percent you couldn't get a dime out of them if their lives depended on it. And like I also said before. There is a segment of that audience understand people who don't have the bucks can't afford to dime what? One what? I'm not going. One what? What? It's a Knorsals guy. Hello? Yes sir. Yes sir, are you? Yes. This is like somebody that can mill a house and see how to use a Tom Mott work and mill a house does. Yes. I was on the street in on drugs and mill a house helped me and you know the people that are afraid of the homeless with him in the neighborhood, the Camille House does help them and rehabilitate him in the neighborhood put money into Camille House they could help more people get off the street and it would be less prime but I was in big prime when I was in drugs but thanks to Camille House I'm not into crime anymore and I'm working. They're just in the Camille House to help a lot of people. Great. Thank you I appreciate it. I just want to comment on tell you that. Good luck. Thanks. Okay. There's an unsolicited testimony a lot of the blue out of nowhere and it's real easy to say well these people are all wine oh is there all mentally ill and they want to live in a street don't feed me that crap that's just an excuse used by people who don't care who would never give a dime by people who just like to look the other way who want to you know just sweep the problem out of the carpet, siphon them off somewhere else and stick them under a bridge somewhere and just pretend it's not there. And all this debate going on about well should we help the people in Somalia and should we do this. I don't think that as long as people have a breath or an ounce of energy that we should allow people anywhere in the world to be starving to death but especially people in our own country that's what really frost my ass. How to help can we just go to sleep and I with any kind of conscience if you don't like make some kind of an effort. Plantation on the starline. Yeah were you trying to say you didn't like the FCC? What? Before 25 minutes ago when I first called you were saying the things about the FCC sounded like you didn't like them. No they're my favorites yeah. Just remember one thing 25 years ago George Carlin first did his seven day dirty words that were paid and nothing changed. What does that mean? What do you think it means nothing changed? No something has changed. They made it a lot more restrictive than that. It used to be the seven dirty words. Now they've come up with his vague ambiguous crap of sexual activity and dexterity activity and they just make it up as they go along so they think nothing is getting better. No it's getting worse. After 12 years of Reagan and Bush it's got a lot worse and then the thing we could look forward to is that on the 20th of January Alan Sikes and a lot of these other repressive right wing assholes or nothing more than lackeys of Jesse Helms and the religious right they're going to be unemployed. Well you're being overly optimistic I think because we have democratic administrations in between in the last 25 years and there's no difference. Of course Carter I guess was more religious but still nothing changed. Carter was impotence or he was the most impotent president we've had in many many years. Don't try to compare Jimmy Carter with Bill whatever his name is. Well I forgot George okay Clinton is like could be a Clinton Avenue in Rochester. What is it? I said have a great day. Okay here's the. Oh man it's one thing to be a little costly but don't you it's so damn depressing. Just cheer up a little was that Joseph Gackie that was Joe trying to get one last shot on a year here I'm sure of it. Hello everybody now. Well hi. Hello yeah okay no you're. You're the first call for me and tell you that Joe born in the Maristakes and in the afternoon was really. Yeah they said they're good. Oh did they have these these claims in the air. They talked about the tragic or the self-own unit date over the last and a down yet. Well what about a few people would like to know what the heck is going on the palm at all. Nobody has taken time to do that. It's a way to head to the north of the Okotabri Road south down all the way down the 830 seconds. Well I think you're expecting a little bit too much. No. You want them to cover more than one road at a time? Oh this is right for God who I'm talking about. Oh my god. I think you lost I think you lost your grip on reality. I did thank you for corrected. You are out of touch with the real world. Yeah as seen through the eyes of Joe Brennan and Mike what's my name, Paxton? Yeah. Uh huh. And those claims do you think we'll ever get a washing again? Or do you have a word or are they? Well it's been a tough year. Well those tough, tough economic times they just kind of poured the gas in my foot. Some day when they get them up in the air again they won't have to keep saying well we just had a tip on the IOD event line. See if we didn't have our listings calling and they wouldn't have any idea what was going on. Oh no kidding I don't need you there was stealth and he couldn't find them because they were invisible. Yeah that is still the flying underground. That's what it is. Getting you phone. I see ya. Oh what a phone to start today how we haven't even said hello yet. And she's on there how can I try and it. Well it was a great call she certainly got a point. But they'll tell it there and they're killing them. Here's the mobile and pop each one about two exciting calls on the board. What are you doing? Can't hear you. You know you're there. There you go great phone. You listen I just heard sure it won't be going to the American Exhault with you huh? Yeah probably not. Yeah did you hear what people are saying? No. Yeah. Yeah. Is that a chair seven this morning as I was going out he said he said I would be willing to bet. He didn't say it was thing. Yeah don't pat on it Pete. I have a great day pat your terminal. Anyway there's a guy he's trying to do a show. You hear this guy he's trying to do stick. I don't want to get into a racial thing but I will anyway because I'm very disturbed. There's like a double standard that goes on and I find it very, very disheartening. I'll see something coming with our lunch now so I feel a little bit better. The story about that grotesque thing in Kissimmee where the pickup truck pulls those people off the road the three white guys who were and it's rumble he had to call what dated that happened Monday or Tuesday. Well whatever day it happened we had to call from Tampa from one that area and evidently the newspapers and the news people over there have come with the story accurately and they understand the real gist of the story and in watching the news and reading the papers I looked at the whole I scoured the front section the hardest morning there isn't the word about it. And the front page of the Sun Sentinel is a little blurb and an inside like way inside the A section there is an article thank you sonny. Three held in car jacking double slaying and it's rewritten from the Orlando Sentinel and it's a little teeny article here. And this isn't that a major story that poor people get dragged out of a car and the three guys are forced to lay down on a ground and two of them are shot and killed and one guy pretended to place dead and is lucky to get away with his wife that's not a major story. Seems to me that it is and talks about three Polk County Minnesota associated with the game called the Jack boys have been charged in a car jacking that ended in two executions to us slaying and an ocular county pasture and then to the end of the story. Tanny George your friend of Clifton one of the guys who was killed was forced to watch the executions and then released on harm the three shooting victims were white. George who is black was released by the killers who are also black and the car we had the other day said the deal was this was like retribution because she was dating one of these guys who is a white guy and the three black guys came along decided to pay a little visit. Now if it would have been the other way around okay. See that's what re-bobbers me about everything that goes on in this society we've gone so far to one extreme now that I just I didn't make any sense to me if the story would have been exactly the other way around and the three victims would have been black and the guys who did the shooting were white and if she would have been a white girl dating a black guy what would that have been called and wouldn't that be like a major story now and would be like on the on the verge of having an nervous breakdown about it for some reason the media in this state and at least in this area seems to be held that on suppressing this story I mean there's an aspect of this story that for some reason hasn't met the idea unless I'm missing something and I just guarantee that my bottom dime to donuts that if the situation were reversed this would be like a big front page story and there would be people have been a risk breakdown about it so it's in the local section in a hero three arrested in car jackie slings what do they say okay I just want to go through real fast the charges are connected with the car jackie and pull county on Saturday we know the story they were forced to address and fly flat on the ground while the robbers are still truck we have confessions from all three of them basically they say one of the victims identified one of the suspects and called it by name and therefore thought he would knew he knew who they were and would tell on them it doesn't say anything in this article anything about the race of any of the people unless I miss something I'm looking at it and there were some very obnoxious racial undertones to this story but I guess because this was an empty white thing I guess it's not news I don't I don't get it I'm not trying to look at the last thing we need to to stir up a bunch of racial crap but it seems that we've got a very definite double set of standards here but hey who the hell am I to talk let's go to the no name lady how you done good morning how are you I'm okay I got a I got a radio now so I'm not standing citizen in my office who loves you Neil and me his radio well isn't that nice yeah Michael if you're out there and you're probably on the we don't have to type on our lines although I'll be honest with the this time of the year tying up of our lines would make no difference believe me well I wouldn't need you at that other guy I tell you it's true what you say you know if those guys were were black the ones that were killed you would have here all this bunch of stuff yeah would have been looked upon is another or a southern winching exactly they don't want to talk about it they only talk about it when it's what kind of crap is that what kind of crap is that that's what the way things are well it's not acceptable to me of course not I was listening to the TV lesson I was hearing about Howard yeah the way they is a true that the FCC find there's company 300 thousand dollars three hundred and sixty forty-six or something like that some grotesque what I'm sure did you see that guy that is the one that's really the one that writes the FCC I haven't seen this geek there's always one geek I heard that was I know he didn't see it and he transcribed everything that they say on the show well that's your son's familiar I mean this man needs to get life he's got nothing else to do you just see him it looks like a hippie see let me tell you something when the FCC accepts complaints from individuals who already obviously have an axe to grind with the station or a personality or whatever it is that how can there be any credence there how can there be any credibility to it and this the commissioner has just been waiting these right wing fascist up there Washington has just been waiting the season upon the opportunity for somebody to come along like this so they can try to stifle Howard Stern the Howard's great because Howard doesn't listen to stuff down he will not be concert he is great I love Howard you remind me of you yeah yeah he does Howard works for people who don't take any crap well that's but I work for a concert but you work well but I'm talking about you yeah because you say like he did well quit talking around have a great day hi oh god for most of them because the what's going back on here and that sales department and Bob Green sits up there up in front room there oh hey everybody hey he's the nice guy okay nothing is happening here man not a god damn thing is happening here and what are they all concerned about there are moving stuff around downstairs for out 105 they're gonna screw up another station out they're gonna take out 105 and turn that into a parking lot God this sales department back there they give what they give me what they give to us here is like it's like slipping a hammer in the middle of your martini that's what they're doing to us God are they pathetic what an excuse and excuse for servicing their clients for having any kind of a conscience any kind of follow through any kind of involvement nothing zero zippity doodah not a as it not a clue you think now that we have three radio stations that we have a chance to screw up that anybody is gonna just say hey I'm in charge somebody raise your hand okay somebody in this building raise your hand it's say I'm in charge I have some of them I'm gonna start like addressing some of these things and you keep waiting and waiting and waiting and it never happens it just it never happens what you got it all right and I hope you enjoyed all right so what are you gonna do about getting another seat you're not going alone are you are you going to a football game alone I don't mind oh I can't I can't imagine going I'm sorry I just I can't huh you're right hold on enjoy it okay there's a guy gonna be sitting alone in the 444 it wrote 2 seat 24 so go over there and say hi you know do something nice to him because his wife's an old puritanical bitch here's a lady and they saw hello mom I'm trying to call you on out of town live but I keep getting to know why is that I just wanted to ask you what way to me what do you can get hung up by what my George I can't call in like it's hung up on but you can't call long distance so you've got to be in Florida call on it line well what do you mean get hung up on well the phone keeps you know you know what I mean no I don't well I just wanted to say you have a great show and I think listening to you for couples months now great I'm so what do you think about him alone too oh it's my favorite oh God in fact I think that little kid ought to be like hung up from a tree somewhere but she just like to beat the crap out of him with a 2 by 4 I would I would I'll volunteer I have a great new year mom okay you're wrong bye bye home alone too oh God what's it all about it's all about hype the holy world is a hype job isn't it? that's what the whole goddamn world is about is a big hype job like Lardaz there's another example there's nothing there it's the same you could hear it once what the right the same old right wing anti-human with the feminazi's and all is oh God I mean even if you agreed with it it's boring it's ponderous and Madonna hype job Michael Jackson hype hype home alone McColley Colkan what kind of a name is that by the way besides obnoxious see I don't I don't like there's one word in English language that I don't agree with percosious I don't know I don't go for this crap about percosious little kids little kids like that are obnoxious and bratty and disgusting and out of control and out of order and ought to be slapped around little bit or a lot is the case maybe in his case I mean like like beaten until a blood is just gushing out of every poor in his body percosious yeah it's like you go into a store and the parents this is going on for many years now for less this is the doctor's spot and I don't mean from Star Trek mentality going to store and the kid is like doing his thing and a parent's or oblivious like they're not even concerned like don't bother us he's just doing his thing and he's like eating candy off the thing and he's not good stuff down and ripping the people's cart out from under their hand and looking up people's dress and I got a little upset when he looked up my dress here today and went Dixie God brat it was the bag boy by the way no it's just party you're sunrise hello hey I ain't happy new year sir bottom's up I have a song for you yes I want to ask your question there before I do it can I say hump it on the air can you say humpin yeah no you can say something you can't say humpin what is that sound I keep hearing on a phone you know what that is it's from the news booth there somebody's left that thing open it's not on yours it's our news people again keep leaving at the dam potter and we keep hearing that crap from the traffic assholes gone almighty that's bad real bad it is bad yes so anyway hump what humpin humpin humpin humpin Miami Springs yes I was listening to Jimmy stuff low and he said it was true that anyway the dog was on the most he decided to him yeah well if anybody would know we have no that Jimmy man what a sense of humor you talk about a you know the one word that comes to mind what I think about the first team as they call it on w q a m the one word that comes to mind is lackluster lackluster I mean Jimmy cephalo again don't nice guy good guy like Jimmy and you know not too bad football player he could catch it every now and then in the ball too but lackluster I mean so comatose and so low key and so in a morning I mean you don't want to go back to sleep again dolphins and you'll leave the least penis I mean I think I only had one eye oh speaking of Mitch Lewis by the way well also rather remembers I have no preview series ago we got a whole bunch of crapped your member Mitch by wait a minute let me just do something here i mean either okay well that's all you need to hear on that one one more time you're right okay say we get the picture we could sit so you know what I'm watching now family what channel am I on here just a second oh it's on w al r every day I want to clock it's that cuz I mean I watch Santa Barbara anymore it's going off the already day and it's gonna be very depressing and all the good people are dead except rafing they're got them all like bandages up and covered up anyway so I waste your time so I'm watching family and there's James Brad Rick driving the car which is quite a trick because he's dead and there is say that who's got that oh she's got always that look always that like kind of constipated oh I haven't had a good B M in years and I'm really worried about it look