Please fit just goodbye, Auntie. Just the lie, I am not a nancy... Here! I have to even offer my prey for deniedly Look is Enamelai on the new gel rats Mustunoxry His pants be I thought of all the faith we've been through And how I had guess and she did too I just brought her to her achievements She could have the odd room And we ate his face between us That could spend her fencing too They'd try to get sad And if she marched us as better than the knees came And the eyes stuck to bottom And the thinking to bow Forgiveness Forgiveness Even if with every wave She peed as blood And evermore They're all waiting in your life Who will you deny that they ever fart You know they poop so bad I'd rather look you in the eye than the face you're wrong Than the front bump those bad shoes And drop you along They they have tried to decide If she marched us as better Than the friends like you And the friends like to scare And what if we can bat Forgiveness Forgiveness Even if with every wave She peed as blood And the thought of being She called Welcome to Space Station 153 at W.I.D. We're having a little pseudo intellectual conversation over Some rice and cramp Rice and beans So how do you get your thing? Don't talk because they get upset When you're on the show But do you get your thing straight And out with your tent? Okay Let's go to a Thank you for having me I'll be with you Hello Hi there How are you doing? Okay I'll play at the list of you there Today you make my day Well thank you so much sir I'm going to turn five You're playing this up Are you cereal? Oh yeah Well that's good for me Cause I'm on my way right now Okay there on the air Just before the Hollywood exit There are 64 miles in there I'm going to put on my Governor right on my thing You need to go to your pumpkin I'm going to stick him right on my hood And go up to about 180 Of course there are no other highway But coal cars anywhere else in the turn If you break down you wait But they're getting their feeding friends Well they're busy Now they've got to get it all in before That thing goes into effect Thank you sir You have a good day Thank you sir See that's the thing That building here that day That he signed it in law But all the stuff that passes now Doesn't go in until he used to be October 1 but I think now it's your life First or sometimes you lie So now they've got to make up for what time they're going to lose in the future So they're going crazy Homestead Hey Neil how are you doing buddy Okay paly I have one question Neil Yeah Please tell me is it too early to say Sammy Smith sucks Oh geez That old is yet too early But where the hell is that one where it says Sammy still sucks Where is that thing I'll find it for you sir Just to make sure okay Thank you sir And we know it without the instant replay I appreciate it Okay have a great day Well I was thinking about that this morning I get this frightening feeling that I'm psychic Because I had a dream this morning That I went to Vegas and I didn't win 2 million dollars And I think that's probably the right one Where is the thing I can't find anything Roger probably screws with all my cards and they come in Well you got a crappy following system Don't we have what that's a Sammy still sucks Huh? Oh we have this Samy sucks Oh Yeah But then we have the sequel to that Which I'll find eventually Okay here's Cooper City Hey Neil how you doing Pretty good Listen you heard about the new cubs ticket thing The ticket thing Yeah they got two programs You buy one you get one free And if you buy two you get the pitch that day Yeah exactly you're right Listen I found a new found respect I got this for it's not a laughing matter sir There's a lot of truth in what you say Oh it's true but listen I found a new found respect for you Okay yes When you actually went on the air and said that 98% of your people don't care about the harness track And I think it took a lot of good to admit that Why is that? Because you're always talking about it Oh see one thing I learned a long time ago is that if you go on the air Like certain people in this business I'm not going to mention names Only care about like baseball cards Okay including one who's a good friend of mine in my attorney The audience out there Can you imagine stop and think about this Can you imagine what percentage of the public is interested in baseball cards And then if that percent can you imagine how many might be listening to you at a given time So you're talking about like a room with the holiday in like 50 people okay Out of potentially millions of people out there You can't just drone on and on and on about the things that only you're interested in For your your dead meat I think so if I just said here in time I mean I could talk about racing all day Because I love it I love the track And I try to keep it to a minimum because most people out there don't care about it This and this morning you hit on something when you put those two people together on the phone Yeah next time in drags out a little bit just stick all the lines on one at one time and little more talk to each other Exactly the deserve it. There you go have a great life. Have a good right. Oh, okay. Have a good right home Well, that sounded ominous 157 at W. I would be in fact I have to take my vet into the up to a ed morse Not because there's any problem. I love my vet caught. I love the car is so phenomenal But GM called me a few days ago and they have like a little recall thing where they're like about a half it doesn't So minor teeny things that they're changing and so he's got all the parts and they do it and then they give you a car to drive for a day and all that other stuff Like the engine and now no, I don't know what they are little minor don't go knocking my and you know the interesting phenomenon that I've noticed No, seriously the thing I noticed that's happened on your show now all these pumps that call it about the new Mazda It's always comparing to the vet. So we're actually forgetting about the horses now and all these other crappy cars finally at least They're coming into the real world and they're starting to compare air the new standard is has compared to the 92 vet And you're finally getting it right because the 92 vet is the best damn car. It's been made in a long time, okay And I'm sure that new Mazda you're talking about is going to be a beautiful car and but 31 grand 35 you can get a vet And I got news for you. A vet is a much more stylish car I don't care what anybody says I know I don't agree with you at all. I didn't get that vet because I wanted to be the only one on the road I got it because I liked it, but I did see two others that cut her I'm painting it I still I don't care what any of you say I still like that pimple be over the yellow and the pink I like it man I love it and I'm gonna tell you he was for about how much 10 grand No, about 35 Really that like that 4,500 big ones man. Let's see if my check will cover that Oh, yeah covers it and then some What you don't want to know how much I make that that's that's tacky is hell I've worked long hard years to suck this kind of money out of these asses out of these nice people here And I'm gonna drain here and especially for this extra half hour that I'm doing public service on the micro near you See I didn't realize that was also part of the deal in court. You don't know that not only do I do no I do fundraisers for the commllo House I also do 30 minutes a day for the infirm radio broadcasters who can't handle it anymore, okay So I do like 30 minutes a day for the age of micro-nere all right because he can't keep it up from 9 to 10 He's having enough trouble from 9.15 to 9.30 with the mystery record in there man. Oh, God and the show too Well, listen have a great day and that's oh God. I feel so all of a sudden I feel have a great day at the state And have a great wedding congratulations. I wish you and your lovely bride the best. I hope your tent gets straightened out I hope he gets your political I hope I hope she works on your politics because she seems like a really hip with it and not too much like a vibrance I'm sorry Laura court well, I was I'd say another Laura court is back with her boring book on Rick and Sugs and News from my to plan of John Sony on Sports Talk and big Hank with Big Janet Reno tonight This is how Florida's news traffic and weather station News talk radio 610 WIOD My annual board-routter bail in the Palm Beach Good afternoon. I'm Chuck Meyer in the 610 WIOD News Center Here I'll help me to see Canadian Wait the hundred pound a day pound around with the speed of our tender for big hangin down Hey Okay, I was wrong I lied the book of Brian Pulitzer that the song was based on a sign what year 60 something? 68. 68. The Tams called what? The young, the young, the hungry, foolish, be happy and the be still my sweet to think And the Tams also had to hit what kind of food do you think I am on ABC per about 1964 but it seems to me It seems to me that Bill Deel and Iran Dells had the big hit on what kind of food do you think I am? That amazing that the Tams and the bus But that's enough 1027 WIOD Miramar Hey Neil, I got a problem with your reporting on the traffic ticket reporting there By reporting on the traffic? Yeah, I've had a TAMP I had two speed tickets, 187 and 188 and on my certified copy from the state of my driving record last seven years I have no entries for the quick in the past seven years Now I checked on this and they said the only ones that we stay on your driving record We wrote it to the point of success, the sister not Do you why charge your blacks and intentional reckless driving? I don't know this three and anything else can be erased by going to a traffic school I don't believe it I'm telling you, I'm holding my record right in my hand Well, you may be on your right, you may have it in your hand and you record too But I'm telling you that's talked to a lot of people and they helped them in the same thing Well then I'm about what everybody wants to say It must have just changed Because I've had, I'm looking at the copy of my ticket because I got two speeds It's 187, 188 and on my last seven years my actual copy, I said it would be real quiet I got zero No, I already checked on this and they told me the only one Because even if a judge gives you a fine over points, like I said, it's charged blacks and DUI and intentional reckless driving Those are the only three things to stay on your record for three years He will withdraw point, they didn't get to the bottom of this We're going to get a Perry Mason out of the check it out for us All of the traffic ballads Come off with school Okay Running stop signs, speeding with no one to 15 over a speed limit Well, I'd like that Okay, said we'll check it out Thank you there Okay, bye 1029 and Wioding They can be right We'll be the first time you've lied a lot on the stuff 1029 and Wiod let's try candle hello Hi, Nidal, yes sir My opinion about red click on is a cash and almost doing make good pressions The latest new district Clinton is engaged in 30 businesses Songa is a very chose for the Democrats Do you think so? Well, I'd say so because it's probably at least as our ticklers as you are yes Yes, the Songa is a righteous guy, he's a big clear and he thinks Here is Mudpie Be beside you, yes He has to clean line, just because he's a son of a gun Right, and we want some real good clean labour up there So we all be just as clean waste, so our livers can be as clean as his is We're right in need of that amount as much chances we do Sir, he's got no chance Who got no chance? Songa is a manga, she got no chance in his pants Believe me when I tell you that He couldn't win a fixed race, he didn't be elected dog catcher Can't break your arm What? You have to win to the primary scum of the North Okay, I'm waiting We got two of them coming this Tuesday He'll annoy and Michigan man And if he don't tell any, of course he's anti-labor And he was in there with the unions and the plants And they were looking at him, they had their little thing out He was looking at his nose and he's a group He's a group He's a one who's not the leaders to drive, not better Okay, fine, and see you Man, look at kind of a thick tongue that guy 1031 at WIO Doney, open line in date, 751 Oh, here's Sal on the photo, it's got to call really early But I guess this is early enough for him Get a haircut, what'd you place? Sal, see that he's so, see? Now you know why I got problems? Slow, you're slow, get with it Let's go 1030 tomorrow, you just woke up Taking a day off Yeah, I'll bet you are Get a haircut, please The Prince's valiant of plantation acres, folks No big What are you good looking at hearing in your nose? I think that would be good match to the other ones No I think your father should kill you without a haircut You came home with you, did you mean to tell me they didn't say anything about that? Oh yeah They should have beaten the crap out of you, what they should have done He almost cut my hair off Good, excellent Good taken Anyway, yes today I'll tell you one thing, if you come home, like over the weekend And you find a vest with a fish in it I think that should be a good hit, don't come home again Yeah, nah, anyway That guy that called yesterday, cracking on my hair Okay Cracking on your hair? Yeah, my hair, you know? Crack this, Sal Okay, maybe later, anyway Now, why don't you just go where that laugh? Don't do that again It's going to be between the hair, the earrings, and that laugh That's your history Well, the neighborhood's going to be looking out for you First of all, I got yesterday He don't know what my head looks like, right? Yeah I do Right, you do a thing I know what your head looks like You can talk about it You could talk about it Right, I will talk about it And tell you, butchop and cut the crap, it looks ridiculous Not a laughing matter, Sal It's not a laughing matter Poor you, poor you're going to impress with hair That goes like it's 75 to record We're going to impress with that I don't have to impress nobody Okay, so in other words, you just want to be a fool You just want to be free to be a good look like a jerk No, I have to ball, do something like that to my head Great, well hey, why don't you agree Like a license plate number on top of it Like put a ring on your nose And thing in your perfect That'll look really good And then say, well I have the balls to walk around Looking freaky man, that's great I'm like, I look like every other more on man You don't, you wish to look like every other country You gotta look like that No, if there reminds me of it's like the 60s When they all said that we want to be individualist man We want to think first of And they all looked and they smelled the same You know, they didn't shave, they didn't bat And they walked around like slob And they were all the same They were all worried, hippies man We're individuals They all looked the same Because they wanted to be like everybody else And they were, I'm going to do Hey, I got, I'm on vacation I'm going to the met game today Oh great No, not only is he a bad hero But he's also a met spanned by the way Oh, let's do it, I've got a bigger portfolio Yeah And I started this morning and there she was Playin' next to me So Oh, go, go That's what you're going to get with that here I think sound needs to go over We'll get the alleys ads in your doorstep For these private friction dancing I think that may be the only way to go It's in the dark, I don't ever know the difference Friction dancing Private friction dancing When it's out, you get that long straightened out Have a great day, sound All right, wait, hold on, leave Yeah, I got a call from a douchebag Yes People at in with minus coin, they're all douchebag That's a big ring See, you just stepped on the cart The camp police did that Who did? You did The guy said I agree And you stepped on it Have a great day, sound Bye, Diel See you You get my long straightened out, man It's as brown as lyric king's thing We have an open line in the center square W-I-O-D Paula here guy was here before by the way Paula here shampoom man Not to be confused with Paul the her slicer Who brings his flu-be in Every month Is that what they call those? What do they call those things? Slow-be Slow-be Slow-be same thing Flubby sounds a little more exciting to me Hey, how's your flu-be Paul? Anyway, it's 25 to 11 at 610 W-I-O It's an a two-mid state, huh? Like Arizona I can eat out Alex just handed me a phone message The came in the morning I guess From Bob, I'm not going to even mention the name I've caught an adult cable, how about that? I was and I'm glad you brought me the message Because I forgot to mention that yesterday again I did not receive a phone call A letter a message a note under my door Or a skull and cross bones or anything else from caught an adult cable How about that? Pretty interesting Let's do Miami on a star line, hello Miami's gone on a star line Well that's their problem, like worth Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay This is an FTC chairman, LF like Be strong up by whatever private part you may have Well, don't say that, especially if they're turdions man I don't even get into that I don't think they could be turdions I doubt it That's another way I think that's the problem Huh, I just, it's, it's driving me nuts The most ass-in-ine, the most ridiculous, the most outrageous bunch of crap, in other words, instead of just Weeding out a lot of these licenses of these marginal stations Right And just like closing them down and making go dark You're doing something because they've just overdone it We're just gonna let everybody else buy them up And just have a little monopoly, is everyone And the whole reason is Pretty soon Ted Turner's gonna own everything on cable I'll guarantee you that You'll have like 700 stations on your cable And Ted Turner will like 600 radio Exactly And then just the vacation And the other 20, it'll be home shopping network The best of the vacation for all this if you ask them It's because the business is in the tougher And it was this kind of policy that put them in the tougher in the first place Right All this deregulation during the 80s when they... Right Well the only thing you want to regulate is if you say crap on your That's all they want to regulate That's right They don't have time to regulate the business Because they're too busy sitting listening to tapes For a guy if somebody said douchebag one time too many on a year Or if Howard Stern said dickhead in New York They're all bent out of shape about that Because they got to protect the morality of the public And of little children and everybody else The word police up there are sitting worrying about what they'll use that And I can't believe it but I just saw pony tail walk Struct through the hallway there I can't believe it Bro string is brought up too I've had the same time and make a hell of a quenella That's right From Howard number three Another priorities are completely ass backwards Then I have the capers so far I think the business is going to like this though It would like you'd like the general manager of six radio stations Oh great Disney World Yeah You got it Could have been the Epcot Center of radio Just stick him on space mountain man and we've got him to spin right Yeah, go piece the concoction No, we've already got go piece the PD Yeah, there you go So the caper on the obvis is really going to make you apple-plectic At the anyb convention in April next month Who are they going to honor who's the keynote speaker who's the pick-a-who Probably I would think super day Nope, even worse Larry King Ronald Wilson Reagan Yeah, fits right in Yeah, oh The guy who killed him Right, the guy who helped the gun did their head and let them put the trigger themselves That's right That's like Rick Rally vote and for Papy Cannon man Because he's a real liberal and wants freedom And yeah, that's Rick Rally And home man Politically incorrect Well, I'm losing control of my bladder I gotta go I can I can eat out 1044 a W.I.O.D. What are you doing here this early? They don't open for another 45 minutes over there I don't know when you're going to be here this early You could have brought us some crap today Yeah, yeah But he didn't, did he? I don't think we can wait till 1135 I'm just ravenous this morning Starving over here What have we got? We have anything around in the neighborhood That he can go get a cockle bell or something Uh, well, you know that soup is good But God that gets old, you know what? It's old We need something new and good Aren't you going to floor us? Ha ha ha ha ha ha The greatest the best Jeff Cohen delivers from Florence Ha ha ha ha ha Oh, so anyway, what is the deal? Were you right about your club seats that you are going to You will be able to get those and I can buy them right? For like $80 million Who's dog rating? 16 W.I.O.D presents the need Touch and talk with Neil Dio 751 W.I.O.D. From day in Broward It's five to four W.I.O.D Outside the real five airy code So free 1-800-944 W.I.O.D And Bell South mobility customers Make a free call by dialing star I.O.D Look at that here. Your opinion is extra. What's in the... Not necessarily those of this station Now here's Neil Rogers on Newlings.Ragio 6th W.I.O.D He's round his middle with the jiggle when he walks Straight round his middle with he walks Happy first! What is this? It's a gold earned his older head The biggest over ice That's way around his middle when he walks What is this? It's that bitch and it's selling you in The free W.I.O.D That's way around his middle when he walks What a chubby old head That boy is a really like to child There's a long neck They've had a chance to a really easy day It's a dream But it's tough It's painful, but it's jelly-roll The biggest reason for flesh That's way easier is rotation when he walks The trees round his middle with the jiggle when he walks The trees round his middle when he walks The trees round his middle with the jiggle when he walks He's not just hangover He's a hippo problem That's bad, it's really bad 9.35 at W.I.O.D Feel better today my throat though It's like if you cut it with a paranoid A paranoid thing But hey, that's not low cue there We're going to get some soup in here Early this morning, Deniburg went over and called sunny We'll see if something happens about that Highly unlikely because Deniburg is totally lost When it comes to the food Can't get anything done right First order of business we are giving away A pair of Marlon's season tickets How do you like that? Do we know where these tickets are going to be Club seats because that's a one-themed boy You're in a neglected tummy But it did say it's worth about three grand So I assume that these are like the 15 or $16 really good seats We wouldn't give away cheapos would we? What you never know But anyway it's a good deal These are a pair of season tickets for the 1993 Marlon's baseball season And if you like to win them, I'd have to do a set of supposed card You must postmark them April 1st or earlier April 1st is what? Two weeks from my yesterday Right? Something like that And the drawing will be on April 6th between 9.32 on this Here's show, send your postcard Just put on the postcard on the back Marlon tickets with the name of address and shoe size and joc-size Said it to Marlon's tickets Wiod myemate 33141 Marlon's tickets Wiod myemate 33141 So we'll have a drawing on a show on the 6th of April And some must lucky stiff out there Gonna win a pair of season tickets Not bad Not bad, put my name in a couple of times, George Also, support the fight against AIDS, the comic strip Comedy Club 1432 North Federal Highway for Loderdale Invites you to join them for the evening of Maramate and Mouth this Sunday March 23 Uh, the evening will be MCed by Donna Moran Featured Act will be David Goodman and headliner Max Dull Celle I have no idea who that is but it'll be fun anyway $10 per cover will benefit center one the oldest and largest AIDS service agency in Broward County For reservations and ticket info call 441-8200 Showtime 8pm this Sunday the 23rd 441-8200 And I mentioned the other day, I talked a lot about that movie Monday night And wouldn't you know that finally I had on something Foxes doing time on maple drives scored the highest rating in share ever For a fox made for television movie Monday, I drawing 15% of viewers That's all together, coast to coast Foxes show that's pretty impressive Great movie, somehow we got to get a hold of copies of that from our good friends at Channel 7 Who may not be good friends anymore because I noticed that on my windshield Yesterday I leave the station and there's a thing on WSVN station area one of their little note pads Please help us save Bob thanks There is nothing more than I would like to do than help save Bob so far because he's a great guy And I can repeat all of stuff I said yesterday The only problem I think is that it's a little bit too late Because the rumors have it that the Canadian BIMBET A Who's going to replace Bob is already here is that true? It is true She's already here and not only is he's have to suffer the ignomnius The crap but he's got a trainer So he's going to be for however long he sticks it out over there These next seven months he's got left on his deal He's got a like break her in so to speak or break her leg one or the other I think breaking both legs is a big good idea So I still encourage everybody to write to Channel 7 WSVN Your hometown station 140179 is because of my MIME 3-3141 And let him have it do everything you can to just demand that sopper be saved Save our sopper I said that yesterday and then I find out that some fat FMG this morning Is running the same to save our sopper campaign You know Paul I got to tell you one thing You are as original as Alice Renteel I mean you haven't had an original between you and Lee Fowler And speaking of morons on a radio This is what somebody started yesterday Remember they started the thing about Mr. Rigo And I didn't let it go because I'm not going to discuss and promote the light bulb You know what it was? Comes on here Monday I'm home with a flu I'm sick as the dog comes on here Well the reason he's not honest morning Neil Rogers is left Wild This is the same guy who told you that Rick and Suds wouldn't be on the second of March They were getting canned The same guy who told you that Hank was going to be doing after noon drive Months ago and they were getting canned I mean you talk about credibility You can't complain about his because he don't have any Just spew out any kind of crap man just to anything Just went and out spew it out you asshole 21-10 on your friendly station Look it never come down on the right We're gonna make it And now another Warren hitly Volvo pop culture quiz For the next 60 odd seconds I'd like to talk about your ears After all you're probably using them right now And taking these marvelous little inventions for granted You can poke holes in them nibble on them And they'll even keep glasses from falling right off your head Then when you think about the deal you got You'll thank your ears for listening I'm so excited You think that lady and Miami are still on the starline after that long break Hello, you're still there Yeah, what a great amount Are you doing the deal? Okay, so I just feel better Well, it's marginal Marginal Marginal? Well, I saw that movie Yeah, um, doing time on maple something I've watched it three times already Okay, watch it three times I thought it was really really a good movie It really made you think that it I thought I felt so bad for that kid Which one? The one that ran the car is... How about his brother? I mean, how do you feel sorry for that whole family? The whole family boy just totally dysfunctional Because of overbearing parents who wanted everybody to be perfect And live up to these unrealistic standards just crazy It's not the way it is and they go So much truth in that movie Right, so much on target It rang a lot of bills for a lot of people I agree, I thought it was outstanding Yeah Why didn't I call him to a hello this morning? Well, thank you so much for hanging in there You're welcome I got a great day You did, I'm fine Chili peppers, he'd have to cure for running noses It says Since it's going around, everybody's got it Ooh And a quest to stop running noses Researchers have turned away spicy source Red hot chili peppers The ingredient that causes the pepper's burning sensation A chemical called capsaicin Can de-sensitized nasal nerves That cause running, sneezing, and congestion But just eating chili peppers won't do the tricks As Alcus Toghaya, so Johns Hopkins as my analogy center The problem is he says you have to put it in the nose I'm playing with my nose Exactly So that's a deal If you've got the crowd like I do And like everybody else seems to have it You're like all stuffed up and you know is running And you got the sinus crap Get somebody else red hot chili peppers man And stick them right up your nose Giving new meaning that old expression Take it up to nine forty five And also by the way Mike Kitas who won the thing on a mic We'll show this morning Mike hates you like poison and says you're a snore And you keep putting all these prizes And you show up everywhere he goes And you're kind of like a lizard bob And they just go away He can't stand you Also He can't stand that guy He can't stand these free loaders The snores Let's spread the goods around a little bit We got the driver showed on the pop at the night Kevin Wallace and Bruce Ranger And the George says the Cuban guys are ugly And the Cuban women are mostly become fat and the grotesque But not the women in my family But not the women in his family And he's just sucking around when he says that And the women are mostly become fat and the grotesque But not the women in my family But not the women in his family Except for the women in his family And he's just sucking around when he says that Because in the most Cuban guys are ugly I couldn't disagree more And if Orlando were here he'd probably punch your ass out Homestead Yeah Anya Yeah What's up How you doing? All right You still think Yeah Yeah I got the flu now Really? Well try some of those chili peppers up here And I was can't hear Yeah, just burn you up on it Yeah Or maybe someplace else, Miley And I'll just burn that baby right out I just call him to call somebody a goosebag Yes sir My wife will hate tonight Boy, this is... Yeah What a slut So Monica, you think this way Okay All right, thanks Feel better Feel something 947 at WIV, so what do you think? Most Cuban guys are ugly and jerks are ugly and hairy And they have like one big eyebrow that goes across the top of their forehead How they judge quite frankly is probably an Ojo on Provocatory Probably from Peru or somewhere and put on a fake Cuban act to get sympathy We have two open lines a day, 751 And another thing I wanted to talk about yesterday I forgot because we were so intensive in ripping Rick Riley Justifiably so by the way See, yesterday he got back into something he knows about He heard the first caller Well there's 42 inches of peck powder out there in Colorado That's more like it Rick Stick with that skiing man It's right up your alley, Sally But the thing on 60 minutes on Sunday about J. Leno I was so depressed after I saw that I mean I come in here and I'm not too mild-horn Because there are a lot of guys Rick and Suts come in They do four hours every day, five days a week Except for anus I mean it's all strictly off the top of your head And they call her as a lot of times come up with some funny stuff Even bi-axon But I mean here's a guy who's got all these writers Like three four guys they sit around a table before clock in a morning With all these three by five cards And he's recording all these one lineers And listening to it back and listening to the inflection And I got news for you It ain't paying off Jay or Johnny or any amnius Pay off in the paycheck and a wallet But in terms of being funny if that's the best those guys can do With all those writers and spend it all that time And there's something damn wrong going on today I'll tell you that Maybe it's just that the comics today suck Most of them because back in the days of the Suts Caesar show And he used to have Carl Winder And Mel Brooks goes like that and he were funny And it was really funny stuff But I'm getting choked up about it 949 at WIOD It's honor the ugly Cubans day Asciation starts that because that's going to be perceived as an ethnic thing And Jorge Mascanosable come on and call George a redneck And we'll start a whole big deal here today And let's see Which means the George is a redneck 953 at WIOD Here's the Miami hello I know yes sir Listen um, may you the only thing happening in the valley Get that I want to hear it and spoil it, you know about the barlins or a basketball with the heat Yeah, you know what they had on the Internet and the port stock Probably some football geek We're number one, Erickson Oh, are you serious? All righty Neil. It's the 18th of March It's the 18th skin is not in the air I'm telling you Oh, and I had to switch to a QAM, you know Yeah I didn't know how to choice I just want to say something from my friend Tony Yes sir Tony, hold say he does have words to kiss Can I ask you a question by the way? Yeah, are you Cuban? Yeah Okay, because George made this, George is Cuban himself I want you to understand that Yeah, everybody knows Well he pretends to be And he said the Cuban guys are ugly Maybe he's ugly Well he's probably just talking about him They also said that Cuban women are like a whole bunch And it's easy to look like Egyptians and drag He didn't always talking about you Well George is married to a wasp, a very tall, attractive wasp I think he's got his own prejudices They're going to have to work on People will find him like a real fat Cuban babe on a side or something Exactly Teach him what it's all about Okay, have a great day Take care, Neil Adios He just need the little change of pace George That's what I keep talking to Orlando 1954 WIOD We have an open line in date Where's my goddamn soup man If you see this thing about life When you need it, you don't get it When you don't even want it, it's all around you You know what I'm saying? I'm not just a soup either But when you really are desperate for it It's just, uh, just ain't got to be there You know what I'm telling you? Here's a lady in the gables Hi Neil How you doing? I'm Cuban Yeah, and you're not ugly or fat I'm 30 years old, I worry 95 pounds I'm 50 Well, I go to the high I stand by four But, um, I'm about five three Yeah Are you married? No You're not married No, I'm a good looking person Well, what's the story of a boyfriend? A couple A couple A couple, three Four One of the freaks day of the week Huh? Are they Cuban? No, I can't I can't What? They have worked in Oh no! I like Jewish men You like Jewish men because they're circumcised Well, the Cuban men that are circumcised Only the only the wealthy Cuban men I think the only one who's a woman Yeah, that's a problem Right, that's the problem Only the only Cuban men that were um, wealthy Or circumcised Why did it cost a lot for the bris? I don't have no idea Maybe you could use like a gold-played 9% I don't get it You know, but I thought that the Cuban guys were bored How old are you? 32 32 Well, Cuban guys were bored in this country I thought are mostly circumcised Well, these are according to my experience Yeah, but they're uh, huh? I don't like human Why are they like ugly and fat and hairy? No, because they play around Ah, there you go I see the stereotypes that Cuban guys Get married to a Cuban woman Who is going to have their children Then they have like an Anglo-Gerl-Fran on the side That's the stereotype Oh, whatever I'm going out with the boys And I, yeah, right baby Yeah Well, yeah, there's another story And they are going out with the boys Yeah, they're coming tomorrow Yeah, full of the boys Trust me when I tell you Yeah Well, I think you made the right choice Just stay put loose and fancy free That's it And tell George next time you talk to me Yeah, George, he's full of crap Okay Anyway, can I call somebody these things? You're ahead No, not this one Who is it? I'll call Kirk I met you You met who? I met you You met me Yes, a piece of law Oh great Yeah, you're going to come up with a curse I do a spell You're going to be there again On Tuesday, March 31 You can come up again And give George a punch in the face Are you going to be there again? Yeah, March 31 No, I'll call under that end Okay Have a good one Bye bye I didn't miss quote you with all George I'm quoting you exactly what you said You said, two men guys are mostly ugly And a hairy they're like Ron Jeremy Without the circumcision That's exactly what you said You said You have to start a whole afternoon king thing here today Oh, by the way, it's interesting Speaking of that, the Senator Alan Dixon Of Illinois is going to be history Didn't even win his own party's primary Got beat last night And much much to do about the fact that he defected And turned coat and voted for that right wing Sliumball, Clarence Long-Dong Thomas To the Supreme Court I'd be like that So it's not just rubber gates It's going to bounce some of these assholes out of there But people have been watching Even though they're more ons most of them They've been watching Lubeark closely That some of these guys think Bill Clinton for president Got my vote about ten times And my mother who says that she's not going to win Who fools around I got news for her Okay, she's vote on election day If I have to drag her with a freight train With a tractor Or else You beat that? She's not voting for a guy to be president of the fools around I said to her, what about Ken Lee and the Eisenhower and Roosevelt Well, I'll nobody knew about that So in other words, if you keep it a secret it's okay But as long as she knows it Then she's not going to vote for it How do you like that? What a pilot crap, ma You idiot Let's go to a Daytona Beach There you go! Yeah, given people our fish mouth Oh, when you stop They do Is that why you're up there in Daytona? Try to get away from us Great, great Great, great Oh, great, great Oh, shoot them Shut up, shut up When you're injured, George said that to you an asshole But if we don't want to get into a big ethnic battle here now If the angle is in the Cubans together We just have to stop that all straight down like that Oh, I'm shooting for you Okay, I'm shooting for you 9.59 is WI or D You're the Cuban spell to George How about Indians? Well, I don't want to get into a whole ethnic thing here Then just mind in my old business And George made some inflammatory ethnic Americans who don't people And I'm getting in the middle of it I don't, I love everybody Okay? Well, I do have all of those pictures here I looked at you I was a denim burgundy and sonny in the suit Okay, so he said in burgundy You are not already an asshole You're useful, you're a little quick You can't get the job done But you can't get anything done You're for it Just like Wasteful states on the face of the planet I'll be wilder the years And thanks for the great Wasteful people They're humming cars in by the way Henry, nice job Mr. O'Bill Wicked does have the wheel of meat Top 10 tabloids, charred headlines And to the thick given Joe on football Top 6, so 5 and the preview of the N.D. Devolary goes college, youth man It's getting hot and heavy To heck over, show 8 to 11 o'clock tonight This is it Who's dog radio? Second WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show The good intention to talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day Can brown it's five to four WIOD Outside the real five air you're cold Toe free 1-800-944-WIOD And Bell South mobility customers Make a free call by dialing star IOD The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers For not necessarily those of this station Now here's Neil Rogers on news dog radio 610 WIOD The ring is your better than I am Even the competition agrees The Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the bomb beaches Is the best morning show in South Florida I think I don't get the nice here on an AS station As a hero in my book you're like stay tall as the quietest You got no problem with me Even the other morning shows Listen to the Neil Rogers show On later 4 Happy beating the ring You better than I am Well what can we say about that? I am that hemorrhate 12-06WIOD You remember the time I saw Joey and when Dixie that night And I came on the year that's a couple of months ago And I mentioned it and I'm sure it was him I'm positive and we got all these different Wildy conflicting stories about Joey Does anybody care? I'll sunrise Well now that I guess Paulie's gone and well George is out of his mind I guess I guess Bill Clinton is the only one with a little foreskin Hey Neil, how you doing? I'm out here in beautiful sunrise today Who the hell is this? Who is this? This is Mr. Nouncer Oh, well it's a nice wonderful I'm an answer just like you Neil Well that's great. What station do you work at? Exxon No I don't work at any station I'm self-employed and I just sit there Little package is this? Well I mean you're like out of work on a beach Good, join a club Let me tell you something Go ahead I am a virgin, I mean a virgin collar with your fabulous show And I would just like to tell you about this Commendants, I mean absolutely Can you believe I talk like this? Yes, absolutely ridiculous Fuck, meeting that I saw today As I was driving off the C horse expressway I'm talking about the songgrass of course Neil So that really sound official Anyway, I was talking about the song that the car was like I ain't gonna be in Neil What your foot's ball? What is this? Was being bang in drag or what? Well I thought they'd... God Anyway, I'm coming off the C horse expressway At some point You're coming off as something All right, I think it's a three day drunk Well, no I'm... I'm... I haven't had a drink in years Right Anyway, I'm coming off the C horse expressway Looking off to my left And what do I see? But there must have been more pigs than in a pig pin Neil, I didn't have to drive through I had to walk through there And guess what Neil? I heard the reason that the police people over Is to see if they have like SIGLE that lighters that are hot And now give you a ticket All right What if the meeting of those people? They have the hotometer And if your thing is too hot man You're your history I'll pay it You did, guys These guys deal so there must have been There must have been at least a dozen Who is this? This is Mr. Anotra Seriously who is this? Who is this? We've got to know who this is Who is this? I wouldn't repeat my name on the... I'm here Even if I had your paycheck Yeah, I bet you would About 20 times you'd repeat it Then you'd only wouldn't have to repeat it again Well, you know me You speak like this Who is this? I'll call you again So, Brian Okay, nice talking to you Mr. Anotra This fabulous relationship It's just Mr. Anotra A benditable sunrise Goodbye Have a nice life, Neil Who was that? I know who that is You know what I'm saying? It's like Jerry Markbright I know who it is But I can't put my finger on it Probably Who was that? Sound like you're cross between Jerry O'ens and Rush Limbaugh Ten minutes pat You know what? Mr. Microphone Mr. Yeah! It's Mr. Microphone Oh, that was what's his name That was what you call it Ron Hershey Highway Wasn't it? No, he don't sound like that You know, it's Mr. Microphone Also, sunny's to embarrass the call And now because he's made a fool of himself He keeps sticking up and And his mouth in public And He's been banned And most of his supporters result So now he's got Mr. Microphone Call again That did sound like him How come he's so good on this show And those things he does on air So lame, got This is Mr. Microphone And it's the sunny fox show With Ron Hershey And Sunny Fox Oh, God Give me a break, Sunny That was Mr. Microphone Call this is probably searching for an audience Sooner or later they all land over here Man they know where the audience is And it's right over there Consumer Credit Law Center Speak of the devil Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha If you're one of the thousands of radio Deadmeats out there, brother Sister Then you need The Consumer Credit Law Center They can remove those Drogatory disgusting revolting Bad Things To recruit a report And everybody deserves a second chance 11 chapter 182 whatever it is. Instead of letting those sit around and running your credit by being on their for seven years, have them wiped away with a consumer credit loss set or get a fresh start. Call them today. 832-01-3-0. Tell a Mr. Microphone told you to call. 832-01-3-0. Have you taken a good look in your closet lately? Anything in this? 632-01-3-0. Have you all screwed up here, George? I was going to put this thing in a phone. I've been talking to our celebrity voice there. I've been suffering with the swelling and the itching and all of the pain that goes along with it for several months now and I've tried everything from sits bats to suppositories and nothing has worked. An amazingly enough the only thing that has worked has been Neil Rogers just by listening to one show all the all the itching has stopped. The pain has gone away and the swelling has really dissipated and at all because of the around you. 1214 we have an open-lighted Broward where Mr. Dušbag was and somebody just dropped off in date. I can't get over that. Look at that. Now I feel really depressed. We were doing so well. You know we start out a little slow, a little late back this morning and then they all got lit up like somebody like little gigantic came right under their butt. 751-W-I-O-D and date in 5-2-4 and Broward cut the rage. Yes sir. I had to follow Mr. microphone. He would that was Mr. microphone. That was his brother-in-law. I have a good call from Death Row. What is it? Death Row. Yeah. Have a good call, so Lisa got a call. Why do you could fool the hell out of me sir? You sound like you're calling from like the Roseanne bars butt. Oh okay. He was talking about gangsters with badges. Yeah. Okay. Here he is. Okay. You know Dr. Surprisewater call got me set off. I didn't set off anyway but she hit it right on the head. You know what was wrong with him and every ask is to like, like him, is it they cater to the policies of Reagan Bush and all their fans who are crony? Yep. I mean it's you know back in the 16th I don't want to be old fashioned but you either part of the problem, the part of the solution. And in every political group they need their sons, their soldiers and good music there. Here we have a state local pig. I arrest a T-H-E-S-U-S. Yep. You know and uh that's to get two parts because I have a six advocate for federal court but I had plenty of so much stolen from the body federal government. And her barrels got a case in federal court. Yep. Cigromes. And uh and this is serious I got to I can't get into the D-C-L. But there were no drugs involved. Yeah. Yeah legal and gold money. It was a must. Both the property. And this is the C-C-C-S port. We have received four million. It's been no portrait and a half I still have my money. Hey. Oh yeah. I'll be there. Don't go like to you sir. Hang in there. Okay. Going back yard and yank that weed out of the ground right now pal. We're here dead meat. 1216 at W-I-O-D. Boy Mr. Microphone Jr just kind of like set me off there. I wouldn't expect that you know and I'm not them still like about uh only 20% recovered from this crud. It's my malalooka thing again if she ever caught if anybody calls me and starts talking to China with that malalooka crap man. I'm just going to jump right through the microphone. Mr. Jupiter. Hello Neil. Hello. How are you? Happy for him to you sir. Okay. I'm a Graham. I don't know what's up. I bet there have a lot of big poor parties up there in Jupiter right now or probably right next door like right on the edge of Uranus. Right out in the farms there. Yeah. All the idlocks on the farm man are really doing it. Here right on. Yes sir. Listen you get your cable hooked up. It wasn't me calling you or whatever. They did find the call me. I will say that last of Friday I believe. I haven't called a back I figure if it took them six weeks to call me. How long about five or six and then give them a friendly? It'll be billing you tomorrow don't worry. No they already are billing me for my old address so I'm not like stealing anything. I have the exact same service. They just don't know that I've got it. And they don't even know that I've moved because evidently they got lost in the translation because they're too busy sending out bills. Yeah really well I thought some on TV they'd look at up right away. 1 800 cable me. So I thought I'd keep it. Tom would tell me call what he'd have to cable this. Yeah cable they're well that's too many letters. Well that's okay. We'll still get the message you grow. That referee is Jerry Mark court. No no wrong Mark right I will bet you every time that I have my paycheck against 50 cents. Well his name is Mark Bright. Well your famous news guy there said that Mark I'm so you're saying Mark Bright now and it's Mark Court. Wrong Jerry Mark Bright. I've been watching the National Football League surf for 36 years. His name is Jerry Mark Bright. I can see his ugly face in front of me right now and I can see him in fadically punching out those arms. I'm out TV time out right now trust me. And his microphone's not working. Right well that's always true. Especially for that but I'm sure Jerry see that hold up. 7000 years old and weighs 14 pounds. What is it you're taking me to take in a way to replay? It's a bunch of crap we finally get something good so that at least once in a row we can get a call that's right not too often. But we can't wait they have a big game and we got one of those calls again. I'm telling everyone I'm taking my helmets Zacharias out to JRS and my artillery and my tank damn he'll be fumbling and yeah. Yep dad. Peter Crenzers of Dooshbeck. Okay going back to Rochester this week. Really? And he's going to eat White Hots and kill his blood pressure goes through the road. That'll do it man just about two days of Don and Bob's and Vic and Irves and that'll do it he'll be dead me. Yeah he'll have a great day sir I give a big kiss on the lilac. I don't get them see you later. Okay oh excuse me. Make a note of that George. We have a note but line out of town. I mean he's called from Jupiter. I want to spoil his image up there. He got a lot of kin listening right now. A lot of kin folk and farm folk and they don't like that kind of stuff. You know what I mean? Them folk. What are we doing now? Oh we're doing Toyota Hollywood. We like them folk man because they're great folk over there. Toyota Hollywood calling all Toyota buyers potential or thinking about it because it's a Toyota buyers alert at Toyota of Hollywood. Don't even think about buying a new Toyota and tell you check with the bald old Irish Patrick Murray happy Saint Patty's day and happy poor on Patrick. Right now, if you're participating in a photo part store by free now a shockster struts in any combination and get one free save on auto light non-resister spark plugs now just 64 cents each after rebate plus building high performance spark plug wire sets as low as a dollar 99 after rebate save now if you're participating in a photo part store her ace LN's April 12th. Fabric said that the birds a liar to the birds a liar. Oh e ur pleasing e Always wear them. We're stuck in a pitiful rust Black will linger in the pond And it became our store The dollar used with bag Like a dollar before The dollar doesn't have another fifty dollar Oh, whoa We don't know We don't know We don't know Good honey for it At WIOD is we continue doing our thing for you every day And I had thirty to two right here in Yahoo City So what's the story? Our Rick and Sets doing that thing tomorrow We still don't know Oh God is that embarrassing Are we doing that thing? Do you know Tim from the stadium tomorrow? We are doing it. Do they know about it? Oh Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Well at least somebody knows about it That's a good start Rick and Sets live from Joe Robby Stadium tomorrow We got a big weekend exhibition baseball at the stadium Now we are suck at around heavy duty to try to get those marlin games back Here's a lady in Boko A lady in Boko's gone Oh, geez don't do that God, I almost flew off the chair I was first time call or Anna first time listener And like I said No, it's the first time listener Yes, I am Where have you been all my life? I don't know I just hear both of you Probably hanging out with Mr. microphone and sunrise Exactly But I was my friend since telling me and I want to hear Clint Eastwood as the beaver Really? Yeah Now the woods you want to see a little beaver in tents before you today Exactly You know it's kind of a little tacky to call on a show that you never heard before the very first day and make a request and stuff like that But since you sound so charming and how long have you been listening this morning or this afternoon or today or whatever About three hours Three hours And what's the verdict? You better say something really nice and suck around then I might play this stuff I think this is incredible, I love it Great And the show too right? Yeah Okay, well go back to your radio and whip that baby up, okay? Okay, thanks Have a great day and bye to wake Happy porrum Thank you Bye bye It's the old new Leigh but to beaver Starring, bond, rebuilding, sleep You both are Tony, don And Clint Eastwood as the beaver You want to deceive me, dad Yes, beaver Sit up I am, dad Keep in mind I'm 6.4 So What's the problem, dad? Beaver, I have never been more disappointed in you than I was today when you walked in the principal's office wearing that horrible sweatshirt Oh, you mean my beastie boys sweatshirt? Right And I just get Understand it Just this morning your mother and I both told you to take that sweatshirt off before you went to school Now why did you deliberately disobey it? I'm on dad, it's the biggest concert of the year Run DMC in the beasties And I already got my tickets Oh no, beaver Oh yeah, dad All right, you can go I tried to bring your home to DMC T-shirt 1227 at WIT Welcome to our little party man, whoever you are So nice to have you with us and see how agreeable we are sometimes unless somebody calls up an act like a psychotic bitch By the way, the doctor Susan Block Show, I want to mention this again I'm no who left this, but I'm pretty excited Can we look into this George? Can we take our show on the road? It says a makes doctor Susan Block makes love to Orlando On WQDQ radio Can we at least get some tapes of that? Somodio effects? Something And she's doing her series of four safe-sex shows With Orlando, I believe, or in Orlando, well that's bad On the subjects of masturbation, phone sex, making out and heavy petting and condoms Not necessarily in that order Okay, 1228, let's go to Hollywood on the Starline Hi, are you doing Neil? I'm doing it man I want to wish you a heartfelt, happy Perum to you and your work Yeah I think you would talk to have ref you were talking about I think it might be Jerry Pentecoli The one? Jerry Pentecoli and the Jerobo, yeah It could be him, but I think it's a great, scary It was kind of embarrassing when a Jerobo would run out on the field and get lost And it was like, relay the game for hours at a time Anyway, I think it's terrible that they removed that See, it's a replay, it's the thing Mark my words sir, Mark right my words They're going to be real sorry, real fast Like a first week of the season next year, they're going to be real sorry Grabfully right, a lot of bad calls left here Yeah, so even with the replay there were a lot of bad calls Can you imagine now it's going to be on Nightmare Terrible Anyway, I want to suck around on the McPurkle time Let's hear a first time caller in the night No, you're done Neil No, you're not Yeah, have a nice life, boy, who you could 12? Yeah, what a sense of humor he's got 1229 at WIOD Let's go home now because I got my check and we had a good lunch Had a call's been not too bad And we had Mr. microphone and we had that the first time you're on lady And we're not too bad today, huh? For a Thursday in a crappy town Starlines open star IOD Fort Lauderdale Good afternoon sir Good afternoon to you sir I thought of needed proper predictor Neil That said You know what the insignia for the Japanese is Orange Sun White background Yes sir That just made all across I love it Just say no What was it like on a toy order? Something else on American car Oh, okay Anyway, sorry Pat Murray in the Great Sense of humor folks Anyway Oh, by the way, there was a thing in the Pat Buchanan had a one of his stupid press conferences yesterday And his wife was up there on the podium And they said, are you going to get rid of the The Mercedes And she got up there She said it's for sale Anybody want to make an offer Uh-huh, not You know? Really? Any way? Listen if you scrape the swastik off the windshield I think maybe we'll look at some of it Fages, pigs Oh, don't about it Anyway, the reason I call I think that the infant replay I think they should give each coach two or three champions to use it at their own It's fresh right And a story But come up with revenue there And advertising and everything they're going to lose Mm-hmm Don't doubt it, I'm short They won't stay fine that out, Ben Don't doubt I'm just reading a thing in the satellite TV We cares today that The NFL because they made such a greedy Disgusting deal with the owners That they're like extending it And it's like almost they're given it to the networks for nothing for a couple of years You know what I'm saying? Were they talking about pay for view now? Were they never going to have to get it? Never will fly Believe me That'd be way, that's not the game if they try that crap That's the fact But about 80% of those games that are on Monday night They couldn't pay us to watch it Anyway If you can give me a little chill on my bones I'm home to Vic, let's hear some Dick Burton Or some T-K-L-W-S-S-T-T Well I think I'm having a relapse Well what the hell ever happened to Dick Burton By the way, Kathy, paying any ass Livingston called the other day And said that when Dick was done on a west coast A couple of weeks ago he was trying to call on the 800 number And of course couldn't get through Which I find hard to believe Because anybody can get through on a 800 line But he's back up a Detroit Making a lot of bucks Okay, sure Have a good day And you said about a fun week WK and I'll see you for a try There you go I'll whatever happened to my C-K-L-Dovity jingles Oh, do you remember C-K-L-W-S-R? Leave it What? Oh yeah, I believe you Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah Well I don't like that But Davies likes it It's nice and slow C-K-L-T-L-W-R-D Yeah, okay now we're doing it Right on the Edsel Ford Express Wacer Okay, thank you sir Have a great day Bye bye See it, lose finder, Delhi Not See it's Kipers table for it They used to be great There was a Delhi Not a Delhi, a smorgous board place There were two of them one in Plymouth And the other one on I think seven mile road Did you try and they were called Skipper's table, sworgous board And most sworgous board places are like for old people I don't want to mention any down here They're like mostly out of business Where they go in and they put their teeth in a glass And it's business while they eat And the spaghetti tastes like the corn And the mashed potatoes taste like the meatloaf And you know, it's a Now this was great Skipper's table And you could go back like a hundred times And I had a friend Salesman as a matter of fact Oh, I shouldn't say that A radio salesperson from Alby and Michigan And before we go to the track and he's a park Or Wolverine at night We go over to Skipper's table And eat about 400 pounds worth of food for like 399 That was the best Skipper's table man They don't make him like that anymore Plantation Hey Neil Yes sir Now a look is on the blue mountain Oh If the thing you got to get to the test You're going to take you out from the morning Grabbed up in the water What does that mean? Mean that You'll be coughing your brains out We mean the thing I got to Head cold Well don't let it drop down Don't let it, how about my cold Head that too Oh no it's like almost gone All right I think you're trying to talk me back into what Aren't you? Yeah Misery loves comforting Okay How we're going to tell you If you still got father in tenth of today Yes The only thing I've seen that's bigger than you are still Is that day I walked up behind Hank Goldberg at the track They can eat Okay Smart ass man I'm 30 Which one have I got out I don't even know which one of these I got out I'm so damn godfather in tenth of I got them all out Oh Number two Number two I'm telling you I tell you when you're having a stressful traumatic awful day, there's just something so soothing About this music, you know? I know about you but it sure does it for me It just kind of comes with down Like somebody is making the music law for that I can't refuse Let's do Miami Hello Miami Buenos Tartais I still a way go I still a visa I still your ass Let's do leisure city How you doing Neil? I'm doing it That's good Hey, I first off I want to clarify you on that Very playful Go ahead Who I love and go ahead Not only did the douchebag yet Vote again Giant it's also vote against them Not only them but also the counterfeit bill All the New York state teams voted against who What the hell do they know Well, let's see Did the do the best Try to pull a fast one The other giant's also because the giant's in the jets were back to back I'm pretty sure Yeah, triple play there Yeah, screw them Did you have you seen any of this baby the holy pop trial? Baby lollipops first of all the name of the trial Just I mean what the media does here I just I have a headache from thinking about it Yeah, well Have you seen that girl who's set the fire for the state of Libya? Well, girl, I guess whatever Olivia Gonzalez Yeah You've seen the fight burdens on her man Like Elvis She looks like Luke Perry on Beverly Hills 902-016-438 Are those babies real or is that a Charles Alphiari sideburned? Right Yeah I mean I don't know She's taller to butcher up Only her proctologist knows for sure sir Yeah, I want to ask you about the Buchanan thing Who? You know, not bought Buchanan Buchanan a guy with trying to run president He can't be a pro He can't be a pro He can't be a pro He can't be a pro I mean didn't they pass along after After a rose a belt With president Fred Franklin Roosevelt That no more president at the same last name Yeah They had Teddy and we already had a president You can So they can't He's too bad because the cops were hoping to get Steve Wilson Like the president before they trade him the Dodgers and they just missed out They just fully They're way to get rid of them though Yeah Well, listen have a great day In fact, uh, we'd be good way to get rid of Danny Jackson too But I guess that we got beat on that baby too You have a great life, sir Uh, look at that two open lines in day That's a first and hours on this show Does that mean we're like coming screeching to a halt in the middle Lunch hour we hope not God, they just know how to stick it to you When you least expect to rate it five to four Now what is it? I don't even know what the number is Seven five one I think it's setting into my lungs deep George Well, here I am again your centering village man Chuck's saying for I am again This is Rick from Carpet and Tyler expo Stainmaster protects against most common food and beverage Stainmaster is certified in warranty by DuPot Caught 40 a WildD we got a mobile in for a lot of deal Deal? Yes sir Okay The longer I wait on this, more I get mad at your cheap, cheap management For not getting saw you the one Starline Sir, what can I say? What you hear is what you get? What you see is what you get Cheat Irish, they're thrifties, you're like the Scottish, they're thrifties Like the frogs Hey, just one note on that replay with stock I can't put it did that Oh, I got to say it's first one that's loaded against the coach wise That complains on a call got another to say Exactly In fact, I think they ought to call it against them Just out of spite, I mean like a real obvious one Just a very smart You know all they want is money money money What the ought to do is have advertised your sponsor Like a replay minute You know like this is my Budweiser Right, there you go Fuck Think I have nothing other a Budble And in between like 4,500 times a game That's right Okay, I just want to go that end Okay, have a great life and I have to be poor I'm too here Bye-bye, 1241 we have an open-light and a broad or five, two, four There's something I just have to hear one more time to day I've got to hear it, I have to confess because it's not even like from this show But it's got to be in the top five and bubbling right now The who'd you go for? Wow, there's only other guys bowing What other guys? The Republican guy Oh no, yeah, I know, I'm sorry kid I didn't want to break I'm not going to get into a tad You'll freak out on me, okay? Not no way That, uh, that who'd you freak? What's your one, be specific? What's his name, man? I'm not going to argue, Paul The guy from CNN Ted Turner, yes Oh man, you voted for you, can I? I voted for Ted Turner Dude, why? Send the police right into my pad Why don't you? You're my dad, number And interest Ted And let him come over Ted, kill me And you are letting you're going to elect the thought police Ted, Ted, this wasn't a presidential election This is a primary, okay? I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side Give me the chance to vote for the other side Break up What? My pal, break, voted for a nice thing I knew this would be, I didn't vote for a Nazi 1242, a WIOD I rest my case, here's a mobile and stored Deal, yeah First time caller Well, how I'll break that C'mon What? I know who this is I know who this is I know it's both been a while I just... Where were you last night up at Papua Park When we needed your money? I was a no-shide to work last night Yeah, I'm sorry You were working it out I'm afraid to go see a bag Did you want to know that pirate on me today after I saw you last time You know, I'm kind of fearful of coming up to say hello You know, you are an asshole Is anybody ever told you that lately? I didn't go out of pirate, all I said was how come it was that you and your very lovely girlfriend come over to the table After having your own very nice table not too far away the entire evening and seemingly perfectly happy there And actually, catching a few tickets through look I'm coming over and like squad halfway down into the chairs at my table And say, oh is it okay if we sit down as your ass is hitting the seat? What was wrong with the other chairs were they like on fire? Do you want to commit you? Well, that's fine That's fine After an evening with you, it's no she probably wanted me anybody I would imagine God What night is the fan portrait thing this week? Friday night, Friday night don't ask me anything about that I don't want to discuss it ever again I mean I'll be there It's what can I say Well, we might get a good price Yeah, right you'll have a big price all right Yeah, even Bob Barker will be there the price will be right I'm just I am so overwhelmed And I noticed that purcupine is conspicuous by his fat absence here today With that stupid rule about two dollars across the bar See the you want me to tell you the real story Yeah, see this summer for the summer meet you know like most of the guys are leaving like Baby goes to the metal lands and while it goes back up where he goes a and Kevin and Peter go back and Donnie Harvin to Detroit I was gonna ask you where drivers are gonna be by the way Well, I think ho and a stickin around and Donnie brainer will be like top dog, you know But anyway Bruce Ranger is like right on the verge, you know like one day He's gonna stay the next day's not so they really just suck it up to Bruce He just stick around because he's a real good driver. He's got you know he's a good enforcement And why is okay and so this thing last night I think they must have I just can't believe it, you know I mean, I would have like Bruce say we love you and you won he didn't win nothing Okay Kevin is like God and he wins that tenth race like a champion And all and that you should have seen the photo for third. I'm Tony if Gary Lewis wouldn't have dropped his His slip on the track just before I'm serious He reached down to get it if he would have hit the horse one more time come on Gary Why ain't go your tango baby get your ass up there And Bruce he hangs on for third by like the slimmers of noses and then you know winds up with a stupid deal now that Porky pie came up with two dollars across the board What does that got to do with driving? No let's have a race off let's do this right and stop sticking it to Kevin for Cry and I want to tell that he ever do to us beside cash me a lot of tickets Damn it Feel like I got a dolphin question for you. I think their prejudice to get star Michigan drivers at Pompano Park and I'm going to take some serious damn action about it like Friday night I am I'm going to go out there and blow away all the other horses let Kevin and Peter and Donnie win by ten lights There he raised just out of spite I'll be there Friday and I'm going to get that Kelly Shepherd two for parking my horse 27 seconds the first quarter last night and then finishing key 27 second first Kelly Shepherd man outside I don't even give me started about good old Kelly the Schlepp And he wonders why about half of those guys out there in a track where like the stick is as an infield lake Well Joe like to do that to Joe like the park and out and got him in the first quarter Joe is whipping him before they start to be for the gate opens He was whipping and slashing Joe had a horse last night co-que in the a 12th race 2 to 5 okay 2 to 5 at the top of the stretch This horse stopped like he ran into a met truck okay Like he ran into a brick wall Exactly that was Jolton Joe with co-que. I got your co-que right over here The only ran three quarters of a mile Joe went all the races. Yeah, he is whipping out town You'll once Joe is through with a man. They don't walk for a month. They love to whip it in the horses too. Yeah, that's what Dominic said You cut the crap out of lunch and a full week had a great day in the phones are dropping off here like flying This is like Rick Riley talking about snow skiing okay nobody cares I'm happy you can yeah pack this I just reorder my dolphin season tickets and they sent me a note of saying that they're gonna put aside a day for season ticket holders to come out and upgrade their seats Where you can actually go to the stadium and pick your seat prepared. They're available. Yeah, I'd you've been to that in the past as a work going down there No, I don't pick my seat my nose a little bit. I might see Have a great day friend. Yeah, you're on a road to replay being killed. Yeah, can you play referee by Tom Petty by Joel? 1247 here's such a pain in the ass. We have an open line in dates. We got three open lines now. We've been killing killing them all day long And he comes on here and starts a whole damn thing about pop at O park which I love but the audience 98% of them couldn't give one crap about and like the whole show is dead now. Thanks a lot, Joel Wait till you sit down at the table next time. We got a little surprise for you. We got like an electric seat Sally supplying the juice Audio orifice manager. I got a headache from his call. I really do audio orifice managers out there. It is your orifice used bottle water like ours used to hear at WIO and D Well, if you do you're probably wasting space in time by storing and slapping those big bulky heavy a hernia inducing bottles And probably your bills are tough to decipher and a fluctuate or flatulate from month to month This is Paul song is oh, it's 1251. That's for the one two hour and I crunched it up bad mistake Anyways, they say in my backyard my dogs in a morning in plantation don't void where prohibited Anyway, the Marlin ticket contest giveaway here on this important radio show nothing to buy nothing exciting do just get out postcard one entry for person and send you a postcard with your name address and phone number shoe size, jox draps size May let two Marlins tickets WIO day my M8331 for one postcards can be must be postmarked by Wednesday April one Or you can drop it off our six to NWYD studios before 5pm any day On April 3rd is the deadline. Okay, this is so confusing. I just want to die Anyway, the winner will be drawn on this show Monday April 6 then the winner's gonna get a pair of season tickets for the 1993 Florida Marlins season How do you like that open all persons accepting employees and their immediate families of cox enterprises the sisters and a Florida Marlins organization All entries become the property of 610 WIOD acceptance of the prize for the letter, etc Okay, 1252 a WIOD just get those cards in a one per person please, but like if you've got a family of eight they can send the cards that don't feel too bad Okay plantation again hello Hello, yes, oh, how do you know the population I've ever told them that well he assumed so On Thursday right now I wasn't plantation when I called I'm now in North Dave wow How my old dime what are stepping around your right direction anyway? Yeah, first this thought's something Mm-hmm. It's real simple Why does it mean you do like Sally hit it just suck up the head and then so to speak and you'll have no problems I don't think Susan would be too happy about that well, you know, I worked for Sally. I mean look how many years he's been there right Right Second, Hank Goldberg you ever was man. I don't think Bob's got the right connection so to speak Do I ever listen to Hank? Yeah, and if I'm in the car at night, I always listen to Hank. Yes, I even know what's you gonna attack fat I Hank Well, that's really all I has to is if you're going away wasn't like threatening you or something I mean I want you to keep in mind the Hank's been under the weather. He's got like a heart problem He's been I am too nobody cares about that He's been in and out of the hospital. He's got like a breathing problem. I mean he's like overweight He's not just a hippopotamus Go ahead Well, he's got to he's got to cut the crap Well, that's part of my thing. I mean whenever you listen to me's always talking about the raiders The raiders here leaders and these fabulous baits that were shot that played the advertisers Yeah, what the hell is he kidding? He couldn't get one of those six to my feet for it So what's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? So what's wrong with that? He's got the big bucks. Why do you think he works like 80 hours a day? He's got serious But that's probably why his heart's ready to stop. He's a outguring to you I know but he's back to my go these baits around over and give me a break They are in S because they work by the hour. What's wrong with that? I think you just jealous sir Go on get a boyfriend. 1254 WI would do we have an open line and Broward Ah, well, I've done that. I got the good stuff coming up now. That signals the end of this crud When a really good stuff starts coming out from the balls of your mucous glands got You're not going to believe this, okay? Nobody anyone care about it But it's just ironic either. I'm getting psychic or just I'm losing it I'm watching my CBS morning show this morning CBS today or whatever to show it And I'm seeing their thino it's strange, but I'm thinking about the mucous because I'm like almost over this cold And I was just for some reason I'm thinking about you know that we used to talk on the road about the really dark Reen is like has been in the body the longest and then the yellow which is kind of gross But that's the rumor. You know that's the popular folklor that the darker the mucous the long-ritch been in the body And wouldn't you know just as I'm thinking about this they come out with a story about Not asthma. What's the thing they've got this new DNA ACE this new stuff to break up the mucous Where people cough and choke and we had it on our news all morning Some kind of like a bronchial disorder and they're starting to talk about mucous And my mind was on mucous which is really not something I think about too much. Here's a four-later nail Hi, how you doing? Okay, you're not even right. It's not on mucous is it No, that's all. Excellent. I want to wish you a happy poem That's an organization we're starting called mom m away minds on mucous Happy poem to you too happy homeintoshin. Thank you. Can I ask you a question? Do you eat homeintoshin? Yeah. Do you like the real ones like I like with the poppy seeds in the outside that are big and fluffy and soft Are you like those little hard trying you know ones that are supposed to be for real? I like the ones we are ones. The soft ones. It's soft ones. Right. I only like certain things that are hard not homeintoshin. Right. There you go. I want to talk to you about one of these sponsors, biceps. Did you ever try them? Yes. You like them? Yeah. I've got a whole bunch of them at home. What flavor? Chocolate. I love the best. Yeah. I just tried the chocolate. I have to tell you this meal. They really get it. They really suck. Do you like them? No. I like them. Why are they cute ones? The big weaning. Yeah. What about the other ones? I didn't try the other ones. Oh. These are terrible. What do you like with one of those is a phony fake diet plans or something? No. You got to eat miracle berries first. Oh yeah. That can't hurt. Well, call the plant doctor. That'll work, right? Okay. I have a good day meal. If I could even plant some in your homeintoshin. Excuse me? I said have a great forum. You too. Bye. She's with one of those like Kenny Craig or something. 1257 a WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524. Out of town is quite a down considerably and quite frankly I couldn't give a fly and crap less to be honest with you. Here's a cutnerage. Hey. Good afternoon. How are you doing sir? I'm doing loads. Do you say misery love cut love come on the on the because of the day? Oh, it's going around. Man. It's the crowd. I woke up with a yesterday. Yeah. So how long do I have? I've got to look at the mucus. Yeah. What it starts to win a real heavy duty like dark green. Oh, but this is real clear. Oh, no. That's just the beginning. Oh, man. How long you had it? Let's see. Friday Saturday Sunday Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Just about a week. That's why it takes about a week to get rid of the cold. And that's just about at the end. That's a tail end. Well, well, at least I'm home here. Take care of myself. Yeah. And you got a good weekend to get to stretch. Always good getting the cold before the weekend. You'll get your weekend ruined. I'll see you. Listen. I'm not going to be one of these people jumping on the old man wagon and I'm going to be talking about the interesting replay thing. I'm glad it's out of there. Well, there we go. Find me a guy even though he's full of crap. I don't have to go. That's right. Good for you. Every time every call is a crucial call. I mean, how can they just go? Oh, every call is not a crucial call. That's not. No, it's not. Can I wait a minute. Wait a minute. Can I explain something to you in baseball. Balls and strikes, you know, and stuff that goes on. Every pitch. There's another call. You know what I'm saying? Right. The every ball that's hit. The Empire has to make a call. In football, the even though there are a lot of calls to be made. Let's face it. Most plays in football. A, there's not a penalty. And B, there's not a controversy about whether it's completed or incomplete or a fumble or not. So it's compared to baseball where there are like hundreds and hundreds of pitches. Football is a piece of cake. There aren't that many. Yeah, but when you, when you stop a play for this, you stop the momentum of the drive and how many teams, especially Buffalo, they, and Cincinnati when they first started. But the reason for that is they didn't do it right. They were supposed to allow only so many seconds. And where some of those deals are going on for like a half an hour. Again, and I'm getting second tired of you know how far I got going back to the fridge every time. So why can't they just tighten it up a little bit? Well, every time you make a rule and sports, you got to have rules to govern that rule. Right. And they're not doing it. And I'm, what did they do back in the old days? They paid the reps off. So, you know, keep doing it here. You're different. Oh, when it starts getting like purple, that's the time to call us again. Have a great day. Thank you. Be a better. Okay. Well, he's under the weather. You know, answers his problem. Not everybody's going to agree on this. We like one or two people who happen to be wrong. 751 WI would do. We have an open line of day. We got Lisa Campbell while Beth. Lisa here. Okay. Lisa's, she's misdependible. And her, okay. She may not get her right. But Lisa's in there. Lisa's got the, you know, one of clock news. And so today with what's her name is back again, Laura Corn with her cornball crab 237 intimate questions every woman should ask a man like can that be felt and news from around the planet and suddenly enjoy on sports talk at 605 and speaking of can that be felt. Did County State of Turnier Janet Reno with good old Hank 8 to 11. That's awful. Oh, man. Tonight. This is how Florida's news. Traffic and weather station. Talk radio. 610 WIOD. My name is Ford Lutter. Dale in the Palm Beach. Good afternoon. I'm Lisa Campbell in the 610 WIOD News Center. The temperature at 1 o'clock 85 degrees from the 610 WIOD Weather Center. VD Arrologist. So, do we go news talk radio. 610 WIOD. Yeah. Who's talk radio? 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show. The good intention talk with Neil Dale 751 WIOD from day 1 in Broward in 524 WIOD. Outside the 305 airing code. So free. 10944 WIOD. And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers for not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio. 610 WIOD. Hi, this is Paul Songus. And even I am whistling to the Neil Rogers 1 to 2 hour. Uh, no, that's a chicken's deputy. And your host, Alex Probis. We move on now to double jeopardy. Penny, you have the low score at the end of the last round. Choose a category please. Extra terrorist drills for 200. It makes strange noises in the chicken coop late at night. Yes, boneless. Right for do, no. Cajun. No, what is a poultry guy? A poultry guy? Penny, you still have control of the board. To bek or not to bek for 600. He was the star of the Omen. Boneless. Correct. We're going to pick. We'll return with finally chicken jeopardy where category will be. Chokey on the pattern. What a sexy WIOD. It's our mammoth. What a two hour. Songus is going to have lots of time to listen to all four and a half hours from now on. He just wants to be a good guy now and get out of the way. Don't bother nobody. Out of town lines open 1-800-944. We'd like to be a president. Here's a lady in Miami on the star line. Penny, more. What? That's a broder down. Wow, are you making progress or what? No, you're just a little slow. Yeah, but we're paying for it. That's true. That's all accounts. That's why you're still there. Sitting here drawing all over my banana. Really? Yeah. Well, me too. Well, fun, isn't it? It sure is. That's an I have a question for you. Yeah. I think it's kind of quieted down about your new blue. Are they leaving you alone? About my new one? Blue. Blue relocation.