Is that viola and cone are rarely pitch well against the cubs and and Franco too We usually have no problem with those guys and yeah, the guy that kills us is said for Dan this who's coming back until weeks by the way Yeah, but the other night that those this place by you be Brooks. I was ready Oh, there are there are sorry defensive lot. You can't complain about their defense because they don't have any Oh, she's unbelievable and And One other thing I saw Larry came last night I'll say he is he is just the biggest I don't know what you the show is an interesting at all because now it's anything just a buck kissing your Congress Any question that you know require anything other than you know Well, I think God is punishing Hank for trying to emulate Larry by sucking around all those politicians That's why Hank got sick less than I think somebody sending him a message. I really do I'll say the two greatest cards you have is Larry King I have All the first The what oh yeah, yeah, I don't know Well, in closing let me just say one thing Have a great day. You'll be a feel better. Thank you. Thank you feel this 1034 a WIO D We have an open line in Broward. I feel great today. I really do I feel like I'm on top of the world the carpenters You like the carpenters. Oh, you do George actually has fairly good taste Got a very attractive white little tall But he does have a step ladder. He said a little one at a step ladder But anyway, it's a 26 to 11 a Palm Beach line is open 6559463. I love the carpenters. I love their music He's a little bizarre, but I guess he was too See, that's another thing they they had that squeaky clean image like oh man. They were like vanilla ice cream And it turns out that she was just a crazier in a bed bug weird strange I'd like to have that problem though for about three weeks. I had care and carpet to write us for about three weeks I've been great shape. I could get down about 86 pounds Let's uh, boiting beaches gone to be do boiting beach or data superior They screw off up Let's go to the Astarline and Miami. Hello. Yes, my little little for me and Marie Finally a great job sir. You're hired that was good. I like it 35 Wild we have an open line and uh, Broward Broward. I don't know what I'm doing. I think there's something in the stuff that she sent from Kendall I Think there's something in there in those nuts I was starting to say Palm Beach is open and available They don't like anybody in Palm Beach so they don't like Anne Murray They don't like the Kennedy's they don't they don't like anybody they don't like themselves up there They're miss fits 655 Wild and we'll be right back briefly He terrorized you in silence of a land Hannibal the cannibal Now he'll tenderize you at Hannibal house Hannibal house with a food is always flesh and now try our new Smorgas morgue featuring all you can eat finger food. Uh, yeah. I'll have the hand and Swiss on Ryan Hungry for breakfast try our 69 cents special scrambled legs with French toast and I'd like a coffee too, please It regular or the candidates I And don't forget dessert try our world famous hot apple pie This week order descended literally an onions with a drink and keep the glasses or a hearing aid even a complete set of dentures Why not bring a friend for dinner? Okay 21 till 11 at Wild I'm looking through this book the teeth acted died by Martin Katan PhD not a real doctor PhD that means like phony baloney, but it's a great book and We're getting into this. I hope that Rick and Spuds better at least three hours on this today at least three seconds This is it. I'm telling you get rid of that fat and it's interesting a lot of things that you wouldn't think are loaded with fat Have a lot to fat like nuts for example And I want to see again. Thank you so much to a Barbara slim foods and it's very easy to see here. She's got this Not trail mix, but it's like kind of a modified version of that. I don't know what they hold you call it Without any salt or any garbage in it, but in it also a lot of nuts So just remember before you put any nuts in your mouth that they're full of fat Okay next time those of you try to cut down loose and wait Is somebody who likes an hello? Yeah, I like an an Murray yeah and January there you go and Murray Abraham. Yeah, and Murray the K and Abraham Anthony Abraham right and yeah, and Abraham Lincoln And Lincoln downing Lincoln downs where were you last night? I was at the Palmino parks. How'd you do? Did pretty good one of you bucks had a good time bad money manager, all right? Oh, I have four winners out of six races And I go home when in a few bucks Well, what do you plan mostly triple? Cripples and what you doing double double kid triple triple triple You didn't know what I said cripples That's what I play mostly cripples. Well, if you need a crunch call Fat rich, okay, take care. See you the chip and wheels 20 till 11 at Wiod we are doing it today boy there on top of things today Somebody in lady and Hollywood hello Good morning, Neil. When is this how are you today? I'm doing great. That's good. Why don't like in Murray there? Why Well, I can be 45 good reasons Well, I'm not that old yet Oh, in other words, I like in Murray cuz I'm an old fart. I like in Murray 20 years ago Well, what song did you say? I've Danny song and I'm trying to think of something else I can't think of wow wait a minute. Let me get the book out on I wasn't gonna do this now we'll get into a whole big show with a stupid book and all these idiots to be calling up about well You're saying I wanted to call make your day because I was your first lady. Well, that's great Yeah, you're close enough for us. Okay. Let's see nervous nervous the neighborhood. I'm getting closer and Murray big list Snowbird Danny which was her biggest which I don't like snowbird at all Danny song love song I don't like they went and I say you know why I'm you won't see me she ripped off from both the Beatles You needed me that like that that's not bad. Yeah. It's kind of sad I guess the only song I like by her is Danny song. I guess I just not don't like her I just follow them love again shadows in a moonlight. That's a broken heart to me Dade dream believer. She ripped off from the monkeys. Could I have this dance? I never heard of that and blessed her the believer So like I said, I don't like Henry. Yeah, just like that one song. I agree. I want to tell you thanks for Telling me to call that discovery cruise line. I did that. Yes, yeah. I got tickets. Yeah. I'm sitting at work What does that mean? They said the tickets for for today. Yeah, so I couldn't get off the work so I couldn't go Well, that's what I said they were for today. Yeah, I know but I thought you went today tonight. Oh, I see Well, how about the micro-inery show be out tonight? Unless we do it again. Well, you know my coming He's good in the day and I got news for a bite tonight. He's gonna be gone. Not in any condition to be doing a radio show Listen, yeah, a good day and the same and I'd like call my husband Mike your district. Okay, and says thanks a lot. Thanks, glad you Like I said I think Henry sucks quite frankly 1042 at Wild. Well, you see it's provocative when you come on here and you make some tremendous announcement like that that I like in Murray People are like shouting from the rooftops. They're buzzing and having their flittering Sally's tossing her batteries around her going nuts He likes that Murray It's not bad enough all the rest, but he likes that Murray. I don't like it in Murray I like Danny song and I guess if we just listen to the Kenny Login you can't tell him apart I'm but till I get to the part where there's the gender thing about him and her or whatever And she kind of like mentions and both so I'm not sure what she's trying to say Let's go to candle. Hello good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you I'm doing tremendous I want you know that I like the part which family really, but I do not like in Murray Well, we just decided we all can't stand that Murray, but I do like Danny song even by Anne Murray I don't like any of them. I don't have heard them and I've solved it. I've seen a thing on television where they're still in her out Oh, yeah, well see that's what got that's what got me sucked into this. It's kind of like subliminal And you know any recording artists who asked have those spots on where they sell their best 4,000 hits most of which they never recorded before that they're dying over there the desperate like Zitz I'm fear and Roger Whittaker Right, they're trying to make the rent payment Roger Whittaker only had one hit Which I can't think of but I will get in the book here real fast Do you know why are you with a crew? I heard of him wait a minute. I'll find it Because I don't want to have to go through this again Roger Whittaker the last farewell. That's the only hit he ever had and he sells this album that's got like his top 75 hits Then no one's ever heard 74 of right well, no you heard him, but they're all by somebody else who did them well And you liked here again by somebody else right This and the reason I called is to see if you heard the promo from Gravely last night when he says hold on Neil Somebody will say hello to you No any kids voices? I knew No, he didn't hear that what does that mean? Well, I heard you complaining or bitching about Him having his Brady kids and he's got people in here. I get Spirey ports He's got people in here roaming around and playing with carts and filling with equipment and screw in the building every Saturday And he's only on for like four and a half or something like that. I don't go for these people that you know once in a while I brought friends and I'm to see the station and eat free food or whatever You know once it like maybe twice a year But this business of every time you're on the air have to bring like a whole cotci's army of people with you I don't go for that. Yeah, I know people like that and they've always got to be sir have their buddies with him We tried to you try to get your crawl and I don't think it's working. He's trying to why get your crawl Give my crawl right You know you like my food there, Rochero. I've got some beautiful fruit Well have a great day sir. One more thing. Yeah, you're a douchebag. Okay, you really got a great Cherokee in the domino's See you later. What who wants my fruit? Well look at the size of those grapes Looks like a little pear anyway. There's uh, oh look at the size of those strawberries. Thank you son Even though Tom Denver hates you like poison Well wait a minute. Cheryl wait a minute now. I got from beddies a rare our slim foods all kinds of good stuff over here I also brought in my tea factory diet Which believe me. Oh, geez. What is this? I don't I don't need all this extra stuff son. I'm trying to lose weight Here's a whole thing full of garlic chips. Do you like these? Get him out of here Because these are addictive. I don't need all this. I don't want the fruit. I don't want the garlic chips. I just want my little salad I don't want to sound ungrateful But it isn't a weight loss program when you eat 75,000 pounds of food for lunch and think it's healthy for you know And I don't need that those the George don't need to meet that the garlic chips are loaded with fat. It's right on the thing there Huh Well give them to somebody skinny give them to Andy in the newsroom. Okay. Somebody's got no taste Is a metz fan 10 46 a WIO D will be right back The 6 10 WIO D used 10 52 a WIO D how come they have all these naked people running around an MTV old time? But can these people afford any clothing or what is it? Laura you think this guy could afford some closer something Anyways, she says I don't care where's that banana I got my plantains by the way, Sunny. This is a tremendous sell this is more like it He's little little noten here in the high is a sunny and no fat All I know is for a stop set in those garlic chips. Okay, they're loaded with fat. They're greasy and they're fatty and we're not eating them. Okay. We're gonna feed them We don't feed them with the dogs feed them the cats Feed them to a Sally's a pussycat. It's hanging around back in a lot Did we ever fight out whose van that was that blue van from channel 7? No yesterday that took up the whole a new spots that I'm parked in one of today Because I'd like to put their name on here and rip them for like at least an hour and a half Margate And I love that Mary know you don't just do you sure a great American here's a man who dares to stand up and be counted Yeah, I don't know I can I broke your face exactly Yeah, I've been to all our concerts and in sunrise. Yeah, and they're all sold out Of course, yes, you're a big in sunrise because all the people there are Like the walking that I like amoree You needed me was good. Yeah, I'm right there about 20 years now Danny song was great though. Yeah I thought you told me that Gambrale, Martian, or whatever's name went up north. He don't challenge me. Yeah, he was gonna go to Chicago and The deal fell through or he turned it down. He's on channel 6 Went to Chicago doing the freaky sports Well, that's that's not all I had to say. I'd want you to let you know I love him or well give her a big kiss For all of us. I sure will see you all by my okay 1054 at Wild we have an open line and Broward 524 and Marie is God 524 Wild but you know what I'm saying is true. We'll never get well. We got him to admit that that was good But he sounds like he could defend himself. You said anything to him about and Marie He did not get your socks off. Okay, right off your face Are you eating those garlic chips those are full of fat Cheryl They're full of fat. I hope your mother's listing right now after the great job she's done losing a weight and looking tremendous By the way, do you ever get your stuff for Disney World? I want to say this right now. This is the day to settle all affairs in this building. These people like this morning. We're near Ian Roger and so far and all those drunks are out there on a discovery cruise. Do we ever get on any of that? No. No. We get nothing. We get crap. We get to go to Cutler Ridge with an interpreter Boy, boy, I just said this place is just we got to get this place straight enough. This woman this wonderful person over here has been here for a thousand years Put up with assholes like Bill Vines and Bob Rich and Mike Disney and all she wants is to take her couple of wonderful children And her studious husband up there to Orlando to Disney World for a freebie like everybody in the media gets and they all look at her like she's nuts. Well you're just a peon and she's been peed on and up. Okay, that's what she said to me She wants it and she wants it right now The line forums at the left and heavy of course is right here to see if there's anything here. He can snack on before he starts in biobing heavily Can you imagine if Henry was on that cruise ship this morning, boy would we have had some newscaster? What? Cancels away Let's go to all let's see. Oh, here we go run Now we're cooking boy now. I'm feeling I doubt it man, it doesn't work I'm gonna sign above Can't hear those radios clicking into the opposition Henry those are full of fat they're loaded with fat Washington, that would some ripples are coming about here What's wrong with this? It's a great record. Is there anybody who doesn't? Henry likes it? Season old fart, but this is a great record Or I'm gonna put it don't go away run can we borrow from next door at the coast because they're probably not gonna play more than twice this coming out Logins in Missina Danny song Can we get a hold of them over there next door? I'm sure who's on today Wendy? She's listening anyway. She's not paying attention to the crap They're playing Wendy we need logins in Missina and Danny song soon like in the next couple of minutes 10.57 a Wiod Cooper city. Hey, how you doing Neil pretty good I'm not gonna suck around or anything like that or make up some kind of story I was just wondering if you know every fucking right yeah no for the fucking I was just wondering if you'd play freeway and spec it for me really yeah why is that? Because I got my tape player rollin here and uh I'll be leaving pretty soon and probably drop the soap this morning too. Did yeah Okay, we'll do it soon sir. All right, because you're a great American and you weren't full of crap. Yeah, if you have a Oh, I'd like to call Bill K. I have some major do you spec bill? What a major do you know what was the a chaos K Corporation oh And as in as in kiss this yeah, exactly great day. Oh, yeah Here's another naked guy on MTV ugly, but the naked even the ugly people are naked that should be illegal Like go into the beach. I think that ugly people I think we should all have to cover up as much of our body as possible on the beach Especially Mitch Lewis. I'm sorry 10.58. It did look at the size of that and that strawberry too. How's Ron doing? Oh, it's we're just gonna hear this one while it's only once has gone You Is Wendy getting on top of that forest you're what I mean at project You've ever seen Wendy Bennett and current carpenter together boy If she weighs 40 pounds so can we at that's a lot she is the most anorexic look and thing I would wonder for person But God talk about a human string bean While listen, we got nothing to do till news don't go away folks All these people on hold get all Ben out of sleep. I'd rather hear Anne worry you had your visit This way you don't like it Well, scrap hey, if I didn't tell you this was Anne Marie you think it was logins of a scene She sounds like Kenny logins are got a beard the match And much better tune on it too The way I'm beer Well, so not to make you want to pick it listen it Even You're right logins of the machine is better Anyway, hold on with that Ron we may need to go back to build some time once the whole audience goes away Hey, I'm sorry. I like that record. I like Anne Marie I'm tired of all these people who keep getting picked on although she does deserve it And she is pretty push We got Henry Burrow with the 11 o'clock W. Y. O. D. News She's a lot of what you're in the him I can tell you that right now rick and sons to the six studying Joe 605 on sports talk with Dallas green and Hank returns from the uh Scream and trots from eight to eleven tonight. Thank you Anne Well, I'm sorry. It sounds like Anne Marie all right. I can't help it of Kenny logins is a wassy sounds like Anne Marie Or is it the other way around that's a great record I'm we don't usually play a lot of music on issue all the day we could make an exception that's and why is it called Danny song does it make any sense to you about a son about his son well, I want the house she button in with his son and watch yourself honey It's about his son And a little boy is mine What the hell are you talking about for you are just mr. Sue today, aren't you and the little boy is by yeah That's what she said too. It's twelve minutes after eleven a W. I O. D. That's what Wayne Arnold said Wayne of course is going to be in the chipping whales with fat rich on her all-dode today Stark naked Don't forget attend the miracle game Friday night June 14th and among the many participating sponsors of course one of the great big spenders of all time who brings us all those great cigars Wayne Arnold and you can pick up a free coupon good for one free Arnold's real castle burger Man, that's probably more than most of you can afford from our good friend Wayne Arnold They want an only royal castle and software that's what he says all your other people's around is one over here Well, not according to him. He says he's it and if you don't like it up yours Were they featured that great old fashioned royal castle food at old fashioned prices? The original castle burgers with or without cheese the kneelie burgers with bacon and cheese the great Rochester White Hots Which you won't find anywhere else with that great a hot sauce and of course you can switch it all down with that delicious Original birch beer in a frosted mugs. It's an original alright. It's tremendous Wayne Arnold's royal castle. Are you stopping there anytime you're hungry if you're honey for breakfast or one of those great little A castle burgers because 24 hours a day Seven days a week even on tissue buff. They're open at Arnold's Royal Castle and One 24-hoe these guys like work release One 24-95 North West 7th Avenue in North Miami right off i 95 Now we got you i guarantee it between now and two we won't find one person My world would miss Now, do you see you like very manalo you're finished. I'll tell you that right now you don't like very manalo do All all if he Get out of here nobody likes very man very manalo is like from hunger I Take 400 and Murray's to one very manalo. I'll tell you that right now To 11 said fact that's what I heard it takes 11 17 in Wiodd for Lauderdale Yeah, Bill Murray's not too bad. Bill Murray. He's pretty funny. There's a great cub's fan sir That's a pretty depressed these days. That's great. Good butters kind of week. Yeah, is alright Bill Murray is funny. There are a lot of people who are funny But not necessarily in a well like John candy is very funny, but his latest movie understands a bomb He's been in a lot of things that aren't fun. He isn't a movie so pretty good, but he is funny See, so that's making a difference. I mean the movie can be horrendous, but John candy is still very funny I'm the same with Bill Murray Bill Murray's a panic Bees and Neil just got back from Pittsburgh PA. How depressing Wasn't that that what did I do wrong right? Saw the fifth game for the cup Not bad saw the one the fifth game of the Stanley Cup All the cup the cup the cup the cup pretty good, you know when we we pounded Case the out of the next if I can say that he's in a coma and But you know I would like to see no better game, but let me tell you I was driving home and saw her Saturday night with an row and oath for Genius, okay While you're hitting all eyes Yeah Neil For the gym you have sports channel. We do not You know, I mean what what in the hell You know, so I called I call a continental the other day My got home and they said well our research indicates that our viewers want their research indicates that there are a bunch of Assholes okay, there is no question about it. Did people a continental cable make me sick? I'm getting a little bit of air re-excuse out of the fun Fix the mass that that played we want WGN We want it so the earth sports all I'm had it with continental cable course. I don't really care I got my tattered this so I can see sports channel in the York sports channels Cago sports channel the winglands sports channel ball tomorrow whatever you want. I got it It's unreal Neil. I know I mean I want volleyball. I want curling. I want female front jump You want volleyball boy you get more bitch volleyball on the dog research indicates you know That's that's the way that's where the people wants is at beach volleyball I'm had and you know nobody wants that because even those guys are rawlogally anyway, so nobody wants that How many years you think to give me if I just shot everybody at that place? Probably give you a medal. You think so? I'm thinking I'm gonna go do it right now. Okay, take a couple of cats with you all right remember Jerry Garcia's God See you. Bye bye. Oh boy. Really screwed up with that one. Oh Jerry Garcia Well, it's a nothing's perfect. We have an open line in Broward. See that's another part of that 60's mentality. Okay. I don't I don't want nothing to do with a great full dad Okay How about Mike Garcia how about the big bear oh? Oh another one about this is a great disc We let's not give this back to them all of they are playing at logins in machine and like in power rotation Like that's why I thought it might must be a new recording or something. Oh, this is She's high man. She's also got some question marks along her line too Anybody think that would Jerry Brown all the time I wanted Are you really Okay, we'll come back to little little wilds and we can get her on stuck. She's great. She's hot too But you never know 21 after 11 she's no Debbie from Dallas, but what can I say nobody ever talks about her that bothers me a lot Then indicates to me that you guys out there all you supposedly macho a viral guy is either a bad Cider just crappy taste Bandy woods Boy Fire was so inclined I'd hop in a Dallas cub or locker room right now 21 after 11 at W i o d will be right back Hey listen if you have um What's this saying see this Rick rallies right you can't watch MTV into a show there's no way But I will continue watching MTV to show you where my priorities are Um Motown. Oh, I knew what I'm talking about just relax. Okay. It's when you get this old it takes a while for it to build up again What I was saying is I told you there's something for everything in that mori boogie spot boy. Let's just have a little party in the water What was I saying? Oh, Motown and Diana Ross and the supreme Rick Shaw has personally killed these supreme's in this market by overplaying Every cut that they ever made so many times That no matter how much you like him when you hear it come on like on magic now you're so you know Good stuff but not today Yeah, right 23 till noon at W i o d for waterdale I'm a cup span and a bushman And I'm headed up there in six days. Are you? Yes, sir all summer long all summer long Well, I worked up a Michigan in the and I talked to you two times I'm the one that works over it. Ship you want in there. You're old ship. You want a How in the end? Yes, sir right over by the d Wayne pledge or Dell pledge your farm. Yeah, you know him Dell pledge or yeah, I've been kicked out of every race track in America But got a spotless uh farm over there beautiful right? Yeah, I'm an expert in all sorts of you know Dell pledge or No, I don't know you know who he is though. Yes. What a thief man Just call to tell you that I'm a real cup span Born in Chicago and I don't go there to see the cups win Once in a while yeah, you hope that once just for variety well You know just once in a while you just go there for the odd beons and have a good time But we win one Get out of the ballpark we win we lose there's bars all around the ballpark everybody goes and has a good time We beat up each other you bet and there's plenty to see in Chicago now we can go up there and beat up Zimmer after the game too Probably be hanging out outside trying to get in we can just beat the crap out him to get even I think he's gone Yeah, but he'll be hanging out outside No reason I'm going up there I don't know people are familiar with the Chicago Blues fest that runs a second week in June It's one of the world's largest pre- Blues festivals down in Grand Park Then they have that big taste of Chicago one is that's I think it's in July that's over by a soldier field isn't it right? It's in Grand Park between soldier field and Countdown right they've got activities there. Oh, oh, no, that's just in the summertime That's like dying and going to heaven when you go to Chicago I mean it's hot and it's humid all about but at least there's a lot to do and it's fun and the food is great and the people are sensational And there's that's right whatever you want it's there. I know you got a lot of people are going up when you're going for the game I've got an eight hundred number for Illinois tourism They want to get brochures on what to do in Chicago where to go. Okay. It's uh eight hundred 2 2 3 0 1 2 1 Take some about a week ten days to get you the material Okay, all they do is request where they're going and They get a nice package Okay, also that's happening to read Gary Stein's column yesterday about New Yorker. Yeah. Oh, yeah Yeah, I was at luck on a par with Dave Barry. I'm a Gary Stein. He's got his hearts at the right place It's just that his brains are worried that it's but he's sees on it. That was one of his good Yeah, he's on target All I'm Murray is great the commoners are great Very man-aloud John Denver's suck enough. We're talking right. Yeah. Well, listen have a great trip I want to comment. Yes, number oh three four weeks ago that guy wrote the editorial about the Joe six packs listening to you Yeah, right. No, what's not a tutorial was lighter than the editor. Yes, sure. I'm I'm really offended because I buy my beer by the case There you go. It's usually 16 answers Like that whole file that I gave you right What's the cup's on it? You're our kind of guy pal. You got a drink the old style when you go to Chicago. Okay, okay? Okay, so don't care if I don't call the people at auction 84 douchebag. Yes, sir. Okay. Have a good one. Okay. Thank you Don't forget the place stroking by Clarence Carter. See you. Bye 1141 a WIO day. We have an open line in Broward 5249463 Fort Lauderdale Yeah, yeah, I'm doing okay great. Yeah, you have a call to say you you went off the subject Before the Carpenters Yeah, you got away from there there the best there. I was in Denolian Murray and all that oh She's I just dropped that CD from next to at the coast to get it all scratched up Creation You know, well, let's see if I can find my Carpenters in here Hey, guess what my roommate is my new roommate moved in last night your roommate Yeah, and I try to use his closet just didn't work Calvin Calvin Calvin my new roommate who else Calvin Calvin and you don't Kelvin Kelvin Kelvin is your roommate just moved in last night What do you mean he's your roommate what is that? Well, he's a housemate this for us. He's a house housemate I'm not a roommate my room is too small But yeah, that's what Calvin said till he said it was too strong What happened to my Carpenters I'm on Oh, no Oh, no The Carpenters are missing sir, and I am foaming at the mouth about it Maybe it's at home. That's why I'll just show it for you. I'll pass on and Why so let me ask you a question. How did you run into Calvin? I'm a lifeguard You're all another one of those lifeguards Oh, yeah, and they're all listening they don't love you. Why do you always? Look at them because they love it. They enjoy it. They like it and knock down and beaten around and pledge related That's why we keep calm back. That's why Calvin moved in with you. So let me ask you This is part of the system. It's just the worst of this. Is this your move deal with you guys? No, no, she's starting on the beach patrol. Oh, she started on the beach. I heard her his sister is a beach That's what I heard all right So let me ask you if you like had the opportunity to seek help and they kid you at her what Well, just to keep your eye open. I don't know. I don't think How it goes with Calvin. I say keep your eye open and your fly close, but I don't know what that means Listen have a great day, sir. Thank you. See you later More those lifeguards. Okay. We have two open lines and brown all of a sudden and if you don't watch it I'm gonna play a whole bunch of John Denver just to piss you off. Okay 5249463 524 Wiod People smile and tell me I look you well don't he sound like Henry? No, if you listen with an open mind, that I'm sorry that sounds like Henry And we just begun They can go and have a sea even Laura agrees. It's Anne Marie and drag She just glued on that little go-t. Hey, I'm Kenny Loggins sure check these out Son is gonna shut up That's a great record. I wish we could just put an unadentless loop and get there a lot of here. It's a beautiful day 1144 Wiod open line on the center square and brown it 524 Miami Miami Inel yes, sir and One thing to say About it out I like him a Denver's earlier stuff. Oh You're you're knocking Anne Marie and you're like John Denver? some of this stuff. Oh, oh, God like what? How about John Banzjovie? He's under now acting real a pricion MTV like Banzjovie I like Banzjovie too. I think you're gonna smell sucks. Oh Oh, God. Oh all of a sudden that wonderful salad I had for lunch is starting to make a comeback. Oh Man how could anybody say erosmith sucks? There went the salad You really believe that are you just saying that to be an Ojo on provocateur? You like your osma Some of it. No, see now it's starting to change Now I'll start the change You remind me of that guy yesterday who uh didn't want to get his girlfriend all upset because uh he looked a little first It started he looked a little bit and then it messed around a little bit and that turned out he's doing it with everybody can get his hands on That's what you remind me of sir Yeah, I might have a little that in my personality That's what it's looking you know. I have a suggestion for your remote Once you take it out Not Jamesy, yeah, take it to Jamaica No thanks, one Don't like a makeup no What the hell am I gonna do in Jamaica? Listen, I I was down there and these guys from Chicago were doing a remote Yeah, I had a blast man to club turn them on to everything free They sat there they did a little morning show front of you know in front of everybody has haven't breakfast not for me I was a little too gentle and gentle for me in Jamaica, man. I don't know about that Yeah, he wild times that okay, yeah, I have a public announcement. Yes, sir So scary junior you are at the douche bag of candle okay, okay, see ya 1146 at W. I would you got some pretty meaningful calls here today no question about that I like this permit vacation now. I know the Dave Capriida was all bad out of shape because it wasn't it wasn't as good as some of their earlier stuff But Too bad That's the Spencer's favorite song by the way, do you know that? Just a little piece of radio trivia there for those of you who have your little diaries and you're meaningless lives and right all those notes in there at the end of the day today Neil said Spencer likes Yeah, okay listen it's 14 till noon and how about that snap? Huh? How about it people are getting a snap? Have it I speak to a lot of people now starting to switch it down with snap alera they like it they're loving it and a snap Two diadized T real brood lemon flavor no crap in there nothing artificial actually when you pick up the snap Bottle's and of course they are clear bottles and no cans Oh, you can just look through there. I mean you just hold it up to the a light and You'll be blinded by the light which will play a little later on not by Bruce Springsteen by the way Which is a horrendous rip off but what you see is what you get clear delicious great mate for the best stuff on earth It's America's original natural beverage a whole family of a real broodized T's Delicious great tasting all natural sodas in unique flavors like peach and passion some cream and true root beer and Tendilicious flavors nine fabulous 100% natural fruit juices also in fantastic Eurotic flavors like apple crisp and vitamin supreme and passion supreme and lots more and of course That all natural sports drinks snap up for all you juxtapers in the audience. It's it's what's happening? It's delicious and you'll find it at corner drugstores BJ wholesale We could use a lot of it by the way Especially that unsweetened iced tea would be tremendous I like I said corner drugstores BJ wholesale Doris market Sam's wholesale gardener's food markets right-aid drugs Freddy's our extra stock and go Albertsons and also I got a note in here from our good friend Barbara at Barbara slim foods at 9638 Sun said drive in Miami. She also carries snapple so snap it up today It's made from the best stuff on earth lightly I've been telling you about the fact that meteorologist Bob sopers accurate weather forecast can be heard here throughout the day on News talk radio 610 W-I-O-D now or weather coverage gets even better We've added meteorologists Tom Burst to our weather team the Tom brings his experience to the 610 W-I-O-D weather center each weekend So when you're preparing for a day at the beach or trip to the mall or barbecue in the backyard You can tune to 610 W-I-O-D for Tom Burst's accurate weather forecast 610 W-I-O-D no weather geeks from some cable TV station up in Atlanta Just the best meteorologist available on south floor at his news traffic and weather station News talk radio 610 W-I-O-D 610 W-I-O-D So 1151 W-I-O-D, by the way, if our friend Barbara from slim foods is listening the trail mix is delicious But since all these knots have got so much fat According to our t-factual diet next time you put together that trail mix extra raisins hold the knots Okay, Barbara The original is usually the best and I do with all I'll do respect to Martha and the Van Delas are great but Linda Ronstetz where it's said why? Just does something for me not that much. 1151 and WIOD Parts St. Lucy What the hell was that? It's 1152 and WIOD. We have an open line in Palm Beach. All the work they did to put that on? Forget it. 6559463 Hollywood. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. If you look real close on that airsmith, you'll see that they did. They did a thing that's long. It looks like a lady to hand Murray. And I hear the body by solo flex body again sir. Excuse me. Uh-oh. I can't believe you didn't know that song could I be a man for the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of my life. Great song here, Neil. Go ahead and hear something. How come when they put all these like muscle bounce types? They always grease up their bodies on TV. What is that all about? I don't know. I guess it's easier to, I don't know, you know. Making a little slippery. Yeah. Could you, could you do something for you? Could you play the car with KTK some? What do you know? Get all the bleeps in there and? No. 153 at WIOD. We have an open line and Broward 524 no requests. 524 WIOD. Hey, I could just listen to that all day long. That and Kenny Login sounded like Ann Murray doing Danny's song. Where's it the other way around? Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? First time calling. Yes, sir. Barry Manlow, John Denver, our both dead and no one told them yet. I think so. They'd be big in cemetery village. They met you they'd do a number in sunrise. Neil, damn, isn't that far behind either? Yeah. I mean, they all suck of the worst. What a try of fact. And it's all on one CD. There's some good stuff on here. This is, I don't know what to hell. This is some piece of crap we got from next door. Wait a minute, wait a minute, since we're in a cemetery 21 programming. What is this? Is this a service that they have next door at the coast? Do they have a service? An oldie service? Because this is like this number 201, century 21, 20 programming Dallas, Texas. And it's got like 17 bizarre. I mean, they're unrelated like the supremes is on here and Crosby still's a Nash and London Ronstad and Barry Manlow and all of a sudden new Ben puts John and the best of the living dead. Yeah. Best of the on grateful day. How about Olivia Newton, John, sir? Ah. You're not dead either? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Don't. Makes me want to pick it when I hear this. Oh. Get the abandoned way. Where do you go? Where do you may wander in your life? She's married to Matt LaPand, a lotansey, by the way, that Olivia Newton, John. Think they're here on my back, and starting to stand up. I know, it does it for me. Well, listen. Hey, including the. Roman is the biggest douchebag in Miami. OK. Thanks. 155 and WIOD. We're getting all the marginal artists on here, all the unsung heroes of our lives. Show the yellow. Olivia. I always want to be. Ever see Olivia Newton, John, and Amber Reed together? Hold in your hand. There's a matter of fact. I think so. I'm a party cat. A lot. OK. Cut it out. Cut it out. It's 155 and WIOD. Now I got news for you. OK, I'm a very patient person, far more than usual, but Bonnie, you are out of control. I, yeah. We don't, we, this every day. I have Neil Ross. This now, but you, you are beyond the disease. I mean, you call every day. Every day. Every day, Bonnie. Wow, but Bonnie, we don't do that. We don't do that, Bonnie. Well, you can't call twice in one day. No, you can't call every day either. The audience starts putting up voodoo dolls and getting a just obsessed and hysterical and hate you like, boys. I promise I won't call until next week, but I haven't been. Well, why didn't you tell next week? We only got one day left in a week. It was a short week. Yeah. Anyway, I have a confession. I like the mess. So? Well, I thought, well, you were hate the mess. I was afraid to say I liked the mess. Why is that? It's too busy sucking around. But I really, I know for the fucking right. Yeah. But the only reason I like them is because they had so many good-looking guys on the teeth. The meds? They used to. They tried to. They used to. They used to. I see. So it's like.