What's up? How long times have you seen me? What love was your life. Until one somebody stops speaking to me. Trying to tell you more about my life, and thinking of my hands as well. Thanks. Yes, man? Sandy, I just ف word the word... Candle Toby Work studying this. Emily, I'm gonna tell you she is. I love you, Emily. I'm gonna tell you that Mar Will is for her post office. My grandparent sent me a bit of stuff. Yes. Yeah? I'm here. So what do I do? What's you keep enjoying it? My Bobby hit the same stuff in the 1987, okay? Okay, I like some friends, so that's my friend. Stone crabs is better. You all at butter, all I can do is to do it for you. Well, but the other stuff can tell you, and why does your morning work? That's the idea, that's why we say, oh, you're a clog. You have a great day. See ya. That's true, and a touch-tone for you. Loiter, that a new magnetic drill. It will decide stability in a single bound. Look, they're on the phone. It's a rabbit move. She should be in check-ins. She's too old-weigh-raise-preable. No, it's yenterman. Yes, it's yenterman. Springe visitor from another market for the cold growing out of this head. Oh, Frank, what thing is gonna do morning, son? Me! What do you think? Yenterman, with a bizarre compulsion to pass along radio gossip, they thought it was an eclipse of the sun but I turned out to be W.L.S. unfaithfully worthwhile. Yenterman, who can change the course of any discussion? Dial to telephones with one hand and who disguised as Lee Coler ill-mitted tacos for a semi-professional radio station by some never-ending battle for rumor in Yendale and arbitraunted vences. Yeah, Neil is leaving my area to buy a station in the Langloond. Dia, boli, red guy! 1252, but at Jim Scholar he's the best. How can he's now working here? I was thinking about this morning coming to work. He should be working here doing something creative. Anyway, we have an open-minded bro. Should he? He's great. He's a talent. Oh, that's why he's not working here. West Palm Beach on the Sterline. Neil? Yes, sir. I'm done, Dave. How have you been? I won't ask. Don't ask. You're part of all this stuff, but I haven't had this much fun content made just today. You're a speaker show. Right. That's what I've got to tell you. The only thing that's there with the children is that one piece of density is heavy or if you drop it with the ball right through the yard. Like, Neil have a cheesecake. It's not a work. You don't believe out that. And my mother when I was really used to make Kishka be Joel, flesh, and way. But I don't have no idea what was going to happen. I've never been able to figure out what's in it. These people are called in today with the recipe. I mean, there's got to be something more than that. How do you explain the color of it? It's kind of like an orange brown. I mean, there's nothing that they've said that you put in there. I mean, it's chicken fat has no color. Now that's for sure. So what gives it the coloring? Well, you know, I'll be on the fireman over the weekend. I can call my mother and find out what's in there. Okay, that's your homework assignment. Okay. And I'll call you back in Monday. Okay. If you have two ways to find, now. Because you said a lot to the other mobile woman. No, she was called on her dime. That's why I put it around her. I'm not going to call like sightings and ready to know. But she was paying for it. And work paying for this call. I don't like to pay for it. I know me either, but hey, sometimes you desperate. Have a great weekend. You're doing the LCD. 1254, WIOD. We have an open line. I don't mind. Actually, it depends on what it is. A star I O.D. Is that number of the bell-south mobility line? If you've got a phone in your car, and if somebody else is in their pant, it doesn't make any difference who's paying for it. Because we paid the freight. How do you like that? And these sisters, they're loaded and they want to spread it around. With a big shovel. Miami. Hey, honey. Buenos Tadades. I just want to think I had Kishki in the second avenue, Delhi in New York. But I was fukin' for days. I mean, that's me. I mean, that was really weird. Stop. Yeah, it's the twisted sister special. Yeah. I just like to call out one person at Dushbag. Okay. Just magic boxing corporate. It's actually a company. I'm talking to you. Okay. Wow. 12.55. We're zippin' along here. This hasn't been too bad for Friday. Okay, for a little pre-shobba celebration. Talkin' about food instead of eating it. Much better for you. Remember what I said? Food allergies. Remember that. You may joke. You may laugh. You may puke. You may, uh, that's where it's at. Trust me. Take it from somebody who knows. Who suddenly got all of his energy back. It is blood sugar down in lost ten pounds. And I feel great. I feel like I do a 75-hour cooking marathon today, man. I'm on top of it. Here's a piggy-porting Miami. Bill. Yes. I hear it. 874. There he is. I can see him. Wait. He's looking at me now. He's waving. Hey. He's listening to the Neil Rogers show. That's quite a contribution for me, either. Thank you, sir. 12.55. Like I said, we have an open line of Broward 524 and the Sterline. Sterlide. Starting next week, we're eliminating all the Broward lines. We're going to five day lines. Bell softened building. Salute of one out of the world line. And that's it. And we'll have a good time. We'll ever have to give any numbers up. West Palm Beach. There's to be out of the world, guys. Did you see our movie, uh, I was quite old with my Neil Simon. What kind of a phone are you on? It's a crappy pay phone. Must have like an double sock over it. Oh, well, it was here. Let me bang on a little bit. No, I don't want to say that. God. Listen, did you see a movie called Brighton Beach memoirs? Was that the one with, um, the, um, the what's your name? Bed Midler? No, no, no, no. This is the one, this is the one with the instrument supper, uh, red cabbage and liver. No. No, okay. That wasn't the one with Matt Dylan was it. No, no, no, no. Brighton Beach memoirs. I thought that was, uh, I'm sure that was Bed Midler. No, no, no, no. Was a Neil Simon thing. It was very good movie. It's about a kid. No, but the problem was, I wouldn't watch that. I don't give a crap about Brooklyn. Well, uh, never mind. You, uh, it's, it's, you have to be there. Right. Well, listen, what I want to be there. What I call Larry King is from there. That's enough to make me never want to go there. Yeah. What I call you about is to complain. The only reason I listen to the station is because you're show and, uh, Rick and Sputnik. Right. Uh, that's the only reason anybody listen to the station. That was true. Under the age of 20. Well, you know, you would think, unless our model, uh, our road mistaken, the average intelligence or a person couldn't be the type of person that would like to sit and listen to the radio and have some guy come on and tell us how good that they can the world is. The tell us how to have it. Oh, hey, listen, I can do a whole show on these promos. We're running sports for first of all. Her King season is over. Okay. It's finally over. They won. They're number one half. This fine. Good luck, uh, you know, going good health. But now we're, it's not enough. We have to reap, but we have promos doing the whole play by play at the whole game. I notice we don't have the part where sunny call were to feel good, which was off by like 10 yards where he called that good. Or they were crying about all the penalties that turned out they were against Nebraska about the big 10. We don't have that. But we like replaying the play by play at the whole goddamn game. Then we go into a 60 second promo, Tony, how great our news is. You can go all over America. So, to any major market and you will not hear any radio station or a long, ponderous tune out inducing promos like we run on this station. It's another example of the total incompetence and lack of understanding of like the listenership that they have in our programming department. They have no clue what it means to get the out force to the audience to tune out. No, no understanding whatsoever. Exactly. Our model here, you know, when I came here three years ago, it was the same even with different programming people. The model was we can say in 50,000 words, but most people can say in 10. That's the model here, and the same with our news department, man. It's just incredible. But listen to here, like those spots, we'll just play a spot that the couple days are. Right. No, absolutely. They don't forget the widener coming up this weekend that's a high, a, there you go. Right. And don't forget that special Easter special coming up at a flower shop near you. You know, if it's not good today, it'll be good in a couple of months. Well, I think if I got some guys sitting up in the ranch in the river, the hell he is with nothing else better than this, and keep him busy. They give him all his crap to make up. Right. And, you know, if it wasn't for you guys being so good, I'd be exactly right. I'd order my friends. They better kiss the goddamn ground that we're here, sir, because I got news for it for all the annoying. Just take a look at the weekend programming on this station. Let little give you an idea of the creativity of our programming department, trust me. That speaks for itself. I have tried on the occasion, but I can't make it. I'm sorry. And, hey, listen, have a great new year as a spider bit and have a great life and you're hired. Right. There's our new program director right there. He's got a little bit of a clue, which is more than they got in this joint. Man, that football promo. I mean, that's just like a slap in the face on and on. We've got like highlights and lowlights at the 40. At the 30, but 30. The 25. That's why, okay, we get the message. It's a touchdown. They want to gain, get it over with. Why the least doing? Okay. Cut the crap. Who's doing the news? Tom Hopkins is doing news. With that big new head of here, and we'll come back and 105 Rick and says a two-manage on Sports Talk Hank Talks Flamingo 811. This is South Florida's new, who's traffic in weather stations. Who's talk radio? Six-dand WIOD. My annual Ford Waterdale in the Palm Beach. I'm the one who's playing for the car. Who's talk radio? Six-dand WIOD presents the meal Roger show. They can't touch and talk with me, you dial. 751 WIOD from base. In Broward is five to four WIOD. Outside the real five-barrier show, so free, 1-800-944-WIOD. And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star-YOD. The opinions expressed by the guests, hosts or callers, not necessarily those of this station. Now, ears, kneel, rotchers, on news, dark radio. Six-dand WIOD. Uh, this is knowing star of the black team, and you're listening to the two to one hour. We'll be in trouble in hot time I say that as you do to you, try to give to me But why you didn't have to hear me Be the winner of all the boys I'll ask you more about this boy I say that as you do to me Try to look at this pain But why you didn't have to hear me You walk in so long, breathing What happens to all your face And my scars that won't give you the feeling But when will I be on your side A little heart seeped What are 7 of the WIODs Maameth, gigantic, dwindestomph, inducing one to two hour Overline and Broward, 524 WIOD I like having those blinds open in there There are people running up and down the hall Like they got saved by his dance Man, what's going on this place lately? Just really bizarre, I guess they're upset Because they got to come back to work Too bad, the party's over guys And when are we getting those damn cards to open the door I'm getting calluses, I'm getting things on my knuckles From banging on a window downstairs We still don't have those things back from Gary Mills Onwards Yours works, well that's great I'm real happy for you Yours is a there's only maybe like a four or five in a whole building that work So I think that's an element The ones that work They want you to come in one more time to turn them in Margate, hello Yes sir Are you doing? Okay Call me Did I call you? Oh no wait, I call you Okay I don't need to be here Because this is my first time calling Yeah, lots of bad starts are feeble attempted humor Okay, from the Eric Lambert School of I'm not so funny and I'm getting worse Okay, but I have some very important More waiting About redneck Yeah Redneck bar, I was at a bar last night Yes So you just have a couple of beers and chicken rings Redneck girl comes around with an alligator face Because she's out with sun for now And she's in a negligee trying to sell it to us Trying to sell what to you I think the negligee Oh I see But she's trying to petal it Yeah, the same time there's a bunch of these like biker redneck The round hair and the leather And the chains on their rods with nothing in the rod And they're burning a couple of beers And there's a Jio scene This crap about our girls And you know this girl is staying on a door knob All kinds of disgusting stuff You know there's How this stuff But anyway, where was Nick the barrel? Where was Nick the barrel? There was Nick the barrel for what? He could have a straw in the neck Now that was probably Nick with an negligee jury 109 in WIOD We have an open line How about that scandal in the Broward Sheriff's Office again this morning Another one of those stories about that DUI The other night And the BSO guy in his wife And she just plastered it out of her mind And all the other people went straight to the Huzka And the husband bitched out the pig That arrested them and then all of a sudden she just went home Everybody else went straight to jail Not her I got news for you Nick man You're just a biggest slime ball A biggest white hair piece of mung That ever came down a pike Who are you kidding? You would all your pizons over there And the BSO You make me puke, okay? Just a bunch of fascist right wing Not see pigs Kendall happy holidays Hello Speak up sir It's got to be a short call Yeah come on come on What? Oh yeah That was Nick right there I think Bad disguise Nick Cutler Ridge Good afternoon Neil How are you? Fine, you're so pretty good Good, happy New Year Same to you Thank you Happy holidays Thank you I'll be too much longer Speak up now Don't start doing what I'm doing Don't start being like I'm parrot Just speak up I won't be too much longer until the boys The summer hit the time Right Thank God We've got what? See in baseball we don't have to ask Who's number one Because we play it out of the field We don't have to take a pull To find out who's the best team We play the most girls schools Right Well listen I don't want to add any Problems to our cubby this year But did you see who is announced yesterday Is the cup number one Nuskowder? Yeah, I see him Believe you But he's scouting the American League team They're going to get him as far away as possible He can't even coach So we're having to find talent When in doubt, send him out of the scout Just get him out of town But they say he would He would get in a ringling brother's circus Man if you don't look like a clown I have never seen anybody in my life So bizarre So flat he looks like something Out of a Charlie Chaplin movie He's so clapping at hands He's clapping at me He's clapping at me You know like that old woman in the bed Who's just a clap thing You know when the TV goes off He's clapping at him The team runs off the field man Thank you for coming I thought it was right Yeah Well hopefully we'll have a better He's the man who brought the clap to Chicago As a matter of fact That's what we recover from it Well you never know how many more season's here He's been a last Ah come on His long as he's in bomb the way he is He'll be around a long time With what? Right Well let's hope we do it this year Okay I got my legs crossed Have a good week Okay By the way, speaking of the cubs There is a for you satellite Dischoners Last night I was fiddle around And the TV too And G6 Which is one of the newer satellites During the war The Persian Gulf War Charles Jacob and all those other people We're like falling off the platform And trembling and you can see all that stuff on there They had a couple of channels Now G6 is loaded And it all kinds of basketball games And there was a WGN They were doing a depolking And it was the WGN live feed That they used one of the Transponders on G6 And also S4, which is a brand new You'll have to program that in On your receiver S4 has the Las Vegas channel And then there's another channel called the ID channel I have no idea what that is Just had like the test pattern With the bars under last night Put on you disioners All of us who can look down to everybody I'll say hey we got And you know who did not call today In the middle of all of us They're not slanting me What a great show last night Finally made a comeback That wasn't a good show That was a tremendous show The best we've had in months And months to greatest dots landing in ages I mean traumatic Exciting momentous Spinds England And she shines One thirteen a dub Maybe she's making kishka I'm not about the fall T.D. season Really? It's a wacky as nutty as zanias Comedy ever to roll down capital Hell It's steady Kennedy Starting in the sexy new sitcom Make room for tattie And so remember ladies As long as I have a face You'll have a seat in the US Senate Okay girls This time you are BDS speaker of the house And I'll be the naughty jay brimad This week on make room for tattie The hornies senior set of air bill massages It's head down to West Palm Beach To hang out with the home boys And show the younger generation how to have a good time Go go go go Thank you for the ad That's body down It's make room for tattie Where you'll see tattie take off on the classics of mud Boys a nice job procuring the prostitute I have it Busan birds You're an effu Really? Of course he will Is the Kennedy It's a family audition By the away What's the young ladies' name? I'm gonna Well, so do I I think we should be introduced first And let's make sure she's a danniquette And where is the young lady from? The great state of Maine Senator Bangor I intend to Great bigger and realish But let me get see this about that As not What the looker can do for you Ask what the booker can do For an ex-group if you find The broad way music Oh, that's just top of all As today's headlines Russia, the musical You are the stars in the crowd And have a full-length screen Russia, the musical The chorus line never seemed longer We must have given a man If he can get the noprary And if he can get the noprary And if he can get the noprary And if he can get the noprary Every song will make you want to Stand up and declare your independence Oh, the man in the ocean You just want to Go, go, go, go The man can make a map Make a map, make a map Don't use a pen As we all came in the back Stop ball game and run To see Russia the musical Good boy, the cast changes again 127 at WIOD or Snapple Day Snapple Day In Boca's gone Well, snap this day, okay, you slime ball We're paying for the call, he hangs up on us While that's okay, dude I just had another swig in my Snapple Day I see just out of spite, okay God, I can't get over that Plantation Feel? Yeah Yeah, listen, on the kishka The base is nothing more than fat and flower But what gives it the color is carrot Carrots Yeah, that's way if you haven't look at the closer You see a little specks of orange And carrot is what goes into this really A vegetable fat and flower Well, listen, that's what I've been saying all along About the vegetable part of it And everybody's been pooping me like it's all Motsamil or something That's because they don't know what's inside of it Carrots is what gives it the color There you go It's really, really, and it's ground a fine Like you put it in the food's your process So you just see the little specks Yeah, I don't think anybody listening to this show Who's never seen or had kishki before Even still knows what it is Yeah, attachment to a lot of years And a restaurant catering business I don't know what the base really is fat and flower It's not that healthy, it's thingy to work But then I'll go to the restaurant No, that's right And of course, it's got a little gravy on it too To make it extra I'd like to be a little right, right? Extra dangerous, there you go Okay, thank you But I have one of the questions we'll see You have to put these songs Remember KC in the sunshine band had that's the way I like it Yeah, but here you know what you're that came out Jay, I'd say a 70 The Three or four, but I'll look it up I appreciate I'm going to get back to the car Going to the toilet Okay, thanks a lot One twenty, well, what is that mean he's going to get back in the car Now I've got to wait Come on, a little take me that long anyway Here's Dick Jacobs, here's Mick Jagger Who Janet Dean, oh boy Talk about make believe, talk about your thoughts What am I looking for KC? Here's Kansas Here's a kitty cannon Well, what the hell is this going to be under? Man, what a stupid damn book this is Gotta hit this book You've got to probably be home already I'm not gonna hear it as KC Or maybe a KC Well, what we're going to tell the other ones Born Harry Wayne KC, y'all the idea, yes, I'm here Oh, here KC in the sunshine band, I see What year did I say? 73 4? You said 3 or 4? Well, what a while I was close 75 November 1st 75 And I wouldn't be surprised Ah, no, I think it's in my car Yeah, is it in here? That's going Come on KC, are you in here or what? Here's I enjoy being a girl Well, I'm gonna say the closest we can come, okay I don't have it right now One twenty nine to WIOD Here's a lady in Boker, hello Hello, hi, hi, happy new year And the same to you I'm going to tell you, you know, the hurricane still stuck Yeah, that's for sure And their fans are the ones who love a bunch of cry babies Even Sunny was acting like a cry baby Do the night on the year I can't get over that, Sunny's such a good guy He's been a gacky eyes Well, congratulations on their wins over bossy college Yeah, and all the other girls' courses Well, and ghosts, I'm an old They got type or high under schedule, actually Well, that's seminal game wasn't too thrilling We have the VAD, they're all telling you that For that was pretty pathetic But that's a lot of game So that was embarrassing I can't get over it That was terrible Well, we don't discuss sports anymore on a show It's all based on season I just call them, sorry, just book a resort club I was just back Okay, all right Have a good one Bye-bye 130 WIOD I mean, it's over already Let's give it a rest until next year Well, we have the same 7000 teams playing in the same 7000 bull games God The pull on, ready? Pull on weed eater, douchebag bull I mean, what a who's kidding? Okay, who's yankin' who's chained? Miami Beach Hello? Yes sir Yeah, I just wanted to say that I love your show And I think it's really great that You guys are discussing sports now with baseball coming up But I just have one thing to say This is the home of the hurricane Yeah, came this We have an open line in date 751 WIOD Go get an education somewhere Go to some good shoe and get an education For a lot of deal, hello I'm so happy I have the... What? What did you say? Wait a minute, what did you say in the hear you? I was laughing at the last call Oh, what a geek, huh? I agree Little punk, go out and yank the chain or something do something constructive Can leave us alone with your damn same crap Over and over and over again When they were losing all their games ten years ago Wasn't the land in the chain We gave two crepes and just look at You know, they played that basketball game in Connecticut last night They had almost 9,000 people there If they would have played the same game here They would have 900 They would have 900 But you're a phony from one of an asshole's Go head sir I've been listening to you since I was a Andy days have a life of never called you But I've pissed off I got it Good, excellent It's about time I know that everyone in the business Listen to the show Right Have a message for Eric Reed Eric Reed Yes, you know, Eric Reed is The guy who does the heat gain The number that is one greater than six And one less than seven Not seven Oh, is he doing that again? Oh, you know, when he was doing Seven to seven Oh, he's lapsing again when he was doing the color With Sam Smith on the heat games He was the most embarrassing thing I have ever heard in my life He kept with that phony And then he started doing a play by play this year And I thought who is this guy he's great And he was good And then I caught a piece of the game on TV The other age lapsing back at that same Shut up Same crap again Eric, you got a good voice You do a tremendous job Light you have to put on that phony A pseudo broadcast The crap God, I hate that Thanks for letting me get to that No, you're right on target man I don't know what is wrong with that guy Somebody needs to give him a lobotomy I agree Because he's really good when he cuts that crap out You know what I'm saying? Have a great weekend Bye bye We'll be sure They should shut up the bar shoulder Straighten his mouth out God, I can't stand that Just like that Ron St. John, not Junior but Senior on Magic Boy You can even hear it at the dolphin games on a P.A. with that phony God, you know you got a good voice, Ron Not great but good but Oh that's totally plastic, broad Jan Give it a rest that went out with high button shoes and nickers Okay, went out with cousin Bruzi's wig 133 at Wild Fort Waterdale There you go Wayne is starting days Okay, I got a little something for you I don't know if you can hear your son sitting on hand They call his show a trill a minute I got my son sitting right on a floor here with the right by the Here are the other piece of crap Yes, if you can find it as small as it is Down on page 4p in the bottom left hand corner How small is it? Okay, I'm page 4b I'm trying to suppress it in this county D.I. got D.I. got B Okay, I got B just a minute Bated hook can be death for seabirds Page years ago with the a bicycle with the Okay, if you go down on the corner 4 4 4b Oh 4b Option Persian carpets Oh, way down the bottom left corner Oh less corner, co-roverses ruling on searches No, it should go that's it The Florida Supreme Court Reverse itself Thursday, rule that police officers can board buses And search passengers even when they have no reason to suspect drugs are present The change of hard came six months after the US Supreme Court Structumbabababababababa Isn't that great? Sure, if deputies resume bus searches after the Supreme Court ruling in Jewel and but only when needed Notice it as an bottom left there Says the state court had likened the tactic to not teach arm and egg right exactly I have my passport. I'm clutching a tight hang on tight pal don't don't turn a loose notice How they make it so small and try to hide it away Yeah, right Well, that's still what happened to me too. It's so small you got to hide it Well, have a great life and good luck to us all. I'll see you on the plane One more thing. I just want to say Tim, Blaine and Shockey or all major douchebag Okay, thanks. Well, sheo 135 and Wild here's where's that Johnny dark heart we got? What's sitting on the oldest writing and sitting on the dock of the bay? Huh, where is that thing? That's my one of my favorites by the way speaking of Johnny Doorkk is he on vacation or something? Huh? Yeah, must be I haven't seen him in a dog's age. No wonder I'm in such a good mood They got haven't seen that freeloading slime ball in days and days I don't know, but I'm going to find that car where he does. Oh, here it is Here's boom boom Let's just listen carefully here. Boom boom went out to hit on a Saturday Super sharp shawl and gold now. It's rotating shit on a dock of bay And he didn't have the balls to really do it. Give the good thing in there 135 and then I wouldn't play it either. Charhutz going to save you somebody right now Just in time for the big deep fresh and time for the big fall You see what's going on at a rush or man. We're not far behind But at Charhutz you get one quarter pound delicious fresh chicken breast Charboa the way you like it with your choice of toppings on a fresh Italian roll or health full pita bread and get the second one for just eight nine cents Or by the famous five and a third ounce char burger 85% fat free fresh ground Chuck delivered fresh air every day char grilled right in front of your nose On a grill while you're watching Supervisor and get the second for just 89 cents Or you have one of each in the second sandwich is only 89 cents. Now this offer is good After 3 p.m. only seven days a week at a char hot nearby you food is fresh I don't know why anybody in their right mind would buy fast food any other place than char Hot because of the taste so much better the prices always right they give it to your fresh And don't forget to try those new better than ever spicy chicken drumats better than any chicken wins You've ever stuffed in your mouth. Okay, the charhutz you'll find with the chicken drumats are in Davy Hollywood Marguerian Open Park and of course you'll also find charhutz in North Miami, Tamarack and summer How much demand they take a shower Oh Do you have trouble dealing with reality? Are you constantly being told to get a life? Do you find that your best pickup line is I've got money? Well, you could be suffering from Johnny darks disease millions have been afflicted with this debilitating disease But now there is something you can do about it Hello, this is Dr. Irving of problems now there is something you can do I can make your done one course along Johnny dark disease Here at the Center for Retina research hopefully if there is a cure We ever found one yet But we are confident that after you spend your money here you'll feel somewhat better Come in for a free assessment today Don't walk around with your head up your ass your whole life do something about it Call 1-800-IMO-Loser 35 dollars the first minute to 50 each additional All models over 18 Under why nobody ever goes anywhere near Johnny darks ever notice that they always stay like keep their distance Because he's safe 212 a WIOD or snap a Davis back what happened to you sir I don't know I'm not gonna teach you I'm at the free with half of you This is gonna be a real short call. You know that don't It can't be I don't have it. This is one of the greatest shows we've ever had Exactly, this has been an illuminating show we're spreading the word risk spreading heartburn and Colustle well from coast to coast. What's wrong with that? Don't either that or and you got to watch it and you got to wash it down with gallons of snapple What's wrong with that? That's right. I just show by a sensory village I'm getting older by the second Uh-huh Phil, I gotta tell you you people around South Florida Get the hell off the road. I'm driving around doing a great American public service The liver and snapple people cannot drive Today I noticed the George mentioned a two coming in here not only all the you mess on the road But God Almighty the a driving is well, are all here now don't you understand it's Jen? It's January they're all here all the ones that are coming out here now and they're out there Do what do everything they can to screw up our lives You wouldn't go away Listen to Bachman Right now it's one of the as we see through the fat I don't mean just fat in a obese man It looks just like Santa Claus And these from Michigan From Michigan. Well, that's probably Ivan Watt. That's probably Ivan Watt. What's the Santa Claus or uh, and McTamden? Yeah guys Well, I was in David's been real thrill I have a great life See a spikana that I have no foreskin 140 in Wild what's in the box to bring a little something for me there Adam Oh, that's what's in the box. We'll put it away. God, it looks gross Uh, the thanks for calling lady is back Yes Well, you're getting a little a carry-away now, aren't you? I want to tell you a lot of joy and joy to taste over it Well, that's great. It was perfect for a people your age I'm here on the whole right-hand Well, I could guess Oh, I want to tell you something funny when we were young I'm poor my mother made this chicken soup Friday night And my share of the chicken was the head The turtle The one the one The turtle, I don't know what's in how you put it. The turtle, what the hell is that? I don't know And the thing and the public The fee Yeah, what do you do with the fee? Well, she was just a scraper, a skin Oh, I just give me the bounce the sock And that was my share Until I grew up a little when we got ready I have my foreskin Uh, I said that's disgusting Well, when you pour it in Yeah, when you pour your sock on anything Right So how did I start for happy new year? And the same to you And I graduated from those very desperate days Oh, yeah, okay. Have a great weekend Thank you. Then don't forget Thank you. Okay, 142 a WIO D.O. Man, she was suck at on the chicken feet. God, no wonder she talks. She's actually only 28 South Miami Yes, I thought I was about to say Was it going to be more disgusting than that? I doubt it. Well, you're talking about Polish blood sausage before Kiska Ishka Well, there's an important week of they have a version of that called more See ya That's what a guy we had a call on earlier Right. Yeah. And what I use is the more disgusting parts that I use as pork Oh, pork and pest and pork pork parts Right. Oh, man Not that pork screw No, okay. I like it this for that But I guess if you have some champagne around, it's good to have handy to open it Well, I was at that orange gold game Yeah, oh boy. I'm happy for it Oh, man. Those are the best Just put it back in the in the anals of your memory of the All history I'm about to do that Great. Okay, Neil. Have a great day 143 a WIO D. See what I mean? If I wouldn't have we wouldn't have come up with this Other stuff we'd have been nuts all the way It hurt for two days and god only knows you'll hear plenty of that Even though we got the NFL playoffs come up in the Super Bowl I can assure you that come 605 the night in spite of the fact that it says Jim discusses the playoffs In spite of that I can assure you you can bet your life on it It'll be the same old tired crap Where's all that pizza? Where did that pizza come from? You didn't actually buy that you bought that word you buy it Flores Well, thanks so much for caring about us And bringing us a little piece, huh? What a sleazebag God. It's not getting that job. How in deal? Yes, sir. Are you doing a guy you're answer for Pippican Gorgon? Yeah, the Pippican wine or what the Pippican is everybody knows that Not Pippican's Pippican. Well, Pippican's that's may she Pippican he's from the bronze The Gorgon is the neck Oh the neck? Yep Oh, how come she didn't know what that is? That's not so bad I don't know if life is looking at you. Yeah, okay, Neil. Have a great life Good job. Okay, and back at you 144 at Wild. Boy, what a great job of conversion we've done here today, man West Kendall Dale. Yes, sir. Uncle Dale. Yeah. Hey, what is this guy, Jacob? Where did he come from? Where did he come from? Brooklyn. Brooklyn. Does that answer all your questions? I thought he was a cable expert. Oh, he was an expert on everything. Just ask him. He'll tell you Okay, Neil. Neil, let me ask you for. He said he capples his body. That's why he shows up over the World of China. This is a very incestuous business where people keep putting their buddies on the I see. Okay. I see. I got to job. I couldn't believe it. I wanted to A lot of way that put capital into Jacob the same haircut saw it. It works so good. Neil, your favorite all-time rock and roll song. Did you mention that? I don't know. Do you like what's been built? Oh, that's not my favorite song. It's one of them. It's great. It's one of the best records ever made. The Delvikings. The Delvikings? Right. The first hit was come go with me and then it was whispering bells and then they just disappeared never to be heard from again. What about what about the show up at those magic old E. Ruins on Saturday nights? That's true. You like them? In the store. What do you mean do I like them? Yeah. It was one of the great. I'd say one of the top ten of all time. All right. You're going right back with me. Now I want to ask you a question. Maybe some of my new audience would know and call in the first rock and roll song. I'd like to know. I wanted to write a rock around the clock. I'd be like a rock around the clock. I'd be like a really considered to be the first rock. I think you've done a say that before that. Well, it all depends on who you ask. I think it's about a charm. Call what? I don't remember the title. No. I plugged it out. Nickel in the juice box. No. Back in Miami. Need middle 50s and it came on. Well, if you asked all the mavens like a breathe of cave who's dead and the Dick Clark and all those experts they would tell you was rock around the clock. I built here in the car. Okay. One more question. How do they know to read a 72? Thank you very much. Great day. 146 at WIOD. On a tremendous Friday man. We're doing it. Papa, park tonight. The full man go and highly at a mile. What is that you're eating now? Oh, can only bring the gun. I didn't say anything yet. Did I put it him yet? Just shove that can only wear belongings in mind your old business. How can people tell you willicks guy using it? Fucking crazy. Of course we can. shootings Journey. I don't care, but let me. Student. I'm going for drugs. Sort of like the over-text middle class. No? All right, here's your answer. The reason George Bush could lose in 1992. I'm James, why? It's an in and down to him. Why? No, well, he didn't write me the first time. He never will. He could sound like, no, that. I get the nightmare on recessions. Wait, I got it. All right, George. Let's see what you got. No, new idea. One of the questions, please. Oh, you mean like, why don't I have any new idea? Yeah, what? What's that called? Boding out of it. This is the sort of door to end up. Why? Run the well, he's working. Come on, I saw. On this list, he's holding a key. I think you should mention him. He's far. 150 and WI of these, such of all people. Now, see what it comes to silly records. He's the expert. Anything silly, such knows about. So naturally, he was on recessional, the Kishka. But it came in here and he was talking about some Polish, or Stan Bojukinski, or somebody like that. He said, wait a minute, Stan, freeberg. And it was on Capitol. Stan, freeberg did a novelty record of who stole the Kishka. And that's what I was thinking about. And leave it to sons to a lay-down on them. Subinouyeurs. And the same to you. Oh, come on. Yeah, right. I grew up in Fargo. And we had a meat market up there called Marushek. Yeah. And I've got the ingredients right here on their label. And it says, top wheat grows. Buckwheat. Buckwheat. No, buckwheat. My kid's got here. We grow. Orch now. Spoof. Orch, liver. Went and doubt. Eat the snow. That's that and beef blood. No, no, that's Kishka again. You're talking about pork sausage. That's not what we're talking about. That's the Polish thing. That's exactly what I was talking about. That's the Polish we need. I thought you'd like to hear about those pork. No, gross. Well, no, no, at least the polls have gotten excuse now. Big, exactly. Okay. You have a good new year. Oh, man, forget that Kishka crap. Okay. Forget that Polish garbage. Oh, man. No, what is a guy he's all screwed up? Darrell. Hey. Yeah. Oh, that man. That was just a gagging year. That's no. Okay. What? It's not appetizing. I'm ready for a big gastronomic weekend. I'm just thinking of that. I noticed Rick and Suds brought their steel meat in here again today. They've been bringing this thing in for wheel of meat the same slab for about two weeks now. Well, you gotta give him a break. Yeah, he said yesterday they're great. I thought that the shirt collect a lot of money for Camilla's house. Yeah, they're really doing 120 big ones in the middle of 75,000 people. It's a parade downstairs. Yeah, they try, they try. Yeah, they're doing it. Yeah. Hey, I was really, I was, during about this guy, I was at about a police can go into buses now and hurt you and do all sorts of things. Right. Thanks, God. First grab. Well, please. Yeah. I'm going to have to grab onto the desk where they play my rap and I don't know how to hear it. Good thinking. Grab your visa. Yeah. And your marketing is fresh. No leave the rap without it. All right, well, have a great weekend. It's a good night. OK, nothing to say. What a good guy, but nothing to say. Here's the felty and lady. Neil. How are you doing? Good. How are you doing? OK. Happy new year. I'm like you've been sampling the goods. Well, I just saved some a little fix. I went to one of my favorites. You wish that leaves in Kendall. It's on the menu top thing they have. Kiska. Mm. And they said there is no such thing as Polish thing. It's only Jewish and that's the official word. Well, I got news for Akiska that we've been hearing about this Polish blood sausage with the pig-guest now. It's got nothing to do with Kiska. Exactly. So those polls have screwed it up again. That's right. So that's it. That's all I have to say on that. OK. OK. Bye. Bye. Wow. She sounded like she's jogging down her stomach. 154 a WIOD for Lutterdale on the Sterline. Hello, you know? Yeah. So I, you know. OK. I want to say, I was holding on to it last week for you. I believe that. And I hit a dead cell area and I got disconnected. Mm-hmm. So anyhow, I want to say what Kiska is for those people out there. Oh, you're lazy. They didn't know what it is. OK. It's that round orange circular thing on the plate at a bar mids for next to the prime rib. Right. You know what I'm talking about? Now we got it. Let me tell you what kind of life I have. I have no life. OK. When I call my brother, this is a kind of phone call we have. Hello, hello, how are you? Oh, Neil? I really like your show. What? What? You always have to talk so bad about the bluehead people and sunrise. I have no life. I have no life. And then he says, why don't you get the, you know, the bag out of the shower and give it a good workout for us? Which I have in the foreskin. Neil, you're the best. I know. Have a great life. Find one, please. 155 and WIOD get the search party out to find that guy a semblance of one. South Miami, hello. Hey, hello. In a life, too. Yes. How are you today? OK. I just got back from Southern Belle. They turned off my phone. Why is that? Well, well, I was an amp from South. Just because he haven't paid the bill for the last six years. Yeah, I was an amp from them. And I left. I took the bill with me and I forgot to mail it. No. You're not the guy that was over there spoke to us. Yeah. I just got back on the other one. I don't understand people. Well, why don't you call us or talk it about Southern Belle? What is that?