So Henry, which stopper player really has the biggest wreck was Henry? Henry sells all today. We'll be able to use talk radio's 610 WIOD presents the Neo Rodgers Show to talk with Neo dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD outside the 305 airy code toll free 1-800-944-WIOD and both output ability customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD. Now, the Neo Rodgers Show on Neo's 610 WIOD. HITS TIME ON OF IT, SHITS THEC! Henry, your song is super, because with her, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, my Henry song, I'll play with my name. So Henry said it might be Mark Clayton, but he'd have to recheck. Henry was telling me earlier in the wake of that story about Clayton opening up his big stupid mouth again that all those years he spent doing the post game interviews in the Doughford locker room, he knows the hose man. So it's 10-07 at WIOD after a just puke inducing Sunday, hope you had a great holiday, have a happy new year and a great life and we're in a playoff's man, we're the champion. Oh, good. It's all a big joke, it's just, it's gotta be a joke isn't it? Is it a put on? It's not a put on? We're the champions, we did it. Dolphins won the AFC, we got a buy as in, buy buy. Roomer has it the offense, Mr. Plain Aboston over the weekend. Thank God for Pete's story, and that's our only hope and how about that dick McPherson. The coach of the Patriots, I mean you're like marching in the last seconds of regulation, they got a chance to get your field goal and might win again, they got that Charlie bombin' who actually is a pretty damn good kicker and filled in for a story anime, 20 was holding it out last year. And what does he do? He takes his like high school quarterback, drop back man and throw it. That's it, drop way back there and let him sack your ass and take us out of field cold. Thank you so much, Dick, and I'm best to lock in your new endeavors, whatever that might be. God, were the champions? We're like, I can't believe it, just pathetic. Then the bill's last night, 27 or 3 to Houston taking a gigantic dive. But hey, you never know, we might just go all the way, we might just do it. And what a joke that would be, you can't complain about our offense, we don't have it in, how about those buck and ears man, are they doing it or what? Yes, big, big, close out the season victory at the finest, no less, 7 or 3. So anyway, it says Clayton crewed about Olson incident. Now it's interesting if you read the Miami hero, first of all, you're probably a trouble maker if you do. And secondly, you don't get the real story. The hero had like a little blurb on this and had nothing about the real essence of the story, because I guess there's such goodly two shoes at the hero at Barry Jackson's tubis he writing like column after column after column after column, about WQAM and just sucking around with Jimmy Seffel, Owen Joseph Gacky and Hank Goldberg and all my God, it's so great that they don't have time to give you the real sports stories. But in the Sun Sentinel, it says by Michael Mayo, who likes to write about radio hothead tacos, Michael Mayo says after the dolphin, 16, 13 overtime when Sunday, Mark Clayton made some crude remarks about former Boston Harold reporter Lisa Olson, a victim of sexual harassment in the Patriots locker room two years ago, Clayton referred to Olson as a renquest watcher as he was getting dressed. Well, let's just got a blank there, okay, but you know, they want to say renquest. Clayton was upset that a locker room door was open allowing frigid air inside when he screamed to no one in particular, closed the door and people Lisa Olson outside make sure to leave that renquest watcher outside. Oh, said big mark. No female reporters were big mark. We're present at the time, but the locker room was filled with media from South Florida and the Boston area, et cetera, et cetera. So there you go, opening up his big fat stupid mouth one more time, Edibley Mark, we love you. Just keep catching a ball and shut up. Our Camille sauce total is 86 to 88 sorry 88,630 bucks. We're going to go over 90 before a January, not bad. We have to look 31st to January. We got another month to go. We'd like to get to 150, which would be our all time records. Going to be tough. Gonna have to have like a big push. Like on that AT&T Camille sauce hotline number today, toll free. 1-800-852. Oh, oh, oh, oh six. My juicy man juicer. Hey, I got a great glass of apple juice. 1. And then on the idea, and then it broke. It's already broken. It's already as useless as dried doggy do. Although it does do a good job on dry doggy do man delicious. In fact, I put a banana in there. I want to do apple banana juice. This is a true story. And I'll because apple banana is great juice. And a banana. Right out the back into the pulp thing. Yeah, the whole thing right out the back. No, I didn't put the peel in there just about an, and it spit the whole thing out of the back. See the button, the lesson, and I learned a very hard, I'm going to send that thing back to piece of crap. Anything you see on TV is crap, okay? Especially an infomercial. If it was a good product, it would be in the stores. They could sell it in the store. But of course, when it's in the store, you can see it and put your hands on it and squeeze it and feel it. And then you know, it's a piece of plastic and a piece of crap. And nobody would buy it. So that's why they spend millions of dollars to sell millions of these products, the suckers like me, like Ron Popele with the spray it on here and with the veggie magic with little four cent piece of plastic thing that's supposed to cut up your fruit. It's all a bunch of crap. So don't ever get sucked into buying anything off TV, okay? I guess I can say that now that Buddy Bud sold his home shopping, now where he won't get upset. Well, of course he will. It's a crap. It's garbage. So I guess the deal with the juicer, at least that one is history, until man I could do hours on it till all the Randy already did it Saturday. I was in hysterics Saturday. She was she came on. No, let's see. That's right. He was on a Friday afternoon. He is so bad and so terminal and so happy. He's Mr. Rock and Roll talk host. Well, hey, how about that priest and how about that little black kid? What do you think? And how about that for my co-frontature or should it be wood? What do you think? And then some pseudo intellectual asshole calls him up and somewhere along the line, the guy is sucking around like most collars are known to do and he says to Ed Till. Well, I could tell by your syntax that you were very bright guy and Ed Till says, even a line that Joey wouldn't use. He says, oh, syntax. Do they have that in Florida too? A syntax? And I just about he, you doll over my shoes and my feet and my little toes. I mean, just and then he goes from that into a big thing. Well, you don't want to. And you don't want to even have a tax on food and on milk. How do you like that? How do you like that? Oh, God, send him back and don't ever let him back here again. In fact, I know the perfect place for Ed Till worried. Fitting like a glove. Either at he'd fit in perfect with FLA. He'd be right up there, Ali. Or. Oh, you tell, Ed Till. So great. You'll be 90. Perfect for them. 10 13 on the IOD network George. George. Coming up tonight at eight following sports talks. Six dead. It's the Randy Roadshow right here. Come on, you are your team. Four names are fun. With breakfast people. And you can 95. All across the country, people are eating beef for dinner. In the radio Texas, the thing of families being poisoned by a bad butt law. In Milwaukee, Stan Fleners, choking to death on a waterfully mario. And his dear and name, the Johnson's are watching on the gene of the coronary. The doc says a lifetime of eating burgers is blocked as arteries tighter than a hangman's news. At the end of the day, nothing kills so many people in so many different ways. Beef. It's what's for dinner. Possibly your last dinner. 10 60, we got to do something about the menu at Pompano Park, which is better than ever this year, by the way. But last year, they had that great fruit salad because I've gone a whole week today as one week. And I've eaten just a little bit of meat. I had an any posto on Saturday night at the track, which by the way Kevin Wallace is God. I just mentioned that in passing. Finally, I had a winning night at Pompano Saturday. It was like a miracle, major miracle. But anyway, and they took that fruit salad with a banana bread off the menu. And I had the any posto at too much salami in cheese and that thing, man. Not what the doctor had in mind. But I've lost some weight. I'm down to 188 pounds and counting. I feel in great. I'm doing it. Quit with the meat and the milk and the sludge. Quit clogging up your arteries and your veins and poisoning your system, man. Do whatever to have you want to do. So we got to do something about that menu. We have to get this a nice fruit up there at Pompano. All right. I did tell him not to show up there. Miami. Hello. Neil. How do horrible nightmare last night? Yes. I was sitting there. I was dropping a desert island. There was only four stations I could receive. One had had till. One had Joey Reynolds. Uh-huh. One had Rush Limbaugh. And the other one had coming back from the dead. Meg Green. Oh, God. What? Can you think of a worst possible nightmare than that? Time to blow your brains out, man. You got it, Neil. And let me tell you. I believe honestly, to the dolphins are playing with well with anybody in the AFC and could say. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Listen to the real. Neil. Oh, so good. How anybody could watch. And I watched every second of that puke in dozing. Grow test disgusting. We've evolved. nauseating and burasing juvenile performance yesterday with an offense that like I said, missed the plane entirely. And you got the balls to tell me that they're playing better ball than anybody in the AFC. I didn't think better. I said, hey, blow man. That offense sucks. Those guys should go to rehab somewhere. They make me nauseous. They are pathetic. First play at the game. Again, the game against the high school team in a quarterback hands off to this like little league running back at the drops to ball on the ground. First play at the game. And we got the ball on the 18 yard line. And we stagger through our usual three and out and have to count on story and a bitch for a field goal. Right then in there, you knew it was going to be a long nauseating puke. Endozing day. Have a look at it this way. Yeah, that idea here. Don't lie to yourself. I mean, it's one thing a lie to me. You don't delude yourself and tell me that we're doing this. We suck. We're going to get up the more pathetic. You might point at everybody in the AC. Everybody else also sucks. How about that Houston game your last night exactly. How about Kansas City? How about San Diego? You tell me that if we play if we would have played the game. We played last Sunday night or yesterday against a reasonable team. Keeping in mind, not only were we playing the Patriots yesterday, but a better up Patriots without having their players with a fourth string quarterback. Don't even know how to get out of high school. I mean, come on. Give me a break. This is an offensive line that's allowed 63 sex this season. And we got to the quarterback twice during the entire game. Okay. Well, Neil was just up there. And a Dick McPherson wasn't an ambassador. I didn't throw away the chance for the field goal in last two minutes. We might never have been any overtime. I don't know. I heard an interview with the first and apparently the quarterback was not supposed to do what he did. Right. But then in any case, your least did a last night. What does that have to do with anything? No, I'm just changing the topic. Okay. Have a great day. We have an open line in date. 751, 2 and Broward, 524 and one on our world famous Florida line. I mean, these people in this town. I mean, you know, support your teams. Whatever they are, go out there, pay your harder money. Be a fan, but don't lie. Like last week that punk kid, I'll never forget as long. Oh, this offense is great. Every week I go to the game. They're great. How could you say these things? Because they're true. You idiot. You're not going to get you in pursuit. You punk, you meet head. They ought to be a sin tax. I couldn't believe you said that when he said sin to and he tried to make a bit out of that. And then he had some of 72 year old bag from Boca. And it was obvious it was the only call on the board. And she's going on and on and then finally she says, Wow, I remember you from Chicago. How's your mom and dad? Oh, well, you got a minute. Got a minute? I got a minute. I'll call him right now. Get him on the phone. I don't know. Call off is in the oven right now. She hung up on him. That's how desperate he was to milk that call. Oh, god. Where does that end, and I'm, I just want to go on record. It's almost the new year so might as well get it out of our system. Nothing is going to change at WILD and Cox enterprises, and WSU when I can't speak for four miles because I thank God for you. Seriously owns that and as a week as they are they must know something. Because it's not this company. Nothing is ever going to change. They're still going to try to buy off your allegiance with hockey tickets and tickets to this and tickets and playing tickets and meals at this place you don't want to eat. And other than that, forget it. Nothing will ever change because they are enchanted with mediocrity. They love boy Gary. They love the new production guy who I wouldn't wish on the Hitler and Mussolini together. I mean, these people here, it's just so forget about it. Just the life goes on. Speaking of life goes on. Oh, man. I hear you're really sick. How do you know that? That's where Rich packed your told me. He's very concerned. But you're laughing about that. That's what he said the other day. And by the way, don't ever let him back in here again. George my god, I thought he was going to come and sit in there and he comes in here and he's like, you and his own show with me all day on Thursday. All day. Pappa. I mean, get him out of here. You had him in the studio. I didn't have him in a studio. He muscled his way in here and he kept sitting around bugging me. I mean, he talked about a radio groupie. And you didn't bring that up while I was on the phone last week. Oh. On Thursday. I think that's what my call does. No. Okay. So I said you're very sick. Is that true? I am sick. Yeah. But anyway. Well, what does that mean? I don't know. The doctors don't know. Nobody knows. Yeah. Well, I think that orange complexion should have been the first hints. Let me tell you what. This is Mr. Expert who gave me a big lecture about my god plan or about Drick and lots of olive oil. This is purely genetic and nothing more. Okay. Anyway, what the holes are going to say. Oh, my chusers and act me. Is that what you were going to buy? What do you mean is what I was going to buy? Or did you buy it? I bought the juice man one. Did you spend two from that geek on TV? It's a piece of crap. It's broken already. And I'm going to throw it in the toilet. Send it back. You get a full refot. I am going to send it back. I still got the box in the hole, a shipping crap. No, but the good one is the act me. You can get that in the box. I heard the panasonic is the best. One. I also heard that the Omega is very good. They get in the health food store. I don't know from acne. I'm real happy with my. Let me ask you a question. If you were coach Rogers of the dolphins, what the hell would you do with the office? Send it to our cadia. Send them to a rafer. Try the ransom of cheer. I'm scared what's going to happen in two. Yeah, when we play a good team, thank God we got a week off. At least we don't have to be embarrassed next week. We can all have a happy new year. I mean, if we play like San Diego or Kansas City or anybody that's, you know, better than a high school or sandlot team, we're going to get our ASCII. We're going to be so far behind by come to third quarter that won't make any difference what story end of it does. Although, if you remember a few years ago, we played Kansas City in the playoffs and they were supposed to blow us away. Wait a minute, that was two years ago and we happen to have a hell of a season two years ago and that we gave them. We beat them over time. But that mean, we had a good offense two years ago. We could take the ball down a field and score. This team couldn't score in your house. I'm telling you, they're pathetic. I'm embarrassed. I was so angry during that game. It's the same old crap every week no matter who we play the same old crap. Three and out, three and out, dropped the ball. It one time Clayton was wide open. He's always like, honey, our job is head. I mean, these guys, I don't care if it's marino. I don't care who it is. And thank God, we finally got Bobby Humphrey's in line of because Higgs got hurt. And how come we don't use him more? Because every time he gets in there, all he does is go crazy. Yeah, he's, he looks crazy. Yeah, I think somebody ought to give a, the shoelace of notos and wake his ass up. But I'll tell you. I don't know who looks worse. Buffalo or us. But, Patrick, well, it's a hell of a commentary. I'm over come to isn't it? Yeah. Well, I hope you're okay. Well, I'll be alright. Feel something. Good thing. Good. 1025 on the IOD network. That's the latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center each hour. Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast. Come on, you are your team. Men, everyone wants to stay in shape. With which exercise video is right for you, you've tried jazzer size and a robust size. Now try the workout that is old as the Bible itself. Circum size. Yes, it's the quick, easy way to lose inches instantly. Try it at home for 40 days and 49. Money back, if you don't see results immediately. The exercise takes for men only. Circum size. I have no force in 1029 at WIOD. So what do you think? You think Lisa Olson is a rank-twist watcher or what? We have an open line in a Broward 524 and 2 on the Florida Watts man. They're not, uh, Watts going on. 1-800-944-WIOD. Quite frankly, we can handle that. Let's do Miramar. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'm talking on me. Are you talking on me? Am I talking on you? I'm talking on you. Okay, dummy. And, hey, for you, I listen to you, you know, on the old start of station. Yeah. I hate it, too. Yeah. 80-60. Yeah. What do you want? What do you want, dummy? What kind of a, isn't this the time of the year when even people like you are supposed to be a little bit civilized or don't you have it in your, huh? Let me go for it. Isn't it your repertoire? Get out of here. You're pathetic old fart. Go find ghost dick. You're finger in your rough thing, man. Get out of my life. Oh, this is going to be a rough week, huh? Between the Rawld Town. It's the week, it's in the Warren Limbo. Warren Rush Limbo, land man. Two open lines, it's browned and the entire watts as the satellite honors, it's just a joke. Look at that, 1-800-944-WI-O-D. Rick and Sudree turn this afternoon, Randy the night. We're doing it, but you're not. Oh, is that the kind of call we're going to have today? From across the old, is, hey, here's a go. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you dummy, and you're still out there listening. You're still searching and rotating on that, it, a digit, archipel. Go find a life. Go take up Majong. Take up Shuffleboard. Go watch your dentures, visit a glass. Go do something useful. Go go take a good blueberry animal. Do something. God, Almighty. South Miami on the Sterlide. What is that? Is it? Yes, what was that? Oh, it's beef back. It's the phone sucks. Anyway, the dolphin. Watching the game with my sister's boyfriend. Who's the jet fan? Yeah. And he's ripping the dolphin. Now I know they stuck. Now, why wouldn't he be? Anybody who watches the game should have been ripping 944-WI-O-D? I have a problem with anybody who's not a fan of a team that's sit back and to me ridiculously ripped the dolphin. Why? I don't know if phone, I can't take the noise, I can't handle it. So anyway, I'm listening on radio and watching on TV. I've got the sound, turned out on TV. And I'm listening to Mr. Weaver. I will say this, manager is doing a hell of a good job. I do like mandatory games. Mr. Weaver, on the other hand, has not only lost it, but I mean, you couldn't find it with a search party. That's how far gone he is. They have the coin toss for the overtime to see who's going to receive and who's going to defend which goal, like they do at the beginning of the game. They do it again to go it overtime for the uninitiated out there. We as usual call tails and its heads and we lose the toss. So no England's going to get the ball and we're going to defend whatever to go with the wind at our back, right? So they go into their three minute break. They come back and Mr. Weaver is Apple Plactic. He is all confused. He says, I don't get it. The Patriots are defending the wind and shifted around and they're going straight into the wind. I don't understand. They picked a two to defend the goal and they're going to get the wind is blowing right in their face. I don't get it. Well, guess what Rick, when you win the coin toss, you don't get to get the ball and decide what's going to defend dummy. I mean, he went on and on. He was like psychotic. He just couldn't understand why they made a major mistake in strategy. Oh, God, is somebody going to get that man some like a life or what? Here's a mobile in Papadau Beach. How you doing now? Okay. I'm on golf in Santa and I just want to say that I'm content no matter what happens because I don't want to. Yeah. That's near the kind of fan we like easy to please. Very easy to please because not only did Buffalo and that make it title, they're not going to have a chance to go to football. No, they're all screwed up and they got everybody is they're all defensive injured and Kelly's injured and it couldn't happen to a nicer bunch of assholes. I love it. I love it. If they all broke their leg, if they all had serious, not life threatening, but just short of it injury, I'd be ecstatic. Well, you can look back and see that Buffalo didn't spend any money on a kicker because they wouldn't want probably. These are the super pulp. Yeah. And we did. I say bring back Scott Norway. Just one more. Give one more chance. Right. Take care, Neil. Okay. Bye-bye. See ya. That's the kind of guy we like. He is eat what line was that? I didn't get him off. So this week. There he goes. Opeline at Broward 5249463 on a very exciting Monday. We're kind of like in limbo here waiting for us. Robby coming. What time is this another one of these excuse days? When it's going to be hours and hours because he's over there all by himself. I mean, we're counting on people like Sonny's market. I'm counting. Now we, I, me, counting on people like them in the unicorn. You think that Redhead back there, Mike? You think he's going to get that account straightened out? Oh, God. When we find out there's an account in Mike is got it. He's a nice kid. But I mean, talk about lost. Talk about having no clue. Where is the door and how do I get out? And it do will let me back in. Counting on these people to nurse me through these next several years of vegetarianism. And I'm really doing it right. So what do you think up there since we do pop at a park by the way, starts our full six night a week schedule tonight. Monday through Saturday tonight. You know, he'll be there tonight. That's right. Given back the money he won Saturday, that's yours, truly. But at least we could have the fruit salad with that great banana bread. Couldn't we? Bob up there in the dining room. Let's do something really great for Neil. Let's bring him some fruit. Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. How you doing? Pretty good. I was calling because of manages on this early in the game. Did you listen to a whole game on the radio? No. I think I, about the middle of the second quarter I turned on the radio. The beginning of the game, you saw the game. They followed the first plane in the wing. And we took a field goal. Right. So the first plane again, we stopped in the back field and they have a penalty in the wing when it does. Right. So man, he's certainly literally laughing on the air and he says this team is pathetic. They're a high school team. They are. They are. They're in the zone to be on the field. I wanted him to eat his word. Well, later he was saying directed. Here he said, if the team with this quarterback, what's his name Jeff Crossley? If he could beat us, I'm a monkey. Okay. And then he was talking about having to go to the monkey jungle or whatever. I mean, it just was incredible. And he almost sent him to the monkey jungle today. Thank God. Where he would have been in well, by the way. So, and if it's just got how he didn't make the pro bowl as a kick. I know, isn't that ridiculous? That's okay. We know we know which side our points are buttered on. And there's one of them. And we could mention also by the way that yesterday on the first field goal he kicked at the Putnam that 100 is the all-time leading percentage field goal kicker in the history of the NFL. We just mentioned in passing. The guy is incredible. Yeah. He is incredible. I was going to take something off the lottery number one. Well, that's good. Have a great week. Happy New Year. That's my tactic and it works every time just to kind of deflect him. Because he probably goes say something about my syntax. We have an open line at Broward. Now, is that till, what is the deal with him? Does anybody know? I mean, why was he down here? Because the rumor was he was auditioning on the air. But he kept talking about being on the air on the loop and Chicago and having some TV issue up there is he getting canned or is he gotten canned? I mean, what is the deal all about? Because if you go on vacation unless you have no life at all, you don't go and fill in for somebody on some station unless you're auditioning for a job. What is the deal with him other than he's bad and he's like a pathetic? He was like a cross between Doug Karrick and Dickie Farkel. That's what he sounded like. And I heard by the way, I heard night rhythms on Saturday night and they actually had a pretty good show the other night. It's about time. Well, you know why? No, he just fell on the floor. You know why he had a pretty good show because you weren't talking about farting in those picking for three or four hours. I mean, a little bit of that is okay, but you can only pick it till it starts bleeding. And boy, did Mitch Lewis do a job on Micronirion Saturday. I was in the car. I was standing up and cheering while I was driving. God, why was he on vacation this week? We rip him real good. He's at the office. Bottoms up, Mike. No, man, did he do a hatchet job on Reneerie and believe me when I say it was well deserved? 1037 on the IOD network. Join us this afternoon beginning at two for those wild and crazy guys written suds and it's six. It's so or stalks. It is here. You suck my on TV. I am an imbosal. The most violent animated film of the year, while you score saices to like full-car tune classic, you're a good fellow Charlie Brown. With Joe Pashy as that lovable round headed kid, Charlie Brown. Hey, hey, you're a wealthy fucking bitch. How do you like it, Deerle? As Linus. Hey, you guys, come on, you're friends here. Lighten up Charlie. Up. You're too linus. Hey, Charlie Brown. I'll hold the footpath for you. Oh yeah? Up. You're too. You're a good fellow Charlie Brown. Now showing on a double bill with Nightmare on Sesame Street. Longest to sit up. Come on, bow down on the ceiling. OK, 1041, a Wild. We have an open line. A date one in the out of town line. They're coming on. They're dropping off. They're popping off. But hey, it's a holidays. So what movie do I get from my Columbia movie club? I got a thing now. I just don't even waste the time sending the card in. It's like a challenge to see what crap they're going to send me in a mail. I get. And I hope sides is listing their back today. Although he never goes anywhere anyway, because he don't make any money. Start directly undiscovered country. Untouched by human hands, still in the plastic seal. So I brought it in today to give to him. But if he's already got it, I'll give it away on the air. So we need such to call in on a bat line and just let George know if he's got this yet or not. Start, track the undiscovered country, which I know. And then I told him the other day that this was coming as well, Zudin Lutterbox. I don't know if it's in Lutterbox, dummy, but the price is right. OK? I see over the weekend that was really outstanding. What the hell was this movie that I saw about the guy? Oh, I thought I had seen it. People have brought this movie up a million times. And I must have thought they were talking about some other movie, Tom Beringer and shattered. What a movie that is, man. Unbelievable. God. That was one hell of a flick. Also a few good men, I keep it. Either people love it or they hate it. I have talked to people who said it was the most dry, terminal, boring, sleep-inducing piece of crap. And then a whole bunch of other people say, oh, man, the best movie in years you've got to see it. Homestead. Oh, I knew. Yes, sir. I just come back from a wine vacation when my college, you've been for a while. Right. How was it? It was great. I had a wonderful time with you. I wouldn't imagine. A special amount. We whack a key with a little too crowded. Little crowded, right? Just a little too crowded. Yeah. Like in the starting of the weekend. I got to watch the Miami Dolphins play football on TV and it was embarrassing to be a dolphin fan. They were playing football. I think you're being very kind. I didn't see. I didn't see much. But at least I got to see him over there. But everyone knows why are they so good or why are they not? It was weird. Why are they not? That's what I've been asking myself for most of the season. Why are they not? We were 11 and 5. And quite honestly, oh, I don't even want to talk about it. We played maybe 2 really great games all season. And that was it. Well, both the games actually was 3 games out there and none of them were any good. No. But they had chosen great games. Well, it was something even here. They still suck 2. So I don't know. At least you were having a good time. Right. The win over surfing on the North Shore. It turns out that the $200 you can follow around the islands for 10 days as many times as you want. So I went over to Kauai. But I've seen enough blue tarps to last me the rest of my life. And the trees are all back to normal over there. Yeah. But I really didn't have a good time. And I can see now I'm going to try to move back over there as fast as I can. Because it's really as like paradise. It is. You're right. But cost a fortune to live there. But if you get afforded. That was the only hard part was win because post-raising brand was $8.60. The box. Yeah. So I knew that. You don't have to eat a lot of that. Just a small amount keeps you on to go for week. Yeah, that's true. That's true. I'll be back here at least for two months. I'm going to try to get my things together and try to move back there as fast as I can. OK, good luck. All right. See you. I'd say welcome back. He's not coming back. We have an open line of data. Look who we have on a mobile here. Meal. Radio's amazing chronic from the West Coast. How is your holiday? My holidays were not too bad. How to go and adjust it. I can get used to these three day weekends. I'll tell you that. Very, very pleasant. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. We're going to be doing it again. This coming week Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. And don't have to worry about any of your hernia-inducing football game to mess it up this weekend because they're got a buy. Will you be a top-end-o-o-o this weekend? What does that mean? Will you be a top-end-o-o-o? I'll be a pop-end-o tonight. I'll be a pop-end-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o Yeah, the word no, no, no no, tell me the third and the third and I have ignored these tarnish racing report for you the worst you know, fucks bro are you talking aboy no-no have the metal stands open Saturday night by the way and gently mole on the late double I was there let me let me get to that a minute yeah ah the first part doctors raceway Ha ha ah What their Tuesday night last to 19 yes to be a pretty nice place what does that mean I love deteriorated beyond well that's because nobody goes there all the money comes in on O.T.B. uh... there wasn't a big crowd there and with the O.T.B. money they're doing three times as much money as pop at us but deal with track is it's just it's gone to hell. I mean just terrible. uh... awful. yeah never say much lost you must have lost. no i didn't do that bad at calm on you lost. why i want to fight but i guess you take it that a good time. but lost some money and that's why you're saying it deteriorated. If you were to want a couple of hundred of you got lucky to say boy that is the greatest ham track and that waltre cases got in jomars junior and uh... jimmy maroon and carmine they're doing it. fifty three percent of the winners of that track are far the favorite. never heard anything like that. that's pathetic. yeah once so short pay off. so then i went to the metal and saturday. yeah well you should have liked those prices man they had some uh... dynamite three tricep is the paid over three thousand dollars right. it was an all tricep the card which they normally don't do in the jersey. right. they had seventeen minutes i saw right i saw all the races on the one i got home from pop at a certain i turned on the satellite and there was my buddy Dave Johnson and i had the uh... msg show it was great. the lines were incredible you had to get online with twelve minutes to post or you get i got shot out one race. you got to get it online with twelve minutes to post. the latest pack they have read on the whole track with it about the last year and a half the team monitor over everybody went on beautiful they made it like almost like a casino and a lot of studying. yeah and uh... i don't know how long did you stay. i stayed for uh... let's see what can my program. nine races. oh first well late doubleers the eighth and nine. unfortunately jacquimou on a later. mill jacquimou out of the five hole on a good horse drop a dad and class seven morning line goes off at ten to one. none of the guys i was better. he returned twenty two dollars to win. i saw it. and the triple and i raised paid i think fifty two hundred dollars. everyone took that camel up there. even though check where they have won the driving championship last year. did you see that race bill of pay had like a five-length lead in mid stretch and mosaic here he comes on a far outside and assuming by. yep. yeah i love. anyway we don't turn off the whole audience okay it's going to be tough enough anyway it's a holiday's and i'm finally got the lines going and you call here through with the craft you know. i'm sorry i got. i missed the dolphin game yesterday but how about that game against the jet that was great. yeah what a finish yeah. yeah we're we play at the finish we only play at the end. watch out for those charges but i'd love to see the dolphin play the charges. get a little revenge for last year. yeah it'd be cool. yeah we got a shot. i'll bring a blindfold for that game. okay you'll see it this weekend. you're going to play off. what are you going to see it? yeah yes i'm going to the play off. i'm going to the track i'm going to hell Joe. i have a great week. see you this weekend pal. but. he's a great guy but god he just goes on and on and on and on and on. he's too enthusiastic he's forgotten that he's in Florida. you're not supposed to be so enthusiastic when you live here okay. okay sunny. we have an open line in date 751 and one on the Tampa 4 Myers 4 Myers is not checking into. they are they check back with us and see if you're still on the air as they say. at 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 10 49 on the iod network. don't miss the weekend magazine. featuring the latest news information trends and what's happening. this Saturday and Sunday morning right here. call what an Asian pair. it's half apple and half pair. what a pair. but i guess you heard that before sunny. thanks a lot while you're going to nurse me to health. are you going to do it. thank you very much. i'm staying with you. stand business at least a log at healthy. okay 10 54 he said anything he can do that. let's do north-laterdale. hello. hi. pretty good. happy new year. and the same to you sir. what's the problem you're having with the juice man too. i've owned one for six months i love it. he said crap. i've tried every machine before. i've never seen i use the second time i used it. it broke. no i didn't break that way. it's just that the upper part won't separate from the bottom part. you know the part that's got the basket in it. yeah i had no problem taking it apart put it back together. the first time i used it. right now it won't screw off. it's just uh... in limbo and i mean i've tried everything. it's not on their crooked right here. it just won't come off. well maybe he's maybe just the one you got or something like that. right. i've used it for six months. i had those jack. i've put it in it. i've put it banana through any juice. there's no juice in a banana. the instructions tell you. i've put it in every tree. i've put it in a Vitamix. yeah i'm blinder you can because it just pulverizes it. but it doesn't extract the juice. yeah but apple bananas one of the best juices going on. yeah but if you have to put the banana in a blend of the Vitamix. son you have juice over there. you do juice. well how come you never bring me any juice. what does he say? tell me it was too much sugar in it. no it did look. my diabetes is not. my blood sugar is great now. forget about that. some great juice would be good. go ahead i'm sorry i'm getting emotional. i'm sorry. i told him back on me. if you go with the other machines like the Panasonic or all those others. you'll be back i'm telling you. i'm sure that they're bad. they're bad. they just find the right here. the Omega is the best one i did. but it's not. that is a good one. the Omega is a good one. but the other ones like the juice tiger or the other one. the jackalain machine. jackalain machine. you know that he's like 175 years old. it looks just like sunny from the market. that's it. that's all that you're drinking juice. yeah. and the other thing i wanted to talk about. how does how does boy Gary do a nationwide search and radio and records magazine for production director and wind up with the incubus on the air here. i am you hear this call. George are you listening to what this man is saying. i didn't influence and pay this man to call. this guy and he may be a really nice guy. but his voice is so annoying. i don't know. i never meant to. but this boy lacking in personality or anything. i have never heard of. he's been sucking down. packed up to back. for about 20 years. no matter fact he wasn't a haul this morning. was sucking down some red man. i mean i almost had a pull off the side. every time he does a rejoining. he says that he don't. that's sunny from the market. that's it he's the scariest voice i've ever heard. yeah. well why doesn't michaelo is due to the voice. now for that stuff. he's uh... relegated to uh... second of the fiddle now. don't ask me i guess because he's too good. the we see had a person now i didn't have a. as deep of a voice but at least it was personality. right. i mean this guy's he has to pull off the side of the road and take a prozac after every uh... every time you hear him do a commercial. well i think the governor paid boy gary off. he's in a bit prosack lobby. and that's after a national search for the best voice in the country. right you got it. have a great new year. you're happy. okay. that's boy gary the same man who gave you joy rentals. and ilex bet it and dicky farkle and mig green. and uh... ed till. and the list goes on and on and on and on and on. we have an open line of day 751 and one and a one and a hour five to four so what kind of juicy got sunny. i just gonna ask you. what do you got what do you like. what do i like i like uh... apple i like apple banana i like strawberry i like uh... any any uh huh or carrot you got carrot juice. i can't hear him what is he saying. let me read your lips okay. what is he saying. just bring some crap and stop messing with my life okay. in fact if you were nice guy bring a bunch of stuff that i could take home. and i'll be happy to pay for it like double the cost just for breath. i'm not looking for freebies i don't know what you're laughing about. i am not looking uh... guy that makes my kind of money i'm going to be a snoring. but you're right across the street wouldn't be a nice thing for you to get involved in this. and help me to become like human again instead of eating all that crap. although sunny does watch you meat eaters to go into his uh... market there is got beautiful meat if you're in the flesh. you got the best seafood and meat and man it's from a beautiful cow. okay let's go to a lady in Tampa hello. the lady in Tampa put the phone up her a thing i think. do you hear that. thanks so much honey. yeah no. yes sir happy new year and the same to you. um... i would send that to you master whatever it is. and get you money back because i got sucked into that uh... color match 2000 oh man are you kidding me. and it was it was embarrassing because well i was given a car and it was an older car. so you know looking at the commercial where they say i'm blast the car and they put this stuff on. yeah i put it on in it look like. i put shoe polish on right and i kept rubbing the best part of it is that if you don't look good on a car you can take the same thing put on your ball spot. well i kept rubbing and buffing it and in a car too. and it went to come off it look like i put shoe polish on and then buff it off. and i have a bullspot. because cars uh... the paint finish has a clear finish on it and uh... this makes it look dull. so you know you put it on the whole car. yeah and your car still ends up looking like a doll piece of crap shot. yeah right and i i well the the the the the thing here the message for everybody and i'm very serious any info you ever see on tv immediately shut up. i mean it's okay if you watch it for entertainment and laugh at it but do not even think about whipping out to credit card or calling that i don't even understand the audience and these commercials. i mean they're all on drugs. haven't just seen the expressions on their faces they're all on drugs and they're getting paid off but other than that. well listen it what is it five seconds. what's that oh i get one more thing about uh... in the post of the late. this is south florida's news traffic and weather station used to get you six ten w i o d by any fortlutter dayl and the palm beaches. so have a sense he still think about the answer the question but he knows it wasn't yet managed. use talk radio six ten w i o d presents the new rogers show to talk with new dial seven five one w i o d from date in brown five two four w i o d outside the three o five area code toll free one eight hundred nine four four w i o d and both out mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star i o d now the new rogers show on new stock radio six ten w i o d and don't have a bounce back. really. Henry and i would just have a little discussion about the juicer. and. aster oster i thought he played for the braves in a reds. anyway to eleven o six i'm getting into it though now. i haven't you can eat all i crap that comes on Thursday i'm just going to have those salads. and maybe a little bit of soup on the difference is amazing in a week in one week. so. I think. I think. yeah Henry says he'll drink anything. Okay we have two open lines and brown five two four and he says you're right. a wasn't managed. Okay let's do a lady in Tampa she there. Hi there she is. What happened to you before. I was disconnected. Oh sorry about that. Was your board off? No it was not my board up. It was our phone. It was somebody at the Miami Shore's phone company. I was just connecting our call. Did you see how far? No is it good. I loved it. and. It was very good. Jack Nicholson. Yes very good. Very believable. Right. Yes. Go see it. And I'm very happy about your reds stage. Yeah. I hope it's not a stage it's this is it. Hey I hope it stays. It's really good and find out about blue community. Why? Blue green algae. It comes from Oregon. It comes from your Oregon. Oregon. Not from my Oregon. Yeah. Blue green algae. What when what is it what do you do with it? You put it in your fish tank. No no no no no no. You take this. It. Blue green algae. Yes. You can eat it. Well you can make it. You can you can mix it in your juice. And what does it do for you? Well it gets rid of all the toxins in your system. Really? Yes. I don't know if I'm going to go that far and go to that like cell salts and all that real. I'm not I'm not in all that real heavy duty health foods because most of it is a scam anyway. I don't think this is. Blue green algae. Where do you get it? It comes out of the way. You scrape it off your Oregon. Yes. I usually do. No seriously. Where do you get it? Well you have to call Oregon to get it. You have to call Oregon. What do you do? Just call the operator and say give me the algae lady in Oregon. Exactly. No no. You can call any health food store but they have some but the original one is in Oregon. Yeah. And it comes in smoothie. You can have vanilla smoothie, banana and you mix it in with any kind of juice. When you're algae or you can just look out the inside of your aquarium. Well it's not the same algae. Yeah. Okay. I'll check it out. Check it out. Have a great day. Bye bye. Wow. We have an open line in date 751 and one in Broward 524. Do they have a health food store on the saw grass? Does anybody know? Because I haven't gone needless to say anywhere near there. He's last couple of weeks. I mean nowhere near there. But you would think in them all that big. They have a really. I don't mean one of those. Oh, geez. I don't want to get started. I don't like those chains. I'm not going to mention any names. I don't like those chain health food stores. Like the one in history initials. Oh, God. I just so plastic and so antiseptic and so avon park. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neal, but God Rogers. Yes. You are God. I don't know we do a nail or just stand up. You're a genius. I like to couple of times. Neal, I just want to let you know that I never listened to Em Radio before until about three months ago. And now it's something with my ass. I'm dialing. You were fumbling with it, yes? I was something with it in a big way. And I hit the am dial. I'm mistaken. I heard you two words. The words do spag and asshole. And after that. And you can relate to. Yeah. Forever. Hmm. Anyways, I'm just wondering, you know, right now I'm taking a look. I'm taking a little vacation. I'm going to alcohol and drug treatment center over here. Right. And I think we will, we will, we will pass time. We will listen to your tapes. It's reality therapy. Right. And it's great. Nice one. You know that you're doing a good job. And man, we definitely go all the way this year. Yeah. They're going all the way. They're going to Kathy's house. They're going to try to go all the way. But I'm not sure if they could score there. Have a great year, pal. Get to see you. Bye, bye. Open line and Broward 5241 and Fort Myers. Nothing from Fort Myers or Cape Coral or a stereosipity. Doodah. Nothing. Naples. We had an apels on her, but they're in a big hurry over there. It's a holidays. Everybody's in a big rush. Everybody's got a big rush. It's 11 after 11 on the IOD network. You're here, Chuck Meyer. Joey Reynolds. Tom Hopkins. Jim Mantage. And Randy Rhodes. Each weekend. Right here. Tell you I'll be. 11 15. So the big story. And I absolutely hope he never calls this station again. You know Vincent. When Chuck was on last week, when they doing work and said Vincent called it. It was when I was driving home. And I was thinking, how long is this call going to go on? And Chuck let him go on and on and on and on. It's the same chronic Vincent that calls every radio station in town. And it's been doing it for like 20 years. And somewhere in the conversation besides boring stories about the racetrack is about how Larry King owes a money from my. So here he was talking about how he made it in the star. And I have it in my hand right now. And the article as well December 29th the star. Larry King vows to pay back victims. He kind out of dollars. What's the question? Yeah. And it's got the picture from today and the picture from WIOD from 20 years ago. Look at that. Look at that. Oh God. It says today he's a pala president. But in 1971 Larry King was a scam artist who used his radio job to fleece the gollable was a simple mistake. Great. Don't me $50. Talk show Titan Larry King wants to shed the guilt left over from his wild days as a horse playing con man and pay back a small fortune to the men and women he built. I'm sorry I let people down King now says I didn't have a lot of faith in myself. I had an ego problem. I had to spend money money went through my hands like water. King who now chats with presidents and makes an estimated 2.5 million year has come a long way since his days as a Miami radio host with a thriving side line in swindles. What's the question? Yeah. In 1971 he was arrested for stealing $5,000 for Miami business man Lou Wilson. But served no time in jail because the statute limitations had run out. However he wasn't so lucky on a charge of writing rubber checks when the publicity of his guilty plea got him kicked off the air. But before radio station W.I.O.D. gave him the boot. And forced him into bankruptcy King reaped big bucks from a scams that traded on his local fame. I call the president of a local bank and tell him I was thinking of doing a show on banking Larry once revealed. Now all of this was baloney but the guy would be so enormously flattered we'd set up lunch. A couple of weeks later I'd call a guy back and say oh by the way I hate to bother you but my mother is quite ill and I need $5,000 for an operation. Can you tell me the best place to get a loan that fast? Among those who would love to see their lost cash is 79 year old Vincent Malagni of Miami who met King in 1973 after he'd been kicked off the air. I've been preparing a book called a loser's game about how you can't win playing the horses as Malagni who worked behind the high roll as window at highly raced track. I was showing the manuscript to some of the other clerks one day while Larry was hanging around. He was looking over my shoulder and said, don't be fristed out. No you look at over my shoulder and said can I read that? He looked at over and said this is a heck of a story. Tell you what, I have a connection with double day publishing. Give me your stories I'll rewrite them. But King did nothing of the kind instead. He squeezed $2,000 worth of small loans out of the older man who believed the king was his friend. Today, the stiff senior that's past tense needless to say in Vincent's case, the stiff senior estimates King owes him $5,000 including interest. Was a simple mistake. And says he's still waiting. I want my dove and says I'm not Santa Claus. And that's just one of the debts King says he wants to repay according to his attorney Bob Wolf. I don't want to start an avalanche, but the intent is the intent is that Sunday we hope to be reimbursing the people someday. When it comes to that Sunday, going to be Larry. I don't know. Yeah. But some aren't keen to take up the offer. Mrs. Abner Wolf, whose late husband lost $34,000 to King, never wants to hear his disgusting putry voice again. He may be looking for more money worries the weary widow and it contemptuously. You couldn't print what I think of Larry King. You're going to be $35,000. Yeah. So there it is in the star. Nice going, Vincent. And don't ever call us again. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hi. Hi. Well Neil, I'm so glad to talk to you. I've been listening to your show for years. Uh-huh. And we're visiting for Tau House. I want you to know we tell everybody in Tau House. They want to have to make that long, hellish drive down to Miami. To listen to you. Great. And I've heard you say that people get you in Tau House and we never can. And I'm really disappointed. Why not? I don't know. I guess we live too far down in the hills. You can't get 620 in by you? Uh-huh. No. We have to drive. We can't get it. I'll be damned. But we really like your show. And I want to call my ex husband a blood-sucking douche bag. Okay. Thank you. Have a great time. Bye. Bye. All the brow lines just opened up 5-2-4. That's because all the brow people just ran to the bank to wait for Larry to come by and make it a positive in their account. 20 after 11 on the IOD network. Coming up to 90 days following sports dogs 6-2. It's the Reddy River. Little like home. Right here. Come on, you are your team. I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy I believe it looked like an older interview. You had less hair than you have today. How do you explain that? I don't wear a wigs, sir. Paint your balls pot. What balls pot? You paint your balls pot? I don't know when you're talking about sir my head grows. You paint your balls pot. I don't have a balls pot. How come you had less hair on the tape? Maybe my head grew. Maybe I had a bad haircut that day. You play the way something. What do you care? Paint your balls pot? I don't. Do you paint your balls pot? Paint your balls pot? No, second. That is great radio. What? 25. Wiod. Almost time to go home. I thought didn't see the other one. It's only 11. 25. And all the Broward lines are open already. Amazing. At 5.249463. That is the best. One of not the best. But one of the best fruits I've had in my hand in years. What did he call it? It looks like an apple, but it tastes like a pear. Do you have some more to eat? Anyway, let's go to Fort Myers. Hello. Yes, Neil. How are you doing? Well, if Larry Kingfields get up here as a girl, they can't just sign the Pope. Yeah. He's something else. I like that. We keep hearing us every few months. We keep hearing this story. I guess to get a more publicity about how some day he really wants to do it. But they won't tell us when. In other words, after all these people croaked in, they'll say, oh, we were just going to do it tomorrow. And we just missed out. Well, I love your show here in Fort Myers. It was actually a lot better without that Cuban broad thing in the background from 620. You mentioned the movie shattered, and after I saw that movie, I tell people, you know, when you see the first five or ten minutes of that, you should know the outcome of that movie, but it's such a good movie. It could draw you in so quickly. I don't think I saw the first five or ten minutes. I think, where the car goes over the hill? No, I didn't see that. Oh, go back. I saw he was already in the hospital. Go back and see that from that very beginning. And when you get to the end you say I should have known that I've seen that plot But doesn't let me ask you one thing though. Yeah, how is it that not only did they change his face but they changed his voice I don't know something to think about is in it. Yeah, I do know I guess we're all supposed to be naive And assume that if you have plastic surgery not only can they make you look exactly like somebody else But they can make you sound like somebody else well I guess you could say his injuries were so extensive his voice just got changed. Yeah, right Also And other things pick you up in at the first exit from Val d'Oste Georgia and it's nice to be able to pick you up all the way out of Florida because as you get into northern Florida The radio that goes on up there goes like this. It's written in the Bible Uh-huh and Bible says the Bible says and it's wonderful to be able to get you that far and maybe we'll be able to get you cured it Wanted to be something. Thank you. So they ever wise up up there have a great new year We have it open line on the out of town line and all the Broward is still like sitting there man Just dead as a door nail five two four what the hell do you want? Let's go to Miami quickly. Hello. I think you should send that algae back Why the algae the blue blue greenhouse I used it about six months in my hearing grow Open line and date 7519463. Let's go to four miles. Hello. Hey, now. Yeah All right, okay, just check That's our call from four miles. That's as much conversation as we're getting out of him today 1-800-944-Wild Here's Miami. Hello Miami Yes, the surrogate. Yes, you think there's any connection Sir, let me ask you something. Let me ask you a question. Yes, are you listening to this show? Yes, sir. Okay Do you think there's any kind are you under the age of 100? Yes, okay? You sure about that. I am very sure. Okay You want to hear my question. I'm listening. All right. Do you think there's any connection? I'm a dolphin team The fact that the coach has a restaurant and a bar and a hotel and the Star quarterback has a bar Stripe the duties on the football. Yeah, they don't do no duties on a field We have an open line in date 751 and what's going on in broad? What is that? It's like a big vacuum there in the middle of our phone bank You don't think they could be messing around it's a central office over there. My wee shores again, do you? I do. I'm confident. I have no doubt. See it didn't make any difference with what kind of phone system we have because all the phones still go through Well, that same place there and the guy over there hates us like poison and he sits in there like the Boy and Holland with his finger at the die call day Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? How you doing? Good. Got a story for you. Okay. I'm sitting at the I had the ferry fish rally coming over right Cars are back to fall over to put Skulls up. I see this Idiot a bitch sitting there and screw into security guard So let's run a ferry She gets across a ferry She runs a red light Poppoles are over and you never guess who it is You left me on the ferry somewhere No, Neil I'm serious. I know I'm not following the story. Okay. I'm on the ferry at the trial Come across. She gets off the ferry. It's on a ferry after screw and everybody has been sitting in line for ten minutes Okay, she gets off the ferry She runs the red light When you come off the ferry Cops poles are over you never guess who it is Who the cop is? Who the cop pulled over Gloria Estefon Sally fits no not old Sally I'm telling you potato face Sally you got to be kidding In a gray for an orte Lexus hmm and he's still sitting there giving her the ticket I'll be damned. I guess you must have been late to her lunch and date with Randy Rhodes You do that or she was in a hurry to get a rap or at his back All right Neil nice to okay. Thanks. I have no idea what he was talking about but had something to do with Sally's apparatus Well, that was a good fruit man. That was great. What did you call out again? We don't know So what was the up chuck with the juice what did he say what's he doing? He's bringing you some juice when Everyday or every day's gonna bring some juice to well, what would not be nice? You know, we're trying to put this guy in a map. He's in a horrible neighborhood. He's got a greatest establishment He's a super guy Although when you when his son handles the lunch arrangements we usually you will wind up a lot better off I don't know why that is because Sunny just they won't follow instructions. Here's a mobile and pombie Chattabraward line with LZ What is that a mobile and pombie Chattabraward line? So that's what the braward lines are for is for anybody else who can't get in because all the other lines are tied up Use Brower because they're back into wood again. They're getting ready for an exciting new year on this show and on this station five two four nine four six three Nothing going on in your lives in Brower. I did not ask about the health food store on the Saudgrass wood did somebody call you and tell you about that no It's amazing to me though that when I mentioned about Sauds in the start track tape and he called George to say he's already got it and give it away And within moments Within seconds there was some lady on a phone although she wasn't date one she wasn't date. Thank God. She was in date Because if she would have been in Brower, I'd be psychotic. Oh, you got some free to give away. He sure I'll take it. I'm on a phone like in a second Here's a mobile and pombie. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You're God. Yeah, you're God. What do you want? Quits sucking around what do you want? I've watched to see I've been trying to get it for like two weeks after I heard you talk about how great it was you watch What the movie to see oh deceived with Goldie Han with great great movie absolutely unbelievable did you see shattered? No, with Tom barren's your good movie is it but just to forget about the voice okay? Hey, not only are you God, but don't you and the dolphins are God as well on the field and yeah, they're gonna go to the Super Bowl and get their ass They're going to the bull you're right have a great day pal I guess so they passed the prosack out for the holidays, huh? We have an open line in Tampa and Ford Myers and in St. Pete and in Queerwater 1-800-944-9463 here's Miami hello hello Neil Man, I'm confused Yeah, okay, you got your finger in a dike on a ferry right okay Just want to clear that up. Yes, and you're squeezing the fruit. Yeah. All right Hey, you didn't die information Neil. I saw a few good men. Yeah. Good movie Well, what do you mean I'm getting bad information? I said I said I now I did not I said some people said it was great and some people said it was boring and Terminal well this people says it was great. Okay. I mean it just builds and builds and then you I was that was you real Jack Nicholson like because you were watching Tom Cruise as I was building the excitement for you Yeah, I think we got to the bottom of this now. Oh yeah, short phone call. Okay Before we could trace it So did you ever bring me a match or what besides your ass in my face did you ever bring me a match? Open line in date 7519463. The nothing worse than a guy gives us a cigar and knows you have no matches Then let's just sit there and the fiddle around with it all day Oh, who's like this man oh, I wish Lewis That was another bad show the other night for the only thing that makes me nauseous is when he's people Oh, how come you're not on every night? Oh, yeah. Why do people have to do that? Why can't you just be like regular? Why do you have to always suck around no matter who it is like when had till was on who was an abortion? He was talking like that. He was he was doing rock and roll talk Throwing out 80 million topics and dying with every one of doing topics no less on this station We don't give a crap if they have a tax on milk or on your ass in Chicago Okay, I just go back there and don't ever darken our door again and how Bob Green allows boy Gary to just destroy this radio station Is a mystery we're gonna have a clandestine meeting one day during the new year like right after the first of the year Seriously we're all gonna rent a room. We're gonna charge it to the company And we're gonna rent a room at the helping there one of these at the Mary-Ot And we're just all we're gonna not show up one day And we'll let them sit here wondering where everybody is and we'll have our own clandestine meeting and Try to figure out what the hell is going on in this place and what who's a pictures boy Gary's God He must have pictures of the sisters I'm a Syrian it gotta be I mean his pictures it gotta go all the way to the top because how he could still be here And how he could put this guy on doing a production I mean the whole sound of the station has changed man as they say in the sausage Whatever shop it's taken a turn for the worst It sounds like crap this is double you are you with D we just got rid of the gacky who was the only dead head we had on the air We stayed D W O D we just got rid of him so now we got a production guy in who's got like a Big ballsy dead voice. I'm gonna sound like a gacky with a ball with bigger pulse God 1036 on the IOD network and cancel the latest news from the 610 W I O D new center each hour plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast Thank you 20 till noon in W I do so mic the board off look me these carts With those jingle where the how does he get this stuff because those are like virgin quality And then there is L He must be into jingles. I guess everybody who's like blind mic is into jingles. I'm I 1140 a W I O D here's a lady mobile in Hollywood I kneeled did you ever get your water softer fix? Yes, ah the day that I went crazy on a year about it That afternoon it came out with an 80 pound sack and He stuck her right in my later yeah, oh Because I was gonna say I don't know why anyone didn't suggest it or maybe I didn't hear it But I have my collagen guy comes out to me every month. Yeah, he comes out in services you every month Yes, and change my salt. Wow. What a guy? I mean, I pay maybe $12 a month or $12 every eight weeks, but it's definitely worth it It's what I don't have to worry about it right and so your skin isn't like kicking off your head like mine has been Well, I'm glad you're skin is good and happy holiday and the same to you okay happy everyone bye bye Two open lines to both and bro, and I'm right. I'm gonna get the card out of gets now worth it five two four Why why was the energy? Kate Coral? Hi Neil. Yes. Have you knew you're from Kate coma and happy new year to use sir? Is happy as it gets over there? No, it's happy. I've never even mentioned the ending of the Malcolm X movie That's because most of us haven't seen the beginning of the middle either. Oh, you're seeing the ending when they disclose who murdered him? Yeah, it was mother F mother S mother F Mother F Let me ask you something. Are you when you're making this call? Are you wearing the sheet or is it hang it on the line out to dry? It's on the line. It's on the line. Yeah Open line out there and Kate Coral man mother F as in mother burger is that what he's trying to say very weak materials I even joy wouldn't use that although He called his mother again the other day or was he yesterday or sat Saturday I guess called his mother again on the year Oh God get a life already will ya two open lines. I guess they need the cart I guess they need the cart and I guess we better slow down a little bit slimy pig heads What the hell is that? Or somebody's playing fast and loose with my carts again slimy pig heads Okay, we had another exciting weekend here at Wild either playing with a call. Look at this Look at this here's a label. That's been swapped So look at this George it's been done so poorly that the remnants of the previous label are still on it So we've had another exciting weekend here baseball is about going a ballpark and watching a ballgame It's not none of this money financial crap baseball is about going a ballpark and watching a ballgame crap crap That was the a Randy Broward cart used to be Or least that had that has the label on it So we've had another for reactive weekend here at Wild What is this one say slimy pig heads? That's the slow-broward Huh, I wonder what what else is back here? Wonder how many others they've pochkied around with over the weekend Noka inches and pop-in didn't pack you away How about this double you I of the what do you want? Oh now How about this past me some of that cool-eyed boy, yeah, no Didn't pochki around with that How about this that is a bunch of shot yeah, you can say that again How about this my butt is very very sore oh Okay, so they're back at it again the children are playing when they rats away the kids are playing here at Wild You're radio playground for the nineties where the programming people in the management don't complain about them because they're oblivious They're in another world We have an open line two of them in Broward five two four here's a mobile in what is that? Sinko house by you. Hey, I'm going to you. How you doing guys great guy? I'm using my phone I'm up here in Sinko's there by you near Eggland Air Force Base. Sinko, do you buy you? Yeah, you're coming in pretty good over here on six twenty great. Yeah, you're loud and clear Loud and queer this the way we like it. Yeah, just to issue a happy new year. Are you rarely call you? Yeah In the same DM just check in the cart don't take that personally Sir, okay, I guess he did I guess he took it personally Well if you want to take it take it any way you can open line out of town at 1 800 944 Wild as they continue Potsking around and here playing their games How about this one? Have you ever smoked pot? You know, I don't have the answer I used to know it and I don't know it there is there is a formula But I don't know what it is Let's see what about I bet you this one's been tampered with I just have a feeling Love you show now love you love you. Okay, we're all right then Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale our lone brod call hello. Hey took the long enough I beg your pardon. Let's took your long enough Okay, all three brod lines are wide open now 5249463 it's 1146 let's do candle on the star line hello Hey, you're all you doing pretty good. That's good. Let's have you know you're here and the same to you sir Yeah understand you're looking at getting the vegetarian thing and then there's a place on Northwest 770 And a hundred thirty first he called Brought the lights Brought the light yeah, and they make all the veggie burgers and stuff. They're really good really Yeah, it's right up there on Northwest 730 first street. Oh, I'm a quarter okay I just want to let you know about that and like I said, which you happy new year I want to call Robin beast a douche bag if I may okay. Thanks for the info pal. You'll have a real good when we have an open line on a star line It's stario de its 1146 on the iod network join us this afternoon and getting it to for those wild and crazy guys Ritten suds and it's six it's sports dog six to You Want to weigh you around Bob and me have united I was oh I would you you could sing to just for a very nice My boy friend back and you're gonna be a trouble You You've been spreading the truth that I was untrue. Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no. You look out now baby because you come out as you. Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You've been trying to do a little bit, can't walk. He's a God but so hard, no, no, no, no. But now he's back and think of me to ride. You're going to be sorry you were never born. Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's a good night to me to get you back and sit to the straw. Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I know I wasn't seeing. That's the real thing. Oh, you're gonna take a beating. You're a bit boy now, but you'll cut you down to find. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you and all you're to think of a lot. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. My boy, my cute little babe, my birthday station. I hate you and all the work I do to that. So why don't you give my cats today on your permanent vacation? I hate you and all the work I do to that. I can see him coming. I see him coming. I've got a dirty little star running. You're a big boy now, but as you down to find. I like me. He tends to get off and all your hateful eyes. My boy, friend, back to the beach. That's a lot of trouble. My boy, my bad guy, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, some of you have these three, what do you want? Boy that brings back some big, matte memories? Yes? I haven't heard that, like, about 3 or 4 years. Why are you on the air here now? Don't say any names or nothing. Oh, okay. Okay. So anyway, I was h tobacco, yeah, yeah? You've gotta keep this kind. Yes? That's, because my mom's gone through like a dozen of them. Yes. I already had one of those years ago. And you didn't like it? I don't know. I forget. Well, she's got a new one. It's all steel and it's Right. It's horizontal. It's to the stand and straight up. Yeah. So it does always, a lot easier. Horizontal and standing straight up. And it does. She says it does something that the enzymes don't break down as fast because it's horizontal. Yeah. She must've regarded the taker juice before you were born. Which reminds me. I went into a store to get one of those. Yes. And I can't get any information on anything. I asked if there's a health food store in a saw grass, which you'd think immediately, since the Broward lines are open all day long. Anyway, somebody would just have the decent seat called say yes or no or maybe or something. Or nothing. I can't find a place that has anything. This weekend, I went out to get a, No, to the unicorn. This weekend, I went out to get a toaster oven, which is really not like, you know, shouldn't be that tough to find. But and find one anywhere. Wow. A toaster oven like a little one, you know. A toaster oven is like real 80s. That's why. No, what does that mean? It means like people don't buy those things anymore. That's like buying, you know, like a transistor radio nowadays. Well, then what do you buy? I don't know. You get like a muffin heater or something. A muffin heater? It's not what he said. He said a muffin heater. So I meant to tell you I took the vet up to North Florida. What vet? What a wonderful ride. Or you bought a vet? I'm here about seven months ago. Oh, that's right. Well, did I tell you or what? Tell me what? That it's a greatest car I wrote. Well, after I bought it, I left a message on your machine and I parked it outside one time. Park it out. You're house like three in the morning. To show you to show you how nice it was. Yeah. And the vet too. You must be a product of all I'd juice that your mom drank. Uh-huh. So anyway, I was going to say it was like. So now that you've had that little ownership change over there, you permitted that can we say your name on here on the honor now? I was going to talk about that I heard you on the radio. I never would have dreamed that I would have heard you in Milton. Yeah. It was great. It was real fuzzy and noisy, but I could still hear you. Fuzzy and noisy and mulled. And it sounded like you were speaking Spanish, but it was your voice. Yeah. Well, I was an Edmoby Shattered. I was Tom Barringer's original voice. Well, thanks for the information you were about to tell me that you went to try to find a champion juicer and you couldn't find one anywhere. So the guy came up to me. He says, can I help you sir? And I said, I'm looking for a juicer and he says, well, I'm Roman Kass, like what's the matter? I'm not good enough for you. Master heard Ed tell us we can. No, Joey. Oh, Joey. Okay. Okay, Dave. Thanks a pile. Bye. Enjoy your bed. Bye. Here's a lady in Fort Smith, Arkansas. Who's probably gone because it was on her dime. She's gone. Hello. Gone. Want to make sure you're gone. She's gone. Thank God. Why do these people call from like, Beluxy and golf, Porta, it's not interesting. They have nothing to say. It's like, oh, look where we are. Well, fine. Stay there. We don't care. It's terminal. So who do you think was in here, paulking around? We had a long three day weekend. God only knows what can happen by next Monday. With all the security we have around this place. And you say something to these people. Oh, no. Can't do that. You know, Keep a list who's not a nice course when Joey and Bill Marshall are in the building. It's a miracle we have any cards left. Although I certainly wouldn't want to point the finger at him or anything else. Boca. Hello. Yes. Yeah. I got some information on that health store in progress. Yeah. I think there's one of those fancy three letter chains. No. And that's all. That's it. Mr. the plastic store. Yeah. I don't like that. I guess it's a very in two weeks now. Yeah. How are you doing? I'm doing pretty good. I feel so much healthier. Yeah. In just a week I feel healthier until I come into this place. I realize that's a mental thing. That's the could be in carry down in McDonald's unconscious. Right. So I hear you're calling the dolphins all kinds of names. And I just want to join in because Because you're honestly, honestly compels you to say that they suck in your right. I love them, but they just suck. Right. That's right. I don't really think any of C team can be an NFC. No. It's been what? But did I want to give in day if we spike their coffee or something? You never know. We might be able to work it out. Yeah. When it's out, working out. Maybe the dolphins can win the Super Bowl by default. Maybe we can put some 49er uniforms out out there and the people really believe it. Yeah. Until we fall over trying to tackle them. Well, listen, stick to it, man. Okay. And have a great new year. You too. Have an open line in the out of town line there. 1 800 9. How do you like that? Gotta get a guy from Boathead to call to tell me about the health food store in the saw grass, which is like sunrise. Never touch the horizon. Amazing. And that about those brod people. North Miami. Leo. Yes. Oh, are you? Okay. Any other way to tell you your douchebag like I am? Yes. What do you think about that game on this weekend? What do I think about one? What are the dolphin game? The dolphin game yesterday? What is kind of a question is that what do I think? What is there to think it was nauseating? nauseating. It was revolting. It was disgusting. I made my stomach, sure. It made me want to vomit all over the carpeting. That's good. Yeah. What's it? We have an open line in date, 751. And that's the guy that's still playing grab ass with his boyfriend from my Thursday. Don't you remember that? Tap it. Yeah. To his leg. And what open line in the out of town line? 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3. Don't forget, Camelo's house now are total today 88,000. $655. If you'd like your best in the earth, CD or tape or t-shirt or Rick and Suds, all you have to do is pick up that phone. toll free for the entire state that AT and T. Camelo's house hotline number. Right now. 1 800 8 5 2. Oh, oh, oh, oh six. This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station. You start radio 6 10 WIOD by any Fort Lutterdale. And they'll pop beaches. Play all the way up this. Use talk radio 6 10 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD. Outside the 305 area code toll free 1 800 9 4 4 WIOD. And both South will be the customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD. Now the Neil Rogers Show on you stock radio 6 10 WIOD. You know what I'm trying to say? There is no natural inflection. He's like a machine. He never pauses. There are no commas. There are never take a breath. It's like a voice that's coming out of a machine. And not a good one either. There goes that. And it's Bob Green here today. By the way, she is Doris closed up. There is he is he ever coming back. Oh man. At least the Titanic. I think the captain was still on there when it went down. Wasn't he? He was still on there until the first hole until the first league sprang. And he said, okay. Good luck guys. Start that music up. Anyway, here's a lady in Fort Smith. Arkansas again. Hello. Yes. Hi. Hi. Hey. I heard you're on a vegetarian diet now. You don't eat me. What are you doing calling from Fort Smith, Arkansas? I just had to talk to you. My brother and a lot. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. She was in Fort Smith, Arkansas. Like I'm in Uranus, okay. Now why go through all of that? How many times did she call? To a only twice. Well that's good. I would hate to have a waste of the extra time. Here's my amy. Hello. Why do you keep knocking Rick Weaver? Let's go to a Miami. Hello. Yes. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I got a friend who's got a big farm around West St. And I'd like to get you a... Let's go to Tampa. Hello. Neil. Yes. What are you doing? First thing. Is... I know you hate those tapes from 68 over here? Yeah. But first, those are all the people that work late. Those are great tapes. I don't mind the tapes from 68. I mind the tapes on a weekend and late at night and over and over and over. I don't mind the tapes from 68. I have no problem with that. That's good. Because I don't usually get that at work till 6. I'm telling you, I can meet from South Florida Tampa. You are so much better than those delts at 9.70. Well, AFLA is just a very boring station. I guess there are a lot of boring people over there because they still do very well. That's fine. We're not looking for their audience. Their audience are people who are in the stuff that went out with high button shoes. I just want to let you know the tapes are good. They don't cut them out. Okay. Got me. And one other thing. Yes. I've listened to Randy last week. Now she was kind of on for a said. Yeah. I thought that she only got the purse from 8 to 11. But man, I'll tell you. She gets some seriously ill people on that show. Well, that's what it's all about. That's why we're here. Talk to those. This is an outlet. They weren't called unless they could be knocking at your door right now. Every other call with her is some guy not breathing hot heavy. I think it's like that. Well, that's what happens when you put a female voice on the ear. Even if it was a voice coming out of a machine, they would they just a lot of desperate guys out there. I'm telling there must be man. Because every other call is somebody who wants her or something. I don't know where dude. Like I said, desperate. Have a great new year. You too, you see a boy. Boy. Up at nine a day, 751 and one on the Florida lots as in 1-800-944. Here's Naples, hello. Neil. Yes. Hi. I like to say hi to all the guys with the clay plate. The one? Clay plate. The clay plate? Yeah. What's that? Oh, miss it. It's a place where they use clay and they make the clay fish. Yeah. And I like to call Jim Kurt Danny. Okay. Let's go to a Jupiter on the Sterling. Hello. I thought we were pushing up Jupiter wrong planet. Hell and Dale. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Down from the door. I said, well, really doing today. You're really alright. I'm down from Toronto. How do they leave to it? They won last night, 6-3 and say Lewis and Saturday. Of course, they got their ass whipped by the Red Wing's 5-1. Oh, they still got Felix the cat playing that. No, they have the great fewer there. They're back to the fewer. You know, years ago, you had a song called The Candy Buy Ropper. Something was fine. Yeah. Long gone. Long gone. When I was a long-dry. You're going to have the New Year show. Yeah, I'd like to. Natalie Wood. When I was a tie. Am I going to have a New Year show? No, I'm not having. I'm not going to be here on New Year's show. No, I'm December 31st last year. You played all the cards all day. I did. It's over break. Sounds really good to me. And back to Mike, we might prime up for that right now. I'll be a good time. There you go. It was a great day. Can I call someone a doospares? Sure. My brother and Laura Robb, the TV hog and doospares. Okay. See you at the garden, eh? Okay. Bye-bye. Okay. Good to see you. I'm done. This beautiful, beautiful. I know my life. 10 after the hour we have an open line in Broward 5249463. Let's just take like thousands of calls today, just like we did last Thursday. Cooper City. Hey, Neil, this is Holland. That's going. Okay. Well, I'm meeting com see me. You need a toast for having any juice there. That's right. I should've got it. Because I don't want to go over there during the holidays. Are you crazy? I want to go to overdo brands, Mark, on a holiday. Like, Riley was in there like, the day before Christmas. Probably looking for a deal, no doubt. He's not a bad guy. Yeah. Okay. I'm doing my best. I'm trying to tell him when he was in. I have an interesting story about the ticket defense team. Remember when you were in last time I asked you for the number. Yes. You remember? Good to say, like I'm knocking him, but wait till the end. It's got a very happy ending. Oh, that's good. Cause that's an extra spot coming up here in about 20 seconds. I have to say goodbye. Oh, boy. Okay. Real quickly. They didn't. I contacted them and they sent me the little letter, you know. That had to throw out information. and when I had to appear. And they never got back to me. So I called them like the day before I'd go to court I said, you guys, no after go to court. You're going to be there. Nobody called me up and asked me any questions. And they go, well, we were never notified they go, but okay, you know, I was because I got into an accident. They go, okay, well, just go there and you're a lawyer will meet you there. But I went there and she showed up. And since it was an accident case, it turned out she was defending me. And she was defending the guy I got in the accident with. He happened to call him up, musta heard your spot. Call him up and get the same exact lawyer that I did. And I was like freaking out. And what's she was really cool? She handled the great and she wanted to get us both off. So she got you both off, and the case too. Incredible. And no extra charge. Exactly. For that, and I'm bucks man. Yeah, can't beat that even a catty sauce. So that kind of discount. So, oh, I want to tell you, if anything, well, with someone knocking like, we carry like the Panasonic two-thirds. And you do? Yeah, and I have a Kenwood Panasonic. With no more narrated by consumers, it's really good. It's a good machine. It's not expensive. Well, I'm coming over today. I'll be there today. I'll look you up. Okay, her. Did you write on the phone, right? Why? I did you write on your court list. That's, in fact, I want to get another one of those for Mommy. Come with me. Okay. Thanks, her. Yeah. Later. There you go. Just go over to Brant's mouth. They'll take care of you. We have two open lines. You're both in Broward 5249463. It's 12 after noon on the IOD network. Oh, miss, the weekend magazine. Featuring the latest news. Information, trends, and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning, right here. Okay. Come on, you are your team. Hi, this is Jim. Love you, show, Neil, love you. Love you. Look, over and film. It's the nerd. It's Wing Maureen now. No, it's plastic man. No loudest man in the radio. Classic man. With his faithful sidekick, a hipster fight radio personalities, sales managers, and clients in their never-ending struggle to increase sales. Build their fortunes and maintain that close-up smile. This week, plastic man, and the hipster, a range of remote broadcasts. Well, looks like that time again. Time to go out and explore strange new ways to build the client at a dough. Golly, plastic man, do you think we can do it? Have faith, my little friend. If there's money to be made, we'll be there. Waiter, about day, all the client. When you see a place this, you pay us lots of money. And we'll see two at that Neil Rogers come to hear how to sing the star-spangled banner at your kids' little league game. Well, I don't know plastic man. Be think-near-well-do it. No problem. I have that man right where I want him. I'll just use my close-up smile to persuade him to do it. And if that doesn't work, we can always send the hipster after him. That'll drive him nuts. Pull the annoyance plastic man. That just straighten him out. Oh, good. We'll go outside. Join our Super Zero's next week when you'll hear them say to our traffic apartments. Hey, good looking. What's it going to take to move some spots around? The adventures of plastic man and the hipster. plastic man and the hipster action figures, all separately. Okay, we just took a poll on the building and the verdict is unanimous. Man he is the one that's messing with our carts. 12-17, we have a couple of open lines and I'm not going to give a broad cause it's a waste of time. Highly, hello. Hey, what's up? How you doing? Hey, you don't know. Like when our senior half-toddard died, it was real cool every week. Watch. After a walk, that could put pretty old. Right. Don't you get the idea that the Rick & Sussars pretty much getting you. No, I sure don't. We have an open line in date, 751. I will never, ever. I'm going to tell you this right now. I will never, ever, ever, ever on this show. As long as I'm here, which could be almost to the end of this week. Listen to what call like that. This, this crap of calling, it's so childish and so juvenile and so embarrassing. If you don't like their show, nobody's going to hold a gun to your head and make them listen. I like their show a lot. I love Randy's show. Love Randy's show a lot. And if you don't like that show or this show, the best thing to do is find something else to do with your time. Okay, but if you have a problem, call them and tell them. Don't tell me. I'm not interested in hearing about it. Grow up. Cross-brings. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. All right, you were mentioned about a juicer. Here's about. I, you know, got the champion juicer. You've been talking about? Yeah. I've been using that about four years now. And, um, well, there isn't no better. I'll tell you the difference. Like what he was talking about, like, his brand's, my, with the Panasonic. The difference is at the beginning. On the champion, you've got a third horse power motor. Yeah. Okay, that, that probably weighs three times as much as the whole juicer. He's talking about. Yeah. So there's, I've been using that about four times a day. For how come consumer reports rates of Panasonic number one? Are they just full of crap? Or they get paid out for something? They probably don't rate these because, like, this juicer here retails for about between 185 to 2205. And they're using their, they're used mainly in natural food stores. Right. Right. Yeah, you used to have one years ago, but the, like, most other things that went the way the way. Well, there's one by, like, act me. Right. It's very similar. But the difference with the, what the champion is, you can close off where the screen is, where the juicer comes. So you can close that off to have a little thing for it. And they do a thing there. And what you can do is you can cut up fruits and stuff like apples, stuff like that, cut them up and run it through and it comes out, like a yogurt, and then you just freeze it and you can, any of those can turn into a yogurt and where the other juicers don't have a yogurt. I don't want yogurt. I don't want puree. I don't want, I don't want, I don't want his juice. Right. Well, it's all I want. Why are you something every day? Why I take like four months? And I don't want to have a thing that when I put a banana in it, it spits it out the back and like just waste the whole banana. No, no, no. Well, like with a, like I want to think every day where I put in carrots, celery, a little bit of beet and a little bit of parsley like for potassium. And you're running through there and it makes it taste like just like a carrot drink. And that's what I drink three, four times a day. And this champion juicer has such a huge, but they give you a ten year warranty with it. And I guess that I wanted the store that I go, it's a, I didn't use to advertise the Army Navy store up on 441. The Army Navy store, I don't think so. Okay, there's an Army Navy surplus. You buy your juice, you're at the Army Navy surplus? Well, right on 441. You probably get your produce there too. Right on 441 across the street. These are probably fruits that were discarded by the military. What he sells the champion juicer for cost. Yeah. I don't know why, but I bought it from him for $184. Yeah. And I don't know why he does that I guess maybe he could business in there. But he's had one eleven years. And he's never had a problem with it. And the difference is that's a real, that's like a commercial type juicer. Right. They're not going to these 49, 59, $89. I had one of those from bird eyes and it lasted me six weeks. I took my Vitamix that I've had for years. I took it yesterday and put the banana in there because my other one is broken at piece of crap that juice man too. Right. I've got some apple. I mean, I sliced them up and I put them in there and the thing went around and run and the apple just like stuck in there didn't do anything. Well, no, on this champion juicer, the way it's set up, if you put apples, it just everything goes through. If you see the way it is, and it runs. And then all the pulp is held in the screen and all the juice runs through. Yeah. And then all you do is you take the head off, so to speak. And then you just clean it out. When it down, clean it out. Okay. Okay. Go with that. Thanks a lot. Have a great day. Boy, so Adam says, man, he definitely is the one that's making a route with the carts in here. 12, 20, 2, 1. You just got through saying that. Don't say stuff behind people's back and then deny it, Adam. 12, 22 on the IOD network. Here's Chuck Meyer. Joey Reynolds, Tom Hopkins, Jim Mendes, and Randy Rowe. Yeah, right here. Boy, this is what a place. 12, 25 on your heartless and obnoxious radio station WOD. So much Lewis, our other production ace, just stepped in here during the break to give me the exciting news that he's also being bounced out. Because they're bringing that hot 105 a bunch in here. So I guess this station is going to sound so bad that I have no words to describe it. Man, it's going to sound like puke. And this is the way they always do it. But you've heard me talk about this for a 4.5 years now. There's no point even repeating it. They just continue to find the odds, continue baffling the experts by grasping defeat from the jaws of victory as only they can do. And this is the same company by the way that put David Paul on the year in Atlanta. On a 50,000-mod radio station. Unbelievable. Yeah. Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. Listen, Neil, I got a question. I got to ask you about the arena. I just want to know if you notice whenever he throws in an intersection, he just kind of runs out of the way and direct the interceptor right into the end of the day. Right. How do you explain for that? Well, because he's polite. Let's go to Tampa, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Can you hear me? Yes. Okay. Fundamentally, it has to be a question. Why are you talking so loud? Okay. Fundamentally, it has to be a question. Yeah. And it's a funny question. But he says before I ask, I'm going to have to tell you a little suck on your subconscious to find out and damn it's the eight right. So this is funny, it's hell, but I'll pass around to you and anyone else is listening. Does Rush Limbaugh, we're a box of shorts or a drawkey shorts? I just think about it. Yeah. And just how about a pup 10? But just think about that. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. We'll think about it. We have an open line on our tampon line, 1,800, 9,44, 9,463. I'm going to think about that all day. You know what the more I think about it, the funny rickets. Boy, they are sure easy to please over there. Aren't they? There's something. Peace of work. Waterhill. How you doing? Happy New Year. And the same to you. Okay. I was in Houston on business and they gave us, you know, I watched the gang last night, but all these people getting hurt. Right. And I was in Houston and they gave us a tour of the astrid dome. And they took us down onto the field. Yeah. I was in shock. This thing is concrete with like a quarter inch of indoor outdoor carpeting with a flap of a zipper, a zipper in an in-section. It's like playing. They have a flap over their zipper. Yeah. They got a flap over it. But the point is, if somebody's guys get hurt on the dam's zipper when they slide on it. Yeah. And other than that, it is like playing in a school yard. I play playing on concrete. And I don't know how these teams play indoors and have these high value players getting murdered and torn up on this astrid dome. It is really amazing that there's... Well, how many high valued players did the orlers ever have? They had, you know, worn well, you know, in the old camp, well, at the long time ago. I can't think of any other ones. Yeah, but he got busted up on that. No, I have a lot of outstanding defensive players in it. Good days. They got busted up on that. Yeah. And the Astros never had any high paid players. Well, look along to... Right. Okay. I'm amazed at that the teams who wouldn't want to have a protector investment have play on grass. Okay. Bye-bye. See you. I think our team is playing on grass. I think they're smoking at heavy duty. I mean, like they're rolling up the newspaper. I heard they used the Boston Globe before the game yesterday in the locker room. And just rolled up like five gigantic big ones. And we're like passing it around before the game. We have an open line on the Sterlin at Star-I-O-D. Oh, look at that. Here he is straight from Malekland and to your radio. I was out running around in Lakeland this morning in the car. And I got back in the car. And as I got in the car and turned on the radio, I heard Captain Dave, just the tail end of his car. Just the tail end. Well, what was going on? What did he say? What was going on? Well, why did he call the Tommy that his mother had a champion juicer. And he was trying to buy one and he drove up to Tallahassee and his, or up to Milton and his vet and how great the drive was. And nothing. Oh. Just a typical Captain Dave home. Oh, is it juicer call? Yeah. It was like he puts mong in the juicer. It comes out smell like Ivy. Right. I have an ostrizer, by the way. Do you? An excellent. An host? Yeah. Yeah, I choose. Do you? Yeah. Great. But you still eat meat. Oh, yeah. A lot of it. Yes. Yes, I do. Why? A good question. Habit? Yeah. Yeah. My habit. It doesn't taste that great. Over the week, over the holiday week in the, I, uh, watch the movie called a kiss before dying. Great movie. No. Terrible movie. Outstanding movie. With Sean Young and Matt Delo. Oh, tremendous movie. Did not like it. Uh, but I, I was, I was racist. It was a great movie. No, it wasn't. About how he knocked her off the building. Didn't like it. Oh, that was a great movie. Of course you liked the, uh, the, uh, primo caronera movie or whatever the hell it was. What was that movie? The, whatever that boxer was, uh, what the was his name? The Robertson era movie. Oh, thank him. Jake Lamada, uh, primo caronera. What the, what? Primo caronera. Okay. You just don't know your boxing. Uh, true. Carmon Bacilio. But I was amazed at, uh, When you were in the space, you know, Why are you running colonel? I'm a human. I kissed before dying and people. Buddy, bullmarre. We're calling up a doctor. The harder the ignorant. The movie ignorant audience. I tell you that this is a remake. A remake of what? Of a 1956 movie. A kiss before dying. Yes. With Robert Wagner, which was pretty, pretty good movie, but not a great movie. Yeah. But this was just a remake of that movie. I thought it was excellent. No. I was playing a twin sister. So we got to see two bad performances by one actress and one movie. I thought that was pretty good. But, uh, I did not like the movie at all. I found it. Uh, I would turn it in a sexual way. How about shattered with the Tom Buringer? Oh. I did. Let me, I can't place that movie. It's the one about where he has the accident. And do they have the plastic surgery in the beginning? Yeah. No, that's decent movie as I recall. But you mean, you don't remember that movie? I'm trying to think of trying to build my movie. Yeah. And he keeps trying to figure out who he is. And he's having his wife, is having a affair with a guy. And it turns out that he's the guy. Yeah. That's a pretty decent movie. But what does that got to do with the kiss before dying? Well, no, I just saw this weekend. Oh, I just mentioned it because, uh, you know, it just amazed me because you were talking about it. I mean, I don't want to be consistently, uh, well, have bad tastes. Well, it's just that you were talking about this movie. And the people call it, you know, oh, yeah, in the Alifalda movie, you know, I swear you could go on the ear. No, they don't. They don't. Now what it comes to movies, they don't. Well, they're very picky about it. They might be like this when everybody's called up love. A kiss before dying, they did like it because it was a great movie. No. I just... And Andy, seemed with Goldie Han? The what? Oh, well. What? That was the ironic movie. You didn't like that? Well, it was little like anything. That's not true. What the hell do you like besides the Primo-Carnera? Ah, ah, ah, ah. Raging bull. Raging bull shot. That's what you like. You haven't seen that movie. Like awakening. There was something. There was some reason I wanted you to call to there. And I can't remember what it was. Oh, God. No, seriously, there was something that happened yesterday. I was thinking about it. It was like a, it historically funny thing. And it's obviously not going to come back. And then the minute I hang up like in about five seconds, yeah. It's going to come back. I don't remember what it was. So anyway, you didn't happen to catch, oh, it was that till on over there, to this weekend, I guess so. I don't know. I don't know. Friday afternoon he was, yeah, because he was on for Rick and Sons. He was? Yeah. Oh, God. No, why do you sound like you're in like a reasonably decent movie? Why? You couldn't believe how bad. Ed Till, if frightened me. Yeah, it is frightening. That is, that, that, there's no words that describe it. And when he had the suit call in about the new for a leash in Ocean Side, New Jersey, and started talking about his great syntax. And Ed Till said, oh, you have a syntax in Florida. We have that in Illinois too. We even have a tax on food. Ha ha ha. I thought man even joy wouldn't dig that deep, scraped the barnacles that bad. I mean desperate. Close, but you're right. Oh, man, about as funny as a broken leg. God. Yeah. Well, you know, I just heard this, it's just a rumor. It's not really basically a him. I heard that, uh, so I told me that it's cold up north. I don't know. I'm not sure. Yeah, and it's real warm down here. That's the one thing he kept saying all weekend. Boy, the weather's sure is nice here. Well, hey, I had surprised. But I had to throw it a baby. Just a rumor. Yeah. I'm not really sure. I'm not really sure about that. Well, I don't know if you've been hearing the rumblings about what's going on here. If you've heard the, well, you don't get to hear our production. George, we got a piece of production like the show open the hour open. Let's play that right now so that the bird and everybody in, uh, to carry. We're coming up tonight today following sports thoughts. Six to 10. It's the Randy Roadshow right here. That's not a good one. I mean, for him, that is a good one. They hired a guy. They blew out Larry Bessel. I told you that last one. Yeah, well, here we go. Where is it? Come on. You've talked radio. Six to 10. W-I-O-D presents the Neil Roger show. He's talking to Neil D. He's a 751 W-I-O-D from Dade and Rower and five. I don't think he's ever heard this show. Oh, wow. Sounds like it sounds like somebody is standing behind him with a shotgun, making him read as fast as he can in that deep, yeah, lacking any personality voice with no, uh, with the warmth of an ice cube. And now they just blew out Mitch Lewis. I can't believe that. Yeah. So you should consider yourself very fortunate to be on a long, very, uh, distinguished list. Very much do. And it's really true what you said the other day. If you come in like best learn, you do your job, but you don't bother anybody. You're out. You're gone. That's what I use coming in. You're coming in kiss a lot of ass like Mani and Roger. You're here for life. I know, and Marvin. I used to come in. Do the job is a best of my ability and leave. I don't want. Do we have to rehash this again? That's all I have to say about it. But I did not go kiss but. And so I'm gone. I'm history. Yeah. I just related very much to it as all along. Yeah. Like I said, I'm so glad I brought this all up. So how about a few good men? I'm considering seeing it. I haven't seen it yet. Who do those crazy? Where does that? Yeah. Everybody likes it. Me do? Everybody hates toys. Yeah. That got paned so bad. And why wouldn't it? It's another ridiculous Robin Williams movie. This man would such talent. Why does he mean himself? I guess it must be the money, huh? I don't know. But there are just only a couple of exceptions. But I do like him much better than I like his movies. Yeah. You know who else is like that? Gene Wilder. Funny guy. He's hysterically funny guy. Terrible, terrible movies. I mean the movies he's in are so bad. You want to cry for him. That was them are awful. Oh, God. He's been in some nightmarish movies. Yeah. He's been in some good ones. But he's been in just some. A lot of bad ones. And he's a funny guy. Very funny. Look at him in your star laughing because he's just such a weird looking guy. You know, he's just a wacko guy. I don't know what it is about, right? I've always done a translate on the screen. Not a reason. No. And I have no idea why. He should stick to it just doing a stand-up. He should stick to the Alex Benachio. Oh, what? Yeah. Where did that come from? Well, he's out there in San Francisco. He has all those sit down comedians. And Johnny should stick with what he can relate to. Oh, man. Alex. Dennis. Yeah. Another boy Gary Discovery. Along with the new production guy and Ed Till and Dickie Farkel and whom I leave it out. Ed Till and Jim. And Joey Reynolds of course, the rediscovery of Joey. Hi, hi, yeah. Bye, a buyer. Have a great week. Goodbye. Happy New Year. Okay. To you. Open line on the out-of-town line, 1-800-944-494-63. It's 1237 on the IOD network. Join us this afternoon to getting into for those wild and crazy guys, written and six. It's sports dog 610. Do you think he ever farts? I mean, seriously, the production guy. Do you think he ever liked those, uh, burps or farts or like anything? Or picks his nose or has any kind of a human experience? It just such a cold voice devoid of any warmth of any feeling. But hey, 1240 at WIOD happy new year from all your pals. Those are the handful of us who are still left here after the gigantic Saturday night massacre man. They're blowing him out here like crazy. Open line a day, 751. Here's Naples, hello. How's it, Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay. Good. How are you doing today? Well, I just let go of the walker and I powered out on my champion, juicer, listen, I want to make a suggestion to you. Don't forget the root vegetables. Yeah, you know, that's strengthened. And I wanted to suggest that you use ginger root the next time. Also, ginger root. Ginger root. Yeah. Just a nice slab, about the size of a half dollar in there. And that'll give you a nice kind of almost an A meant-related effect at the end of your- It's a kind of your thing, yeah. Also, nothing like having a meant-related thing. Listen, and don't forget grapes and cherries and strawberries. And you know, but try to combine your fruits and vegetables So to prevent gastritis, you know, effectively. So listen, you know, it's really interesting regards movies. And is it really the same movie that we're watching just before dying? Fantastic. Yeah, with the meant-illing. And listen, I don't know who that douchebag from Naples who called you last was, but can you imagine some people are on your loved boys? In Naples? Yeah. Yeah, that's what that's the real one. In fact, we had a call from Patty at Patty's place. She said she's having a run on him. And they- Oh, well, that's something different I was talking about Rob and Williams. Correct. That's terrible, the worst. Well, really, that's the previous extended call that you had there. Is that your movie critic? He's got complete- That's our movie critic in Lakeland. He's not a Naples. He's in Lakeland. But different tastes in the rest of the world. Well, he has exotic taste. Hey, listen, what is the winner down there, like a, you getting any snow? Yeah, we got to get the board. We got about two inches right now as a matter of fact. 1242 at WIOD, we have an open line on the out of town line. 1-800-2-and-Broward 5-2-4. Here's a lady in plantation. Hi. Hi. I understand you were looking for a champion juicer and a one-year-old. No, I really wasn't. But go ahead. Okay, so there's misinformation. Well, somebody's trying to pedal me a champion juicer. I don't want a champion juicer. Okay. When I can go out and get a panasonic for under $100, I don't feel like I'm not going to open up a health food store. Okay, I don't need industrial strength. I just need someone that's good. That's not going to break the first hour like that one from the juicy man. And it's just going to be a good job. And very possibly down to around your cabinet when they're lighting up. Right. Okay. If that's what you look like. Well, where are you going to fight a champion? We have a champion. We have a bunch of champion juices. And now we're a supermarket. We're a general nutrition supermarket. Right in plantation. 5000 square feet of fitness market. And we have them in two different colors. You mean in the sawgrass? No. We are on sunrise. One block west of university. And the... The sunrise? A block west of university. Yes. On the north side of the street. In the public shopping center. Really? Yeah. And we really have quite a nice place. So if not looking for a juicer, certainly you could look for a... A lot of how does this? Right. To put in it, we have organic produce. Really? Yes. Well, that's great to know because I'm just up the street from you. Oh, super. Okay. I'll be in the sea. Okay. Thanks. That's a lot. Where the hell is that, Kurt? We are just the people. Where is that? We got to play that today. And we got to add a whole bunch of names to it. Because everybody's getting blown out of here like we're having another hurricane. Boy. They said they're taking good care of them. Why don't they come to me and say, look, we understand you're disgruntled with the fact that we're incompetent. And we've just taken years off your life. What we're going to do is write you out of check. You got two years to go on your contract. We'll give you like for a year and a half. We'll just write you out of check for the lump sum now. Go take a couple of years off. Go to Europe, relax in like southern Italy. And Sicily goes see Don Corleon. See how he's feeling. And just, you know, take some time off. And good luck to you. See, I know so many people in this business. I mean, most of them get screwed without anything positive happening. But I do know a lot of people who get paid for not working. Like Larry Glick and Boston, he got paid big bucks for not working for a whole year at WHDH. Then the year ended and they can't assess. Here's a pop go. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are they going? Okay. Great. Great. I'm glad you're feeling well. Listen, a couple of points I want to make. One, if you're looking for a good health food store. I don't know about Don't know my amy. But here in a pop because the best ones are run by seven day advenants. Uh-huh. Because, you know what I wanted to mention. Oh, God. Somebody told me on Thursday to go on a supermarket and get grillers. You know that the fake. I heard of them. Yeah, that's the real. Don't ever. Don't ever get sucked into buy-in-one. Okay. They taste fine. And then after I had two of them for lunch. I look on the back of the package and I thought, God, these taste really great. You know why they taste so great? Because 59% of the calories are from fat. Oh, that's no good. And each one of my thick is got like 14 or 15 grams of fat. No good. No good. Ridiculous. It's all fat. That's why it tastes so great. And even slimy there from a Sarah's that brought us that pizza last Thursday brought that big can of stuff. I gave it away. It has like 10 grams of fat per serving. That's too weight too much. If you're going to have something with no meat and who the hell wants all that fat? Exactly. But go, contact 70th day of the church. You don't have to go there for religious reasons. Just tell them you want to know where a good health food store is. They generally have a lot of mom and pop type for the prices of reasonable quality of product is excellent. Yeah. And it's an also. If you want to get some really good vegetarian food. Do you have a 70th day of the Venice 1 hospital down there like we have here? I have no idea. They do. Go for the dining room. I'm going to go eat the dining room in a hospital. Come up here to Orlando to Florida. I'm not coming up to Orlando. There's no cheese in Orlando. I'm sorry. I said I'll be right up. It's the best vegetarian food in the world. Okay. It's great. Second. I got a friend of Liz and Chicago. I called him. I said, hey, if you ever heard of Ed Swill, you said the laughing stock of the windy city. Yeah. Yeah. I got a friend of the work of the hospital station out there. So I'm trying to get nobody will tell me the answer to the question and maybe he made no comment about it during those three embarrassing shows he did filling in here. But why is a guy who allegedly is working on a loop AM in Chicago? He's the first. Huh? He got canned. He got replaced by a guy named Eddie Schwartz who makes Joey Reynolds sound like God. The guy. So in other words, he got canned and he's down here pretending that he's still working up there because he does some fluzzy TV show. He was down here auditioning on the air. It's a cable access show that he does up there. Oh no. Oh, shot alert. Full shot alert. Full shot alert. Boy Gary once again voiced a pile of gigantic pile of bull shot. Through the transmitter. Right through the final tubes in our transmitter. Through the tower into the airwaves. I think that the FCC ought to come down here and investigate it. Oh, the guy to replace him up. He's down here talking like he's a big personality up there and he's got canned again. He gets canned everywhere. He goes this guy. He's pathetic. He's nobody. Oh, God. He belongs. Isn't that amazing? Just not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. Because I'm wondering to myself, how come a guy who's on such a successful station as bad as he is? How come he's down here acting desperate like, oh, I'm filling in. I'm sucking around. I'm trying to find a life. And he's on a kids is remaining job is on a cable access channel up there. Yeah. My friend Dennis says he is a laughing stock. Even the classical music station won't put up with him. Oh, God. That's how bad he is. Well, it would seem to me if I were a program director at a major market talk station, it seems to me that I would make it my business to have known who Ed Till was. Because everybody else in the business, as soon as they hear the name, they immediately put the EBS test on and run for the hills. That's what my friend Dennis said. Dennis, do a lot of this Ed's will guy. And he says, are either joking. He is so bad. Yeah. He said that he has a dog that can do a talk show better than Ed's will. Yeah. Well, I'm bringing in my dogs the next holidays to fill in. I guess we're that desperate. By the way, speaking of dogs, I want to tell you, I was given a dog. By my roommate for Christmas gift. She adopted him from the local animal control shelter. It's a two year old shelter and he's the best friend I've got. Well, I've got a little. I'm glad I tell people if they need a pet to go to animal control or one of the other shelters like that in a adopt. Well, I'm with you. Okay. Have a great new year. Take care, bud. See you. I was having a chat with my golden retriever the other day and I mentioned Ed Till's name and he broke out laughing. He was his stay was roll on a floor. Started scratching all over. We have an open line on the out of town line. 1,800, 9,4,4,4, Broward is some name of it again. And I guess we can't play those brow or cards anymore because they're history once again. As the shenanigans continue on here, but it just absolutely hopeless. Isn't it? So sit back and enjoy it. As a Ted Bundy used to say, just sit back, shut up and enjoy it. 1250 on the IOD network. Don't miss the weekend magazine. Featuring the latest news. Information, trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here. Come on, you are your team. You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. No shot, Sherlock. Come and run and go bend down courts along your men. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. When they come through the air and they don't have a heart. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. Wearing really tight shorts that don't sweat in. What do you mean you're going home? For what? You're done? You're done? I'm done. You're done? I thought you said you were going to stay here for a while. What do you mean you're done for today? You're done? You're done? You're done? Mitch Lewis is leaving. And you finally did a show that I said something nice about. God Almighty, can you imagine if I would have ripped that show again today to help crappy I'd feel now? God for a couple of seconds. Well good luck. You're a great talent. You've been seriously, not on that show, but you're a great talent. I'm serious. Oh man. What's going on in this place? And Bob Green is nowhere to be found again. I thought he said he would. I thought I misunderstood. I thought you were going to be here for a while until you got something else. Is that what you said? I thought that's what you said. And then he just walks in during the break there. And it opens the door and says, oh, they're going to pay you for a little while. Well, what's a little while, like for the rest of the week? For a while. For a while. A lot. They don't have to know about that job in Chicago. We won't tell them. We get like 20%. Good luck. That this is like a not-house now. This is insanity. The people with the talent are all going out. And the people who like suck are coming in. They're like lined up at the door. Okay, where do we start sucking? Where is that cart? I got to find that cart. We're all just people. Where is that? I mean, never was there more a better appropriate date of play it. They're just blowing everybody out here. Whoever had any kind of talent at all. And they're bringing a bunch of deadheads. A bunch of automotons. With this hot 105 crap. So not only are a lot of hot 105 people going to be walking in the streets looking for a job desperate. Standing at the soup kitchen. But some of the people inside here, especially if they had any talent, are going to be like long gone. And especially if they ever opened up. Also, no wonder he ripped the hell all or he didn't know it at the time. About Reneri. It's a good thing he did last Saturday because I guess he won't get a chance to do it again. I always said the show is still going to be on for a while, but not the next two weeks. Just a Lewis. Everybody in the audience who's like a regular who follows the goings on here, the shenanigans. Add another name to the rapidly growing list. Mitch Lewis bites the dust. Where the hell is that cart? Don't tell me that cart disappeared too. Wouldn't that be a strange coincidence, huh? Wouldn't that, I think we ought to have like a congressional investigation about that. If it turns out that cart disappeared too. Hmm. We'll find it. 1257. And let's do a Miami. Hello. Neo, how are you doing? Okay. I don't know, but he just saw and boy gay thing. He's starting to get to me. I was, I've been listening to him since 89 and I was only my third call. He is destroying. He is single-handedly taking everything that a lot of people have worked hard to build. And he is single-handedly turning it into a toilet into an outhouse. It's the legacy of the... He is destroying it. That's right. It's like the leftovers from Disney. And we got a new general manager who never even shows his ugly face in the building. He's never here. He's never here. Well, are you Bob Greenham? Yeah, where the hell are you, Bobbie? I can't believe I got to say it. The Arnold's also in Ducing, Duffins. I mean, even you can even feel a very, very touched. That's the first guy who's leaving. He's like him. Bum came from there and... Oh, he was, I like him. But boy, last night doing it alone, so to speak after the game. Did you hear that? Oh, how did he lost? Like the land of the lost. And he was... He's done hitting again. I mean, I like him. And I know he bought his bottle room for sure again. And it's just driving me crazy, Neil. I like the car from Bay of Ducing. I thought he said suck up. But nobody said I thought, but I wasn't positive. So just to be on the safe side, because you might have said the burger. I'm not sure. We have an open line of day, 75. Well, what he might have said that. It's not much as... Anyway, we also have one of the four miners. Lines waiting on you there. It's a hell of a day. Man, it's the holidays. Right. Hey, there's nobody around. Let's just lose the goddamn license. Screw them. Teach them right. Boy, what a place. This is just amazing. And you get the feeling, because one of the things this company is famous for doing is getting people really agitated. They don't want to come to you and look in the face. They say, well, you know, you really don't a great job, but we want you to get there a lot. So what they do is they get you as aggravated and agitated as they possibly can. And they start leaving copies of radio and records and broadcasting the one ads in your mailbox like as a little hint. Stuff like that. What a lineup we could have here. I would get to have Joey doing the mornings again with Bill Marshall and Ed Till do a mid day. And we could bring Dickie Farkle back for afternoons. This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station. Newstalk Radio's 610, WIOD, Miami Fort Lutterdale and the Palm beaches. There's room with you, I'm lucky. Used to talk radio's 610, WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD. Outside the 305 air code, toll free 1-800-944-WIOD. And both South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star, IOD. Now, the new Roger show on Newstalk Radio's 610, WIOD. This is the Neil Rogers 1-2-Lower. You got a problem with that. The next episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the new episode of the episode world journey dark and chosen geeky angel makes unleashed terrain hunting. I would like to explain it well. What's up, Doc? And we're out and giving up to make a living. We are all the people. 107 at WIOD. I guess I'm missing a boat here today, huh? I'm missing something really a big time that we ought to have on an endless loop. It would be appropriate for everything that's going on inside the building. It'd be appropriate for the level of a play and that dolphin game yesterday. And now just as you'd expect to make things perfect, I can't find that either. Roger, I want to tell you something. You're filing system. I wouldn't wish it on Genghis Khan with Eddie Cobb at the Suffolk Downs. That's the kind of filing system you got. Where the hell is that thing? Here it is. That's what I ride. You're doing it, man. You are really doing it. Of course, one thing now, every time you pull a car out of the rack, you hold your breath when you put it in the machine and wonder what's going to be on it. A grim day here at the Heartless Land of Wonderful Dung, WIOD. We have two open lines on the Out of Town Line, and nine, four, four, very light and tamp and Saint Pete today. Man, they're not into us at all. They hate us like poison. And we have an open line on the Stereline. Tom Villetan never called me back. I have no idea what else going on over there. But hey, don't confuse people because it's the holidays. So don't start nitpicking. Leave them alone. They want their 20 day busments holiday. Madly. Hey Neil, what's up? How you doing, sir? Good. Good. How are you? Great. You know what? I want to ask you guys to use some of your excuses about the dolphin fans. I don't know what's going on over there. So what do you think you're doing here in Miami? You're going to full-pug games? You know what? I was in San Francisco. So many things to do like what? I've been going to the beach or go to the beach anytime. They only play eight home games a year. I mean, that's going to the beach crap. You know, I went to San Francisco with the candlestick park. The place was packed. You park in mud. The stadium is the toilet. Makes the orange bull look like a pound. It's like the Taj Mahade. You're right. It's a toilet. The weather sucks. The wind is blowing. You got to glue your hair down. You're going around the city and they're flashing like going ironers. Everybody's wearing a knife. I mean, a knife of its crazy. Not here. We have trouble selling. You know, we had trouble selling out the raider game. It's not. Well, get used to it. It's crazy. It's not going to change. I call somebody a Detroit. No. We have an open line in date. 751 and one on our St. Pete Clearwater Connection Man over there at 1-800-944-9463. Fort Myers. Yes, sir. You're doing pretty good. Now those fans look terrible. Yes, they did. They looked embarrassingly bad. We backed into the way. We backed right into it. And boy did it hurt. Hey, I hope you didn't lose the bridge tender when you lost those cards. Don't make any suggestions. Will you please, sir? Okay. When you're going to do a remote over here, Neil. Over where? For Myers? No. I'm not going to be doing remotes in four Myers. No. Maybe John McCue can dress up like me at the flea market. Hey, I've been listening to you since you run Zeta. Remember those days? I remember those days. Can't go back. You can't go back those with the days. The bird is still in self denial over there in Lakeland. Talked about how he came in every day and did his job. And that's why I got canned. And just the... Is that him? Right. That was our weekly bird call every Monday. Every Monday. These are Lakeland Correspondent. Our movie correspondent. Boy, one thing that's still the same about the bird. Still wouldn't know a good movie if it slut up his nose. Well, listen, you got listeners over here. Neil, uh, believe they're not. You got a quite a few. At least 20 or 30, I guess. That's the rumor. That's most of the population. Which is a hell of a lot more than that. Stations got the rest of the day. I'll guarantee that. Hey, I can catch on on Io deep better than the signal coming out of. Whatever this 770 thing is here. No. It's pitiful. No. Oh, I know. I'm like three miles from the... You're here 770 over here like a local in the daytime. Don't start that, Jason. Are you serious? Yes, I am. They got a great signal. I know that what's his name, Steve Gover probably paid you a lot to make the call, but it's not going to work. Have a great new year. Yeah. Two open lines. They're both in a sterile. 1-800-944-9463. It's 11 on the Io D network, George. Here's Chuck Meier. Joey Reynolds. Tom Hopkins. Jim Mantage. And Randy Rhodes. Each weekend. Right here. Come on, you are your team. From our fellow hurricane fans on the Earth's Romans, that came to going to kick some f***ing illness in 93. Don't forget to go, and if you're in my best. 115 at WIOD on a traumatic Monday. It's all I can say. What else am I going to say? It's traumatic. They're just all kinds of crap going on here, and there's nobody over seeing the operation and the natives are running the asylum. I think somebody... I mean, it's like Lee Harvey Oswald. Remember he said I was calling for someone to come forward with the assistance now? Anybody. Step forward. Step in here before they can totally sink the ship. And they got this geek, this fascist, in high heels running around there in a hallway, just blowing them out of here, like water through a zoo. Here's a lady in Miami. Yeah, new. Happy holidays to it. This is not a lady. Yes, it is. Oh, it is. It's a lady. Rubus. People are always saying, I can't do that. You have an atom that I don't. Okay. Listen, I just want to say this is Dolphin's suck yesterday, and I sure hope that they'll be able to quietly their feces a little bit better so they can win the playoff in two weeks. But my real reason for calling was I wanted to find out your wonderful holiday spirit. If you could please play bad blood all the way through. Well, since you've put it that way, oh, please deal. I love that. Well, I don't know where if I'm going to find it in time. Okay. Okay. I mean, you're only on a spot here. It's 116. I would love to play it all the way through, because it'll kill some time. And quite frankly, after seeing what's going on in this place, I'm getting in a real scourly mood. And I'm beginning to wonder just exactly what's going on. They're in programming. If a lot of this stuff isn't like an inside job, you follow what I'm saying? I certainly do know because there seems to be a lot of things that are going to be a lot of things. Because there seems to be a lot of crap going down here. And of course, when people become insecure or the first thing they do, it's to try to solidify their base. And some of the basis crap I've ever seen is going on here. There's entrails all over the place. Huh? Why do you seem to be obsessed with entrails? Oh, I don't know. But I have to watch in the game yesterday. I can understand it. You have a great new year. Thank you, sir. See ya. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. You're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. Oh, you're so good. They're 70. Let's go and have a look at this thing. The machine won't play anymore because of you. Do you hear that? Look at that. They're killing me, AB. What's going on here? Sally. Huh? I didn't do nothing. No, I don't want to hear that. Just to be a nice guy, I played that. I was going to play that all the way through for that nice lady that called. Right, look at that. The machine won't play it. It won't play it. Oh man, give us help. Give us strength before we sink. It's the Titanic following an SOS. What do you want, AB? What do you want? Get out of here. Have a happy new year and get out of here and take your donkey with you too. Get out of here. Don't do this anymore until when we call you, then you can show up here. What the hell, you know, I have never seen anything like this in my life. The whole world just wants you to lay yourself flat and prostitute yourself for everybody. God. How is going on here? Walks to just walks in the door. Hey, got more pizza. He's got more schmoper in this. Oh, God. Yeah. How is going on with this guy? How much can we eat in one day? Wanna find out? One 21 on what used to be the IOD network. Coming up tonight at eight following sports dogs six dead. It's the Reddy Roan Show right here. Come on, you are your team. Now where are you, man? You know you're real and need a show. Come on now. So get out of here. Now get away. Show up. Come on now. Come on now. Just no so bad. Come on now. When makes me get out. Can't remember. The last I'm not just to go back. Oh, no. I can smell you coming from a bottle mouth in the half. Yeah, yeah. I won't do to know. I said I won't do to know right now. Just no bad silver baby. Better than the cat's little box. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And if you don't just clean up. I'm going to have the change all the locks. Yeah, yeah. And no you're really kind of real. You know why don't get the home. Come on, let me use the more. Come on now. Come on now. You smell like somebody died. Just no so bad. Just no so bad. Be a real. Be a real. Be a real. Be a real. Be a real. Be a real. Be a real. Oh, oh. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Put on on. Come on. Now I'm breathing for my nose. Come on now. And take your shower. Stay in the old days. I want to ask you. I'll ask you. You can't you. You can't you. You can't you. You can't. Hey. Hey. Hey. I'm on now. Everybody shower now. Everybody shower now. Everybody shower now. Everybody shower now. Everybody shower now. Take your shower. Hey. Get clean. Oh! Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? You said it. I don't blame you. Here's a goofball in Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. Are you doing? Listen to me. What did you think about yesterday's performance? Sir, are you listening to this show? Yes, sir. Have you heard what I said? Yes. Now, why would you call and ask me what did I think about yesterday's performance? What is there to think? What kind of a question is that? Sir, I want to talk about Bobby Humphrey. Yeah. What did you think? I think you were a goofball, just like George said. Only I think he was being really kind. We have an open line at Broward 524 Hollywood, hello. Hey, how's it going? Oh, great. What in the world is going on at that station today? It's the end of the world as we know it, sir. Uh-huh. There's no one in charge, the inmates are running the asylum, they're blowing the good people out, the places turning inside out and just one thing seemed to be going real well. This company knows how to turn it upside down just in time to say happy holiday and up your ass. Oh, I told Mitch Saturday in that on his show and we were ranking on, uh, on, uh, on, uh, Reneri and here at two days later, boom. Don't worry, Reneri is going to get his too. Oh, well, so what's going to happen now with night dropping? I beg your pardon. It's what's going to happen. Oh, who cares about what's going to happen with night drop? His man is guys a great production guy and a great talent and did some of the greatest bits in the entire building here. Right. Oh, man, I'm choking on his Sarah's pizza. So what? That's a right. Yeah, he did. He did. He did some good stuff. Yeah. That's why he's out. And they're bringing back the guy that he replaced when he came here. They blew this guy out to put Mitch Lewis in here and now they're bringing it back because he was at how 105. Oh, yeah, exactly. Oh, well. What's that tell you? Yeah, let's let's just turn the whole radio station into boy Gary and his buddies. We're going to have boy Kurt and Ed Till and bring back Dickie Farrell and Alex Bennett and all the enjoy rentals and Bill Marshall and all the losers. Let's put Meg Green on again a couple days on a weekend for like 10 hours at a crowd. Why not? All right. Give a good one. Happy New Year, sir. All right. See you. From all your friends at Wild, those few of us who are still here. Right. That's from George who wants to add his voice to the chorus of something. The chorus of Grepses. That A.B. from Sarah's and it's not his fault. He's not the guy over there. The head cheese. But this has got to stop. Okay. So I'm a vegetarian. All right. First of all, that the pie is very good. It's also loaded with butter, man. It's like fat. It's pure fat. And that's schmoper, which I gave to George like I told you that can. I looked on the ingredients. 10 grams of fat per serving per serving. And that's probably for a burger the size of a bird dropping. All right. Just loaded with pure fat. That's why it tastes so great. So what's the big deal? The reason you don't want to eat meat. One of the main reason you don't want to add fat. So why take some vegetable stuff and just load it with saturated fat? And then say, oh, look, this is good for you. Right. Boy. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. You left out, uh, Randy Barton. Randy Martin. Let's bring her back again. Yeah. Another boy, Gary Jim. Randy Martin. A.A. As a matter of fact. As a matter of fact, sir. Oh, no. Not me and the month again. Oh, hey. You are very fast on that. Yeah, I'm fast. I saw her up in Orlando last week. She blows. When he promised me to call it tell you that she did not. If you want to come, she's going to be in Miami. She wanted to stop by and say hi. No, we don't want to see her. Well, she said you used to pray that if butt packs is found as you get trouble. Oh, she works for butt packs and good. There is justice in the world. Man, what up, pair? What up match that is. Well, yes, she fought the Statius. You as that. Good. Everybody's Statius. Good. She'll be out. But anyway, she said she wanted to definitely wanted to say hi to you. She misses you. Well, we don't miss her. We miss her like hemorrhage. But you do want to know if you still have that part. So I guess the interest is yes. Yeah, we got it. We got some other good ones for her too. But the time doesn't permit. All right. I'll have a center resume down. Yeah, please. All right. Maybe she can get a two-man gig with that till. Have a great life. Happy New Year. Two open lines are both. And the two open lines are both in Broward of course. It's five, two, four. This, this station is getting like Santa Barbara. You know how they're going off very soon. Like in a few weeks of the killing off all the characters in the cast. That's how Wiod is going. I mean, just in the last few months, like the whole staff has turned over. Turned over as in their grave. Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Welcome to Wiod Dead. First time of color. Are you doing certain? Alrighty. I want to say Dolphin suck, but nothing else is enough. No. But it gets a little worse every week. I mean, when you're playing a sandlot team, you expect at least you're going to go out there and embarrass somebody and it's not expected to be yourself. Well, that they do a good job. Oh, I was physically ill during that game. I was so sick. I was just becoming nauseous. No, it's. Well, it makes to a lot. Yeah. Why do they bring up your day a little bit? Christmas day. I'm at a friend house having a little get together. Yes. Gentlemen, walks in no sleeves looking good. Guess who it is? Orlando. No. Orlando walks in there strutting his tight jeans and his boots in. It's cut off. Please, sure. Look and great. Are you cereal? Well, what kind of a place was this? Oh, I haven't. This is just a personal friend. Yeah. Yeah. How that we hang out together. Yeah, a bed. Orlando, he ain't got a lot of him. The Dolphin game, but if one of his fat riches in there, he'd be more happy to join you. Yeah, a bed. He better be there for the playoff game. We're going to need more than Orlando. I'll tell you that. He was. He was dragging on me that night before they even played. That's telling me how bad they were and they were going to choke him. He was pretty close to it. Yeah. They choked it. Yeah, they did. Everybody's an expert on that. And the same to you. All right. I just want to call her if he was a douchebag and I'm a sugar nut. Okay. All right. See you. You know, land to a bit kiss for us. I will. Okay. Right on the pecks. 7.5.1.9463 on a very, very exciting happy holidays. Happy New Year type of day from your friends at the craps station. It's kind of like helpless. Shouldn't we play that by Kim Weston? We should play helpless because it fits right in here. It's like you're sitting here and just watching the whole world crumbling around your very eyes. Right Adam Adam says so he says he's not putting up with any more of this crap. He's going in boy Yere's office right now and kick his bad ass. That's what he said. He said he's going to go in there and just stick sharp objects into every part of his body. He would do it in his brain, but he can't find it. God. What an what a jack ball. Where did we find him? Did we conduct another nationwide search to find him and keep in mind? Please eat that. Get it out of here and eat it and enjoy it. It's good, but it's full of fat and you're a skinny and young. Tamara, hello. Remember in Godfather 3 he said, oh you're so skinny you eat it. The girl, remember that? Yeah, look what it did to him. So enjoy it Adam while you can. This is the only way we get rid of Adam. Yes sir. Yes. How are you doing Neil? Great. Listen. I'm just guessing. Grow test. I obviously nauseating. Nothing to experience. I'm just going to explain to it. What are you doing? What are you doing? I'm going to explain to it. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? That is just a." Sawing, this mistake was about the way to face effectiveness, try this. That was fixed. We are done with the guts. Yers. I'm keep skipping. The deport assault day has taken this open lot. Some can't afford it. No. We can't afford it. Put your food. Just eating. You are making it. Theuggle calls. That is quiteetatistic. This time it's also put that is Thanks for playing. Put it, just like this. We have the resources for dealing. You got to love him, and especially that Pete's toy antivitch, man, you got to plant a big kiss on his foot. Yeah, yeah. Because if it wasn't for him, do you realize what kind of a year would it been? Oh, we were following you. I mean, forget it. We'd be in the toilet bull right now. You got it. Anyway, Neil, you have a great holiday. I need you to. Happy New Year. Same to you. Take care. Bye-bye. So I guess I'm packing up my CDs into a clock, huh? That's the thing. Everybody's packing up their stuff. Just in case here, there are anything valuable in around, just pack it up and put it in the car, and be ready to leave on a moment's notice. So I guess they're having their big hot 105 meat today. Maybe that's where it's all at. Because Cheryl said she was going down there today. Hot 105 to their place, whatever they're doing over there. Just another example of what goes on. And of course, now they're going to say, well, we don't have to worry about the coast. We don't have to worry about IOD. They're like, they run themselves. OK. So now we're going to put all our energies into hot 105. And all those other people, the 10 or 12 of them, who are left in the AM, and FM, they can just rot. They can rot in hell. We don't want to hear no crap from them. Because we're too busy now trying to screw up a new radio station. Well, 37 on the IOD network. Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast. Come on, you are your team. 141. What do you want, Kathy? Kathy. Hi. What do you want? What do I want? I just wanted to say hello. Hi, Kathy, a living student. You're happy new here and Merry Christmas and happy chronic on. Yeah. And I wrote you a letter around the time you were in the hospital with your gallbladder without it. But I never mailed it. Oh, nice. I appreciate it very much, Kathy. I've thought about you a lot. But time I've tried to call on the regular growers line, it's always busy. So how's Dick Pertendewa? Well, you know, I was up to Detroit twice in the last year. And I've been going up just for very brief little runs three or four days. And I haven't even called him. Yeah, when I lived in Detroit, I used to have the runs all winter. Have you called you lately? He called me back after the hurricane and I raised a quarter of a million dollars for us, which made me feel that we're really cheap down here in very insufficient. But, uh, stationed it. Yeah, right. Isn't that terrific? Yeah. Wow. I understand. And he signed that new contract for like an excessive of a million a year or something like that. And he's continuing to do it. Yeah. He has just great. Well, you're great too. And I bet you they treated him with a little bit of respect up there. Plus he owns part of the station, which doesn't hurt. That helps a lot. I'm going to come down one of these days to pick up my unbelievable t-shirt and great. Get a recon said. How about you got a whole month to go, so don't rush. Okay. Very good. Well, I figured it's the bird could call on the bat line so can I. Right. He doesn't call on the bat line. Yeah, George told me he did. No, he does not. He calls on the out of town line. Oh, is that right? Why would he call that would cost the money on the bat line? No, that's true. I forgot about that. Well, I can never get true when I tried to call the regular station line. So I had the resort. No, times it tougher him over there. He had an auction off the rest of his hair when he moved to Lakeland. So he can afford the longest call. I was thinking the only empathy he must have with the people who were fired or let go from WIOD is that fact. Not what they did while they were there. Well, don't confuse him with the fact to get very emotional. I have a great new year, Kathy. Now, I would be sure if you talked to Dick Burton, tell him we're on an ever four Myers now. Yeah, I'm sure he'll hear you. But I will definitely love you. Okay. Open line on the star line. There's suds. Indian giver. Or something like that. What do you call somebody who refuses a gift? Huh? I brought it in for you. And within like, where are you headed? Well, so what doesn't that make you already had it? You can never have too many star. Always good to have a spare. When you wear the oxide off the first tape, you have another one hanging around. And maybe it's a letter box. What movie did I watch it with a weekend? Was it shattered? That started in letter box? No, what was it that one? There was some movie. It started in letter box. And then thank God, once the movie starts, they open up the screen. And you don't have to watch that. God, there is nothing more aggravating to me that sitting at home on a big 45 inch TV set. And then have some letter box, scrap, commander. And you got like about a three inch picture. It's about 700 inches across. But it's only three inches high. You got to lay on the ground horizontal. Look at it the sideways. Four Lodderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. I have good news for you. I don't know. Subway is still sponsored a sponsor on your show, but I went there and got a delicious sandwich today. And they have their calendars with the discount coupon throughout the whole year. And it's a dollar and they don't even take the money or ring it up and go straight to come to us. Well, I too bad that the Steve Perris didn't tell us anything about that. Nice job on those cards, by the way, manny. Well, I was in that line and I said, Neil has got to know about this. I'm sure you've got to know about it. I don't know anything about it. No, I knew nothing about it. Well, this was at the store just on Brad Boulevard right in downtown. But I don't know if all the stores are doing it, but I have no idea. I need one or no. Yeah, well, there was something that's supposed to happen with them and Steve Perris. Our sales hole never got back to me. And of course, I'm sure he's not around because they're all on about a two week busmen's holidays. So you know, a lot of crap going on there. We have the you're hit right on the head. So you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out we got a lot of crap going on here. Not much else, but a lot of crap is the end of the year always swim in your in your. No, no. Usually the end of the year is real quiet because nobody's around. But this year there's a lot of crap you're right. I'm going over. Yes, it is. I love you. Take care. Have a great day. Bye. Bye. Bye. Uh-huh. Like I said, nice job on those carts, manny. We have an open line and Broward. Broward at 5249463. See what did I tell you? The no question in my mind. I mean, a shot to stirver like from day one. Lots of hostility here today. Lots of psychosis. Lots of games people play with Joe South and the spinners. They're doing it. Boy, I sure wish I had that to play to the games people play with that fit in perfectly here or what? Here's Jack Miranda. Hello. I don't wear a wick sir. Okay, let's go to always good to be in a force that just to make sure you know Hollywood. Hey Neil. Because if he did he probably would have borrowed the money to buy it. Yes. Hey Neil. Yeah. Haven't talked to you before your operation. I called suggest that you become a vegetarian rather than have you gone better taking a while too late for that now. It's not going to grow back. Are you a serious vegetarian? What does that mean, a serious? Meeting a vegetarian. No animal at all. No eggs. No milk. Well, I wouldn't say no cheese. I've had a little like hard cheese, but that's it. How would he laugh in a box? I mean, that's not bad. Okay. I cut. I don't first of all. I don't drink milk because you have to be an imbosal to feed milk to an adult. You got to be an idiot. Absolutely. I drink milk and I don't need a lot of dairy to begin with. I don't eat cottage cheese. I don't. So a little bit of hard cheese like on my pasta because you can have a lot of pasta when you're vegetarian, which I love pasta with the right kind of sauces without the fat and all the crap and sugar in it. And I think I'm doing pretty good. Well, another loss about the six or seven pounds in the first week and I was feeling really great to like him in here today. Another question I had was on the fat. You're complaining about the fat. I'm not familiar with the product that you bought. Just keep in mind that your body does need fat. No, I don't need that much fat. I mean, we're talking about a 59% of the calories are from fat grillers. I wouldn't buy those again. In fact, I got an extra pack and we're going to bring here an auction of the more to the highest bitter. I wouldn't need that crap again. 59% of the calories are from fat. No way. Okay. Your body needs a little bit of fat. But keep in mind that your body does need some fat. Some fat. That's right. I know. Huh? What? Vegetables and nuts. I beg your pardon. No animal fat at all. Yeah. So, nobody does need animal fat. No, absolutely. Your body was never designed. I don't know any horses who are eating animals fat. No, I look at the gorillas and the elephants and. Right. But anyway, as far as your champion juicer or whatever, you know, if you get a champion, mind 10 years old. Yeah. And they sell it to unicorns for about 189. Oh, do that. And it's by far for a whole minute. I use mine commercially for a while too. It's too slow commercially, but for a whole minute, you can't be. I bet you that's just like the one that I used to have. I used to have a real good one. What's all motor? Years ago. All it is is a is a is a motor. It looks like a wash machine motor. Right. And it has a unit to mount on the front of it. And you just can't wear it out. Mine, like I say, my 10 years old, and that used it for two years, commercially. So, I'll check it out. Okay. Thanks a lot. Hey, listen. Stay with the program. I'm doing it. Because first of all, it's not really that difficult. I've never been a big meat lover to begin with. I'm not a big steak lover. I mean, or nearly I'd have a steak maybe three times a year. I'm just not that big in the meat. My big thing is pasta. And you don't have to put the sausage in the meat balls. No, like crap. Because first of all, in Italy, they never heard a such a thing. They don't eat. They're either pasta with very light sauces over there. Why are you strictly raw tomatoes organic when I can get a bite? Right. And the base sweet basil and a little more ringen. That's right. Well, I'm going to go out and get some basil rattle in the sacked and own. Have a great holiday. You did. See you. Okay, 148 on the IOD network, George. In the morning. Some more rain showers rolling into the economy right now. And rolling in with the rain showers rolling in the accident. Two cents on the way home in the afternoon. And Broward and accident sample road turtle creek full of our possible entries. Other accidents and late in the evening. The two outer lanes of Southbound 95 are closed to all traffic between Northwest 79 and Northwest 60. Guy watched 6-10 traffic. Now brings you traffic coverage 24 hours a day. On South Florida's news traffic in weather station. News to our radio. 6-10 WIOV. Join us this afternoon to getting into for those wild and crazy guys, written thoughts. And it's six. It's sports dog 6-10. Krabbital records presents the coming out of who great peat touts it. It's the out of the closet collection. Tommy, can you read me? Here's my head to steer you. Tommy, can you please me? Let me read your gear you. Tommy, come here Tommy. Tommy, come here Tommy. Just fun day. I want to show you something. Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, touch me. That's right, man. Tommy, oh yeah, feel all of me. Let me. Who? Me. Krabbital records presents these previously unreleased tracks. Cats be seeing these zones the way they were meant to be. The rough boy in slick skirts, peat touts it, the in my box set. I've never seen a boy get a seat even though I'm a young boy. I've had these summer balls in the fall down brightened. Men always came to call. They seem to like it. And then it got from stars. My name is Peter Towersen. And I saw a play of me in Jain Ball. What is right now? And you'll get a CD bonus track of Feat singing that held already classic I am woman. Visa or Mastercard accepted. Unless he speaks first. He's a 503. So man he just said he's never speaking to boy Gary again. 153. Everybody in this. But you know why they're also emotional because they're looking. They're watching that door and they're seeing bodies fly out of there. Like it's like a revolving door. You know how you go into a bank and most banks. The old fashioned ones and the big bank buildings. They all had to revolving door. That's what this place is like. Only they're going around on the out. But they're not coming back in. And so today all the hot shots I understand are at hot 105. As in hot shot 105. That's what we're going to turn it into. Emphasis on the shot. They're all down there having their big meat. And Jeff Clark's down there. Maybe even Bob Greens is down in his down there. He don't come and see us. No. He's down there. Probably given some notices out to those folks down there saying, Happy New Year and guess what? You're fired. But good luck to you because we know it'd be no problem. With your talents getting another job. Boy boy. What a, and here we go again with this great FCC with all psychs and the bush people. This is like their last parting shot on dot the eye. They're big shot to the radio industry. Don't say crap on the air. We're going to find Howard and they invented the 80 trillion dollars. Because we don't like it. Jesse Helms don't like what he says on the air. But God, go ahead and buy up. Like buy up all the stations in town. That's okay. And hire four people to run them all. How would that be? See, because that's how radio ownership people are. If they could automate talk, if they could find a way to automate, Wouldn't they, they do it in the heartbeat? I remember when I worked in West Palm and WJ and Oh, at that time the FM was slush. Slush music with those, some taped service, you know, used to come in on those big reels. And I'll say them in Sarasota when I worked at S.P.B. And part of your duties was that like every hour or so, you'd have to go in there and change the tapes on the automation machine. Right. Change those tapes on the automation machine. In other words, they had a radio station running running commercials and money coming in and there wasn't nobody running it. They had, they had not a low payroll. They had no payroll. And that's what they're out for, man, is the hoard the air waves. And these assholes up there are worried about, well, these air waves go on to the public and Howard saying, do you speak right? And in the meantime, what you're doing is saying to all these grave robbers out there, that's okay. The air waves belong to the public, but we'll let you buy them all up for a while. Could you can bleed all the money out of me can? Here's a mobile in Hailea. Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know sir. Tramen to sappy, New Year to you, sir. And happy new one to you. Right. And year two. And to yours, too. Listen. Yes. A couple questions. Number one. Four minutes? No, don't think so. They're going to call it not so hot 105. Because I was thinking this might be a good opportunity for you to go back to the SM. Yeah. I got news for you. If I change stations, it won't be for this company. Okay? Do you get my drift? Wow. Yeah. And second of all, boy guy is a geek. So when is, um, yeah. I mean, how long is this company going to have this guy as a program director? Well, you're asking the New York guests. I heard this man is better than the ever ready cat. He's got like 900 lives and no matter how much soil he puts on the year, no matter what he does, no matter how many people in the building have like $Voodoo dolls in him at home that they're sticking sharp objects in all day. He still manages to come out smell like a rose. I don't, I have no idea how. Yeah, but do you still have that card with a hangover thing boy guy? Yeah, the geek. I wouldn't be at all surprised as a matter of fact. I'll say you. Hey, look at it. It maybe he did take it. And he ate it. And the card, too. I have a Hank Goldberg story that I probably, well, have a great name. Okay, your phone just to crap out. What was he doing? What did I miss? Because I wasn't, what happened? What happened? He wasn't cut off. Yeah, and what happened? Yeah, he's cut off. All right, you see the phone thing. We are he's cut off. I got, because I'm not going to listen to that phone puke. And okay, I can't leave that answer. And I was just looking for the card. Anyway, it saved me from having to tell that story. Because I promised I wouldn't tell him. But boy, just another loud mouth, the mouth content, trouble making geek Hank. You just never still, least you're consistent. Here's a lady in Lauderdale by the sea. Do you think your ballspot? Yes, I do, as a matter of fact, pink. And stand out in the crowd. Palm Springs, north. If you have the fart or go ahead and fart. Let's go to Clearwater, hello. Yeah, Neo. They must be calling from Hot 105. Yes, I just like to tell you that I really enjoyed the comments on the Just machines and you had mentioned you had all in the Several on the path. Well, I don't say several. I said I had the champion years. Years ago, a long time ago before it became fashionable and chic. And I have that Vitamix, which is his useless dog droppings. And then I got this juice man too, which I wouldn't wish on anybody. Well, I didn't work here. I'm yesterday. One thing I noticed was they all have a, just seems to be a very small flat to put the thing down or the fruit or vegetables down. Yeah. What do you have to slide? It's normal for all of them. A small slot? Yeah, do you have to chop everything up before you put it in the store? Well, you don't have to chop it up, but you can't put an apple hole in the juicer. You have to slice it like in a quarters, which is, you know, even I can do that. It's not a major undertaking as they say at Lythko. Okay, I had vision. You could just drop tomatoes and everything in these things. And when the one time was looking at the drop tomatoes in a juicer. Yeah. Yes, there is such a thing as tomato juice. I guess I don't know. I never even thought about making tomato juice. Oh, yeah. But you could slice it up. And then, of course, you can buy that real spiffy knife that they sell on their on TV to on the information. Yeah. Or you can slice them with a vegeomatic and spray paint and black with Ron Popeye's hair spray. Really enjoy your show. Just remember what I told you. The entire audience do not ever buy anything off a TV info or commercial if the product was any good. It would be in the store and trust me when I tell you. And it's guaranteed to be overpriced because they have to charge you an arm and like to make up for that enormous cost of the advertising they're doing. Absolutely. Absolutely. One hundred thing in your management. Take that. What's his name? And stick him right in his juice man. J. N. N. Order to court it to whatever his name is. Yeah, I think your management is really sensitive. I'm letting people go around this time here. Nogedner things to do. Most of you are afraid to do that. Make sure they crime pal FOR anything. Hold your kad shoes. I love ker  her. . gravy into thin areas of prescription. Another frequent deal very often is for developing an holiday to reduce freedom on the coast. And some little labs license papers have been recommended  24 hours of expenses in the industry. Police officers act right the head of the country. different from the covert article in the Harold. This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station. So watch this video 610-WIOD by ME Fort Lutterdale and the Palm beaches. You dummy!