It was so good for like four hours. It was just, it was totally unintelligible. It was like somebody had shoved 800 pounds of mud in her mouth, which quite frankly could have been an improvement. But man, are we doing it here at WIOD? Or what? Here's the lady in Miami to tell us. Hi, yes, man. Hi, how are you? Great. I want to call my career. I'm a major beast bag. Yes. And I want to tell him to leave you alone. How did you like the quality of how did, well, the possums a little upset. Now he's a little thin skin these days. What's going on? Well, I guess the bottle's running dry or something. I don't know. The row we're there. We talked about the collar run dry after that show they did this morning. They're going to be squeezing it heavy duty all weekend over in the Bahamas on your two. We're going to feed back where we're getting wet with my radio. I want was that all about. I have never, it was like, it was like they were singing. And like, everything that had music on it was like, wowing and distorted and piti. It was like the other salads and everybody had their radio on. It was like a bad drug trip. Good thing they're out of town and don't have to do their drug test this weekend. I don't know. Yeah, take your wires, don't burn. Yeah, shake your, yeah. Yeah. Shake your stuff. I just want to tell you that I love you. Have a great day. Don't take it personally. Now they're just a little test to you. Take it personally. I read the rumor that Howard's going to be doing mornings on this station and they're getting a little insecure. Howard who? Stern. I don't care. What's wrong with that? Now you come. Howard wouldn't dare come down here. In the morning. How for you? He'd be in the morning. I'd be on after Howard. Can you imagine the audience of living and reading people I'd inherit at 10 o'clock? God. I don't think that's good. That would be good. That would be bad. It's okay. Real bad. You know, we live for you. And we don't want to have money. Howard does six to ten. I don't care. I mean, we can live in. So many hours of this. You know, that's true. That's right. We don't want to hear that. We don't want to hear that. And George Thomas, your king of the market or king of the world or something. That's right. I'd settle for princess for a while. Well, listen, have a great day. Thank you. We're very lucky. And hang in there. Okay. And I'll listen to them. Say, how do they possibly? All right. Okay. With those little beaty, I'll buy no eyes. Oh, God. Hey, listen. If you drank that much, you'd be beat red too. I'll tell you that. All right. Let's not get vicious and malicious. Okay. Let's try to comport ourselves. Yeah. Why not? Let's be vicious and malicious. Speak out of that. Did you hear that bitch Pat Curry with Rick and so to yesterday from the Sun Sentinel? What a pleasant person. She is, huh? God, how'd you like to wake up next to that or like in the same building with it? I mean, granted Rick is a bonehead and doesn't have any clue what anything is all about, but that's beside the point. But he was just so hostile about, man, you go back to your callers and I'll go back to doing what I'm doing. Which I can only imagine what that was, Pat. Okay. Like right on the typewriter, honey. That was incredible. Although not quite as incredible as what I heard this morning. That was a show. And by the way, speaking of the teleport, if you like the nice young voices on there. Telling to why she's mouth out with Draino. God, almighty. Mike and the gay, a great panther's man. They're just the anch in their spirits and their prunes. They're doing it. It's the prune juice rebate and on WIOD. Hey, right now. Let's take a minute to talk about the newest foologans. Pob and Oyster Bar at the Fort Apache, Marina. Ta-ta. Located on the intercoast the waterway right behind Lomens Plaza and Aventura, Hologans Fort Apache has all the great food fun and sports. That my amyens have enjoyed other Hologans locations for nearly a decade. Every Tuesday, Hologans Fort Apache host myamis long-dust happy hour from 3pm to midnight. With two-for-one beer and cocktails, free chicken wings, and that great complimentary buffet, featuring a 90-pound steamship round of beef. And Thursday, it's karaoke night and ladies drink free from 9pm to midnight. Then kick off your wicked at Hologans Fort Apache Friday happy hour, featuring a complimentary seafood buffet. Saturday, it's an all-night party with a music doctor and a karaoke single-ong. And Hologans is always glad to find your favorite baseball game on one of their 20 big screen TVs. You can go and watch the cup lose again. So come check out the newest toologans or the redswin. How about that? The newest toologans at Fort Apache, Marina right behind Lomens Plaza and Aventura open seven nights. Till the wee hours of the morning. There's plenty of baseball action this weekend right here. Join us Saturday and Sunday for the best American and National League. Come on, you are a real big career. Okay, so the big concert tops we got now is George Mr. Hotshot, Mr. I know everything and you're just some dumb Anglo. He's taught me it's like karaoke. Yeah, karaoke. How can K-A-R-A-O? Are you going to give me the dictionary? You're just going to stand there coming your hair for an hour, Alex. You! You! Yes, you, white man or close to it. Go get the damn dictionary. From the newsroom, do some constructive. Oh, I know you just over saw one of the great shows in history of radio and you're still basking in the glory of your brilliant job this morning. I hope you have a good new one, whatever it is. karaoke. And by the way, they got it spelled two different ways in here just to make sure they got K-A-R-A-O-K-E and K-A-R-A-O-K-E. As in the witch doctor, ooh-e-e-e. Ooh-a-e, whatever that is. Well, a while of Bing-Bang. I have to start new like Reneri now, like Google, Google. But anyway, that's that. Thank you so much, Alex, for the first useful thing that you've done all morning. Okay. A bigger part? What did he just say? He's swearing again. Got Almighty. This punk has no concept of what an open mic is all about. Okay, here we go. Let's look it up in our unabridged. There's cats in jammer. That's pleasant. Um, they're probably an even in here. Kasha. Here's Kasha, varnishkas. Here's Kishki. Kary Kirok. And that's not even in here. Now wait a minute. Maybe if I spelled it right. What kind of a crappy dictionary? Can we afford a real dictionary in here? K-A-R-A-O. Um, ain't in here. So unless we have somebody in the audience who has an IQ bigger than their toenail size, we're never going to find out. Here's more of jables. Oh God, blue God, well, from the Bahamas. The phone lines to good. That was a great kid. Was that incredible? Have you ever heard anything like that in your life? I turned up my cheap little radio. I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it. It was like, uh, he was saying everything twice at the same time, so had to expend a lot less energy. I turned up my cheap little radio and I heard the echo. I said, that is damn radio. I needed no one. But what made it better was that, like, any time that there was something musical. Like, even the music kind of thing was like, uh, the spinners were wowing. It was like, uh, I don't get it. I just amissing something. I think it must have been a real quality phone line. I think you're a teleport question. The day should be how we can improve the micronereation. I have a two word answer. Turn it off. Howard Stern. Oh, I'm sorry. Why do I keep saying that again? I know how he wants to be in this market badly. We can't afford to put him on here to say dickhead on here. That would be bad. I would lose you life. We'd have we defend all those old farts that love Uncle Alpassum. Oh, I saw Batman last night. And it sucks. It does suck. It's terrible. I mean, where the hell is I still say, uh, you know, to take and steal somebody's story and to take Robin out of there and to put this dark, this ugly, uh, Paul over the whole thing. He was his word. Not as pedophile. Yeah. Well, even the first one was sort of good, but that was. That, oh, yeah. I like the for now for good. Oh, a lot of people like the first. Well, that's because they have no taste. But that's because they probably never saw the TV show. This one is just terrible. I mean, all good. Is Danny DeVito running around with the big nose? Danny DeVito is not the penguin. Okay. Burgess Meredith is the penguin. And not an unusual mirror is the Joker and, uh, who are the other people who are in it? The ridler is, uh, Frank Corchin. Oh, you know, a problem is, uh, the director with the same guy who made P. We's big adventure. Oh, that explains it. Well, he's not a lot of pressure. So you've got, you've got this Batman movie with all these crazy, unexplainable things just popping in and out giant dolls and all this. Something like out of a P. We movie. It's ludicrous. Yeah, P. We like those movies. There were a lot of things popping in and out. That's what I heard. In fact, uh, P. We heard an in the movie. Does he? It's a small cameo at the beginning. It's the penguins father. Well, isn't that cute? Yeah. Well, I guarantee you one thing. If he father anything, it probably would be the penguin. Well, some have a great thing. And I apologize for that show. Oh, wait, we're out of the table. And, uh, who go? Who go? Okay. Twenty after ten, a double dry OD. We have an out, well, see they're striking back there on that morning show. They're developing some gigantic ones and probably Rogers, they want to put them up to it. Because Roger, as it turns out, is a devious, absolutely just duplicitous. So does anybody have the answer for us on the karaoke? I think you're wrong. I don't want to sound like, you know, if I made a mistake, I'm big enough. I'm gigantic enough to live up to it. But I don't think so. karaoke. I mean, as yellows on TV, little sing along things where do you act like Lawrence well, kind of like dead? Well, you're a little accordion and you kind of like squeeze it real hard. And the karaoke, too. And, uh, you sing your little favorite like the new Christy Minstrels and all other crap, right? And Mitch Miller songs and one and a two. I don't know, nobody knows. Well, we'll find out if it's the last God damn thing we do today. We're going to get our karaoke straightened up. And hey, that's a good way to get set for the weekend is to get your straightened up. Here's a reminder from the Quicksoyle, who been Hollywood and Fort Lauderdale about their fabulous oil change in Wiper Blade special. At McQuicks Broward locations only get a complete oil change using up to five courts of Quakers State 10 W30 motor oil. New oil filter in a brand new pair of Wiper Blade's all for the astonishingly low price, Ugamoga of just 2395. And not only that, McQuicks will also give you a certificate for four bucks off on your next oil change. All of that could easily cost over 40 bucks elsewhere. But right now, McQuicks get the oil change. New oil filter and new Wiper Blade's all for just 2395. And all of that to McQuicks thorough 18 point servers check. I mean, they'll check you over inside and out. And you've got to deal two damn good to pass up. And if you visit McQuicks before June 29, you can find out how when a free pair of tickets to the Firecracker 400 at Daytona on July 4th. Are you crackers out there? No appointment is ever necessary just where you are baby in today. To McQuicks and tell them that fat kneels such a buy, just say Ugamoga, that's the password. There are the Northeast corner or 441 in Washington, street in Hollywood. And on state road 80, four half my least of I-95 in Fort Lauderdale. Remember that's McQuicks oil loop where they do more good things for your car in about 10 minutes. And some people do in four and a half hours on the air. I'm in the barn law looking at his bathroom agony and watching the evidence buddies do things to a calf down there. Oh my God. Oh my God. You mean he had like a stack of plowboys? He paid for it. He took me to the kitchen. Oh, gee. We can touch the afternoon and the two on South Florida's news, traffic and weather station, news, talk, radio. 610 WIOD. This Saturday morning, Hitler's new one once had thing this weekend on the weekend by the way, the Chuck Mire. He's not crazy to see him. Oh, everybody by L.D. Someday, see the biggest fat ass wall maintenance across the other planet. It's so miracle to hold more stars more colors. Please, please, steady day and day. I am in his post-doc, Nick, opening down the river. Boy, we're against the law doctor. And it's also just ours. Who will earn the title, Mr. O. M. O. M. O. Some of their insolent body bond boy, free and it's super modified fully bold heat record. It's a ball out head to head's battle against long-tared family. If we've acquired it, we know that your work makes no prisoner. Oh, there's a game monster, more intelligent. You'll be just like an anacir and stop on your safety. Watch out for some of the. Take it for a little little, pivot master. Oh, the speed is good. 1025. At WIOD on a great Friday, have we, I forget who's account that is, by the way, out back. Have we discovered yet who's in charge of that? Not that I want to get panicky again, because I know our good friends over there will take good care of this. We're going to get gallons and gallons of walkabout soup, right? For sure. Maybe we think we hope. Here's Boca on the star line. A meal. Boca, Boca. I'm still feeling kind of crazy from that morning, so yeah. But I found. Kind of make you a seasick. Man, I feel like you're on a bad cruise. All right. I've eaten something bad. Like, cross the pond. Yeah. So I was watching a show last night when those investigators show them 730, I guess. And what they were doing was they were putting the radar on. Hold the inside. I'm glad you mentioned that. I want to try. I saw twice. I saw that the 430 on Channel 12 in Palm Beach and then at 7 o'clock at the track. I was watching it on whatever. And the cops that even smearing the car in office plugged. Yeah. That's a good one. Yeah. He was clearing it off his plugs. Yeah. And it was one on the way to the storm, one on the way home. The other one on the way to the rifle range at about 96 miles an hour. This was that this was the BSO. And then also those pigs in upstate New York. And by the way, did you notice the ones in New York as soon as they found out that they were. Even the other guys. I started giving them tickets that were right in like it was a fire sale man. They gave them a ticket for having an obstructed windshield. And the guys said, well, you have the same thing in your shield. And the police are different for us. And then did you like the one cop who came running out of the car and in the order to stop a photographic. It's illegal to take pictures on the causeway or whatever. It's like the laws not for everybody. Yeah. I just want to see if you saw it. They did make it up as they go along. They're out there driving 70, 80, 90 through residential areas. And then you notice they're out of two as soon as they these guys approached them and you're on my property sir. Have a good day. In other words, get the crap out of here and don't bother. We don't mess with me on the law man. It was breaking and I've let you saw it. It was killing sir. And it's if anybody doubts that we live in a fashist state. They should watch that over and over. That's to prove it. Hallelujah. And you know, I don't want to call anybody anything. Good. 1028 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Starline StarIOD on a pressure pack day to day. We're under tremendous attack and de-res from the. From the old farts in the morning. Rich packed around the line. Well, this comes as quite a surprise. Aren't a peroky those little dumpling things that that you eat. Peroky. Yep. This is your material today. Hey, I was in a hulk. You're a hulk. You're an art art convention. And I was listening to your buddy Stern. Yeah. He was talking about he's going to be a Detroit. And he said, and my amy. Yeah. And I thought for sure. He's day to it would be the place. Just a matter of time before Howard pops up somewhere. Well, that would be good. There are many place better than 610 WIOD. Sure. Then I can listen to that station to your station other than just the hours you're on. Right. I mean, he don't. He don't have the birthday list. I understand that. I mean, have to make some sacrifices. You got the dick headless. You know, he used to go to Muga with the New York accent, but I saw your buddy Tom Like is walking around. Oh, my buddy. I got so many buddies. What? So the Joey Reynolds of course is there to more of my buddy. Oh, yeah. Joey looks like he just got out of Auschwitz. He's like with like with a still wearing the motorcycle jacket. I got this. I was like 80. Yeah. He's walking around with his bus to Brown haircut. He's got some babe with him that if you don't look too close. He looks pretty, but if you look closely, forget about it. Yeah. See the close enough to see the mustache. Then he realized there's something wrong. And he was all over. And you know, it's in one of these conventions. So people with lesser moral fiber that myself are drinking all the time. Yeah. And I'm sent to the can one time. He's in the stall next to me. They stand in there and stand in there and he starts flushing because obviously nothing's going on. It was pretty embarrassing. Totally. Yeah. And the lights of start would like us. Usually nothing is going on. Yeah. Absolutely. That's what they tell us at our sister in law station, KFI and LA. I didn't listen to that. I, you know, I, you know, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait till you hear this. I just got a fact from the Phantom and former. Yeah. New competition from Zeta hardcore. Neely Mike Lyons. Now appearing opposite your bad self mid days at Zeta. The new morning person Kimba. I heard her yesterday morning. God is she terrible. We Kimba. Also buddy, but is still mucking around with I and Z. Drop the second part of the hourly network news in favor of more spots. Wow. What is the price? And then it also says on the bright side, though even packs this part enough to realize that your voice Gary, step out of it is essentially useless. You're stuck with him a while longer. Sorry. Love him kisses the Phantom and former. Well, they've got FTO and turn that around. There he go. Perfect place for boy Gary. That would be good. Let's tell that. Yo, yo, they call before about that man that Tim Burton directed the first bat man. Movie also. So he thinks, you know, the guy who did the TV thing. And then was alright. I saw it last. Hey, it was not that. So what does that have to do with you? Well, you can't expect, you know, Adam West and Burke Ward to be. That was Batman and Robin. That was Batman and Robin. And how do you do Batman? Rose was a comic strip and with some like basic characters and just take Robin out of it. That would be like bringing back leave it to Beaver and take in Ward out of the show. It's not going to be just that. It's not going to be like taking any mask all out. That's not the show. You know, you're like bringing it back. Ozzy and Harriet and taking Rick Nelson out. I mean, forget that. Well, he's not feeling too good lately. But the first. Well, he's a resident. Except Harriet and she's like right on the edge. Oh, wait. The first few years Batman was in the comics. There was no Robin. I hate to break it to you. So. Well, he had a maybe. He had a maybe. He had a maybe. He met him somewhere. Maybe met him at the cactus or somewhere. I don't know. Maybe met him at Vegas. It was Ward not as pedophile. Right. Well, I'll take it from one who should know. Yeah, but listen, what other thing before I disappear? There's a true that Hank could took tempest from out to Vegas with him on this trip. Or is that just a rumor? I think she's not old enough for him. Yeah, or too old. She bought this little thing from Charles Alfier. You have I can't even begin to tell you where she put it. Well, listen, have a good way. I got one more. Yeah, quickly. I know you don't read the hell, but pick it up on Sunday. I've got a piece in, uh, traffic magazine on Sunday. Wow. The party. What a star. Well, happy father's day. Well, thank you. Yeah. Okay. What a goofball. 1032 a WIOD. And my wildest dreams. I just never anticipated such a pressure pack day. And of course, the audience feels like somebody's been actually talk about hands on. Like, somebody's had their hands inside their head and been squeezing their brains all morning with the stuff coming through your radio. I think that with this station, there's an apology to the entire audience. Those who are too old to change the dial, uh, who are the only ones who listen anyway at a morning. But I mean, I just, I can't believe that that just went on and I kept sitting here asking people like, is anybody aware that this is what's going on in the air? I hear the voice. Oh, how are you? I just, uh, what is that? Major-market radio? God. And the best part of the deal is that most of his audience didn't know the difference. Okay? That's what that old that takes a hell of a lot to snap you to it. Fort Laterdale. Yes. Uga Muga. Muga Buga. I got a couple things. Yeah. And yes, somebody. By the way, you're never going to believe this cherry coconut can coming up by the next month, 30 years old. It's incredible. Cherry coconut in the can. In the can, even. Yeah, in the can. That's the operative expression. I was listening yesterday. I think it in, but, um, yeah, don't recall. I wanted to put on a time in America. Yeah. And you had asked if there was a gun shot at the end. How do you pronounce karaoke, by the way? There you go. Okay. So, George, you hear that? This guy who sounds very articulate and literate to me and a suck at around. He said, karaoke. There you go. That's the cell. FOS. What? Anyway. FOS. Always said your full of stuff. Yeah. Okay. So is he? Anyway. You were talking about once upon a time in America yesterday. Yeah. And so, guys, it all I've watched 100 times and, you know, those guys. Well, there was no gun shot at the end. You had asked for it. I never heard that. I mean, but you notice how if people say that often enough. It's like anything else. If you keep spitting out the same crap. People hear it enough and they start believing that they just accepted because, like, more than two people said. The garbage thing. Yeah. He was in a thing and then, uh, dinner was looking around. He sees that thing like spinning around. And he looks in a back and there's like all these, it's popping out of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be a little tough. But anyway, on the inside edition thing, I watched it yesterday. And it's so funny to cops. I've all met the same answers. The cure it against mine. Yeah. And have a nice day. Have a nice day. Did off my property on this question. Asked you. Yeah. All that other stuff. I mean, you know, 90 miles an hour. No chance. There's no chance I was doing that. Then he has a fat major Ralph Page there. Well, we've had a little investigation going on. Yeah. Some investigation. Right. The best. Hey, listen, that just bears out what I've been telling you, man. They got their own set of laws, their own set of rules. They do whatever you see it all the time. You see them practically. I was, uh, where the hell was it yesterday? Some cop comes pulling across the road like right diagonally across the road. I don't know where the hell he was going. But he was taking the strawberry shortcut, man. And he just, uh, you know, cranks it up and the cuts across the road. They're the own set of rules. Yes. That's right. Those are different there sir. Once you put on the uniform and the badge and that gun, all of a sudden you'd be the law, man. That's right. Yeah. And school rules. Yeah. And, uh, have a good day. And you too. 1035 at 610 Wild or, uh, expose a station for the nine days. Ticketitis is sweeping soft Florida. When you hear this, you're going to just want to upshuck all over your pants, okay? Over 8,000 traffic tickets are given out air-free, sticky weekend, daydren, brodered County alone. On, or livable, man, talk about having a lymph wrist from writing so much, you're just in general. Ticketitis gives South Florida one of the highest motor vehicle insurance rates in the country, but now fight back, cure. Ticketitis, cure even the most wicked dose with the ticket defense team, because they're going to send a lawyer to court for you. They know that law. I'm telling you, they did a number for me that was great. And then a friend of mine who's got like 7,000 tickets just in the last week. How they managed to get his ass off and straighten it all out and get his license. He had suspensions here, and they just destroyed it out because they know how to do it for you. Okay? So it's well worth the, a puny charge for just 99 bucks in court cost defending. The ticket defense team goes to court for you to represent you and defend you on all. Non-criminal traffic tickets and accident cases, and it's guaranteed. No points on your license or your money back. So how the hell can you lose? So instead of just sitting back and taking it, call the ticket defense team next time they may as your ass. Tole free it's 1-800-741-team. 1-800-741-832-6 for the ticket defense team. The opinions expressed in this program I'm going to say, we those are 16 WIMB, which spots in the air. Yeah, I sure did. 20-11 at WIOD on a great Friday. Where's our soup, man? Is anybody, I just can't remember which one of those stiff spec there is in charge this time. And I sure wish I could because we grab a hold of MENB to truth out of them. Find out what's going on. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. It's beef to peep to Simone as the saleswoman. Oh, he's on his own. Oh, he's out of town. He's out to lunch. Hello? That was George that was interrupting you there, Mr. Kirk. Oh, you're so rude. Yeah, stop being such a panony-astro. Yeah, this is the big mouth you walk on the hospital without. I gotta tell you story about the justice system and brow cavity. Oh, God. This only happened in a few minutes. A lot to such a good start to. Listen to this meal. It only happened in a comedy. Yeah. That's three years ago I'm driving home at night. There's a cop sitting on the side of the road training somebody knew. Both me over. We go to court. You know what he's pleading? And I was going 91 miles an hour on a rim for a mile and a half. Yeah. Right, he's at the West. But then this is historical. My boy, yeah. I'm seeing her waiting. The judge is secretary here of our continuitus. The judge is secretary come to me to the waiting facility. I should get her. Well, he's in jail. Now my lawyer's in jail. It's a wife. Contempt the court is wearing jeans and court. It's a great. I go out and get another lawyer. My other lawyer comes in. They declare a mischile. Wait. Then two days after the mischile, the cop gets thrown in jail so he's robbing a church. Right? Then my new lawyer, I hear the thing. What the hell are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you saying? This is all for a case of speeding that a hundred. Right. You were going 90 miles an hour on the ramp. On a rim. On a rim. Right. You were rimming 90 miles an hour. Right. Yeah. From mile and a half. Right. The cop that arrest me gets arrested for robbing a church. Yeah. And they declare a mischile. Right. We go back to court with my new lawyer. The cop's at a jail. Is this the law with the jeans or with the address? This is the second lawyer. Yeah. He brings a monkey to jail to court with him. He gets thrown in jail for bringing a monkey with him. You probably read about it. No. Well, any way. Can't say that I have. Well, you missed a good thing. Yeah. Anyway, let me ask you something else about our hospital. That's good. That's boring. You know what I mean? Why did you go through all that time? That you said, let's get off it. It's boring. Of course it was boring. We just lost like 75,000 people. Why do you want more in them? You know how many fights of blood they take from me and off. But I can't imagine. And when they go to take the balance. When they go to take the 10 years. All they do is push the hype. But they don't have to be in a little drop. Come down. Why it on the slide? Yeah. Close up the slide. Take your worth of. That's all they want. That's all they want. And they drink the rest. Right. Because there are a bunch of blood suckers. Is what they are. Okay. And you two, a call is again some of you when we're really desperate. 1043 a WIO day. I mean, this thing about Mike Lions on Zayda. Does anybody really care? I mean, Mike's a nice, really boring guy with a terrible voice. But I mean, does anybody care? Like I said, the condition of radio in his town is like in the critical stages. Like an intensive care, it'd be bad, man. It is bad. We do have an open line in Broward. 524 WIO. So Pete DeSimon, our new sales is a stiff person. Is out of town on the one day when well, it'll be a good excuse. Then Jeff Clark can run around the hall and say, They're not coming. They're not coming. Tell them they shut his big fat mouth. Or as he said the last time. Where the hell is my thing here, by the way? Didn't he say in a hallway last time? Tell him to shut the. Up. Did he say that? Yeah. Tell him to shut the. He said, and then he came in here and sucked around for 20 minutes to try to recover up his tracks like he always does. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Can you name two people that were shot in the back of the head and see it? Uga and Muga. 1044 WIOD. Let's go to, I mean, that was going to be such a bad joke. Okay, the first one was like in the second one was whoever was sitting in front of P.Wee Herman. Here's Captain Mike. Hello. Captain Mike here. Yeah. What's going on? Uga Muga. Uga Muga. We're out the ocean again. No, not Uga Muga. That's disgusting. Well, we're sorry about that, but then we got one banana. Power wise. You're at home across British attack. You got one banana? Yeah, one banana. So cares. Fishings for nose picking drugs is what they have. Come on. You ought to go fish with this one. I don't want to go fishing. Fishings for Yahoo's. We call you every, we call you every Friday. We call you every Friday. Yeah. We don't work for it. So. Yeah. And I want your. Oh, you're in these shirts, business isn't that nice. How about all your people out there who desperately need your help? What is like Fridays a day off in their lives? So, there's a lot of stress in our business that we have a 1 800 number. Right. That's good. Very good. Do we up there? What? What do you up there? What does that mean? What am I up to? What kind of a ironic? An answerable question. What am I up to? Hey. I'm up to about 10.45 is what I'm up to? Hey. Here's that Hershey syrup again. I can't believe that they're doing this again. Hershey syrup on plain vanilla ice cream. We have to lunch it out. That is so goyish. God, I just can't believe it. Even the pope would be embarrassed. I'm serious. It's just, just so lacking in any kind of class or anything. No. Yeah. What do you have to lunch today? Uga Boga. 10.45 at WIOD. We have an open line on the starline. It's starioD. If you have Bellsauqua building, it of course that great out of town line. 1,800. 9,4,4,9,4,6,3. Boy, do we have some shocking developments coming up next week? But that's what I'm saying about that. Miami, hello. Good day, Neil. Good day. This is. Yes. I know you always complaining about that. But you're jobin'. Not me, sir. I have no complaints on the happiest guy in town. I'm just Mr. Happiness. Yeah. And the what you always did before our school. And I agree with you 100%. If I had a dime for every time that I wanted my ex-girlfriend to do. That's what I'm saying. Thanks. Go for it. You have a $100 million. I just told you, I said, that's what you're doing. Oh, I say. Oh, I can't take it. That's what you're doing. I can't even make it. You can't even make it. You can't even make it. Probably even during the act would never shut up. Yeah. Probably that's it. Yeah. Point that you don't know? Yeah. I remember the long drive store land though. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. I couldn't believe it. That was. That's it. I couldn't believe it. That was. That's what that guy goes on and on and on and on. That's the thing. You picked her up at Renta Yenta. Yeah, I want to call for anando. Yes. I made your pick up drug driving. Career. Mickey's big mouth drinking. Do a spag. Okay. Thank you. See you. 1046. Oh. At WIOD. We have an open line on our out of town line. Tull free of course. Boy at 1-800-944-9463. 1-0 for get tomorrow 11-1 11 anando 1pm. I'll be at Benson's in the saw grass and all the people from Sonio be there with the Sonio did this man. And we got some dolphin tickets to give away and some hurricane tickets and some, much of stuff. And fat rich will be there and animal be there and a whole, all the mission going. I'll be there. Are you photo on video enthusiast? This is the 30 year in a row. I've been telling you about something that is so humongous. So great that you don't want to miss it. It's Benson's camera and videos annual summer blowout sale. And if you ever seen it before, you know what I'm talking about because they have just tons of stuff all right out there. Everything you can imagine. Benson's Florida's number one photographic discount stores are slashing prices on everything photographic from camcorders to cameras, bigs, lenses, lights, tripods, video accessories, and much more. Factory reps from Sonio and Altopentac, Samsung and lots more will be at both Benson's stores. Demonstrating the very latest and photo and video equipment today and tomorrow. And check this out. Sonio has a new color video printer and Benson's camera video is making pictures for you from your 8mm video. Take free. So bring your 8mm video tape to Benson's today or tomorrow. They'll make you a free print in just a matter of minutes. Check out Benson's ad and today's hair. It's a big deal every summer man for people around the photography because he just can't give better deals than this. Benson's camera and videos will tensile blow out going on today and tomorrow. In date County just six blocks out for the falls on US one and in Broward right across from the Broward Mall and the Plantation Community Plaza, Benson's camera and video. Hey, man, are you doing it? Hey, if you've been riding around your lower ad, of course, if you're a bit busy, you probably feel hungry right now. So let's go on, though. Go home where you got to watch your hair. Keep your elbows on the table, say, please, and thank you. You don't gotta do it. Come see us, cause we're not your mama. The new self service Mexican resident. I'd excuse me, I'd like to conkeest the door special. Hey, man, you can't tease whatever you want. Because I ain't gonna get for you. We're not your mama. Get your mama. Seven out of the best of anything you want. As long as you're a little bit gonna make it yourself. That was great. Hey, you go on. I'm gonna go pick that up for you. Why so this is man? So for pets, match with low respect. Is I show mama? Who? You, yourself, we're not show mama. By the way, what the hell ever? I was gonna play a Yamama. Just like two, three, four, five, seven, eight, ten minutes of it, but it seemed to have disappeared. 1052 a WI-O-D. They probably pulled it out for the morning show. Let's go to Boker, hello. Me or how are you? Great. Go fire, pal. WI-O-D, the new rod is strong. I'll be seeing you, everything. That's life again. This is the Neil Rogers Wanda Toa. You got a problem with that snap ahead. Oh! I used to run for the corporation. And everything was so right. And one day, the bus sent me away. I took a cold and I, Leave you! Now I can't go or play out. I'll feel like a jerk, leave you out. Say, leave me, I'll be going to the house. Make the best of the situation. That's what the president will say. Come and support the state of sacrifice, too. For what you made it, today. Leave me, I'll be going to the house. Now I have a nice job, hey, I'll be like a frog, hey, I'll be like a frog. Say, leave me, I'll be going to the house. Make it down, please. Say, leave me, I'll be going to the house. I'll be standing in the front of the house. Say, leave me, I'll be like a frog, hey, I'll be like a frog. You got me the stew. 107, a WIO, a day, it's our mammoth gigantic and the mediocre one to two hour on a Friday. We've got Rick and the Pug coming along at two. Miami, hello. Yeah, yes, sir. Meal, I have an answer to your, your better than question. Okay, George was just axing the same question during the news. Like I'm supposed to know the answer. I haven't even seen the billboard yet. Well, I've seen it. There's one out on a flaglar in the June. I was in Europe when this ad campaign came out from Beniton. And the papers over there were talking about it because it was controversial in the sense that what they're trying to do is to promote issues. For instance, they have one picture of a guy who's dying of AIDS laying in a hospital bit. But, and this is like a riot scene somewhere in Yugoslavia or something. They're trying to show that they're aware of cultural social problems. But the controversy was the fact that they had, we're not putting captions on to tell people what the hell they were. They were just putting the pictures up and saying, look, we great that we're aware of this, but we're not really giving any money to it. We're not going to tell you what it is. Yeah. And then that's exactly what's happened. That's a profound, huh? Very true. Like what does it mean? They wanted it exactly. And I know what it meant when I saw it. I was, you know, I recognized the ad campaign, but I've had friends with me in the car. But seriously, what does that mean? We're aware of it, but are we doing anything about it? Or are we just saying, hey, we know we're a hip, we're, we read the paper. Exactly. We're watching CNN. We're publicizing ourselves to make it, to make us a better, to make you want to buy our, right? He might be socially conscious and come and buy our stuff. Precisely. Well, it was an accurate. Yeah. So that's all I mean. Well, I'm socially conscious too. Okay. So send me a lot of money. I have another thing to say. I missed this lady who called in this morning. This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, Oh, she was the all-time best. She was, she started out by, we were talking about Batman. And a couple of weeks ago, I made a comment that there are a lot of, in certain circles, it is widely believed, especially with interviews with a guy who created the cartoon, that Batman and Robin, the whole thing was like a, and that, of course, some of their homophones got all excited about it. But it, it was a, it was a campy thing, and that, he, they were like two gay, uh, switches were running around with capes and, uh, leotards on. And it was like a fantasy. It was like a gay fantasy. Yeah. And a lot of people believe that. Well, she became so incensed and said, see if that kind of stuff is what the, all them super moralists, spread around the go to start since we were comic books. And then she went from that from the discussion of Batman and Robin, which quite frankly, who, here since it's a, it's a cartoon anyway. Right. It's fiction. So you can make a mean whatever it had you wanted to. And she went from that into how come it is that I seem to think that everyone is gay, all males are gay. I said, where do you come up with that? She says, well, like Bobby Sherman, he's been married all these times and then they've had cast it. And she just got all psychotic. Well, I said, I said, or did it ever don't know you that anybody might be gay, except me and Truman Capote. And she just got all psychotic and defensive. And then she started getting upset about, uh, to her own power. One of the most notoriously gay actors in history, Hollywood. And we don't want to buy into that. Listen, when he signs out, when he finds out about how many of you and James Dean, she's got a killer self. There's no question about that. Yeah. I've got to go to the Broadway stage. No, this, if this poor bitch knows this, but Barry Martin was the biggest, dike that ever walked the stage of Broadway. Really? Absolutely Larry Hagman's mother. Oh, be damned. Oh, come on, everybody. Now let me just tell this, this poor woman, for whom I feel very bad. Yeah. I'm 25 years old. What's in his day? She can't get any. She's upset. She's got trouble. But she doesn't know is that she could be walking down the street. And I would guarantee her, uh, three out of ten people. She's looking at straight acting normal people. I'm 25. Yeah. I'm, uh, consider good looking. I'm an actor. And I am not, you know, you don't know freeway and spig it to you. Very well. No, I'm not. I'm not out. And I have a girlfriend. And I just got back from a very successful tour in Europe as a leading man of a 40 member company. Right. My parents don't know. Um, and I don't make it an issue because I want to have a career. But what this woman does know is that she's going to see me in three or four years on television some day. And she's going to go, isn't he? Nice boy. And she's not going to know the truth. And maybe it's a cop out of my part, but I would like to have a career because I want to make some money. Yeah. But you know what happens when you, you know, what happens when you say that you're gay. Right. And I'm not against it. And I'm very, very active just not out in the open. And, um, it's too bad that that people are so close minded and they think that gay people are so different. Because, uh, very sadly, you know that they're not. Yeah. And I feel bad for this woman. But that's why she's sitting there with her arrow flint pictures right now. She's very uptight. Well, she needs to get a life. Yeah. She's in a fantasy, you know, Robin Hood, Batman Robin, she's in a that's the problem. We got her blow up dolls right now. Yep. Wait till Tom Cruise comes knocking on her door. Well, listen, have a great weekend. Listen, you two, no. Five. Yeah. Twelve minutes after one at WIOD, we have an open line at Dave County 7519463 tomorrow. Be at Brandsmart in the saw grass mills from 11 in the morning till one the afternoon. And the folks from Sony will be there. And they're going to be demonstrating this amazing little gadget that is small enough to fit in the pomegranate or hand and gives you hours of pleasure and fun. It's called the Sony day to this man. It's an electronic book reader that's capable of displaying thousands of pages of text and graphics stored on a removable disk. And I've had it all week long. I'm telling you, just sit for hours and did it with it and doodle with it and have a great time. And it's the perfect gift for Father's day graduation and back to school. The Growliers in Cyclopedia is included free with every unit that you buy. And all the other disks that are available will give you like a jillion years worth of fun and all kinds of stuff to do like Roger Ebert's movie home companion and the timetable of arts and entertainment and total baseball and passports world travel translator corporations, European business guide. Corporations. Oh, that's Hoover's handbook, profiles of or 500 major corporations. Monarch notes international wine guide. They're just a whole slew of stuff for you to sit and did it with the whole reference world of stuff, right at your fingertips. So come and check it out to people from Sony will be there tomorrow. I hope they're still going to show up. And I'll be there from 11 in the morning to one of the afternoon. We'll be doing our criminal's house stuff. I'll be drawing for some dolphin tickets at Hurricane tickets. And a good time will be had by all. That's it. The Brands Mart and the Sawdras Mills 11 to one tomorrow. Oh, Rick said, Jessica Hullby. Selling him in the red, you guys oh, yeah. Selling him in the red sun, yeah. Selling him in the red sun, yeah. Selling him in the red sun, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. He says he rips their chips but he can't even ride. He says he makes a kiss, but he can't even ride You stories are killing us He keeps a job alive Now he can fix a Sally He makes a gold press I wonder if British got his hand up under her dress They're good, they're just a kid But he's so wide and tall When he's there, my camera He can't see a thing at all He's a little bit scared He's a little bit scared He's a little bit scared He's a little bit scared He's a little bit scared He's a little bit scared He's a little bit scared He's a little bit scared Maybe that's what they mean They still want to say that Rick has a feel for the news One 18 at WIOD Plantation Meal Yes sir About this Batman movie I saw last night And Get Lutz in, let's see Let's see Get an attorney And two Warner Brothers For invasion of privacy What does that mean? The penguin in this movie looks exactly like you I swear to God Really? Okay Well that's the, you know that guy is That's the Brady Punch guy We have an open line in Broward 5249463 West Palm Beach The Batman movie The Batman movie The Batman movie Gordon Petophile Get a light Get a light Thank you very much He was his word Not his pedophile 18 at WIOD Well that guy is too much You can just see like he's like in this gigantic room With all these enormous tubas And just I don't get it Let's go to Miami sure Is hellow? No Yeah Not to beat a dead horse But who is that old man think he is in the morning? The old, you mean the possum? Yeah You're my, you have a little coach I have that you should like go underneath his bag And that was bottle of vodka Yeah Yeah Yeah I'm pretty good I'm pretty good I'm pretty good I'm pretty good I'm so excited about New York How much is your turn I'm voting 10v for Howard in the morning How are you like? Now he gets a bad rap The guys in intelligent guy He knows what is going on in the community He just has the biggest director Lesbians that is all he can't help himself It has been getting raining That's what he always did It seems to work because he has a girl at Michael Weed If it is a choice between Howard and Mike Rinery There is no choice And when the lead in like I mean you are the only semblance of some type of Listenable radius What do you mean by that the only semblance that is that's got to be one of the most underhanded backsliding uh... finger uh... scratching compliments you let me tell you you're good you do amazing job with you i'll tell you the difference between you and how are you interested in it is that this is out of the morning he's in the yorks now it's he got more people on the radio been just you he can't let him morning show he's got like a zan three writers he's got boy here and he's got a lot of it and he's got uh... al louis he's a friend he's doing a show in the york or they're actually some people you might want to talk to some time for the hell in this time you want to talk to joker's and there you go but you know you can't get him on a phone either but for the but i don't think our security as well as you do by yourself on the phone exactly there you go see a little bit just but i've got to get me off this morning you know what you do in a tell it they have their telepoles like the lamest thing and one yeah they got to telepoles in the orifice challenge and the a nose picking challenge and the birthday list and i mean it's just it's incredible and what the hell is peanut a war by the way they don't think we can say it on this well i thought i got to tell you a man to get back in you know get us get the back and leave you the hell alone yeah all right now first time i call and i talk to you google google google okay there we go 21 after one a wild if it's the last thing the legacy micro-nary will even this time before how it comes into the market and takes over our morning show it's gonna be we're gonna have everybody in town saying google google hey what's wrong with that man probably we were the more intelligent things you've heard in this time in a long time we have an open line in broard five two four and our out of town line at one eight hundred nine four four and you don't think the possum shot himself in the foot this morning with that interpreted tack against yours truly in addition to which to do it in the middle of an absolute technical carnival like they were having where it's not a like that they were all like in the bermuted triangle seven thousand feet beneath the sea i mean let's get serious that was just it was amazing do we still have that cart by the way oh god if you got to play this morning and miss part of our award winning morning show out for the dude was practic and whether you're not worthy of the wild my every poor water the owner bobby oh that was it wow oh god setting new lows in the history of broad chasing twenty two after one a wild if you've got that the possum look man if you got like a skin head if it looks like somebody's come along and skint you like certain morning hosts then here for the nineties from check out for areas the way to go it's totally new concept and hair replacement it's a permanent non-surgical method that creates the look and feel of your own here and the best part of it is it matches your own hair color and texture and the reason I'm laughing is because people like sand Donaldson and cousin brucey and some of these other guys with a silly looking like mouse colored wigs forget it hair for the nineties is affordable it's priced at just 600 bucks at its fully guaranteed only check out for your he gives you that unique unconditional no risk what untie where a system for 30 days and if you are completely satisfied with the way you look and feel and smell then return it for a full refund so you have nothing to risk you're probably going to look and feel years younger and escape from that possum stage of life for a free consultation with no obligation call three seven five oh eight oh eight and date three seven five oh eight or toll free from anywhere 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 and watch for the grand opening of their Broward orifice coming any day Chuck Alfie or he's hair for the nineties I'm in the barn law looking at his bathroom agony is watching the eminence buddies do things so it can't bounce there oh my god you mean he had like a stack of plowboys he paid for it he had took nine stitches oh gee they can't sense this afternoon at two on South Florida's news traffic and weatherstays in news. Radio 610 WIOD come as you are you for doubt for their family is thought where some big college band from Uh I'm your star, my twin and I'm the host Teenage groups, major groups It's just for both sides You're the only one you're The jokes I hear, but we're not our real We're much stronger than I am The winner of our end home In the afternoon where your face downright is like that Inreation Sweet soup 127 At W-I-O-D We're good grabs It's Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha Ha ha Oh god Just one time we're going to let that go I need it Ha ha ha And that's all it would be too Oh that was just too good to believe Well he sounded convincing to me Open line in Broward 524W-O-D And we've got a set set The women collar The collar We got a set up for a congenital visit with Mike Tyson Right Or Michael Jackson Ha ha ha There's a couple of men there He was out there That's a couple of men He was out there We got a set up for a congenital visit with Mike Tyson Right or Michael Jackson. I got a sandwich request. Yeah. The Crapadation Contest. Sure. One 28 at WI would do. We have an open line in Dave County, 7519463. Let's go to a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Good. First of all, I hope you feel better now. I feel fine. I feel haven't felt as good in many many years. Yeah. I wasn't able to call you before but I just wanted to ask. Well, you were in the hospital. Did you see that guiding light to special? I was already out. Did you see it? I was so disappointed in that. I can't. There are no words to describe. I wanted to ask you because I too is very just when I was really looking forward to it. I thought it was going to be really great. Too much of they wasted most of the hour with this current with the. They are so obsessed with this damn Nick McKenry man. I'm telling him he must be sleeping with the right people. Because he's like the whole show is revolving around him. And this country that nobody ever heard of before and all of a sudden. We saw about three seconds of bird power and pop a bower. Four seconds of Rita and about two seconds of the old Alan and about a second and a half of the original. Ed and about a tenth of a second of hope and Mike and it was just had nothing to do. I mean God, they've got like 40 years worth of stuff. You think they could have sure done better than that. Yeah, I was really just. We didn't see EV. We didn't see what was her name. Oh, the pen. Oh, Amanda Amanda is crazy old mother. We didn't see anything. Well, Amanda was in that wedding scene. But they showed. Yeah, for like a tenth of a second. Yeah, right exactly. No, I thought it was way too current. Terrible. Just off. Yeah, they didn't even have a lot of the old people on day. People that run, you know, like Victor from heaven and the restlessness on. Right. Yeah, what was that all about? They had people from other soaps. They had many of the people who were doing this. They were making all kinds of cutesy comments about this. So that didn't make any sense. Yeah, they should've tried to get Josh on there. Right. And while they had read them, but Kevin date will be soon gotten Kevin Bacon. What about, well, he was on for two seconds. What about his mother Sarah? Yeah. We didn't see Sarah. There's a lot of people, I wanted to ask you because I was a bit or disappointment. It was really bad. Let's have been make a better one. Yeah, someday after next 40 years. Before I get up the phone, again I want to wish you Again, I want to wish you a good health. Thank you. And I would like to call Thomas Falco in a douche bag and say, that he doesn't the brute and Larry. OK. All right. See ya. Bye-bye. 1.31 a WIOD Rick and Spud from 2 to 6 this afternoon. The last great hope for AM radio after a two o'clock. I don't know what that means, but it's not a kind of interesting. Let's do a Fort Lauderdale on the Sterline. Hello. Wait, they thought it? Yeah. How you doing? OK. Feeling better right here. I'm doing great. Yeah. I'm doing great. Good question for you. OK. What happened to your best friend, Stan the Man? My best friend, Stan the Man? Yeah. Why are we certainly elevated his status, haven't we? Stan the Man is doing like a overnight show on. Like about what do they call it? The Sun Network or something out of Tampa? Oh, is that right? And he's on about 45, 50, 60 stations around a country, not any down here because they know him too well here. But I mean, he's doing OK. Oh, that's good. I don't even hear anything. I speak to Stan. Yes, I do. I absolutely do. Yeah. I hate you to call you from time to time. I haven't heard him in a while either. Yeah. Also, did I just hear a few minutes back? You do a hear commercial? Yes. Come on. What is wrong with this picture? What does that mean? Well, what about credibility or does the county more? You don't understand. My clothes. I don't have a lot of hair, but I'm not interested in that. I'm an old fart. I'm a faddleed fart. But there are a lot of people out there including younger guys who are not interested in walking around like a cubal. I mean, I'm not be loaded with hair, but I shouldn't have the micro-nary look. I'll take it there. This is very true. This is very true. Oh, my friend, take care of yourself. OK. I mean, I might be doing a proctologist spot someday pretty soon too, but you don't have to take it personally, sir. 132 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Sterl line at Sterl, I, O, D, and one on the other town line at what is that number? 1,800, you know what it is. You know all the numbers by now. So don't play games with us. OK. We're tired of you. Miami. Hello. The Morgan Mulga. Hey, yeah. How is that? Is it Mugabuga? Either way. It's acceptable. The panza which phase the moon is in. Yep. Hey, how was that Maya? Yeah. All right. Another thing also. You imagine the numbers we could get with Howard Stern on the station in the morning. God. You didn't even need Howard. So just getting rid of Mike. We're both the ratings. I mean, just having like a beep for the emergency. This is an emergency. How about if you just have like a, how about if we had an electronic voice doing the birth they list? Yeah. So I remember. Yes. I remember. I mean, you know, for the next three and a half hour before I was just on your hearing. It's not an actual emergency. Just put a beep in your ratings. I'll be higher. Yeah. OK. Neal. That bitch. The color of your remember. Yes. I remember. I mean, you want to head the love affair with Terone Power. Yeah. She don't want to believe. I got some names for her. How about Christian ladener. Danny Ferry. Scotty Pippin. And Goldberg. They are Lou brothers. You know, I can, I can keep going on forever. Yeah. I guess Mike Chersesky also. Right. Danny, age. Right. Bob Koozy. This guy. What do you call this guy Jimmy Suffalo? Right. You can just go off for a video. Tony Siggretto. And go. By the way, my other. Other hate Tony Siggretto. Like, poison. I forgot to tell you that. She just despises Tony Siggretto. Yeah. OK. And you. And you too. Oh, I got another one. Yeah. Oh, my. Another guy. I got another list of Willy. My friend from all of y'all. Are we starting? OK. Well, whatever you say. 26 till 2 at WIO day. That's 134 in English. We have an open line in day 7519463751 WIO day. Oh, God. This Jeff from PizzaLoft, the man is wearing me out. God. He is actually literally wearing me out. Now, this coming Wednesday night. It's the Jeff Cohen birthday party. The birthday bash. And you're invited to the pizza trough upstairs at 69th of flag. And remind me, just east of the Pometo. Spressway. 5 to 10 p.m. I'll be there peddling all our Camille's house stuff. And we'll have a snap. A half price. So you can drown your sorrows in gallons and gallons of snap. The wash down at great pizza and a word. Butting lasagna and stuff. Chels and manacotti and baked. See the night plan. Parmesan and all the other great. Tide. PizzaLoft. They've been doing it better than anybody for 17 years plus now up there. And don't forget the date. This coming Wednesday, June 24th, 5 to 10 in the p.m. Come on up and say hi and bring Jeff lots of gifts and bring lots of money and bring a hearty appetite. It's going to be great. That's the pizzaLoft upstairs at 69th in flag. They're called 2665111 and don't forget the summertime special at the trough. Mondays and Tuesdays only in the New Rogers dining room. If you buy any on-trade the regular price. Get a second on-trade for half price. At the world famous pain in the groin pizzaLoft. The attendance expressed from this program. I'm not necessarily those of 610 WIMB response. Hi. 610 WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. 610 WIMB. WIMB. 610 WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. WIMB. Trump. You'll agree. U relaxation. Who'd youate the WIMB. Tr Economic Executive Director. If it comes, everything gets erased. Tell the school to fight your team as a legal developer. If it came, it fixed a bad result. You won't see. I came under that situation. It's my protest of hot family, that's not my thing. I won't see anything if it stays like that. But for 3 months. as well. 21 till 2 at WIOD, something about young girls in the morning crew. We have an open line in Dave County, 751 WIOD. That was from across the way, and I have no idea what Ellie was talking about. I think that might make two of us. Too much smoke and the carpeting in that casino pile, I think that's what my do it. Sunrise. Okay, have a nice day too. Daniel. Daniel. Okay, that's three for three. Let's go for four. Let's do east Everglades, what the hell is that? Okay, how about North Miami? Is this on? Is this on? Yeah, it's starting to give me a complex. Maybe you have complex on how do you think I think we're at that point again, what somebody started to dittle with our phone lines to or I think that's exactly what's going on. Well, I don't think anybody from the morning crew could do it because they're all too, uh, blocked by the police. The word, yeah. Yeah, I heard that worked the mid-dite shift. So I hear all this ca-ca, like more importantly, at 530, if he's awake, it's sitting there. The mutual sucking around that goes on in the morning, right? Uh, they're all over the hill. They're all washed up. It's like a home for wayward old. I didn't realize that they're so insecure that they all sit around in the morning every morning on a station to try to convince themselves. You know, I really was distraught that broke their back was when they did the 93 to 10 crap and try to give me to do that to save their flagging numbers in the morning. Yeah, let me ask you questions. Their numbers are in the toilet for 930 to 10. 9 to 10, yeah. Okay, you take the back, take the 93 to our for a while. Yes, sure. Build them back up for a while. No, I'm not, I'm not building waiting back now. I do 10 to two. This is what happened, though. I say, you give them back to 930 to 10 half hour. Yeah. And they bring back office challenge. Yeah, that's the best they can. I mean, is there any, will for any one and you wonder why they can't get a number in that night to 10 hour. The first, I don't understand, to me, they could go out on Kennedy caused way and fire a homeless person. Right. Three USA today birthday or just say, Uga Muga, right? And they just lower the rate. I sense he gets about three minutes every hour to say something because the format, I mean, he's easily replaced. Okay, possibly with a test pattern. Even we need a weather bird. Yeah. He's fulfilling no purpose of the breeding oxygen. Okay. And I think he's overstayed as welcome now. Really, I was pretty any a little longer. He's a sport. Huh? Getting a little testy here. Yeah. I was really annoyed because, you know, you'll erase my radios on six tenes because I listen to Neil. Yeah. And well, they can't handle that. That morning crew, they've been here for 100 years on challenge. They just been going through that whatever it is they do and pick in their nose and, you know, getting a lot of free wine and crawling around their hands and knees. And that's, it's just been that way. And I guess that suddenly when at nine thirty to ten thing happened, it was like a shock to their system. Like you mean, we're not cutting the mustard, we're not cutting the D. John here anymore. Well, it sounds to me like you was out on the boat this morning and I think Mike, he was feeling his own. Well, don't forget Roger. Now, okay. You see, Roger is the O. John provocative tour. And my Rogers across the waterway like that far this and away. And all of a sudden, he starts getting real playful. You know, I'm saying like when you can't look him in the face, he can't give you that little backhanded still coming back. Don't you get the feeling Rogers putting a position of having to resuscitate a dead talent? No, I think Roger is a partly responsible quite frankly, but that's another story for another day. Well, I don't know. I hate to think of that. But I blame Reneri. Keep in mind that's Roger who's responsible for no, no, no, just keep that in mind. Okay. Just keep saying that to yourself. Hi, well, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay. 143 at WID, speaking of needing resuscitation, look at all of a sudden, man, we were just smoke it along and then we hit that little glitch. When we had three or four in a row there and the phones are just just dropped off like like a new Rick Rally was in a building or something. Nice, call with that Pat Curry yesterday. Boy, she a pleasant person. God. What a bitch. Oh, what do you just go back to your college and I'll go back to my business here and just leave me alone. Oh, man, perfect, son, Sentinel employee. I mean, she fits it over there like a glove. Broward lines are wide open folks. 5249463 524 Ooga, Booga. I think we just ran into that brick wall. There's a mobile in Miami. Okay. Okay. What's the name of a home of public? I was like giving him to take off one day and I saw my neighbors kid running on a block toward the school. So I guess we'll got must be late. I get my truck and I go by and say, hey, I'll give you a high to school. Yeah. This is no, no, no, thank you. I just, well, you know, I'm your neighbor. Been there for 12 years. Yeah. He says, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I can't help. I can't help. I'll give you a call. I saw his mother there the day. I said something about, you know, the boys, wait, but late late for school trying to get ready. So we got older. He thought to go with anybody. Right. And I thought, then I've been your neighbor for 12 years. I mean, you know, I got, you know, I mean, oh, Neil, what are we doing? Yeah. That's why you have to consider getting that I don't just Miami or all these worlds city, but 20 people are in my stomach, but just get kind of nutsy. Too many John Wayne Gacy. Listen, how many can we get? See you. Fuck you. God, what is he talking? I wonder if she wanted to go with him. 145 at WIOD in open light and date county, 7519463, 751 is a mobile in what? Chrome. Welcome, Olga. Yeah. I'm the leader, right? You just get off the raft or what? Boy, I'll tell you what, it's exciting. I'll tell you. That morning show doesn't for me every morning. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you one thing. If you haven't had a good VM in 20 30 years, it's right up your alley, Sally. You know, let me tell you how pathetic it is. It's so pathetic that I listen to norm until night o'clock. Oh, I'll admit I listen to week's hours for an hour. How do you like that? God. How sick is that? Talk about making a human sacrifice. How sad for that? That is this. I listen to week's hours for one hour to your man. Forget about leave, father. The fact that you can listen to norm for more than ten minutes of time, you know, you're just trying to be a baseball player and trying to talk to those 900 year old people about his 87 restaurant. How long? No, I mean, this is, this is for Laurence again. No, I mean, can I talk about what happened to my dog? God. But, uh, then the scary part of it is that norm takes it seriously. There's nothing I can seem to be able to say to him to make him understand that it's like, uh, it's just like on the very outer limits of broadcasting, like right just touching the edges of reality. Yeah, but you know what? It's better than what you got in the morning. Well, it really is. It's, uh, you know, and you know the funny thing about it. I mean, let's get serious. I think, you know, Mike might get tired of it, but how about what you know? Yeah. Because all this crap in the news, 57 times. Well, it's so tightly structured, man. If somebody, uh, you know, passes the lexter gas, it's just, uh, that's it. All of a sudden, your blanket, you realize you're like two birthdays behind. Exactly. Right. Okay. Good luck. Remember, no, no, no, no, no, no. Uga Muga. 146. That's almost as good as, oh, chill, do, oh, chill. See, without Rogers, you know what it reminds me of, I've remember Roger put that one best of Neil tape together the hell, those corny sound. I'm buying, buying, doing it. And that's, uh, that's Roger's mentality. That's his level of humor. It's the, uh, Ocho to Ocho, Uga Mugamentality. And there's just, uh, not going to change any time soon. But he does smile when it looks you when he eyes. Don't touch bad dial. Coming up this afternoon or two, it's Rick Riley and the sun's cold. I'm going this day and for Rick and Sir. Someone you are your team. I think your radio station is very crappy. 151 at WIOD, a mobile in Miami. Hey, even here. How you doing? Okay. Let's have a join in show. We're nearly too boring to talk about. Yeah. Why are we wasting so much time on new rebooted day? I think we're going to be doing this. See, like he opened up a hornets nest today, sir. I can't stand it. Yeah. Please listen to him. You mentioned a dog food. A guy ready to drink. Cherry coconut cancer. That's the one. Any day that anniversary's coming back. 20th birthday. Cherry coconut can. Wither without caffeine. I'm blue. Yeah. Come and get it. Come and get it. That's it. Appreciate it. I'm going to ask man. It's up Tonya. Even you'll like it. Have a good one. Appreciate it. Okay. 252 a Wio. The fact somebody on how was it told me that they tried coming get it and that was at a call we had on the air. And within eight days, their dog didn't have any more fleas and their skin was like smooth and their coat was like beautiful. Their dogs were like laughing. Their private parts and it was just incredible. So if you want a nice friendly obedient dog like that woman at Cod earlier, that's real lonely. Hey, there's a start. For a lot of nail. Hello. AnyLite dog. Pretty good. Looks like a little pig report for you. Yes. The pigs in the sky. The pigs in the sky. And they're there. I drive us to Lakeland every week. They got me twice. They had like 30 cop cars out there stopping everybody. They got me doing a 71 and a 65. Well that's not bad when they're doing 95 on their way home through residential neighborhood. Unbelievable. I asked the guys to catch you in the abrake. You know, he says you got to rate it. Can't do it, pal. He can't do it. He works. Yeah. Whenever anyone's going by poor thing, lose. Don't speak. Okay. And one other thing, yeah. Yeah. Rick and Sada enjoy their show, but their whole show is like your 930 to 10. It's either a commercial, traffic, or weather break. Right. I think it is them. Give them a show. Luson up a little bit. Stop just because all they want to do is horror the radio station. Don't you understand these companies? All they want is to squeeze as much money out of it as it's like trying to squeeze blood out of a dish rag. That's why I don't know. You don't know what I'm doing. Damn right. And it's miserable. And we'll be right back after these words. Okay. 153. I got news for us. Although when I first came here, this even this day part was structured like a nightmare. They had breaks. They ran five minutes. We had Rick Weaver picking his nose at the middle of the noon. Now we had Paul Harvey on for 50. It was like a day mirror. It was pathetic. Because what the people in this station know about formatting around anything is like nonexistent. What they know about anything. Oh, there he goes. I managed. But again, though. Did you hear Disney's grandma calling this morning on that telepoll? What up? Jeez. Lady and Fort Lutterdale. Meow. Yes. This is when I called you the other day. Hi, Lynn. How you doing? Pretty good. I'm feeling very well. Thank you so much, Lynn. I feel it pretty good. That's great. I'm going to see you tomorrow at Sagras, no from my mind. Great. The brands martin, Sagras 11 to one. You'll see Adam there. Adam will give you a little squeeze in a hug. Okay. In fact, Adam is must looking on this girl from England that they had. I'd hear they used to do Rick and Suss. And he's going to pick her up at the airport in Orlando and give her a ride and bring her back as well. That's sweet. Yeah. That's real quick. But see you tomorrow at Sagras, no tomorrow with your book. Great. All right. Okay. Thanks, bye. Violin. I've heard that. You're such a lutch. You're so, you know, just reaching out for all these. Anything with a skirt on, man. Here's Daniel. Neil. Yes. I have a quick quick something to read to you. I've been students in a piscobal high school in Texas. The Florida were suspended for quote, considering trying drugs. What we thought they were thinking of. They were thinking about it. The thought police said was right. Unbelievable. They were thinking about it. The police said, well, master said quote, Elvin D. Cash was his name. Well, we felt they were close enough to the edge of the water. I gave him a fair morning. Yeah. Oh, yes. So leave a book. And I bet you they're very grateful for it, too. I'm going to be doing next. That's Nick I earlier that said that.