Who's talk radio? 610 WIOD presents the Neo Rogers Show. The current touch and talk with Neo dial 751 WIOD from day. In Broward it's 524WIOD outside the Neo Pi Barrier Code. Don't free 1-800-944 WIOD. And those hot mobility passengers make a free ride. By dialing star IOD, the opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neo Rogers on News Talk Radio. 610 WIOD. It might not be as bad as everyone said. Springtime is here, so I'm cleaning my kitchen. I have to mop on the my face a day. I sweep up big dust balls in a couple of magas. I'm always grossed out by the things under there. The more that I clean, the more stuff it gets weeded up. My grandma's old inches, some green pizza curls. A lot of the hamsters that I lost with back in the 60s. He's decomposing and he's turning to dust. And now the one cleaned down there. It's time to get a maid. Got you by some rubber gloves. So my hands don't smell that way. And I don't want to clean down there. You come to books my way. Come and I may begin loud. I hear the old kisses. Here's the loud sound. We like to think yourself drunk the full of air. There's no words from town. There's the loud sound. We like to think yourself drunk the full of air. There's no words from town. Here's his word. Not his pedophile. 1007 at WIOD Happy Monday, man. Hallelujah. Oh, God. That's all I can say. No, God. Right. Amen. Let's all just sit around and pray a while. How to hell that I make it. How am I here? And like the whole room is spinning. I'm going to be in the room. Where do I start? Where do I start? Who the hell needs calls? Who the hell needs anything? All we do have a mobile and a four-laterdale? Welcome back. Could you like to be our first call on our my the day of my first day on my black and blue wedding? Welcome back. Yeah. I got a black and blue spot the size of Montana. Like our right side. Right? Am I all right? Yeah, you took it easy at home. Am I all right compared to what? Compared to like Elvis? Yeah, I feel better than he does. That's great. I just wanted to welcome you back. We all make sure the 10,000. Thank you so much. And we're glad to have you back. And have a great day. Thank you. Bye-bye. Wasn't that nice, huh? Speaking nice. Thanks to the people who took it to Fensteem. Send me a nice plant. Randy Maltosh and all those guys. People have called a race course. Send me a beautiful plant. The people at Pompano Park sent me a huge fruit basket from exotic gardens. And the people at the exotic gardens got so excited about that. The drivers and the other people over there sent me a plant. A really nice one too, which I appreciate. So thanks to exotic gardens. And who might leave it out? See, I shouldn't have started doing this. I shouldn't have started doing this. Um, oh, this is embarrassing because they were like a whole bunch of crap. I mean, nice stuff. Oh, oh, geez. This is bad because I'm going to leave out about three or four people at the took the time to send me plants and stuff. I mentioned colder, right? Who did I leave out? I should have made a little list. Should I? Crap. Well, I didn't look up and down the log here. Maybe it'll recindle some memories. Then I'll point out the ones who didn't say anything. Haha. Oh, yeah. Thanks a lot to those people who didn't do a damn thing. Like, of course, I could mention the management of this radio station. I don't want to mention them. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Yeah. Not a card, not a call, not a letter, not a... Flower, not a pansy, not a... anything. Nothing. Are you alive? Are is there anything we can do? Nothing. Zero. Zippity. Do-da. Nothing. I know that most of you feel that I'm making it up that nobody in the audience can believe. Such heartless and myless, because I went through hell. I mean, this has been a rough ten days. Everybody thought, hey, it's a piece of cake. We heard that fat rich, yeah. Yeah. The only piece of cake that he was involved with is the one that they removed that they thought was his gobladder, which was a gigantic piece of that double chocolate cheesecake that he ate in a way home in a car couple years ago. And by the way, rich, I have real exciting news for. I was thinking about it over the weekend. The black and blue, of course, takes several days when you're fat, to raise to the surface, to the skin, so that you actually see it. So my doctor was explained to me over the weekend that it did. There's about three inches of fat on me that has to... So it was like a delayed reaction several days after the surgery. All of a sudden, you start getting this gigantic black and blue, where you lost all this blood. So reaching about six months, man, you're going to be like, one huge, a black and blue whale. They can put you in a aquarium, baby. You're going to look great. I know I left somebody out. Damn, I mentioned ticket defense team. And there were some other sponsors who sent plants because I had like about a half of dozen at least plants and the nice thing from Pompano Park and Colter. And I keep mentioning the same ones over and over again. Because I can't remember who the other ones were. Damn it. God is that embarrassing. Huh? But I should do remember who the ones who were conspicuous by their absence, where you know what I'm saying? Like, 610 WIOD Cox Enterprises with their 5.2 billion dollars. I mean, I talked to George and Cheryl a couple of times, but that was like personal, basically. I mean, that wasn't... that wasn't business. Nothing. Not as dirt. Like anything we can do. And thank God that Rick Riley let me on the earlast. What day was that? Was it Monday? When I was screaming, I'm never going to get out of here alive. See, that was people think that that they must think that that was like a joke. Okay. It wasn't a joke. It was not a joke. I believed at that point that I would never see the outside again. It was like somebody in Auschwitz getting a phone line. Please, let me speak to anybody. Okay, put me on the air. Oh yes. Even their show. Anything. Oh, how did I get out of there? Had it practically fight my way out. Let me just give a word of advice because I have lots to say today. Okay. Let me give a word of advice to everybody. Any age in this audience do never ever go into any hospital alone. Bring the doctor Bob Mendelssohn, may he rest in peace. Used to say this all the time. Bring somebody with you, preferably somebody big and pushy like fat rich or somebody like that. Somebody with a big mouth. Somebody will practically stand guard around the clock at your door to save your life. You can fight your battles for you and to prevent them from just totally doing whatever they want to. Man, they could, they took it up blood out of me. They could have a blood bank over there. They should be a plaque on the wall at Mount Sinai. The Neorodjer's blood bank. I'm sure they could have filled a bathtub with blood. And in the meantime they're saying, Oh, your blood counts, you're low. I can't understand why. No, I can't either. Okay. Take here. Have another gallon. Here you go. Oh, God. They had dig broad needles in the size of Vermont. You can have filled up. I thought they were like serving to made a juice. And both of the food don't give me started on that. The best gourmet cuisine. Yeah. God. Hey attention. I'll Toyota Honda and Nissan owners. How'd you like to get full sticker price for your old car? When you can, when you buy a new 92 Toyota only at Toyota of Hollywood. It's true. Toyota Hollywood is offering sticker price trading. On all 85 to 91 Toyota's Honda's and Nissan's. CA sales person for details. Just run around inside. So are you a sales person? And some of them might even admit it. And check out these exciting low prices available right now. The all purpose preview of and fully loaded. Just 17.769 popular Corolla's from just 98 88. Sporty economical little Turcels from just 64 95. Hardworking 4 by 4 starting at just 11,566. Or the luxurious beautiful all new 92. Camry from just 14,185 at Toyota of Hollywood. Again, all you Toyota Honda and Nissan owners. Take advantage of this incredible sticker price trading offer only at Toyota of Hollywood. On 441 between tapped and Sheridan streets in Hollywood. Open late every night for your spending convenience. The opinions expressed in this program. I'm not going to be the only 6kWL. I'm going to be the only 5kWL. 1060 to WIOD. So I opened up my Sun Sentinel the first day I get home last Tuesday after I had fought my way out and screamed and demanded freedom from outside our hospital. And the first thing I see in Tuesday morning Sun Sentels in article about the excessive mortality rate in many of our nation's hospitals, including Jackson here in town by the way. And that people are dying like flies and hospitals kind of a shock to me. Yeah. And then yesterday morning I opened up the Sun Sentinel and what does the headline say on page 3A? Oh, I did that wrong. What does the headline say on page 3A? Surgeons botched new technique it says. Really shock the crap out of me. Complications arise from procedure. By the way, before I get into this, I do want to say this. Dr. Harold Unger and his son Stephen the younger. The other ones who did my surgery, they're the best. They're the best in the country at this. He's done over 400 of these. Thank God. Lot of practice. So he's the best. Now if he's the best in he did this and I came out looking like this, what's going to happen if I would have had the worst? You're great, Harold. I love you. Okay. You're just tremendous. But the thing is when you go in, they tell you nothing. They tell you nothing. And let me just tell you this. I don't want anybody to get scared. I want anybody to get scared. Crappless is what I want you to get. Before you go into a hospital, let them play with your body. That's what I want you to get psychotic. I want you to ask questions that haven't been invented yet. Because they tell you absolutely nothing. Oh yeah, piece of cake for a little thing. Now I've got a whip that baby out sure. Piece of cake. Uh-huh. Full of crap. Just from the anesthesia alone, you can croak. Seriously, there's some people who just have violent reactions. Anasthesia, general anesthesia is like a major, major. Even if you have no surgery at all. I don't want to go into a big thing. A doctor show here today, but I will. I will. Because I have never felt so strongly about anything in my life. Which I have left here at this point by life. But there were many times in the last week I thought not. They were going to bring it instead of the best of meal. The rest of meal is what they were going to bring in. Like in little box. I mean the things that go on and then they start coming in and scaring the daylights out of you. And ah geez, you might get pneumonia. Of course, I was in a rumor. It was like 500 below zero. It was blowing a geol like a wind tunnel from the ceiling. They bring the technicians, no speaker in glaze. They bring them on a ladder three o'clock in the morning. They're up there, patchking around on the ceiling. He pulls a big towel out of this thing. Somebody had shoved a towel up in his damn vet on the ceiling. Like a huge beach towel. Because the wind was blowing out there 100 miles an hour. But hey, you can't take deep breaths because it hurts every time you breathe after the surgery. So you better get up and move around. Because otherwise you're going to get pneumonia. But the fact that we got at 100 below zero in here and we can't stop the wind. A little don't bother us. Don't be a nitpicker. Okay. Don't be a trouble maker now. Oh, if I started now, it would be midnight. Not today. Midnight like Thursday by the time I finished with a story of everything in this experience. You cannot believe it. You can't imagine. And you're wildest nightmares all of the things that go on. And then you tell the nerd how can anybody sleep on those beds? And the nurse says, oh, nobody sleeps in here. You can't sleep on that bed. On the only time you ever fall asleep in a hospital is when you are so physically worn out. And so exhausted and you've lost so much blood and nutrients because the food nobody can touch. My dog would laugh at it. When you're just so tall, you just collapse. And then you wake up in this bizarre position. And you know what I think? How to help? Can I ever fall asleep like this? Only because you're so exhausted. The hospital is not a place to heal. It's not a place to get better. It's not a place where it's a place to die. It's a place to catch everything that's ever been invented. And some germs and diseases that nobody can even identify it. That's what a hospital is. So anyway, the story says, surgeons, bots, new technique. Kind of caught my eye. Complication's arise from procedure to remove gallbladder. And it says, New York, New York Times, surgeons who rushed to use a new technique to remove gallbladder without adequate training have botched many procedures. New York State Health officials and surgical experts say. Since August of 1990, at least seven patients have died. And a hundred eighty five others have suffered serious or life threatening complications from the procedure. And gallbladder surgery at ninety nine of New York states two hundred four. This is just in New York. Complications are being reported to the Department of the rate of three or four each week. Some patients have blood to that. And others have needed several additional operations to repair and reconstruct organs and tissues damaged in the surgery. Our frequent injury is to the common bi-old duct, the vital tube through which bile flows to the owl to aid digestion. And other patients, the bowel and urinary bladder were injured. To reduce the hazards, the health department issued guidelines on Friday, specifying the surgeons must perform at least 15 laparoscopies under supervision before a hospital may issue credentials permitting them to perform the operation independently. That's settler and so on. The operation, this is the best the last paragraph, the best part. The operation is often called band aid surgery because it leaves a smaller scar than the traditional operation. And of course, by calling it band aid surgery, it kind of in your mind minimizes the idea that this is serious potentially life-threatening surgery. Right, of course, just to piece a cake, sure. Here, let's just put like four bullet holes in your abdomen. You'll feel great in a couple of days, man. No problem at all. God. Ten twenty two at WIO day. I can't really believe that I'm sitting here. I just cannot believe it. A week ago today, I would have bit anything that they would have had like just body parts scattered around the building. Out by the WIO snooze tombstone out there in the front. There just no way. Anyway, let me tell you about a little gizmo that's really exciting called the Sony day to Discman, an electronic book reader that's capable of displaying thousands of pages of text and graphics stored on a removable disc. And the unit is small enough to fit in the palm of your hand. Believe me when I tell you, and remarkably easy to use as well. In fact, George has been a twang with this one all weekend log. He's been playing with it. And looks worn out. The Sony day to Discman enables you to access an entire library worth of information right on the top of your desk or in your briefcase. And the day to Discman is a reference source that puts a world of information right at your fingertips. Just a few of the titles available right now, the dictionary of American slang international wine guide Henry. World travel translator, girl yours in cyclopedia that comes free with every unit that you buy Roger Ebert's movie home companion total baseball sporting news baseball guide register. And the Hoover's handbook profiles of over 500 major corporations European business guide and lots lots more. The Sony day to Discman is a learning tool for school for business and pleasure. A whole world of information that can fit right in the palm of your hand in your pocket or your briefcase. So see a Sony day to Discman today at your nearest Brands Mart location. And I'll say it again. The Grolliers and Cyclopedia is included free with every unit that you buy. It's the perfect gift for Father's day graduation and back to school. And this Saturday June 20th come and check it out because I'll be at Brands Mart in saw grass mills from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. this Saturday June 20th. The Brands Mart check it out the Sony data Discman. The Swiss Postly spontaneous guys really need to hook up wireless mics and strap the bartenders down. Hold on just a second. Well, first it is a bit of you, man. Okay. Oh, we can hear you good Marvin. Hey Marvin. Okay. We got a shot of fellow, Masha, Aquarvo Gold. Okay. Now you need to get a shot of colloah. Alright. Let's fly to colloah. Oh, drinko, and fulfill all of this. Oh, we're a square of 50. Oh, we got a square of 50. Oh, man. Hey, make that two colloah. Here we can set this Monday afternoon on South Florida's news traffic and weather station. News talk ready-o-610-WI-O-D. Don't touch that dial. I got a number of this afternoon at two. It's Rick Briley in the Subskoman. Join us then for Rick and Sus. When I just remember one of the people I left out, Peter had absolutely traveled. They said a beautiful plant. Thank you so much, profusely. And I'm sure there were a couple of others that I left out. Okay. There's only one thing I want to say before I take this next call and that is- I'll tell you what that call you made Monday. You sounded scared, crap. Scared isn't the- that's the understatement of the century. I was hoping- remember when Lee Harvey Oswell, you remember the thing where he was saying, I'm requesting somebody to come forward and give me legal assistance like he was like alone and desperate and anybody just somebody anywhere come forward and help my ass out of this because I'm a taxi. Right. Right. And that's how I felt. Now, now how I felt how I was. Yeah. You can't- Well, you're of course calling to say that I told you so. You're right. I should have- In retrospect, if I would have drank the olive oil and the lemon juice, the worst it could have happened would have been a couple of bad VMs. Okay. I mean, that would have been the worst. Well, anyway. I mean, at least people will learn least will be somebody out there that will do it the right way. Because of all that. Or at least check it out. Yeah. Check it out. They don't give you a chance to ask anything. Okay. They have the pre-op the day before. Yeah. And you go in and they make a little scratch on your arm. Okay. You're not listening. I'm listening. They make a little scratch on your arm to check the bleeding time how fast you heal. Yeah. And it's supposed to be between three and nine minutes, three being the fastest and nine being the slowest acceptable if you're going to undergo surgery. Nine minutes is- you know how mine was? Nine minutes. Because I'm diabetic. I'm a very slow healer. People would die of be these heal very slow. So, huh? Did they question her? Well, they say, hey, it's close to the, yeah, 20 minutes. It's close enough to us. It's close enough to nine. 11. Whatever was nine minutes. Yeah. What kicked me in the butt is, do you remember the call from the surgeon who agreed that it would work in 85% of the case? The olive oil, right? You know, also. And as it turns out, because I didn't hear it, but my mother who spent two days at my house, which I didn't want to talk about. But my mother was told me that somebody called on a Rick and Spud, somebody who was part of the operating thing at the hospital. And they said, some kid. He said that the kneels go, but it was like a white hot. And that it had a bunch of small, like a couple hundred wheel, small stones that were about the size of tomato seeds. Well, tomato seeds are very small. Yeah. So it seemed to see my concern with the olive oil is that it was afraid of having to take one. Big ones in that I get what lodged in there and go, you know, and of course if it gets lodged, your gallbladder blows up like a balloon. Yeah. Like deadly. Well, they replayed the call that we talked about the 4 inch tank in the 2 inch 12. Right. Well, it would all came out the end anyway. Yeah. But I'm glad you're all right. I'm telling you, this is just I can't describe it. I just can't believe that I survived this thing. I mean, everything from the if you could have seen, I wish we could have a live studio audience. Alex Benaud would have been proud of when these two guys from the pulmonary unit come in. These two clowns. And they made a speech. My nurse almost passed out on the floor. She got so frightened from the speech about how they'd take it in X-ray. Okay. Yeah. And they found like two little tiny marks on my lungs. Well, my doctor, Dr. Unger, who like I said, if I would listen to him the whole time, I'd have been a great shape because he's the only one who know what they're like. He was talking about, but you can't just have one doctor. You got like 85 different doctors. Okay. And they come in and they make a speech about what, you know, the surgery, you get blood and the thing, he gets loose in your legs and then a blood clots and they can come into your lungs. And they made this alarming thing about pulmonary embolisms and how dangerous they are. And of course, that's not going to affect your blood pressure, right? Now listen to me. Go. They then, then they start talking about angiograms. I said, listen, even a moron like me knows what that is. There ain't no way I'm going to go into angiogram. So they, well, the first thing we do is called a lung scan. Okay. So they take me down. I want you to listen to this very carefully. Okay. Yeah. Anybody in this audience, if anyone ever says they're going to do a lung scan on your body, call the police call the FBI, call everybody you know and run some serious. And run out of their screaming and yelling, they're trying to kill me. Okay. They take me downstairs. They lie my fat body on the floor. I'm trying to picture this. Were you in a blue smock? Yeah. Yeah. Blue smock. I mean, one of those hospital gowns. That's the first thing they do is make sure you're running around almost naked so that you feel totally different. They do. They've drawn up the crack here. Right. Exactly. So they take me down and lie me on his slab and they take, I'm telling you, I know I saw Mangle was one of the name of the doctors in this room. I'm serious. And they take a hood like an SNM thing and they strap it around your head. So I'm serious. So tight that it feels like your head is going to explode. Okay. I'm making this up. You're laughing. I'm serious. They then take the mouthpiece, which is like a breathing thing from from oxygen. Right. And they put that over your mouth. Right. And then they say, don't worry about it. Are you clots or clots? Well, I found out I was. They said, don't worry about it. This is pure oxygen. Just take deep breaths. Okay. Thank you so much, Sunny. Just sense a nice stuff. Thank you, sir. So anyway, then they tell you breathe. Well, after the first 30 seconds, you don't feel like you are breathing. Even though they tell you, they give you a story while it's pure oxygen. You don't feel like you're breathing. You feel like you're smothering. I mean smothering and this thing on your head is so tight. And I just reached up and grabbed it off my head. I couldn't stand it. I thought I was going to lose my mind. Oh no. I'm not yet. Not yet. Just keep breathing. Okay. What's something want you to see? And so we know it's not that you can't see. You can see. But this thing is strapped from like your forehead around to the back of your head. You can see. It's just that you can't breathe that's all. And that your head is exploding. So now he puts it back. Then he puts it back on there again. And for about another 40 seconds to a minute. I guess I finally lasted long enough to get it done. And then I reached up. I just pulled it off again. I said, no, I just then they take the thing and they put it over your head to take pictures of your lungs with some other thing. And they lower it to the point where it's just about touching your body like an MRI or something like that. And now you're lying there and you've just gone through this other real constrictive claustrophobic experience and you've just finished. And now that takes forever and they inject course you got the little IV thing conveniently on your wrist. So anybody comes up. Oh, here. Let me stick some stuff in there. Okay, you don't have any idea what they're sticking in the IV. Oh, here. Let me put the needle in there and your liner to take. So the best part of the whole deal is then after this, they take me in for ultrasound of my legs to check for blood clots. Which ultrasound is fine. It's like they do on a gallbladder. That's that's that is a piece of cake. That's painless. And the two women are in there and they're looking in and fine. No problem at all. There's squeeze in my legs. You see the blood is there's no blood clots in there. So I'm lying there. And now these two SNM pulmonary guys come in. Oh, man. The pictures are perfect. Dr. Ranger was right. It was nothing. We just was a false alarm. And of course, see they can always say, well, you know, this pulmonary embolism can be fatal. So we're just covering the really covering their ass. But we're just making sure you want to say. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Listen, when they get to win, they're every test that's ever been invented. Every test that they ever thought of. Every machine that the hospital can afford to buy. You're helping to pay for. Okay. Because they're going to do everything on you that they can think of doing. Well, you know, something that kind of boots me up. Because after that, I started turning everybody down. I go back up and I'm back. I'm back. I'll, oh, Mar, you can wheel me around and there anyway. Oh, Mar, you can wheel me all over the hospital. God, they have so many nice people in Mount Sinai. And so many nice looking people in her too. And of course, my luck. I'm in there. You know, if I would have if, if I were even bother talking about it. You know what I'm saying? They would have lined up at the door. There's nothing I could do at that point. I'm like, help us. Oh, there's really a point. Oh, there's really a point. No. Well, thank God. Catheter. Yeah. Give me. Because usually after in the season, you have a hard time, you know, moving. No, I just had a little bottle. Oh, you were lucky. Yeah. Okay. Then what? How do you feel? How do I feel right now? Yeah. Just a little week. You ought to see the giant black and blue. I'm sure not everybody in the building who's got a strong enough stomach look. I've got black and blue. I'd say a third of my whole right side is dark purple. Do you like black and blue? Let me ask you a question. This is what I don't understand. Normally when you get gallbladder taxes because the stones are large. No, not necessarily. So smaller ones get lads. They fit right over the opening. I understand. Oh, okay. I was only here. You're going to be all right, Larry. I guess as far as I know unless there are any more surprises coming. Unless the doctor, the, the, the, the pill. Oh, and then I didn't even tell you the best part. I haven't even got to the best part of the story. I'm going to tell you what's here. I finally forced my way out begging and pleading among a phone at 4 in the morning. I mean, you go in at hospitality. The minutes are like hours and the hours are like centuries. And you're so uncomfortable and the temperature and there's like this gas. They switched me to another room because the wind tunnel and the first room they couldn't stop. They put me in another room. Seriously. And it was like either too hot or too cold, but no matter what the temperature was, there was like poison gas coming from the ceiling. Okay. I felt like I was at Auschwitz. I'm telling you. I kept saying I'm like in a concentration camp. I'm nauseous all the time just smelling the air. So I finally forced my way out. I get home and the first doctor, Runger was going to let me out. And then my pill doctor, my Israeli guy from across me. Now you're not getting out of here. To Lila, I saw him coming. I thought, oh, I'm never getting out of here. So he gives me two prescriptions because I have my blood count is low. He gives me iron. You know how much iron you have to take. You'd have to eat like a metal sink. You're getting enough iron. You get, you know, it takes time to get your blood count back up. When you lose a lot of blood. And secondly, because he's so terrified that I have infection, he gives me a prescription for a horse pill penicillin. It's called augmentant 500 milligrams, 3 a.m. Do you know how much 500 milligrams of anything is? The pills are like elephant droppings. That's how big they are. Well, that night, guess what? I'm allergic. I find out which I never knew before. I start itching. You ever have poison ivy for my hands? My back. I'm breaking out in the hives. I went through seven, eight hours of the worst living a hell in the history of the human race, augmentant. How do you like that? So in other words, no matter what was going on, and none of it at anything had to do with my gallbladder. Do you follow what I'm saying? I was going through all these other pulmonary embolisms. You're bleeding to death inside. You've got like screaming hives. It was a pleasant week. But you took the time to call Rick and said. Yeah. Have a good. Well, wait a minute. How much have you lost? What do you mean by that? I mean, I'm not sure all this trauma you had to lose some more hair. No, no, I'm exactly the same. You're kidding. No, I'm not kidding. Well, they pump your sofa. A crap. It takes like seven years just to get the chemicals out of your body. Anyway, did you get the keep any to stone? Good day. 1037 and Wiod. Hey, now I can go with Arnold's all the time, okay? I'm serious. Once you get your gallbladder out, man, you can enjoy the great stuff from Arnold's Royal Castle. Like round the clock, nonstop. Those great Neely Burgers and those fantastic Rochester White Hots in those great brought Worst from Don and Bob's. You just can't beat it as the tradition lives on at Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle. I've been doing it since 1980. As a matter of fact, Wayne has been there for over 25 years. Just working up a sweat right over the well, not right over the grill, but at least a good distance. And the castle burgers are made with blue ribbon ground beef, grilled sweet onions, pickle, chipier, choice of toppings, birch beer and a frosted mug just like they did years ago. And the famous Rochester at our White Hots and Red Hots with Wayne's own home a Tatin meat sauce that he jumped up and down on with his big fat feet. Gueranty de Best coffee ever made with the same recipe of blends used by the old original Royal Castle. And the Neely Burger made with hotel-cut layered bacon and top with hot melted American cheese. You'll love everything on a menu including course to great breakfast that you can have 24 hours a day. And come in this month and help celebrate the anniversary at Wayne Arnold's with the delicious free frosted mug of birch beer with all food orders. You can't beat that with a stick. They're open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Never closed even on Chivouis. Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle just a block west of I-95 and 120 fifth street, 12490 Northwest 7th Avenue in North Miami. Never a hassle at Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle. I don't have a news update from the award winning 610 W-A-O-D news and it comes up at the top of the hour. You're the greatest thing to hear. Come with you, I-O-D. You from Heddley House. It's here at last. The hip-risk scripture that speaks to today's team. He's the team Bible God bless God bless from the Holy Spirit Bible stories. The creation. And God said excellent and well, it was excellent. The fall of Adam and Eve. South Wayne. Even voices in the printing book. I have a turn command and I'm for you. No way. W-A-O-D. The team Bible also includes the top 10 songs of all time. Yay. Don't I walk through the shadow of the valley of death? Wow. Like serious bummer. And you'll get the totally bodacious new testament. Let us to do who's without sin. Cast the first stone. No. So fasten your Bible bells. And get your team on the road to Total Salvation. We're not worthy. We're not worthy. The team Bible, the good book that cops a two. acknowledged partying. 1042 a W-I-O-D. Here's a lady mobile and P-Rine. I told you. You're right. I told you. Yeah. And definitely don't take drugs. I don't believe you've got to give you drugs. What do you mean by that? Cast the one after when you took drugs. Yeah. What do you say now? I know. I know my friend. I would've told you don't tell. The lady drug pusher she knows better than anybody. What she's doing to the public. Don't take those things. First of all, when you're in there. We're doing that hospital. When you get the anesthesia, you've got only knows what they're pumping into your body. Okay? Careful. And it takes days and days for all that stuff to work. It's way out. And you have like gas inside every part. Every bone, every rib. I mean, just all over. Every time you move, it's like an internal fart. I mean, it's just unbelievable. And then you have that little IV on the wrist. So like I said before, they keep coming along and just jabbing stuff in there. You don't know what they're putting in there. That's part of the nurse. And so finally, I just started saying, no, what get back up after this horrible lung scan, which I thought was going to be the last moments of my life. Okay? Can you ever imagine? Can you even envision a procedure like this? I'm back up in a room within five minutes. There's two nurses in there. Oh, guess what? We're both here to get blood. One wants blood from the artery and the other from the vein. I said, guess what? You're both leaving. Okay? And I'm serious. And after that, I started kicking everybody out. I became the biggest pain in the ass. They probably ever had in that hospital. And that's my advice to everybody. If you're in there alone, just make a nuisance of yourself. Just make yourself the biggest pain in the ass and scream and carry on until they finally just can't handle it anymore. Can you leave it for in the morning, really? No, I was going to. And I've been doctor, rung around the phone, convinced me to stay until seven. And I somehow miraculously fell asleep. I have no idea how. And I wake up at seven. He comes in about seven, 15. He checks me over. You're okay, but papa. And he signs me out. I'm discharged. Okay? I'm waiting for them to come and take this little live. I'm going to live eating out of my wrist. So I can get there a lot of there and drive myself home. Now, about 20 minutes goes by and here, doctor, firm in the Israeli poll doctor from across the street. My other doctor, when he appears at the door, and I said, oh, my life in a worth of crap now. Okay, I'm never getting out of here. And oh, no, he shows me the thing on the little page. Dr. Runger wrote, patient discharge, depot approval of doctor, firm in. So in other words, when he approved, got away. And then he does takes the time to mark me the two prescriptions. I want to wish for the penicillin that nearly turned my life into a living here. Yeah, lucky to die. If you ever take a look at the act, have you ever taken a drug you're allergic to? Never. If you can imagine, I'm serious. If you can imagine, your hands are so. Are itching so bad and so red that you want to rub the skin off of them. It's like having poison IV only multiplied time 100. And now hives are breaking out in huge. Blotches all over every part of your body on your ass on your side on your back. And it's just it's and then even in fact, it's five in a morning. I, I had fall asleep for about 20 minutes. I wake up and I feel a nodule on the side of my, the bridge of my nose, the size of a peanut on the bridge of my nose. And you're paying 100 bucks for that prescription. Two and a half bucks a tablet. Okay. Two and a half bucks a pill augmentant. Exactly. And I've taken other kinds of penicillin before. So there's no general rule of thumb if you're allergic to penicillin. Never take it. Oh, man. Never take it. You can die. I mean, you can have respiratory failure. Yeah. And you know, another thing that goes on since you're a pill pusher, you know, something that should be illegal. You notice when you get your prescription. You, almost never ever get the package insert that tells you to conquer. No, we don't want you to read that. No, we're never taking it. And all the side effects and all the sudden, like, you know, that little minor things like that. You never get that. You just get the nice little plastic bottle from the pharmacist. They do it on me. Right. Exactly. They should be a law in the state of Florida that there must be a package insert with every prescription or they can't sell it to you. That should be the law in this goddamn state. No way. That's not carried away. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So you know, care. You have no conscience. You're slaughtering people. I told you not to go in the hospital. But that well, I was in there. I, I, I'm not exaggerating when I tell you that I really, most of the time, felt I would never get out of their alive. You're laughing, but I'm telling you, I really thought you're there because the stuff that was going on was so on godly. I can't, I can't even describe it to you. I used to be a nurse of our house. How can you, how can you recover first of all when you're in a room where the air is like poison. Okay. It is so, it is so unsafe to breathe to to every breath. It's like you're breathing not just few. You can't even dial them six people on the plate, breathing on the plate. Right. We're like breathing air, air and air. We disease that's ever been invented. And then secondly, the food, such a lack of anything edible there. My dogs would turn their nose, the amount that I ate. Now, fat rich, finally smuggled me on a cheeseburger. Seriously. And that was from the cafeteria. And it was just a mediocre cheeseburger. But it tasted like the greatest thing I'd ever eaten in my life. It was just a miracle. A miracle. God. Yeah. That's what I said. I can't get over it. I just can't believe it. The people are so foolish. And then I was at the track over the weekend at Popano and woman comes up to me to tell me stories about her poor husband that nearly bled it at the in the hospital and went in for something relatively minor in a butchered him up and a stuff that went on just incredible. It's unbelievable. You were right. You were right. You were right. I know. I know. I had to call me a bitch. You tell him. Just sit on it. Sit on this. Have a great day. Bye. Bye. 1047 a W I O D. We have an open line in date 751 and 2 and Broward. See that hasn't changed. Well, it's Monday. Just try to keep in perspective. Okay. 524 W I O D. Two open lines and Broward. Let's not get carried away and show that we care too much. Okay. Let's not overreact here this morning. Because obviously we don't give a crap. But all these people are like our management here. Okay. Totally indifferent to human suffering or anything. Can you really believe that? I still can't get over that. I was in a hospital for four and a half days. I was like went through a major. I mean, this was like a serious nasty maybe life threatening thing. Far worse than I ever dreamed. Not a phone call, not a card, not a bunch of Twinkies, not a not a plant, not anything. Like I mean, they had certain who where I was. They know my address. I mean, they sure knew my phone number enough to have George called me and bug me about some commercial damn thing. You know, here I'm lying there at home like wondering if I'm ever going to live again. If my skin is ever going to stop itching and I'm never going to be able to have one day of comfort again in my pathetic meaningless life. Nothing from the powers that be here at Cox Broadcasting. You or we don't give a crap station. Okay. Just totally absolutely insensitive to anything. This fall, joint is for another exciting season of dolphins in Hurricanes. But all action right here on South Florida's sports station. We're going to fly your tail. Danny Jackson is God. Oh. Yeah. 1052 a Wild. Here's a little joe on the phone. Another dispenser of vakilling drugs. Glad to have you back there, Uncle. Yeah. Another guy who's making a whole life occupation of dispensing killer drugs to mankind. I never said they killed anybody. They do. Well, that's because you took the wrong one. You're destroying the human race. And this whole society's all hung up about street drugs and cocaine and pod and this one. And that one and a haste. You know, all of a sudden crap. I got news for you. There are more people dying every day in this country. And more people hooked on these obnoxious disgusting, highly destructive prescription drugs. Then all the people put together who are doing so called recreational drugs. Okay. We got a drug problem in this country. All right, and it's from people like you and the film lady. And all you doctors out there who are putting all these people on these prescription drugs have a nice life, Mike. But I am making good money off of them. What is it? Like Reneri just walked out. I want to say have a nice life before I'm being never knowing might not see him again. Yeah. Huh? Why, I told you at least I'm making money off of them. Yeah, that's good. Well, at least you're a good American capitalist. Exactly. It's like the medical profession. They make money off of people suffering. And I think that's great. Well, doctors are the worst. And if you don't suffer already, they'll make sure that you will before you're through. I'm not shooting up anything. Okay. Oh, yeah. I'm going to go home and take some of them. I'll take some here on the air tomorrow. Put on a real floor show for the audience. I'll bring some in and pass it around everybody. I just want to make sure you already. Do you know what that is? Augmented? No. It's a form of penicillin. Do you know how much 500 milligrams of anything is? What? 500 milligrams is like an elephant pill. It's like a whale pill. It's like a bowling ball. Okay. You have to shovel it down with a shoe horn. Okay. 500 milligrams. Three times a day. And by the time I got to the fifth one, my wrists were itching like I should have slid them. And by the time I finished the sixth one, my whole body was doing Saint-Viette's dance. Dance on this, doctor. Oh, but I haven't told you the best part of the story. So I get up in the morning. I mean, I say, get up after maybe 20 minutes sleep, and I'm just through agony, the whole night, and I put in a call to the pill doctor's answering service. Okay. And he calls me back a little while later. I had left the message that I had a bad reaction to one of the prescriptions he prescribed. That was a rash. Huh? That was a rash you got. Listen to me. He calls and says, Neil, what happened? You got a rash? You know what that's like? That's like asking some of the people in the Holocaust, if they had a headache. That's what did I get a rash, okay? And then he says, oh, what a shame because you know, all those blood tests came back negative. In other words, I didn't have any infection. I didn't have any bacteria. All of a sudden, I was going to call you yesterday and tell you to discontinue it. He was going to do. He never got around to it, but he was going to call me and tell me to discontinue taking it. Because again, just like the long scan and all this other invasive crap, it was unnecessary. It was just panic, panic city. They're also scared, crapless, that something's going to happen to you, that they're going to get a malpractice suit, that they wind up doing a thousand million different things to you, that you don't need to be done in the first place. And just using your body like a goddamn chemistry set. I can experiment. Yeah, right. Right. Like a bad trip. What? What? Yeah. Right. All right, uncle. Just search your conscience, Joey. Me? I have no guilt whatsoever. Just search your conscience for the damage that you're doing to the human race, that they're expense. Okay. Just remember a sucker's born every minute. Exactly. See you later. 1056 at WIOD. Yeah, isn't it a great line? I was going to call you yesterday. All the tests came back negative. I was going to call you and tell you to discontinue it. Didn't get around to it. So isn't it great that you got this great experience? Look at the good part of it. I found out that I'm allergic to some forms of pedicillin. And if you would have called me and I wouldn't have had a lot of taken enough of them for that to set in, I wouldn't have found that out. So next time could have been like this. Thanks a lot, Doc. Here's the, uh, oh, one of our good friends. Yes. The cockamoon lady. Oh, I know. Happy to. Yeah. Your voice? A live, yes. I'm glad to hear everything's alright. Oh, yeah. It's great. I called your choice. But I'm not alone. I cockamoon. I spoke to George twice to find out how you would get involved. Yeah. Can you believe that the powers that be in this place never even called to see if there was anything that I needed or that they could do or how I was nothing? Can you believe that? Yeah. So that's me when I was in the hospital. Me? I brought more like a funeral tower. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well, I got a lot of flowers, but not from these people here. Yeah, right. Right. All they do is squeeze and manipulate and use you till every last drain or blood is left and I got news. I haven't got much left for him. Yeah. Well, take it. I made sure I flashed my black and blue all over the place in this building today so they could all see it. You know, because the first thing that comes to your mind is, oh, jeez, taking a whole week off now. This was supposed to be a one or two day day. You know, in a course right away, they think you're screwing off. You know what I'm saying? Right. Right. Well, don't look for it yourself. Make it so well. Right. And screw them. Everything will be alright. Okay. Take care, dear. Have a great day. Thank you. And don't forget. Cocker wound. Right. 1058. Wild. We have an open line in the center. No, look at that. They're smoking now. Here's coral springs. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah, how you doing? I'm doing great, man. I've been listening to you now. Let's get off the hospital such a tiny bit. Oh, yeah. Right. Let's say just show to suit your convenience. Sir, what is it you'd like to talk about? Well, I've been listening to you for about five months now. Mm-hmm. I'm just talking to my friend yesterday. All right. Actually, a couple days ago. Yeah. And I was telling me all about your show. You know, I was in through it for about three years now. He loves you. Yeah. And he told me something about you. I didn't think was true. I'm going to ask you. Yeah. Yeah. You're almost sexual. Oh, God. Let me ask you something. You suffer from like penis and vasir or something like that. I've got a listen. Job and sexual. You just love a listen. You're flaming. I get it. Okay. That's good. I'm just going to stop and talk about faggot. Okay. There you go. You probably work in a hospital. You spineless little whimp. God Almighty, you little pencil needle thing. We can't say dick because we're not sure that's his name, right? Where could have been? Right. That could have been his name. Anyway, we have, what do we got? Henry Burrow with the 11 o'clock Wiod. He knows Henry's like nauseous. He thought Henry's not here. What are you talking about Henry's not here? I'm Henry. God Henry, you've booked up dramatically since I left. Like I said, good old Elaine is here. Elaine who's a shmoosen around with all the politicians and brow to try to make yourself a star. And we got Rick and Spud with open phones from 2 to 6 this afternoon. Thank you. God's God. Wiod. The Neo Road to Stone. You had to see me eight. It's about time with Spud. Have we sold up those newsy divisions that are sucking our bottom line dry? Sir, as I may have mentioned before, Oklahoma Nebraska are not divisions. They're stakes. They're part of the union. Union. Don't ever use that word in this office, sorry. What a sorry. Sir. That's better. Now, what else is going on? Well, the Saudis called. They want to know if we could restore their F-16 service? Those dead beats still, those mutians. They won't be buzzing any camels until they settle up with accounts receivable. President Perrell, I'm wishes here to see you. Good. Send it in. What is it? You're blessed. Perrell, what you're doing here is on cost to do shout. Well, that's a pretty big word for a man in a cheap suit, fella. I called you idiots in here to tell you I'm streamlining the government. You go on. Yeah, so you're all fired. What a crazy crazy. I'm going to save his country, a fortune by having all our laws made in Mexico. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Lemonade was six to W.I.O.D. For a lane. She looks like she's been through six operations. Then she looks bad. Let's burn out, badly. Here's a lady in Tamarack. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I am so glad to hear you've been to Mone on the radio. It's so good to have you back. Yeah. I'm not. I haven't been able to listen every day, but I listen today's the first day or back since the operation. That's right. Oh, I just wanted to tell you that. They play the same crappy tapes that they always do, you know. It's just well, it's a well-out story. I didn't list that. I didn't list that. I didn't listen. But only an abushly market like this, but they get away with doing that. But it's a lot of tapes on the air every time the host isn't there. It's a joke. It was sad too because I think I was flicking. I think I was flicking. I was flicking. It was the one about the LA stuff and I said, oh man. Yeah, that was timely. I wanted to tell you that I'm not sure the date. I think was like Monday or Tuesday, Rick, you called Rick and Sudd. Monday. Monday, okay, money. And you sounded obviously very desperate. Frantic. That's the word, frantic. But it was weird because to me, I didn't listen to the whole. I've listened to a lot of Rick and Sudd that day, what I normally don't. But the next day when it came on, I turned it on because I told my husband I said, I can't believe this. I said, it's like, Neil, this appeared. It's like the radio police said Rick and Sudd, you're not allowed to talk to him anymore. And he's in a limbo. And I never heard anything the rest of the time. Well, I don't understand what he means by that. Well, they talked to you, but then the car waiting came on. It said Dr. Runger. Oops. All right. Right. You can call waiting. But then. Yeah, you know, that's the interesting thing. He sent these two pulmonary guys and who made the speech about pulmonary embolism. The blood clots in the lung and got me just scared to death. And then the nurse almost passed out on the floor. And then the two guys said, well, we're going to go talk to the doctor about it. And see what he says. And I'm waiting. And I'm waiting. And I'm asking the nurses. Where is the doctor? And he said, well, I'm not going to go on. And that's why when he came back on there, I said, I cannot believe you left at this particular point. I can't, and he was just foaming it them out that they had come and said these things. He was ready to attack him with a syringe. Well, you know, that's what goes on in the hospital. They run around with scalpel and syringes chasing each other up and out a hallway. I'm sorry about that. Everything seems really disconnected when you're in the hospital. Nothing. You're disconnected from reality. And the thing I'm not exaggerating when I say this. I don't want to be an alarmist, but I've been in a, you know, I haven't spent a lot of time in the hospital, but I have friends who have been so I've been in a lot of hospitals. And the one thing that's a constant no matter how good they're supposed to be is that you can't read the air. It's either too hot or too cold and it's has this nauseating, sickening smell that every breath you take makes you the puke from it. Just how can you get better in that kind of environment? That's a stuff they watch the floor with. You called red soap when I was in red soap. I was a hospital volunteer and we used to wear some clothes red soap. I want to tell you something years ago I was in Baptist hospital. Okay, for two days I had mono, which by the way, they couldn't diagnose. They kept asking me about Barry Barry about all these exotic and my carapractor came and he asked me to take a mono spot test. And they said, Oh, no, we never thought of that. Well, guess what I had mono. Okay, I was running down. So I was in there for two days and the second day I started bitching because it was so hot and there I couldn't breathe. So they send the guy in there with his little ladder. There's always some guy who knows speaking in glaze. He comes with a ladder. And luckily the vent was just off to the side of the bed not directly over it. He gets up on a ladder. He pulls this vent off the ceiling and about 4,000 years of crap of gray, like dead rats. I mean, all just starts falling out and he's choking back. And to think that the people in every room are breathing this crap in. And this is what hospitals are like. Yeah, well, it's just like the government would think of your oxides from the same way or he's based on money. Yeah, right. Exactly. I was really, I don't want to bore your listeners and everybody hang up. But I wouldn't tell you that I was worried about you. And I didn't realize how much I like to listen to you bitch and moan and laugh and play your bits. I have to be sick and I have to stay home all on all day. And it's really refreshing to hear you put in your two cents worth whether I agree or not. And unfortunately most of the time I find myself agreeing. But I do want to tell you that I like you and I have a request. Would you just play that thing? It's just me or God. Either something or that. It's so funny. There's something about that Orlando when you see me knows the naked nose under were you. Good. Yeah. Okay. And I'm glad to have you back now. Thanks. Bye. Bye. 11 after 11 at WIOD. Some lady sent me another catalog. Another one of those underwork catalogs in which Orlando was prominently displayed throughout. I mean, what kind of a macho guy from Miami or lander runs around and underwear all over the place. I think, we love you, but enough is enough. That's a wrong card. Anyway, he was on this morning all over. What is that all about? I'm turned on CBS this morning. We got built Clinton on for two hours. And last week they had parole on for like, what is that all about? God, I just don't understand it. Anyway, I think I'm going to have a real exciting experience in a couple of minutes. I think we better have a real long break prepared because that soup was great from Sunni's, but had like all kinds of rough edging. You know what I'm saying? Like broccoli and carrots and the cabbage soup. Boy, that is great for cleaning out all that industrial strength group that they put in your body in a hospital. Man. I mean, just a matter of moments. You are flying down those stairs. I mean, you just can't your eyeballs are just dilating their turning brown. Anyway, our good friend, Ponytail over at PizzaLoft says we're not the fastest. We're not the cheapest, we're just the best and the biggest pain in the ass. And interesting. I didn't hear a word from him all this time either. It's not amazing. And then he heard a word from a good old chap. Everything is fresh cooked to order. The world's best pizza, whether you like to thin in the York style or the thickest Sicilian or those great, the Fugazap pizza, which is with that real spicy sauce and loaded with onions and all kind of good things. They've been doing great stuff over there at the Pizza Troph. For the past 15 years plus you can even put your lunch dinner deliveries on your store. Mastercard, you'll find them upstairs at 69th and Flagler just east of the Palmetto. Be sure and try the homemade Italian specialties like the award winning lasagna. Stuffed shells, manicotti baked ZD or their famous eggplant parmesan. They can kiddie your holiday party. Any kind of thing you're doing for as little as four bucks per person. So check out the pizza loft upstairs at 69th and Flagler and prestigious Miami just east of the Palmetto Expressway. Here's the phone number to call 266-51-1-1. If you want to order a header for delivery 266-51-1-1, the pizza Troph, they are just unspeakable. The opinions expressed in this program and I'm not necessarily those of six-10 WIOD or exposures. 1115 at WIOD. Look at that level of excitement, man, on these phones. Just go into the commercial break and three people drop off including two and Broward. That's the one thing about this town that I no matter what anybody tells me. I know that I'm right. Okay. No heart. It wouldn't make any difference if I was having an open heart surgery right on a countertop here. Ah, we're busy. Okay. How good like that? We have an open line on the Starline, star IOD and one on the center square and Broward at 524WIOD. Another typical great welcome home party, Neil. Yeah. We're excited. We're about as enthusiastic about you as your management man. We love you. Lantana. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Thank you so much. Did you happen to have a private room when you were there? Yes. Okay. I had a routine, my leg ram, about two weeks ago. You had a one? A routine, my leg ram. My leg ram. Right. That's like a spinal tap. Ooh. And when you hear the word routine, a bell should go off. There is no such thing as a routine procedure in a hospital. Right. It's like routine surgery. There's no such thing. Right. And you said, well, we'll have to keep you 24 hours to do observation, sign up. Yeah. So as I was, I built up to build a build up. Right. As I was at the desk, they start saying, do you have a living will? And would you like to be an organ donor and all these, uh, quite yeah. Right. So thank you. It builds up a lot of comfort. Right. Right. And the doctor was great though, as he was doing the procedure. Because all I've done a thousand of these, because whatever you do, don't bend over because if you bend over the... Well, don't ever bend over in a hospital. As you bend over the diet that they inject in your body happens to go to your brain. Now, won't do anything but cause a massive headache. So as I was there, I was in my room after the procedure was done. And I was paged in the nurse. And now nurses are okay, but these aids that they have. That don't speak any English are probably about your worst. No speaking English. Right. We had quite a bit of that in Mount Sinai. There were several people, no speaking English, and don't confuse me with the fact and stuff like that. Well, cause I had to take a leak. And my jug was down by the bed, so I bent over. Yeah. And the dye went to my head. Oh. The mass of headache. So the nurse finally came in after I got this jug. And I got a very massive headache. Can you give me anything? Any hard drug to heartestate you got. And, you know, just something to get rid of this headache. Well, as she was leaving the room, she met this other aid. And they start speaking some different language. And just took a time. And now her later, there she comes back with whatever she had. By that time, I was, you know, exhausted. A hospital was not a place to get well. No. And I just want to tell you. And it's also not a place to have like a major accident in the room. Because there was one night I pressed the button about three different times. And no response. And I was lying. It was nothing, earth shaking. But it was something I needed either like a percussive that they kept Doping me up with for pain or whatever. That's what I had. Yeah. And it's not just nothing happened. And I kept thinking of myself, what would have happened if I would have fallen out of the bed and be having like some massive horrendous coronary or something right now? Because nobody was responding. Now was your purpose that 500 milligrams? I don't know. Well, anything I'm hoping to milligrams, I think, is too much. Yeah. They have to be inserted manually if they're that big. But anyway, I just wanted to tell you. I'm glad you're back. And could you send me a autograph stone? Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you. 11.0. 11.0. 11.0. 11.0. 11.0. 11.0. 11.0. 11.0. 11.0. 11.0. 11.0. 10.0. And maybe we're gonna be a moving experience any second here. Open line on the out of town line. I'm telling you that cabbage soup with all that good roughage in their boy. That just sweeps through like a gigantic electric broom. Right through your system, man. God. And I'm sure there's still plenty of really neat stuff inside of me from the hospital from Days ago that hasn't been a syphine out yet. Mobile and for a lot ordeal. Neil, how are you? Great. into my life. That's not it, listen. He calls like about once every three weeks. That's his occupation. That call. Yeah, probably. Listen, how about the any Jackson? Russell, be okay. Tell him I got the right uniform on the day. My little bow tie, my little knickers and my little brown shirt. That's what the country needs. Another homophobic honor, Cratton George. Right. Listen, how about the any Jackson? There's cubbies you're doing on. We are really smoking now, man. Yesterday the scene there at Ridley Fieldy would have thought we just won the world. Yeah, well, for the money he makes, I guess they're going to go crazy like that. Yeah. I will listen. I'm just want to tell you, I'm happy. You're feeling better and it's good here. You're going to. Thanks, so proud. Bye, bye. 11, 20, a W. I, D, an open line and browner. I'm going to be a mosing on downstairs in a moment here. George, just keep that in mind. You know, it seems to crime in this day and age not to have all your memorable moments on videotape from your babies for his birthday to your baby's wedding and all those neat operations in between. Don't miss out. Go to Benson's camera and video for a free demonstration in New Sony 8 millimeter cam quarters. You can always stick one through your neighbor's window and get something you can probably squeeze some money out of them for. Benson's has lowest prices on Sony can quarters and offers the most knowledgeable service before and after the sale. So before you get a short circuit at some over price, you'd like to try and wear house. Save yourself the aggravation by going to Benson's camera and video where their first price is always your best price. The best camera and video selection from major lines like Nikon, Kodak, Sony, Canon, and ultra-pentax all the top names. Benson's camera and video stores in Dave County. They're just six blocks out of the falls on US1 and in Broward County on South University drive right across from the Broward Mall. You miss Goldberg at night on Friday. You miss John Gotti's attorney Albert Krieger. It's not a matter of being in jail under a life sentence and you make parole in five years, ten years, 15 years. If the appeal is run successful, he will die in jail. This is going to be another big week. I'm Goldberg at night and it comes to nightly at 8 o'clock. We take off for last Vegas on Wednesday for the Holyfield Homestrike and we'll be coming to you from Caesar's Palace for most of the week. What can be better than that? Join us for Goldberg at night. Monday night at 8 on South Florida's news traffic and weather station. News took radio, 610 WIOD. Tonight it's 6th it's Fort Stuck, 6th Dan. South Florida's most listened to his fortune followed by Goldberg at night with Hank Goldberg. Tell me why you're here. You know what I've discovered? As Reared at Zungwee, Headwala was gone, listen. Can you hear that? We got a dirty pot. We got a dirty pot. And guess what? I was just downstairs. So we got two dirty pots. How do you like that? Oh yeah. Who's that on a batlin? Oh look at that. Good morning. Glad to have you back. A little lot of breaths from running up and down the stairs. Wow. You're taking it easy. In my weakened condition, while I had like an emergency there, you know what? They should have given you a 10 minute break. Yeah. God, I feel better now though. Very good. Thanks for the cabin soup, Sonny. Oh, that's your did it. Wow. And you know what I discovered? What did you discover? I already do believe we have Legionnaires Disease in this building. There is a there's an aroma in a hallway and believe me it's not from my recent experience. There is something in this place that is just people are falling left and right. Wow. Like flies. Do you know channel seven investigation? Right. Get them over here right now. Wow. By the way, also the I just mentioned this in passing. The guiding light special that was on Friday night on CBS was the most the biggest disappointment the biggest crock of garbage. What's it really? Ah man, we saw like about three seconds worth of birth power and two seconds worth of pop-a-bauer and like a four seconds worth of Rita and it was terrible. It was a big disappointment to me. It's crap. Terrible. awful. I get y'all afforded them. Right. Disappointment. There was no mic power. There was like about one second of the original Edbauer. There was just nothing. It's such a great show and it's been on for so long and they got all the video and they could have put some together good but instead of that it was crap. Terrible. Yes. She just watched Coke games now. Speaking of crap. My bad luck they had GN on a cable over at Mount Siner. Oh, those are you saw those games. Oh, even the night they won the double header from the cardinals they went on till the wee hours of the morning. And it was the most terminal and the most aggravating and they couldn't hit the ball out of the infield and it was just went on and on and on and on and I was lying there like cock-eyed like propped up at that bed and I had these awful migraines behind. Have you ever had a headache behind your eyes? Yes. Those are the worst headaches in the world. Like right behind like the back they're so bad that the back of your eyeballs ache. That's how bad they are. Okay. And laying there and I'm looking and I'm like, oh we're in the 80-50 and the cops can't hit it on the infield and holy cow. This is pathetic and oh. Yeah. The next night we lost a four-run leader five. Yeah. Yeah, I think that was the first night I was home as a matter. What when I was that was that Tuesday? I think it was Tuesday. Yeah, that was the first night. I was home and we gave all of a sudden against Tukesbury who by the way is going to kill us again tonight. We got all of a sudden we're smoking and we're scoring runs and we're heading for nothing and even Danny Jackson's got a big lead and lo and behold a little bit later it's in the toilet. Yeah. And that's where I went. A mad rush. Oh we're forna run now. So listen I got these gigantic horse pills I'd like you to try. They're like 7,000 milligrams. Take one every five minutes and let's see if you can survive it. Okay. My little boy takes augmentant and they're big pills for him. He takes augmentant. He has taken a boom. Oh, God. It's supposed to be doable. The pill doctors man these people are murals. You're a murals. Remember how long have you been listening? Have I been listening to me? To you? Yeah. A long time. Back when I used to have guests. Yeah. Do you remember Henry Rothblatt? The great attorney Henry Rothbott the criminal attorney who just absolutely was psychotic about the medical profession and he used to come on. He used to scream and he was just great and the sad part about Henry is that he developed this melanoma on his wrist. He got like a cancerous tumor. Wow. And he was so crazy about doctors because he had represented many of them over the years and seen the way that they'd butchered up people all horrible things they didn't. And he just absolutely refused to trust any doctor. And so the thing went up his arm and it was brain and like in no time he was dead. Right. So if you don't allow them to do it to and if you're paranoid and you'll get any treatment that it's just as bad. That's right. It's brutal. It's just unbelievable. On that note, did you hear about Frank? The guy that played Frank? Yeah, they. She and he died. He died. Yeah. Lastly. Well, how come we just got through a couple of months ago. Do you remember when we were reading it on the ear? Yep. About how he had some kiddie of things and he was taking treatments and he was going to have to take dialysis and he was getting all that weight back and it was all a bunch of crap and he had AIDS and he died. That's it. Why? You know what really bothers me? Why is it when somebody has AIDS? They have to go to such great lengths to cover it up. Right. Why is that? And then every one of them. Why is it? So that somebody's going to think that they were gay? Well, who the hell cares? He's dead now anyway. What their hands is it made? That's right. God. That's what I say to unbelievable. He died last week. I think it was Tuesday. I wonder for Robert Reed had AIDS? I don't know. What did Robert Reed die from by the way? Maybe one of the kids. I think it was. Well, see there you go. All these generalizations. That's right. Well, listen, I have no idea what we're talking about. I'm just so happy that I was able to make it up and down the stairs that you have no idea what a tremendous experience that was. One of the best of my lifetime. Oh God, Neil. Oh, well, if you're happy, I'm happy. That's what I'm here for. I haven't read this. I'm sorry. 1130 a W I O D where it's just like one constant B M B in in this place. We have an open line on the out of town line. 1 84944 W I O D. What are we going to do about this pot? You hear that? We got a dirty pot. This is such a why am I getting excited again? I mean, I've been here for almost four years. It's not going to go in a hospital a week. I think I'm going to come back it's going to change. Of course not. It is such a slipshot, such an embarrassing, such a bush league place. What are the engineers doing? What are the management people doing? What exactly? Okay, well, put it down for a minute. Okay, let it heal up for a while and come in here and check something's out. Make the place work. Make it like a little smoother, okay? During the break, I'm sitting down there in the magic room and I hear this little voice from the next stall going, who could do that? I don't know who it was. Here's a lady in Fort Loderdale. Hello. No. Yes. My name is when? It's when? Lynn. Lynn. Yeah. How are you doing, Lynn? I've been listening to you for a while. First, I was a force listener because my husband listened to you. Right, we have a lot of people. I had to tell you how to, how to, how to, how to, how to gunpoint first to listen every day to this show. But I listened to you now because I like your opinion. You have some nice opinions and I agree with a lot of them. Right. But I've been listening to you since you got back from the hospital. Yes. And I listened to Rick and said, where you're in the hospital. Yes. Now, I'm not saying that this works for everybody, but I've recently, within the last eight months, had someone who went into the holistic medicine with the juicing and the exercise and things like that. Right. So now I've gotten into it. And there's a book that I want to send you, it's called juicing for life. It's called the juicing man. No, juicing for life. Is that by Gary Null? No, a Sherry column and Marie. Well, you sound so defensive about this. I happen to believe in that. Okay. That doesn't mean I do it, but I happen to be a big believer in that kind of thing. Okay. And will that make sense? Because I know that every day that we're on this planet, we are being poisoned and we're just absolutely being decimated. It's a miracle. We can get up in a morning. Absolutely. I don't even bother going to a hospital anymore. It's like forget it. I don't want to go there. I won't go there. I told, I when I got out of there, I told the doctor, there are only two ways you'll ever get me in any hospital again, either in a coma or in a box. That's I'm not joking. Those are the only two ways I will ever go into a hospital again. And I was, I was just listening to your earlier while I was on hold. And you were talking about body cleansing. Well, there's a juice that you can drink that just like takes that and it just like gets rid of like everything. You know, it takes everything bad. It's rid of everything. It's rid of everything. Yeah. It cleans out your system. It's a body cleanser. There's one for cleansing your blood. And it is just... Let me cleansing your blood. I don't have any of that. No, I don't. I think I have blood. I don't have any blood. I have no blood left. You know, they kept coming in for more by said, listen, check the dipstick. There you'll find zero. There's none left. There is none left. You've taken every drop I've got. And in the meantime, one of the first things they had me just going crazy about was one of the doctors had me convinced that I was suffering in massive internal bleeding because my blood count was so low. Okay? And that's always a pleasant thing. And I said to doctor, younger, I says, well, what happens if you are having internal bleeding? He said, well, then we have to go open you up again. Now, stop and think I'm lying there in this weakened condition where I'm already terrified that I'm on death's door. And I'm being told, well, maybe if you're bleeding inside, we might have to open you up again, which means, of course, Morana static and like we start all over again. And I said, well, when would you do that? He said, oh, well, we would only do that to save your life. Oh, and I'm thinking, oh, Jesus, this sounds really promising now. So I got into this do thing thing. I'm trying to go total vegetarian. I'm not saying that it works for everybody, but it works for me. And I got into it from a lady that I do house, but that I did housekeeping for it. And when she went into half her son five years ago, the anesthesiologist cut off the oxygen to her brain. So therefore, it cut off the oxygen to the brain and the letter to where she couldn't walk and she had a speech, you know, problem. Yeah. So she got tired after three years of going to medical doctors and nothing was happened. Well, send me the book, Glenn. I'll send you the book, Neil. I'll do it. And let's so we can get your way from the freaking hospital. Okay. All right. You're a great day, Neil. I'm glad you're back. Here's a lady from outside. Hi, Neil. Hi. Um, last week we came to visit you a couple of nurses and respiratory therapists. Right. You remember? Oh, a bunch of people came to visit. Especially after I came on the year with Rick Rally. There were all these people. Eddie Morgan was there. All of PR people. And everybody that came in and ruined my said the same thing. I said, I'm not going to get out of here alive. But I did. You did get out alive. Well, surprise. And you got out of lives because of a good medical nurse and care. Oh, yeah. Okay. Come on, Neil. What's the poem? I don't understand what went wrong. Do you understand what went wrong? What does that mean? It just sounds like neurotic about it. Yeah, neurotic. He was a lovely experience. It was wonderful. He refers to the best of them to those being informed. Yeah. And that's one of the scary things were being hospitalized that people just don't understand medicine. So every little thing that week obviously takes a granted is. Well, when people are coming in and making speeches that maybe you're going to have blood clots in your lungs and you might be on the verge of death every minute or that maybe you're suffering massive internal bleeding and then maybe you're going to bleed to death. Or we're going to have to open you up to save your life. It isn't really conducive to feeling that too secured. You know what I'm saying? If hey, maybe there might just be something wrong going on here. Well, okay. So you have to be calm and ask questions. Right. Right. Like what the hell is going on here? Neil, we were very concerned about you. We were let you know that now some of you are stupid. There are a lot of really wonder. I'm not not just saying this because I said it before. A lot of super people there at Mount Sinai. I'm really mean that including some of the nurses and a lot of the people and every facet. There are a lot of great people there. But that's got nothing to do with everything else I'm talking about. Oh, what do you think? I mean, you could have the greatest people in a world. But if there are people who are like, you know, scaring the crap out of you and you're just suffering such anxiety and you can't breathe the air and that you're inhaling of the films that make you feel nauseous all the time, it's not conducive to getting well. Well, I don't really understand what exactly went wrong. No. What exactly happened to you. But yeah. Just seemed that you could overly nervous. Right. Right. Right. Well, we just like you to know that we're glad that you're home feeling better and back at where. Thanks. And please come back soon. Yeah. See you. Bye. Just pray that I don't and I'm sure they all are. They're just kissing the ground that I'm out of there and hope that I never return. Hey, listen, I'm just telling it like it is. Okay. The, I'm just I have no extra grind. I have no reason to say things that didn't happen or I'm just telling it exactly what happened and it's a major. Candial air conditioning has a service that I'm telling you every hospital. I don't want to mention specific ones. Every hospital should be required to do this like on a very regular basis. It's called the biotech duct sanitizing system and hospitals in laboratories. Good ones that is have been doing this for years. Why? Because viruses and other indoor pollutants can originate right inside those air duct sanitizing is now considered essential. I mean, if you're just laying there or sitting around the house and you're inhaling around the clock all that crap, man, it's going to make you sick as hell. And sanitizing should be performed only by licensed air conditioning contractors. People who know what they're doing. That's Candial with over 12,000 customers all over South Florida. They're one of the largest residential air conditioning specialists in the entire area. And the biotech system disinfected sanitizes and reseals the entire inner surface leaving your entire duct system like new. So when and doubt, clean it out, baby. Biotech eliminates microscopic algae spores bacteria mold dust mites, mildew disgusting gross nauseating sickening odors. And it's especially great if you have an allergy sufferer in the house or office too. Call Candial air conditioning for a free estimate. And by the way, they're going to make sure that your air conditioning system is more efficient too when they're finished with this. So you're going to save money every month on an FPNL bill as well. Candial air conditioning 255 6439 is no obligation column today for a free estimate 255 6439 went and doubt clean it out. Hey, Goldberg is your host for another Goldmurgan night radio show tonight at build the nutrients. A wooded bag of cheese. via The juicy man can probably mix his and I sleep and let the juice come full The juicy man makes him on a wild mistake to something went and dried up the shes Everything the damn thing squishes you can even juice your dish So good take a chicken Fathers feet in hatching The water and the spring before it's dead The juicy man can Oh the juicy man can This is what the boat You got pounding headaches Pick up a man and you cover two ass boots at a hammer Two say You got jacket, pick up each Can we prove two sweatshirts and a jackstrap No twirl away that old spare tire Doesn't have just 142 a Wild here's a lady in the gables Hello Hi Neil I'm so glad that you made it back alive Yeah just barely by the edge of my thing I hear you I can empathize with you 14 months ago I went into the hospital to have a baby in good lords Between nurse ratchet and the doctor that barely made it there for the delivery Yeah I was ready to crawl out the window and go home and do it myself Right It was awful It was such an experience in such a nice hospital I mean the view is great but who the hell cares right Well when you're on a way out it's always nice having a good view I have always said that But it was quite an experience and I vowed never to go back again Unless I wasn't a box I'm talking with all due respect to any hospitals And there are a lot of good people and conscientious people The best way to deal with hospitals is to stay out That's a best way, safest way, don't ever go in Don't ever go in unless it's to visit and make sure you don't get in over Right You have your temperature taken and they'll put it in there I got a great I got a great little story for you One of the nurses she wasn't the regular nurse but she was like Whatever maybe she works like one day a week she came in one evening She was going to take my temperature and they had two different thermometers Sitting inside those little things on the tray And she kind of looked at my face and then she kind of looked You know and she looked at their thermometers She said well like which one is what I said both of them are like oral Okay, so that's good. I didn't want to make a mistake and put the wrong wise No, I'm not too crazy about that either. Okay, I'm not into that Oh Just even though I'm not making it up serious She thought one was a rectal thermometer and one was oral and she was just wanted to make sure which was which Here to that Here to that Yeah, you bet Oh good Lord well at least you got out and we're glad to have you back at least I know I am Thanks. Take care. Have a great day. You too. 1144 at Wild. We have an open line in date 751 doctor And one in Broward 524 Wild 4 Loddl on the star line Hello, yes How you doing Neil? Okay. What's happening? I had a couple customers listen. You had a couple of customers. Yeah, I'm at this one up shop. Take care of business sir You're playing. Okay, listen. Let's get to the cross of the issue Let's get to the meat of the matter. Okay You're your bosses are hurting. I'm outrage and a paul that they didn't check on you when you were sick and Oh, not in least. Are you sure? Are you sure you were on anesthesia or sick? Do you remember? No. That's gross I'm surprised I have not had more calls about that. I just I can't get over it I mean even if they hate me like poison which believe me the feeling is mutual It's just the idea that I mean here they knew certainly that I was undergoing a really tough time because Cheryl was over there to visit and I mean you know I was like talking to people who work here like Georgian Cheryl But it is they certainly had to be aware that this was a horrendous experience Not a card not a note not a flower not up your ass not anything Let me tell you something I heard I don't listen to Rick and so often but I heard that But you made and I couldn't believe it. I didn't even know it was you until after you And he started talking about I didn't recognize your voice I was I was so desperate that once I knew I was on the ear I was just gonna blur it out anything that I could just to get the message across because I really I really believed at that time that I would never get out and after that phone call Which needless to say words spreads fast all the PR people in the hospital started showing up people who haven't even been Invented yet. I mean they were pouring it to that room and no matter who they were the first thing I would say when they would how you do mr Rogers. I would say I am never going to get out of here alive That's what you you must have said it four times and I I believe I was swear to you. I really believed it Have you heard have you heard the call? Have they played the call for you at all? Do we still have that you got it you got it? You just didn't even sound like you I didn't know it was you. It was me and I've been listening you for years I had no idea who it was until after they made comment. I mean I was practically in tears because the Stuff that was going on was just so incredible and they just had me convinced that I was going to die and they sent me for this long skin and they strapped this thing around I had and it just seemed like they were using me as some kind of a guinea big. I felt like I was in Auschwitz or something Well, now you're back in alive And yeah, I'm doing it It's sound better never right well have some kids ski and relax a little bit. Okay, and let me call two people do that if you if you would please Yes, sir. Oh in a major van parking douchebag and mark a major major alarm installing do you think? Okay, thanks by taking okay do some business. Thank 1147 at Wiod we have an open line at Broward 524 and the star line at star iod The Saturday by the way 11 am to one p.m. going to be at brands mart in the saw grass Gonna be displaying the Sony a data disk man, which I have when I'm going to take this home and just fiddle with it all evening And believe me when I say that the only thing I'm going to be fiddling with is the disk man boy. I'll tell you it's going to Oh, you know you're lying there And then of course all these like Omar who came into wheel me down for my lung test and put me on the elevator And you see these interesting people and you're asking you're wondering yourself Am I ever even going to be able to think about that again? Or is that just totally out of the question? I mean even just you know what I'm saying? It's like forget it Party or distant past here's a lady in Miami beach. Hello. Yes, man. Yes. Yes. I'm a person. What is it? I was a few flowers and two people. What? I was a few together. I was a half of a double an up to several. Right. Right. Right. I'm a people together. So I want to answer something. Yeah. I smelled a lot. Believe me. Yeah, that's what you did. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's easy to have to go out to race. Is it to have a baby? To have one? You have a gold bladder. Yeah. I know I had both. I had to go out and I had to go out and I had to go out and I had to go out. Okay. Good animal would help blackberry jam animal do it, man. Okay. Trust me. Clean your brains out for least another week. Have an open line in day 751 W. I would. He's probably the one that sends all those letters that he keeps sticking up on. You notice he keeps putting up on a wall. It's from the same two old bags who've been writing the hate mail for 15 years. And boy, Gary keeps sticking that stuff about on wall out there. Talk about a sadistic asshole. God is he something. 11 minutes till noon at W. I. O. D. The owner of a 1991 Porsche 911 just how good low jack really works. What is new car was stolen. Locally center the stolen vehicle information about one PM on Monday may 4th just about a month ago. Just an hour and a half later, Hollywood police picked up the H. O. J. Transmitter signal and 13 minutes after that. Let me see it again just 13 minutes later. They found the Porsche and set up a surveillance in hopes of breaking up a gang involved in the theft of expensive sports cars. The surveillance ended Thursday morning and the car was recovered. The low jack recovery was so fast that the cellular phone and two sets of expensive glasses were left untouched by the thieves. The cooling off period is being used more and more by local car thieves to make sure their target doesn't have low jack. So join the low jack network ask your new car dealer to have low jack installed when you buy your car or for additional information or to range for installation call our good old pal Elaine toll free right now at 1.853 low jack. That's 1.800 535 652 2218556522 low jack the only security system that offers total protection, prevention and recovery. Catch the latest news traffic and weather info each morning with Mike Rinery in the morning information team just before the meal. Thank you. Welcome to our new home. Who is his word not his pedophile? 552 a W I O D and let's do a lady in Tamarack. Hello Neil. Yes man. I so glad you're back, and I just wanted to tell you, I called George every day for information on your condition. Now the management are sons of bitches. I may say so. Why? They do not. This is supposed to be your station for news. They didn't give one word. How could they give a word? Because they weren't in contact with me. So what was the word? How could they give? They didn't care. This is like a dear friend being in the hospital in you are unaware of what's going on. They really put us through. What did they think? Where idiots to listen to repeat just in case they. They they'd say they'd put your condition on. I am self-reliased at them. And George was the only one who would explain what was going on. Right. A station for news. You know what they can do with their news. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. I'm like Disney. Yeah. And I'm glad you're back. And I love you. And I'm glad you're healthy. And everything is fine. Thanks a lot. And if you ever do get sick, God forbid. Don't count on my Disney to be at your side. Okay. Thank you, Neil. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Sun's a bitch. As she said, that might be pretty strong language, but she sure is getting close. We have an open line at Broward. No, we don't in the out of town line. They meet up in Palm Beach. They don't care. I'm dead or alive. Well, I listen to them. I guess they can tell the difference. Can't they? 1,800, 944, Wild. 1,800, 944, 944, 9463. Why isn't it a law in the state of Florida that every time you get a prescription, you must get the package insert. So you can read the information. Okay. Why are you people such guinea pigs? And why do you allow these doctors and pharmacists to do to dittle you around like some kind of morons? Why? God. Where is Bob Mendelson when we need him? I'll tell you where he is. He was so right. Boy, if ever a man told it like it was. He was the guy. And if anybody out there has got that book that he wrote called the first one was confessions of a medical heretic. But the one about hospitals, I think was called Temple of Doom about hospitals and what they do to you there and about all the eyeatrogenic diseases that people get from being in a hospital. If anybody's got a copy of that, I sure would love to have it. I'd give almost anything for that, like at least a book. Four Lodderdale. Hello. On there. Yeah. How are you going? Great. Get off that speaker phone, sir. Yes. Come on. Get away. Come on. No. You're going to get out of real phone? I want it. Yeah. All right. Here I come. Come on. All right. You're right here. Okay. Jeez. How are we going? The speaker phone was almost better than this. No one who used the speaker phone. You're phone sucks. Oh, so. It's not my phone. It's my phone. Your friend's phone sucks. Tom to get a new one. Tell me. Yeah. Right. So what's up? I get another phone. No. No. No. No. No. They don't. We're hot. We're doing it. We're right up there with the pathetic mets. Oh. And have a nice life. Hope it light and brown. Five, two, four. Wiod. Here's a lady in Hallendale. Hello. Hi. Yes. Listen. There's so many people trying to reach you. And when I called now, I'm fine. I think I had somebody who was brain dead. I said, Neil Rogers. Please give me his room. He's not here. Well, I wasn't there under that name. I was under my real name. I say. And I told them. I said, if people call for my real name, then fine. It's somebody I know I want to talk to. Yes. But if people call for Neil Rogers, absolutely. And then one night, they started putting colors to. I felt like I was doing a talk show. I had three in a row. And he were putting colors through. Well, I figured that because the whole world would be calling you. He would have been great. He was a chance to send a card or something. And that beer man who was really a great friend, Craig Ruzing. Yes. Well, I forgot to mention that I want to thank Craig. You know, he drove me down to my all the way. He lives in Boca and he came down and picked me up last Friday and drove me all the way down to my doctors to doctor, ongers office because I had to have the staples removed. You know, they stapled you now. They don't sew you up anymore. That's a pretty lovely. It wasn't bad. It really wasn't bad. It's a little uncomfortable. Once they're like protruding and you're walking around like some kind of a robot. But he drove me all the way down there and back home and I want to thank him. He's a super guy. He's one of them. Yeah. To talk of a little happiness and you deserve it. You know, yesterday in the Miami, Harold, the Gulf String Park had a little price schedule for accommodation for the British cup right now. And you were at $176 for a trackside table. You want to go? I thought certainly something like that would turn us smile. Do you like the $176? Yeah, what's wrong with that? That's on Saturday the big day. Yeah. And if you have, I think, eight or ten in your party. It's a little bit better rate. But do you enjoy the flats as much as you do the charter? No. I thought not to use drone trotters in you. Yeah. Well, if we can get a group together, wouldn't it be great? 10 or 20 real degenerates to go to the British cup? Yeah, I love it. As you say, now that the worst is behind you, let's get a life. Right. Okay. Thanks. Good recovery now. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. 1158 is a matter of fact, a speaking of how much I enjoy the trotters. A fat rich picked me up and drove me up and back. Friday and Saturday night to pump an o park. How do you like that? And Friday had a very pleasant experience. One of few bucks. Saturday night, a much less pleasant experience. It lost a few bucks. Although that wasn't the part that was less pleasant. The power was that some see people come and they say, hello, and that's fine. I don't mind that at all. A Joel and rich were there, Frankenstein or whatever his name is now. The world where you are, you're deep, the nearer to shine. I was riding on a train to Austin, Texas. Oh, when the very lovely lady said next to my, she got a ticket. She asked a five called her sight. I was more than happy to. Tell me how much more I'd like to do. I'll want to kiss her, but she won't let me. I want to whisper. So even up there was it her rear. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and forth. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. When she returned, she said she was an actress. She showed me an album of pictures of her opening, which even said none. She seemed to switch, she could be. But I'm clearly seeing she was the kind of girl who stole and hearts that wrecked on. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. I want to whisper. So even up there was it her rear. Thank you. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and forth. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. Well, never forget the train right down to Austin. We're saying you're the sweet, and we shared our tales. But as my heart tried to leave her behind, regrets are all my life, because I'd like to get that girl in the end. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. I want to whisper. So even up there was it her rear. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and forth. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. Well, it's another sleepy Monday. In dry goals, 12 away to WIO. Do we got three open lines on the board? Hey, things haven't changed. The damn bit have they two of them in Broward 524? And one on the out of town line, 1-800. What's it all about, Alfie? Pembroke Pines on, that's another good thing about my vision. You know, is like all blurred up now. Probably after, like what, six, seven months. It'll start like all readjusting. And the body parts will start falling back into place. Pembroke Pines. Yeah, I know you're not much into basketball, but did you see a classmate's game? No, but I certainly saw the aftermath and all the barbarian footballs. Did you try to happen and Pittsburgh would happen? Every time a team wins a championship, there are a bunch of assholes come out and just go crazy and tear the city apart. And burn cars on fire and ripped, what the hell is it all about? What is it all about? Well, I was talking about his pop-costus in the locker room. Yeah. The other guy's about five foot four. Yeah. Interviewing these guys. It was the start of the scoring. Champagne on his head. Was he on a step ladder? No. That's the sad part. I think it would have been great if Michael Jordan would have picked his ass up and slammed dunked him through the basketball. I think it was. I think it was. It was. It was Michael Jordan. He's sitting there with his so many interviewing, you know, he's just looking for his own interview. Because no everyone just walk and buy him. And then you see Bill Cartwright walk and buy. And he goes, oh, where's Bill Cartwright? Where's Bill Cartwright? Bill Cartwright comes walking up. Have you ever heard that man speak Neil? No. He ever heard fraudulent on the little rascals? Yeah. Bill Cartwright comes up. Well, that's been great to be. Repeat and not were up there with the colored and the lakers. And they are unbelievable. These guys are just freaks of nature. I'm sure glad it's over, I'll tell you that. Bill Baseball season. My boils. I'm the one they cause. Well, congratulations. You guys did your shot. And I can't believe Rick Suckler's got nine wins. It's enough to make me wish I was back in a hospital again. Danny Jackson's tearing up the league. Danny Jackson is God, man. Maybe things are not coming up. Yeah, we're doing it. We're on the edge. All right, Neil. You take care. Work out Bob. You're a douchebag. Good luck to you. All right, Neil. 10 after noon at WOD. He had to board his empty already. So I guess the audience has shot their respective wad, huh? They've done it. Well, what do you want me to say? I mean, look at that. Is that a pretty sad commentary or what? We're into our third big hour on return Monday here. Wow, that's Monday. Wasn't a good idea to come back on a Monday. You should know Monday's heard rough. Come back on a Wednesday or someday when it's convenient for the audience to call in and tell you whatever the hell they want to say. Yeah, right. Two open lines in Broward. Let's go. Let's go. Let show us your alive for God's sakes. Oh, God. This town is hopeless. Five, two, four. W, are these lines working? Come on. Oh, you got to be joking here. These really working or what? God. They're just absolutely heartless. And I'm actually laying here in a hospital thinking that somebody gives a crap that I'm going to get a phone call from somebody in a position of authority in his place who gives a flying crap. I must be dreaming. Must be, must have been from the anesthesia. I must have been hallucinating the whole time I was in there. Speaking of hallucinogens, I almost thought that we had a call from ponytail. You know, there's another guy. Absolutely not a word, not a card. Not a pizza. That would have been great. You know what I would have done for a slice of pizza when I was in that place? Oh, God. What that would have done to my whole system. You'll find the world's best pizza at the pizza loft. Everyone is cooked to order. Never made conveyor belt style. Everything over there at the pizza trough is made with tender care and love. And they put a whole bunch of crap in it. Italian specialties like they're award-winning lasagna and stuffed shells. They're going to cut a big zedian. They're famous eggplant parmesan and they have great fugazap pizza which is some really unique stuff. Made with those great spicy onions and special spicy sauce. You've never tasted anything like it in your life. If you have any kind of a party coming up, they'll cater for you for a little as four bucks per person. And because Jeff wants to retire at a very early age and go fishing with all the dolphins every day, they never close. I mean, every holiday no matter what it is, they're going to be open for you. Serving up their great homemade Italian goodies in the best pizza in town. Here's a number to call for deliveries. Or if you'd like to call ahead and have your order of piping hot and ready when you get there. 266-51-11. And if you're really nice to Jeff, I'll even let you die in the prestigious Neil Rogers dining room. 266-51-11. For the pizza loft upstairs at 69th and flaglier in Miami, just east of the Palmetto Expressway. The opinions expressed in this program, and I miss the sale. He throws a 6-10 WI-O-D, rich by the price. Okay, there's our disclaimer that we play every 30 seconds because the management of the station thinks to show us gross and they want to make sure that you understand they have nothing to do with it. What are you eating now? God, just eating and eating and eating and eating. What the hell is it? Since you came in here today, you haven't stopped eating. You just started out with sunny very early. And what happened to the other sandwich? You ate two sandwiches? They brought a cross here. What was that corn beef? See, why is that necessary? I mean, I appreciate it, but if you're going to bring me a sandwich, why does it have 30 pounds of meat in it? Okay, why does it have to be so big that only false teeth will go around it? You have to be able to remove your teeth from your mouth to get them around the sandwich. What does that prove? Why does anybody need so much meat? Right? Exactly. Nobody needs all that meat. So what is it now you're eating after chewing on? Check it out. All it's the company lunch day. Yeah, well, if ever there was a chicken operation, there's a word missing in there, but if ever there was one, this is the place. Pointing on the starline. Hello? Yes. Me all. Hi. Hi, I'm a first time caller. Wait. Why do you call it? And say hello. We're driving down into Miami from the Keys. We just got over the front of the mile bridge. Driving down into Miami from the Keys? Yes. You mean you're driving up into Miami? Right. Why do people always do that? Like they said, they're in Miami. They say, I'm going down in New York this weekend. I don't know. Well, how come it says, bointin' beach on here? Well, I don't know. You don't know? Nope. But I wanted to tell you, we had a great time in the Keys and except for this one part, where we got thrown out of the store. I was wearing a high. I said, I wear my neck. You have high? I have a high. It's a high. A high? A high? A high? Yes. Not a high. A high. High. Right. No, not a high. And what about it? Well, this jerk, the guy who owned the store threw us out. Why? He said, we should go across the street to the Jews across the street. He'll own that store. I wasn't at nice. Yeah. So, Tom, there already too many gollum in the world, okay? Why? Why? Because I can't hear what this guy is. Okay. See ya. What a call. Is that kind of like, leave you just scratching your thing and wondering what that was all about? George is scratching the chicken bone and they're right now. At least it looks like a chicken bone. 1217 at WIOD. We have an open line. Starline at StarIOD. Here's Maria. Yes. Maria. Oh. I just had a bout of Maria. God, I'm calling you. The airwaves were barren without you. Maria, let me tell you something. The airwaves in this town are so barren that it's embarrassing. Oh, this is, this, this market is on a, on a par with O'Cala Florida. That's the level of entertainment on radio in this market. I see Steve Ziggler walking down the hall. And I want to tell them that we have a problem in our pot. And I want the engineering people to get their act together and clean up our pot. Oh, I have it on good authority. The reason that management didn't spend you, yes, flowers and flowers. They should only rot. They should only rot. They should only die a wicked death. Are you authority told me? Yes. Well, by the way, can I hint interrupt you before you go on? Yeah. Cheryl, by the way, I noticed this is out today. I hope she's not feeling ill or something what she is here now. I have good news in bad news. Cheryl, the good news is my mother brought me a whole thing full of mundled bread to bring in for Cheryl today. The bad news is I ate it. Oh, go on. I did. I ate all of it. Good for you. The whole bag full. It was great. Oh, gosh. Well, anyway, higher authority told me the reason they didn't send you flowers. Yes. You're going to get a big fact salary increase. Oh, Maria, you really have a sense of humor. Don't you, yeah. You're a real community. Maybe I'll put a bug up, you know. Yeah. How about putting your foot up is, uh, you're going to be even better. Okay. So this is from Neil. Right. Anyway, welcome back to your. Thanks, Maria. Keep on. Okay. Bye. Bye. Boy, she does have a sense of humor, huh? Open line in date 751 WIOD. Boy, sure what she could read the screen. Plantation. Hello. Hello. What was that? I don't know. Thank you. My home. My mother's phone. I know you were. Frankie, he's on the phone on the radio right now. And Mama's on there, touching around on your call. Hey, Leo. Cheese, huh? Thanks. Listen, I got a beef in plantation. Yes. Got to come a comment to make this guy. Cross the street. We had a party about a week ago. Yeah. Accidentally left the car across the sidewalk for a night. Yeah. He called the cops the next day. Oh, geez. Yeah. So far. The cops come. The cops on me. And I got a $30 ticket. Yeah. So far. For what? For having the car over the sidewalk. Well, excuse us, sir. Okay. Excuse us for ruining your pathetic old decaying life. What a pathetic guy that is. I mean, this is plantation. Yeah. Figures. The public. Right. Yeah. So I just wanted to call him a douchebag. Okay. Don't do it again, Frankie. All right. Tell Mama to stay off the phone. Yeah. Well. All right. See you. Now we're starting to get some good calls, Dammit. Including Maria with her sense of humor about to go to give me a big raise, which is why they didn't bother send me a pansy or two or anything like that. So what you want your team for us back? This was supposed to be spontaneous, guys. We don't need to hook up wireless mics and strap the bartenders down. Hold on. Just a second. Well, bartenders are busy, man. Okay. Oh, we can hear you good, Marvin. Hey, Marvin. Okay. We got a shot of fellow, Masha, a querval gold. Okay. We need to get a shot of a collula. That was right. We're spot the collula. Yeah. Old drinko has the cellar. Oh, come on. Oh, it's rare. It's rare. It's rare. Yeah. It's rare. Oh, man. Hey, make that two-con drinkos. Here we can search this Monday afternoon on South Florida's news traffic and weather station. News talk, radio, six-stand WIOD. That's the latest news traffic and weather info each morning with Mike Rinery in the morning information team just before the Neil Rogers show. Google, Google. I don't see you. 1225, a WIOD, and we need to get our pod clean. Hear that? We got a dirty, rusty, disgusting pod. All it takes is one of those little usch pritzers. Okay. And what were your spritz at though? Let's take the whole border part right on the air here. Let's just unscrew it and rip all the guts out. Kind of like being in a hospital. There's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I'm so glad you're back. But I have a little story to relate. I'm almost glad I'm back and that's saying a lot. Well, I had a similar experience. I went into the hospital on Friday for a very routine procedure of blasting a kidney stone with a laser. And it was here, huh? Oh. I didn't know they could do that before. Well, I'm telling you they put some kind of a tube up in me all the way to my kidney. And all the skin and it feels like it's made out of cactus. And I suffered the whole weekend. Sick from the anesthesia, pain from the thing. And. Well, wait a minute. I feel just like you do a bot doctor's in hospital. You had a local or general. I had general. Oh, you had general. Oh, man. And I came out the next day, but I didn't. You've been one. I've been sick the whole weekend. I'll see what happened. Did they get the stonet least? They broke it up, but I mean, I got to have this tube taken out today. And they talk like it was. Thanks. You know, yeah. And I can certainly. Piece of cake. Anybody that says piece of cake just run the other directions. Screaming and yelling. Oh, my God, if I ever get a nutty stone, I want somebody to shoot me. Yeah. Just wanted to tell you, I understand how you feel. I'm going through the same thing. And I'll get really when they take this to about. Well, you're not going to have to put you under anesthesia again. I don't know, but I don't think it's going to feel good. I'm going to 230. Are you serious? Not to the hospital. They're going to do it in the office. Oh, no. It's just been like a lost weekend for me. No, no, what you went through. Well, good luck. Well, thank you. Say save the tube for a posterity. Okay. Glad you're back. Thanks. Okay, bye. Bye. Hmm. Piece of cake. Nothing to do it, bye. No problem. Yeah, you tell them, Rich. 1227 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in date, 751. Actually, piece of cake sounds pretty good right now. Piece of anything sounds pretty good right now. Do we have anything that I like in there? God, I gave away the sandwich because it was big enough for a horse. And I don't want to start just because my gallbladder is out right now. And I don't have to watch what I eat so much. It's not going to excuse for me to start ballooning up to a jacket. What is in that? That's the sandwich? Well, I might take half of that. It's just too much meat. You know, I mean, if it's good meat, that's great. But too much meat is not good. Believe me, take it from somebody who knows. Just the right amount of meat is where it's at. Not all that meat. Here's the four-laternal. Hello. Hi. Welcome back, sir. Yes, sir. What a week. What a week. Who put together the best in the home? George puts together. What does he do? Just randomly pick out a day or something. He said you're number one and number two and number three. How do you like that? Am I wrong? Are you wrong about what? Am I wrong? Wait a minute. You think that while I was going to the most, do you think that I ever turned the station on even once? Not a chance. Not for a moment. I never gave it a thought. See, you know what bothers me about this place? I realize it's a business. I realize they pay me a lot of money. But you know something. It may come as a shock to some of these graverobbers here. There are more important things in everybody's life than WIOD or any other radio or television. Do you understand what I'm saying? I mean, like if you feel like your whole life is flashing before your eyes, the last thing you're all concerned about is what kind of manure they're going to slab on here for four hours to fill in at a time. Because I know them. They'll throw anything in there. They'll throw tapes of grandma Moses farting on there for four hours. If that'll fill the time, they don't. They can get away with it. They don't care. Not one time during the week. Was there any during that time? Was there any update or anything? Well, that's very frustrating. Well, that's very nice, isn't it? It was actually frustrating. Isn't that interesting that I had to call in from the hospital and beg to get a- Oh, and you wanted to hear the best part. I call in Marvin. Here's another thing that goes on in this station. I call. I had talked to Rick off the year at about a quarter to two. Okay, because I was really frantic. I really felt like somebody needed to know I wanted to get out of there. So I call in about ten minutes after two. And as usual, I don't know what the bad line number is. I forgot in a long ago. I call in on a regular call in line. Date line, right? And the same old crap with Mark W.I.O.D. please hold. And he puts me on a hole. I don't even get a chance. I'm like, oh, I'm Marvin, it's me. But no chance. I'm on a hole. And I'm sitting listening to the pre-delay or whatever. I mean, I just can't believe what goes on in this radio station. If you had like a life-and-death emergency and you didn't know the bat line, and you called up and you wanted to talk to somebody off the year. Please hold. And you're listening to a monovon or whatever it is. I mean, what kind of crap is that? Well, I was thinking earlier when you said you hadn't heard from Disney or any of those other guys. No. I think of my position. I think of most other people who are employed by someone. If I were to have gone through the same thing that you did, you know Dan Weld that I hear from my employer. You know what really cracks me up. You remember when they were squeezing the 9.30 and 10.5 hour out of me? And the rationale was because I was so important to WIOD that it was just a central for me to do that extra half hour. Yeah, I was so important. I was important enough to get the extra half hour out so I could go to the ratings up and bolster up that pathetic hour in there. But I'm not important enough that even like a phone call, like sign. You know how far it is from here to Mount Sinai? Do you know how far it is? I mean WIOD is in North Bay Village on the Kennedy Causeway out here. Mount Sinai Hospital is that you could throw a rock from here to where it is on Miami Beach. Okay. Well, Pox on them. They should be quite honestly. They should be embarrassed to pass you in the hall for the next. Exactly. No, any. Let them pass this. Have a great day. Have a great day. Hey. It's good to hear you back. Thanks. Take care. See ya. They may not be good. But what are you going to do? Just sit that in the window there for the next hour and a half. Maybe I'd like to have soup. I have the sandwich. I don't want to eat. I don't want more soup. It was very good. But I listen. One trip downstairs. I'm going to weaken condition. I can't keep running up and down the stairs. Like the good old days with the green apple. Oh, and let me tell you the best story. Okay. See you think that you've heard all the stories. I got millions of stories. And each one of them is true. I want you to listen to this very carefully. George, you were a witness. The day before I go in for my surgery was a Thursday. Right. A week ago, Thursday. Do you remember Jim can't find the remedy came in here and brought me a little special gift that day? Remember those chocolates? Do you remember that? That little box from the nut place up there? And he says to me, he says, Don't worry. This has no sugar in it. It's not regular chocolate. And also, it doesn't have any sorbetal. Okay. Now keep in mind, this is the day before I'm going to go in for my surgery in which case you want to be in your struggles. You certainly don't want to be in a weakened condition. You don't want to have the green apple quick step all afternoon evening on the day before you go in for your surgery, feeling like you have no energy in your body. Well, guess what? It may not have been sorbetal, but it was some tall to make the short and the tall in the long of it because from about an hour after I got home that afternoon until until I came Remember, I had an experience though which you can't even begin to imagine. Okay, from those candies. They opened my body up like somebody had stuck gigantic like a pitchfork in my colon. So thanks a lot, Jim can't find the remedy for making me like, I was in a panic. I thought, oh, it's huge. I sure hope at least this ends before I have to go in for the surgery which I had to do the first thing next morning. Oh man. Thanks a lot remedy man. You guys back there continue to be the best. They are just they're indescribable. They're just continuing to play with my life and my body. Just leave me alone, do not bring me any more food, do not bring me any more anything. Just stay away from my face and stay away from my life and go out there and write a bunch of bogus contracts and leave us alone. Is what I say. That's a good post-drami sandwich from sunny is this morning and the soup was great only too much. So I took like all the excess meat off of there and I got about a pound and a half extra. Why do places do that? Can you explain to me why? Like some of the deli type places that I want to mention their names and they have the big sandwiches and they like, There's like four times more meat than there needs to be like, oh, look while we're giving you for your money. Okay, that's why the sandwiches like 995. I know want to pay $10 for a sandwich. Okay. How about give me a sandwich for like $3.95 and give me like a third or a half of all that meat? I don't need all that meat. Nobody in the world needs all that meat. You're poisoning us. You're tearing our kishki's out with those gigantic obnoxious self-indulgent concoctions. Why? Why are you doing that to us? And as far as norm canis concern, let me say it again. Doctors and lawyers are the absolute scourge of American society. There's a strong, our world of planet in which we live. It's a disgrace. And how come instead of wasting his time playing radio on a make-believe radio station, talking to Alta Cocker's every day and pretending to be something that he's not. Why isn't this man out there fighting the evils of the medical profession? Like the late Henry Rothbatt. God, do we need another Henry Rothbatt to come back on here and scream, Dr. Welser, conjured Dr. He was the best. He was the greatest. We need another Henry Rothbatt. Not these wimps out there who are busy running around trying to be overgrown, a baseball player. We need people who give a damn about protecting the public at about correcting the injustices of mankind. That's what we need, norm. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hi. How are you doing, Neil? I'm doing fine. Hi. I'm glad to hear your back. And I just want the call and say, I have a theory of the why your managers didn't call. It's checkup on you. What is that? I'm going to say a very jealous of you and they're happy when they see you down. Right, absolutely. You are. You're going to see you down. Right. I haven't wanted to call somebody. A douche bag was going around here. A sand in my character. Okay. His name is Carlton and I want to call him the doucheous nephew of the bag. That's my opinion. I'm my Disney. Okay. I'll write a book. I have a great day. 1240, what a WIOD. We have an open line in date. 751. I'll tell you the only thing they care about in this radio station is whether you come to the Christmas party and suck around. I'm serious. That's the only thing they care about. All right. They don't give a damn. If you're dying, if you're lying, if you're alive, if you're dead, all they care about is if you're like play along and suck around and suck up to a bunch of people that hate you like poison. And if you are them, you hate them like, eh, come around and pretend. Okay. Put on this big plastic front for us. That's all they care about. Come to the Christmas party and suck around a lot. Then they like you. Oh, what a great guy. Man. Let's take his mother to lunch again. So I hope Cheryl got the message about all that delicious mandal bread that my mother brought yesterday. A whole bag full. And my mother and my aunt left after a nice lunch and a nice gathering. That was a little bit too long. But, and from the time they left the time I went to bed just slowly but surely, I ate it all. Can't eat only two or three pieces of mandal bread. You have to eat the whole bag full. It was delicious, Cheryl. Hollywood. Try me all you're doing. Great. Hey, how's mom doing anyway? She's a crazy is ever. Have I heard on the best of, uh, I guess last time the air condition was out or something like that? I think I even heard grandma Moses fart in a couple times on that show. Yeah, the fact that we're going to be taking excerpts of that for the next day. Yeah, really. Those are your chronic dead bee pelth from California. Yeah. What's going on? Did you get my card? About one. Oh, yeah, by the way, thanks to everybody who sent cards. There were like, Jillian's a cards and notes and stuff and that was very nice. Oh, I mean, more than I got from this place. Yeah, that's really, uh, Pauling man. I'm going to keep mentioning it for about a week till I get it out of my system. I mean, I grant you it's not a big deal, but it's just, it's just common sense. It's just common courtesy. If the janitor had a hang day, all it was in a hospital for two days, they would send them a card. Not as much as a phone call. Nothing. I know. And especially you would think after last Monday when I made that frantic call, when I was, I'm not joking. I really was desperate. I was praying somebody would just come over there and kind of run in her parents to save me from what they were trying to do to me over there. Well, maybe the baby doesn't think about it now. Yeah. Hey, I want to press. I'll let you know when to exhale. Hey, how big and how many were there, man? I didn't. I have no idea. Oh, they didn't tell me. Rick and suds have better idea because they haven't got a call from somebody who was, uh, some kid who was in on a procedure over there. You know, somebody in OR. Well, they have like a a squirt by squirt. The squirt by squirt description. Yeah. I mean, that would have been something good to, uh, you know, have a bedding line on it. Right. I think they in fact that they were doing that the day before I went, when as I was driving home that afternoon, getting the servitile out of my system. I heard they were doing that at the overrun ongers. Felix, longer? No, doctor. I'll handle longer. Anyway, all right. Hey, we're glad you're back. Me, all my dog needs to walk. So I got to go. Okay. Okay. instructions making an example fromzncom. Yeah, that's for you. Thank you. Thanks for more WIO. Yeah. My mom took care of my dogs for a couple of days. Got pretty cozy with him, as a matter of fact. Kind of took over my entire household. But I don't want to get into that because the, and I, a come home Tuesday morning. I practically break out of the hospital. I drive up to my house. And my mother's car and my maid's car. Are they? I mean, everything that's ever been invented and it got better from there. Here's a lady from Coco Plum. Hello? The lady from Coco Plum is gone? Well, up your is honey, okay, I'm really so sorry that you had to wait more than 30 seconds to get on a year. People who do that, I'm telling you, somebody should come along and just strap them to a hospital bed. And forced them to undergo every invasive procedure that's ever been invented and maybe try a few new ones as in like, hey, probe this. We have an open line in date, 751, Wild, let's do Miami. Hello? Hey, Leo. Yeah. Great, pal. I saw you two some more and then go down the planet. I was the crazy floor in the Subaru. Remember, you were getting on to the turnpipe? Going down the palm of the planet. I mean, going down 95, getting on to the turnpipe and I was getting on to the palm of the planet. Who's there? Yeah, when you come over to the hospital. Oh, you mean going up a sea there, you're doing it again? Going up the, yeah. Yeah, right. Now you were coming home from the hospital. Right. And I was going to work. I remember. Yeah, I was vaguely. I was so dizzy. I didn't know what planet I was. I bet I wasn't driving too good either. Remember, you know, I saw the bed. I said, it looks like meals, but the rest of the mess I've heard, yeah, he's doing the hospital and they go up the unit. I was me all right. Yeah, when I saw you, I was like, oh, there he is. So how are you feeling? I'm not doing too bad. That's good. I'm glad to be alive. You know what? I appreciate the fresh air and the flowers and whatever else you got. Yeah, that's great. I just took care of believe the company didn't take care of you. Say hello. Nothing. That's terrible. Zero. They still haven't. Yeah, right? Okay, I just wanted to wish you my best. Okay, thanks a pile. Yeah, bye, bye. See ya. 1246 the WIOD. We have an open line in the day here at all heart radio where we care enough to send our very best. Not. Got those slow move and break dragon, bumper to bumper blues. Just be your stuck in traffic right now. I guess you missed that traffic report on 610WIOD. Stop singing and stay tuned to 610WIOD for Skywatch 610 traffic updates. 30 days from the morning into the afternoon and throughout the night. Skywatch 610 traffic from South Florida's news traffic and weather station. News truck radio. 610WIOD and bus stop bumper to bumper blues. There's plenty of baseball action this weekend right here. Join us Saturday and Sunday for the best American and national league. 1250 10 to the WIOD man, I'm feeling better now. You know why it's almost one o'clock and by just before 2 o'clock I'm going to be feeling great. Miami. Hello. Welcome back sir. Thank you so much sir. Two things. Yes. You in a metto type. And it's been gone. Danny Jackson has won two games in a row. And how is it to the Pirates lost 13 out of 16 games in her 700 games ahead now? Can you explain that to me? Yeah and Jim Le's say is crying because of what's in the room. Jim Le's say whoever the hell is the name of the game. Love it. Yeah. What I'm a Yankee. I don't care about it. But Bobby Bont Hood is back. He's trained the muscle in his right side. Bobby Bont's are very fun. Very Bobby Same difference. You know what I'm talking about. Boy, you know your baseball. You ought to be doing our sports talks show. You know what? And another thing about the medication you were given. Don't blame it on the people in the pharmacy department. Because my better half worked here. Because I want my better half work at Mount Sinai. I didn't get it from Mount Sinai. I got it from the pharmacy where I get my, what does that got to do with anything? Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I apologize. But Danny Jackson's won two in a row since you've been sick as that. Give you a hint over there. And they all worry. Okay. I would like to say I hope you feel better. Thanks. Why? 1252 at WIOD here at the Heinrich Himmler School of Better Health and Healing. We have an open line in date 751 field this. And here's what I can't read this at all. I mean, I can. But I have to like, in other words, the whole vision pattern is changed. Which is good because I have these great progressive lenses. I just have to like put my head up like a bird. Oh, hey, there you are. See you like if I'm going to see you. You have to stand on the ceiling. West Palm Beach. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Great. Hey, Neil. The Matt's rule of the National League. Yeah, that's obvious. They didn't take care of the pirates the way we were. They did it, boy. They are really smoking. Fall part of the master plan. Give him a false sense of security. Right. Exactly. And then when they least expected win a game. You think Jeff Torborks going to be the manager after the all start. I think Howard Johnson couldn't hit you with a bat from two feet away. That's what I thought. Next year they're going to sign pocket and bonds and help you. Okay. See you later. Good luck. I hope you feel better. Thanks. I noticed by the way, George Steinbrenner. I mentioned this for my good close personal friend, Alan J. Finkelson. Thanks. Poppin' O'Parks. It's beautiful. gigantic fruit basket. It would lots of, I mean, like with good stuff in it. You know, sometimes people send you stuff like that. And it's like all this artsy, far it's the. It's stuck you throw away. It's direct. But this was great. And I really appreciated that. But what I started to mention is that Alan's great personal friend, George Steinbrenner, thought he was going to muscle his way back in and get permission to start paging around with the Yankees again next year. And low and behold, at the very last moment comes to fight out. That all these people are ready to step forward and testify that he was like already involved. When he wasn't supposed to be and like not so fast, if they if they've been sent isn't the worst commissioner of baseball in history of the game. I'd sure like to know who was. I'll tell you that. He is at a disgrace. He is at a disgrace. Never trust a man named Faye. I'll tell you that right now. A little piece of personal advice. Do not trust anybody named Faye. Boca. Yes, sir. I want to know the day that article from New York Times about the podcast, Dr. Bobster. Who was in yesterday's Sun Sentinel page 3A? Thanks. My sister was in the Aftlufra Goldblader. Yeah. And the same thing happened. It punctured along. Oh, I'm at respirator. Some children were along. Punisher? Yep. Right through it. Oh. And so what happened? We almost left. Are you cereal? Yeah. The piece of cake. And now is in Baltimore now. Yeah. Now tiny. Incredible. So glorious. Okay. Good luck to you. See you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. That was the best call we've had in years on this show. That was great. I like his style. We have an open seat. In spite of all adversity, you just have to look at the good things in life. That's what they see in the hospital. When you're lying there in a pool of your own blood. We have an open line on the out of timeline. And that's just a bunch of the only minutes away. That's always a good thing. I mean, the stuff that they bring you. I wouldn't see. I haven't even scratched the surface. I didn't mention about the morning that the blood test results showed my blood sugar was 300, which is very high. And they were bringing me like apples juice and ice cream. And of course, I'm diabetic. So that made all the sense in the world. Let's see if we can't get it up to maybe 500. And then put them into a diabetic coma just to make it perfect. That would be a good idea. And of course, my panic doctor. I don't want to mention which one that was. But Dr. Panic across the street. Hi, you're about the body. He's giving me insulin. I said, I don't want insulin. Don't you understand? I don't take insulin. Now, just one time, okay? I mean, he goes into such a panic. And that's see, that's what I like is that good calm reassuring bedside manner. Hey, you're going to die. That's what I like. Seriously, that's just exactly what you need when you're lying there. Help us in the hospital. And like your whole life is flashing before you are your eyes. You need somebody who is absolutely overreacts and gets you crazy. I mean, even in high anxiety, Mel Brooks never saw anything like, well, I'm standing. I'm not, you're laughing. I'm not exaggerating. Hi, you're bleeding inside. Hi, you're lungs, blood clots. I. Right. Hey, I feel better already. Just having you around, Doc. Just hold my hand. And, uh, oh, God. On second thought, hold this. We have an open line in date, 751 Wiod. And what on the other timeline? 1-800. Elurgic reaction. That's, I think that's what I'm having the whole audience. It's allergic reaction. There's a pig reporting hall in Papadol. It's not for the morning. It's not for the afternoon. Yes, sir. Whatever it is. That's the, how if I just do the villagers tell that you're here. He'll end up attacking a lot. I call it a station memory. Yeah, I'm sure they had a lot of information. I find it. Well, actually, I don't know why I spoke with, but it just rang quick. Somebody finally picked it up. And, uh, I just want to find out if they had the knowledge of what was going on and only said, uh, yeah, we talked to him all the time. Yeah, right. Right. There you go. 95 between Sample Road and No. 414. There. About 13 count. 13 of them. Wow. They have it a picnic out there. Those people are lucky day folks. 13 of them. Great. Gotta keep the set up. Yes, sir. They'll keep healing up and we'll talk to you, sir. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. 1257 at W.Y.O.D. Starlines open Star I.O.D. Uh, oh, man, I feel so much better now. Look, now look at this. I'm going to have to throw out all of that. Pastrami. There's like about a quarter of a pound there and pastrami is not cheap, but, you know, you guys to make these sandwiches. It's not that we don't appreciate it, but it just isn't necessary to overdo the amount of meat. Too much meat is a killer. Believe me. I think these guys over there must be from the John home school of sandwich making or something. I mean, enough is enough. Let's use a little bit of moderation, okay? Hollywood. Yeah. Great. I just want to see welcome back. And I cannot believe that public health is only kicking serious ass. I don't, I mean, not be wrong. You know, the best thing that happened to the cubs was when Sammy Sosa got hit on the hand with that pitch and fractured a bone in his hand. And yesterday, you notice how Doug DeSenzow ripped that great double in the gap and set up that big inning. And, you know, we finally got Sammy out of the line up. That's the secret trick is we got his ass out of there. I can't believe the only three out of, you know, 500 can't believe it. Yeah. Hey, you big kid off the serious butt. Yeah. And they also want to say, my Disney Amboy Giri and Management of both my asshole. Hey, man. Bye. Thank you for your perspicacious observations. We have three open lines. Now as we approach that gigantic dreaded one to two hour, one in day, 751 Wiod. Starline, if you got Bell South mobility, please. I know it's Monday. I really apologize for putting the tremendous amount of pressure on the audience that I had today. I had enough common sense to come back. Like I had a Tuesday or Wednesday, would have displayed a much greater amount of class in my part. I apologize. North Miami. Hello. Hello, there. Welcome back. Thank you, sir. I think God was in my son. I think I had the same guy inside of me that you did over there. Really? Yeah. The surgeon? The wine? Dr. Unger? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was in my son. I had a couple of operations to see operated on me. Really? Yep. I'll be damned. Well, I was learning if the person who recommended him to you was a good friend or not so good friend. I was wondering how to rate him now. That was fat rich. Well, I don't know how to take that. Fat rich. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. I'm going to say. Greatest yenta in the world fat rich. Be sick. No problem at all. Mr. Fat. Mr. Rex. Come on. You are your team. The new roger's home. Let me tell you something. The only thing bigger than the one that told our is that Debbie Alice. Boy, you see a cow. Ooooo! Jump as you are. You've worked out for never been there. You thought we're some big and college band. From Atlanta, some place will sure. Just like them. All our lyrics make no sense at all. Off the wall. My list track is just verbal library. The library is just... The best one. The highest star. The light twin and the others. Teenage dudes. The major truth is just verbal library. The hell's got... Diary. Yeah. The truth is... Because we're not our young. We're much tougher than... The word not our young. The man from your world. You've faced down around years like yet. The game is reaching. It's really stupid. We're just enjoying it. Are they like in the building today? I did notice that on... Was it last Friday? Were it in Mexico again? What is that? What is that all about? Thomas again. Pledge in his brains out. Drinking up a storm. Here's a lady in plantation. Hi, Neil. Hi. I'm glad you made it back in one piece. Well, thanks so much. And at least a couple of pieces anyway. I can't believe the management in that place. Huh. That is disgusting. Believe it. Believe it. I can't believe it. Yeah. They may not be good but they're consistent. They're consistently indifferent toward anything. That is... Was no excuse for that. Now you understand. Now you understand when they were... They had me doing the 9.30 to 10. And I said to them, it's too much stress and I can't do this. And I'm just telling you, I'm trying to explain it. You follow. They don't relate to that. They don't comprehend anything on a human level. They're not capable of doing it. Unbelievable. Neil, you couldn't make enough money. Believe me. Right. Once you're creep. Yeah. Anyway, you mentioned before, confessions of a medical heritage. Dr. Robert Mendelssohn. Well, I was in the car driving home Saturday night. And it happened to have a radio accident. And I tuned in to WIOV. Well, I'm sure he was non because he's been dead for a couple of years. No. He was on boy. That was a miracle. Mitch Lewis, I guess it is. Mitch Lewis. Mitch Lewis. Mitch Lewis. Mitch Lewis. Mitch Lewis. Mitch Lewis. Mitch Lewis. Mitch Lewis. Mitch Lewis. Rich Lewis. The stars low in frost not reaching the sea, but the  putwood. Mitch Lewis. Darrylrich Trump. Jim Wright.irtschaft. Michael watch Once Mama Wilson. To Staff seven. Anthony Wilson. Portbook, , Hopefully I'll never have a chance to go to a hospital or a doctor again. Don't do it. I'm not You have to take care of yourself and just Drink plenty of juice. Did you see the thing on 60 minutes last night? No, I missed it. They had a thing on 60 minutes about the California Medical Board and about how they absolutely Refuse to take away any doctor's license and they had this one doctor Boggs who has been convicted of murder and Bootering up all these other people and he's still got a license to practice and his asses in jail for murder. I think doctors are the The lowest form of life Yeah, some of them most of them I should they're only up for the money and their lifestyles. I mean Everything you can out of the public. I mean the public is so stupid the public has been so brainwashing Brainwashing that's what Bob Mendelssohn used to write about about the do you know about was like a temple when you go in and the doctors were in the the white Smok just like the priest wears his outfit in the room. It's just power that they wheeled over you and then he Not your Sydney singer is the name George was a do-man He's the one I was on with the night rhythms excellent. I mean I could have listened for hours But everything you said me all is so true and all these senior citizens down here who are hooked on like 75 different Prescription drugs that are interacting with each other and got them all spaced out and got to build it up in the morning and A pill to go to bed at night and a pill to be able to sleep and a pill to be able to have a BM and a pill to be able to I Mean it's just on bowl. I'm just refused to listen they just want to go to the doctor give him their money Let the doctor give them a description come home and and you know My advice is get a second opinion and a third opinion and then they'll be skeptical stay away from doctor's period right Like I said the only the only reason to visit a hospital or a doctor's if you're bleeding to death or you have a broken bond Right and if you weren't winning I think that's it. Yeah, okay Have a great day. Take care. Good luck right you too. 11 after one at Wio D. We have an open line in the center square five two four Doctor Wio D Pompano harness racing three nights a week every Thursday Friday and Saturday through July 25th enjoy a schedule of live harness racing and Some of North America's top races. Samelcass directly two Pompano harness by the way We didn't have that race on we had the race from Greenwood on Saturday in Toronto Which was a good one with Western Hanover getting beat by Carl's bad the Hanover whatever that horse with right-out But also Serity night at Hazel Park in Detroit. They had that Who cannot what what the host the name of that big hundred thousand dollar race water race that was arts place held off do run run Rougas by a neck in a track record one fifty two it was just incredible Which has nothing to do with anything this Friday It'll be family united pop at a harness kid 17 and under are always welcome and admitted freedom the grandstand with a parent Fifty cent hot dogs soft drinks in bureau be available to concession stands throughout the grandstand enjoy an outdoor barbecue Which chicken ribs on the track side level live musical entertainment will also be featured track side level Saturday night featured the Samelcass to the one million dollar North America cup final from Greenwood raceway in Toronto And see this years top three-year-old faces as they compete in Canada's richest harness race. It should be a great one Also, Serity night you could win a thousand dollars cash. All you have to do is enter for a chance to win nothing to buy into obligation So be sure and be there Saturday or every night Thursday Friday and Saturday and members of our WIO D. Pompano fan racing stable be sure to use your horse owner's pass free club house admission every racing night to summer right through July 25 Don't forget every Thursday Friday and Saturday night. Pompano harness post time 730. See you this weekend for sure Getting into me took a mallet and give a big a hawk on your stomach all of a sudden a few days later You'd be black and blue too, and if you were fat it takes days For that to work. It's way through the layers of fat is what he explained to me I just showed Cheryl my beautiful black and blue side and she said Yeah, see maybe now you don't want the mind will bread. Okay. Well, I'll get some more for you. Okay, but I'll have to bring it over immediately Well, it isn't yours anymore. I'll bring you the bag with your name on it. Okay No, she doesn't the bomb sure she does now. She's listening. Oh, Sto's starling a guilt trip on me Okay, all the food that I've had brought in special for you in this place all the special orders I've had brought in for you Yeah, right you're full of crap. Don't start giving me a song at a dance about all your ex husbands Will it one 15 at WIO D what you're not feeling well today? Why what are you got? Anything exotic why don't you go over and see he'll get a little expensive good stuff for you cross the street He'll give you like 75 different colored pills one for each hour. Hello, Doc, you got a pill for me Go over and get some tests. He'll take a few tests one 60 And I'm not going over there by the way. Okay. I'm not going over About what no, I'm not taking anything back. Okay You haven't had enough has but oh, yeah, Eddie are you married? We need to fight out. We still is it Eddie? Sure, I want to know if Eddie is married. Now that's an inside thing. I don't know who Eddie is and I haven't seen him yet I'll give you an opinion later after I see him. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Hi I'm glad to hear your back. I was on the case and found out when I came back to you in the hospital Yeah, well, I was only supposed to be there for a day or two at the most. This is a little you know They give you a song in a dance. It's a very minor procedure. It's a piece of cake They make the four little incisions. They snip it out and a lot of people walk out They go home the same day or the next day, but guess what not everybody's the same Well, I hate the birthed your bubble The three years ago three years ago. I had mine yanked out. Yeah, I knew the old fashion one. Oh, yeah, yeah Yeah, that's my place Well, my stones were too big to crush yeah, and so they had to take it out manually So 10 days in the hospital all day days. Oh, I can't I can't imagine 10 days. I can't imagine that and I can't imagine the bill either that must be like $50,000 17,732 that's awesome. That's not much that was just a hospital must be the little rentist Yeah Anyway, I still can't eat it Arnold. It still kills me really Drums me insane a can't eat that can't eat pizza with wine Drives my stomach crazy. Well, how long ago was it out three years ago? And they tell me they tell me I have post gallbladder syndrome It's only supposed to last up to six months after you've had it yanked out Yeah, I'm working on three years and I still have it. Oh, man wouldn't have been something after you have it out And then you still got problems with all that stuff. That's right. I still I'm the biggest thing is cinnamon Canning anything with me. I love cinnamon. I do canning cinnamon rolls canning anything with cinnamon in it So don't be surprised if you don't have some problems because they warned me I haven't had it. I mean, well, see I don't mean I'm so incoherent that I really don't know if I have problems Anything can I I gotta tell you a little thing I don't want to sound like a hypochondrick, but you know after you have something in your body that you're allergic to right Until it gets out of your system when you eat Even if the problem has subsided when you eat it starts like a chemical reaction in your body again And the and the allergy starts up again So on Wednesday or whatever day it was Wednesday night I went through this horror with this penicillar was allergic to and the rash and the Screaming scratching and the hives so the Thursday It had subsided pretty well by lunchtime I had lunch and about 20 minutes after lunch all of a sudden it starts again Yeah, and I thought oh this can't be happening to me So I took a benadryl and by the way Cheryl thank you. Cheryl suggested I take a benadryl She'd called me because benadryl is for allergies and I even thought about it And I love benadryl it works very well on me so 20 minutes after all the itching went away Six hours later. I have dinner Thursday night and after about a half hour after dinner It starts it comes back like the very first night. I mean with a vengeance Just the reason that happens that way is is just really not a chemical reaction actually when you eat Your body heat increases. Yeah, when your body heat increases to get rid of the food in your system It also helps that allergic reaction that you had to heat up again It was still in your system. Yeah, so anyway. I took two benadryl and 20 minutes later I was not only over the itching, but I was already in the second sleeping like a child So I say how will you for benadryl? Well, anyway. I'm still suffering me I still have problems and I still have the potting problems. I'm running to the bathroom as soon as I meet something anything Are you serious? No, no I run to the bathroom as soon as I meet no soon I have got to send you some of that great cabbage soup. I'll keep you busy the rest of the week Good luck the back door trucks forever. Okay. All right. Good luck. Bye. Wow Butchers You Was for continuous guys really need to hook up wireless mice and strap the bartender down hold on just a second Okay, oh we can hear you good Marvin. Hey Marvin. Okay. We got a shot of telemachotic wearable gold. Okay, now you need to get a shot of Kalua Oh Here we can such this Monday afternoon on South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 W I O D The opinions expressed in this program. I'm necessarily those of 610 W I O D response. I have no force I'm For three and a half years. There's a seven million people take house on every day in America And there is a night I was a zombie I was walking around I was so tired But she'd get no sleep when you come across house 124 W I O D that should explain why he looks that way here's Boker hello Yeah Uh-huh I think your phone needs the phone doctor The worst awful I'm saying the hospitals are most helpless situation the person to be placed in true I had a Lick operated out of well back and Willing me down to the operating room and I was waiting in the hallway on the journey and They put me in the wrong operating room and they started pumping me for Hercordry and Up area and then Coat find out the person between the IV and my arm With a student and Well, I was a little pin pushing to find a listen you got to learn somewhere Oh, man, I felt like a sprinkler Yeah, but I just wanted to say you know where I glad to have you back and I told those doctors and those hospitals Better to stay out on the street than being there. Hey, man. Okay. Thank you pal have a great life 125 what I do with that article. I throw it out Let me again, in case you missed the earlier part of the show recommend in the sunset and along page 3 a yesterday Reprinted from the New York Times news service Surgeons botch new technique is the headline complication's arise from procedure to remove gallbladder's and the first paragraph says surgeons who rushed to use a new technique to remove gallbladder's That's laparoscopic Surgery which is what I had without adequate training have watched many procedures So I think a real good idea before the anesthesiologist sticks that needle into the IV would be to look up at these surgeons Say by the way, how many of these have you done before and if you kind of smiles and nervously laughs at all This is the first one I Would like jump up off that table screaming and thrashing all that equipment around and take in just start stabbing people with needles and going crazy It's you're like a prisoner you're like you're like a guinea pig You're like a guinea pig in a laboratory and you're lying there first see the first thing they do is you go in and They have a little cubicle and you take off all your clothes and you fold them all up and put them with all your positions in a little plastic bag and that big kind of a company's you around Like into the ground if necessary and Then you go in a little cubicle and you put on the schmata you put on this little ridiculous gown Why it open in the back? Don't drop the soap and then they put you also put this little silly It's like a shower cap on your head Okay, and now you come out and you lay down on a table and they put the little bag like at the end of the table and You're lying there and then they stick the IV into your wrist and They start explaining to you in the anesthesiologist who by the way was a very nice girl extremely nice What do they what do they call those? They're like trainees what do they call those? Interns not known and not interns there's a Well, whatever they call them they're like learning okay and Then they had some other guy. Oh, yeah, we both listen to your show and we love you now this first thing we do Apprentice no not a predator the sorcerer is a predator's right and this first Injection we're gonna give you this first drug this first powerful mind-altering chemical We're gonna give you is going to like help you forget what's going on now? Which naturally you can imagine right off the bat they want you to forget everything They don't want you to remember any of it just in case Because you'll notice that the majority of the time what seems to be over just kind of overriding everything else It's called covering your ass. That's what they want to do against malpractice against lawsuits And I want to say this to every doctor and everybody in that profession out there in the whole wide world Don't belly ached us about the malpractice insurance rates because there's only one group of people that brought that on and that's the butchers out there who are killing people every day That's why Like the guy in California who's on who's in jail for murdering people and butchering everybody up It's still got license to practice just in case he should break out a resident a resident right a resident That's a very nice word isn't it a resident? Which means like a amateur hour, you know hey here. How do we do this? I don't know Here's the he had the event lady. Oh, no. Yeah So glad you survived. Yes. I was gonna write a novel if you didn't murder a male sign on it I'm I am serious. I could write not just a book, but in the cyclopidia of books I really could I think I've covered most of the bases today But every few minutes that goes by remember another little sorted chapter that I forgot to talk about No, you'd limited your diet or you all right. You can eat anything now I mean I can eat anything I want but when you're diabetic that doesn't mean all of a sudden you can go out and start getting fat and No, no, I mean other than your type. I mean I do know some fat people who use this operation as an excuse That I want to mention a certain fat friend by name as an excuse to start shoveling it down again Because they want to fill up that vacuum where the bladder used to be Yeah, well, if it weren't for Craig. No one would know anything Craig. Right. Thank God for Craig. Yeah, really can you believe you drove all the way down from Bocaish Let me all the way down in the rain to Mount Sinai Said in the waiting room with a hundred to ninety-year-old the dead people in there and waited for 20 minutes while I yank my Staples out. Yeah, he's good friend. Yeah All right, well, I just want to welcome you back. I'm frantically going through my drawers looking for the card I bought you but can't find it. Well, I thank you for the bag whatever what was in their last week Oh, you're so soft for the puppies and my tape back. That was very nice Well, it Nothing I could do for you. You do a lot for everybody right and by the way if Sal is listening on my block It was sure be nice to see that lawnmode sometime this year. You see how I'm my grasses I'm in ball I since then now. Oh, it is like in human gets All we said all this rain growing like weeds and raw scissors best. Yeah, I'll belpettied us See yeah God she got a sense of humor today or what one thirty butcher up Ross will you please and stopping so damn insecure already God grow up We have an open line in the Broward 5241 on the out of town line 1 800 944 Wild you would have a nice to have like some dessert or something to do To late now, huh? It would have been nice to have something like that today I see can't find the remedy is wandering around out there. I don't want that kind of dessert Okay, I would like to be able to watch the ball game tonight See if we can win another one which would be a miracle That would really I don't have time to be doing the green apple quick step with those candies again. Okay, God that I just I can't believe he did that to me I just can't believe it what a moron. What a yutz. Oh Here somebody gave us this here eat this okay somebody. Yeah. Yeah, right Everybody out there in the world is looking for something. Okay, and these sales people here They're out there to give it to him or is that plastic man card or is our we still in limbo on that did they ever resolve that That's just a joke. Okay. Like I really care whether we're in limbo or not North Miami Beach. Hello Hello North Miami Beach is gone. Well, it's your loss okay. It would have been a great call. Believe me Here's a lady in Kendall. I know hi. I've been in and out of the car home morning So I don't know if somebody's mentioned this before, but if you see that will him hurt movie called the doctor? No Oh, you have to see it now. It's on it's making the rounds, isn't it? It's on video I thought I'm video a couple weeks ago. Yeah, it's about this real smart S doctor who is real flipping with his patients And all of a sudden he's got a medical problem and he has to go under the night and we see how he's created and it's a real eye opener Yeah, so after what you explained, you know, I think you would really get a kick on me I mean, I you know, wouldn't you think that like a common sense bedside manner? Oh, yeah Would be to keep people as calm and as confident as possible without getting them hysterical about I mean In addition to which before you go undergo any kind of surgery Why is it that you have to sign all these consent forms and release forms? But they don't have to tell you anything right don't tell you about any of these possibilities Who is his why when they start screaming in the hospital you start panicking because nobody ever told you about this And if you don't take deep breaths you're gonna get pneumonia So you got to get up and walk around of course if you get up and walk around then you're gonna like probably start bleeding inside and then about Well, maybe you're gonna have like pulmonary Thry embolisms and you're gonna have blood clots in your lungs Where does this all come from? I mean nobody ever gives you a clue on these things can happen? Well, what kills me is the way they treat you like six foot six year old you have to have permission to go to the bathroom Gotta wear those stupid clothes at the end of the movie. He's teaching a bunch of interns and at the end of the movie They have to get into the backless gowns and be patients know how it's how it feels Yeah, well Bob Mendelssohn used to say that that's one of the one of the reasons they do that is to put you on the defensive and and give them as much power over you as possible I know that you feel like you're walking around almost stark naked all the time and you do I've only been in the hospital for childbirth. So believe me that was enough I don't ever want to do that again. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. Yeah, plus what they charge you my gosh That was an experience. I just you know cross my fingers. I'll never get an actual illness if they could have taken any more blood out of me They could have filled up a bathtub and here I got this one doctor who is absolutely hysterical he's taken blood tests every five minutes to see if my blood counts going back up How can your blood count go back up when they keep taking a quarter blood every five minutes? Oh, you know, I killed me the last two last time it was in there. I had a baby amic I was already dismissed. It was the morning after I was getting ready to leave in the guy comes in to take blood What do you need to form going home? Oh, well, we have to have it for a record Right, so we can get that one last charge on at bill that's right. Okay. It's hard you up the nose How to rate day go see that movie now. I will I'll do it. Okay. Bye bye 134 WIOD we have an open line in dates. I'm five one out of town lines sitting there very quiet Palm Beach. They don't care. They're a bunch of grave robbers up there 1-800-9444 WIOD I'd stand dial coming up this afternoon at two. It's Rick Briley in the sense Coleman Join us then for a lick and says And now another in you window filled coffee moment from teasers judge Aren't you going to invite me in for some hot coffee? Just give me a second. I have to put out some cups and sauces teasers choice the coffee that strings you along as it wires you up what an incredible set of China Could you give me a hand here with my cups my pleasure Cream not yet teasers choice if you want to baton off you're gonna have to buy it 21 till two at WIOD. I see such isn't a building here for a rare guest appearance Can't believe these guys are doing a show on the studio today quite a treat quite an honor Plantation Hello, yeah, yeah, yeah, well, hey listen Time marches on this I like to congratulate you on your successful operation. Thank you so much I'm from New York. I haven't really heard about you. I've been listening to daily very impressed I hope you know I think we're not like it's in New York. Why? You know if any radio shows like this in New York I sure hope not hard being embarrassed Yeah, yeah, yeah, I he took what his doctor's all day that all they want his money Your money, right right. That's all he wants. Yeah, all right. Have a great life. Thank you. Bye. Oh I hate to say it, but I think he was like from New York, you know we have an open line and Broward that's ringing as we speak I mean, what was that call about was that like the guy who called it about Howard's member? Being what was there was that a true story when Hross Pero was on because I had a call at home from somebody I didn't want to hear from I don't want to mention Barry Epstein who has no business ever calling me at my house But and he said oh, yeah, they did that thing with life with Hross Pero and the first call was about Mr. Pero would you consider having your brain merged with Howard Stearns penis or something like that and it went on the air on national TV Well, maybe that's what he meant when he said we're gonna do do do do maybe that's one of the things are gonna do Gonna move move move and do do do do I'll tell you one thing you take all three of these candidates and put them together in a barrel and they all stink the same Okay, they make me nauseous and if anybody thinks that I would waste one minute voting for any of these assholes You're in a dream world. I saw Clinton this morning on CBS this morning he makes Jimmy Carter look like a rocket scientist the only he's got that same like quaggle You know that same entry Georgia quaggle And I swear I swear that he spent some time with Ned Bady up in the woods 141 a W. I OD Kendall deal. Yeah, is the true JP McCarty's coming to QAM Yeah, yeah, Dick Perton's coming to the light bulb to do mornings. Yeah. Oh, no Could you play that? It didn't on a bus and Delrey? Yes, sir. All right, thank you wait a minute. What was that noise? Pipey oh the Pipey okay hold out of it. That was the Pipey guy 141 Oh Yeah, I see this thing their Roger clip out all this stuff from the papers from what I was Out of commission and I see that one hysterical thing about again is QAM going all sports and they'll consider it next Before next day. I mean, this has been the biggest joke in the market for how long now is what the hell are they gonna do and can they ever make up their mind? It does anybody care and can they break a point three on QAM? You guys over there are an industry joke You're a joke you can have the marlins you can have the heat you can have the dolphins for our part You can have whatever you want and you still can't break a point five, okay? That's what kind of a station you are God I have no force in Take me away Only I'm just You know the bitch in the rain with my friend I Worked hard it's time to tell my change Customers don't always stay the same All that gonna do again that tells me to do The private herpes she must be in pain Just in here resting my bones When ran away my wife will leave me alone We've talked it over and I never win I just wind up slipping through the morning again Oh, so I said I have been to the rain Waiting for the lovely pasta take me away With my friend I just would love to know what the hell went on here while I was gone I'm just discovering all the slots in there for all the stuff that's sitting back here They're all gone and stuff that used to be there in the two I've only got two rows left in that one rack It's all gone and then I'm noticing over here there's carts back here and I'm looking to put them back where they belong and there's those slots for those So even in Vegas they never saw so many screwed up slots. Okay. I don't know what's going on here George. What the hell is going on? God almighty I'm supposed to stay common relax and I'm trying to put the stuff away He's got like 75,000 carts out because this radio station can't bring some live human being into put on the air When somebody is out sick. No, they got to bring one of these stupid idiotic pathetic tapes and they got to fill in all the blanks by plenty same carts eight million times and destroying all the material And I want to say especially nice job to the sales department. It's got some spots on here today But couldn't even be bothered for a second to figure out what we were going to use for copy. Okay. I mean forget it don't bother than back there with copy Because God forbid that the talent should go on here and do something that makes sense that somebody want to pay Might want to pay money for okay God forbid That we actually follow through or we know what we're doing or too busy out there getting poison candy for the talent So they can go home and spend 25 hours on the throne and feel like the king, okay? I felt just like Elvis all day a week ago Thursday man. I spent the whole day on the throne Oh Sing and return to sender and I was singing about that candy too remedy you idiot Here's a mobile in Miami hello Hello Neo, I want you. I'm great. Welcome back. Yeah, what is he for you to say? I Been listening all morning about you talking about hospitals. Yeah, but you were talking about a particular situation when you go to a hospital And you know to do some sort of a surgical procedure and you go there I've made it and everything but God forbid that you get there On an emergency which is not noticeable and what I mean is that I had to be take I mean I drove myself to the hospital right I was having a kidney stall right now You know when you're passing a kidney stall I've heard it's the worst in having a baby the worst thing in the world. That's right now I got to you know I was having a coastwits and everything but you know I drove myself to the hospital because I I didn't want it to get in there in an ambulance right So I got to the hospital and you know when you get to be emergency I'll let you're bleeding to death. You're gonna sit there at wait till health freezes over that's right Oh, you know this lady said to me okay have a seat. Yeah, what's it lady? I'm not gonna have a seat right because you know if you don't You don't take me in and you give me some demos some more feet or whatever it is I'm gonna go into a hysterical frenzy I'm gonna break this God damn Immersed for you. That's the way to do it and well they did it, but you know after work I was laying down on half naked as you said on a stretcher in the emergency room and I was just I mean curl up with pain and nobody paid attention to me for about half an hour Well, sir, we certainly come as a rate with your He said he was feeling like crap okay didn't say crap, but I get the message okay We can't say crap on a year sir because we live in a juvenile fascist the state where words are like weapons Okay, so we have to keep bleeping stuff out and act like a bunch of children But that's America for you. Okay, sir. I agree with you I agree with what you said sir, and I'm glad that you have the courage to stand up for yourself That's what people ought to do People are so worried that oh, they're gonna think I was a pin in the oh, who the what the hell do you carry you there for a social event or you there to save your life So they are full of how do you like that? That's what I say and They do make you feel like Exactly sir you're right on target amen and good luck to you don't ever let him do it again You talk radio 610 W I O D Come on you are One moment please what are we doing? Did I miss something What just happened? Are we on the air? Well, what happened? Did I miss talking I was talking what I was talking to her when the thing played Well, I didn't hear it or we're busy trying to figure out what's going on in sales okay that could take till midnight From end about six months from now See one thing I do want to say we can rip the individual sales people but of course they're clones are like from a cookie cutter and They're all taught by the same incompetent we know nothing's back there in the sales department Who've been screen things up for like 500 years who if they live to be 25,000 years old will still know nothing about Copy about servicing about getting things right who don't want to be bothered? Oh the first day back and he's starting up again. He hear that start up again right We're supposed to sit in here and make magic for these people who are spending we're in a goddamn deep pressure And these people are spending these harder and dollars because here at Wild with our huge loyal faithful audience that follows us around and by the nose, okay? And we're supposed to make magic but don't give us any information Don't let the guys on the year have any idea what's going on then we can blame them all they screwed up in there Wasn't us We're to busy in one of our 45 meetings today. We couldn't have possibly didn't have time to screw up Yeah Anna Perez I know Anna how are you? Uh Back from the hospital like you are what happened? Well, I had to go for a little something but I wasn't the other end of town you were a monstynist Yeah, I was just on Miami so Welcome back how'd you make out fine? Good fine. How did you make out? I understand that you almost passed away over there. I'm alive still it's a major miracle You thank God. I'm gonna put a big plaque on the wall there the new Rogers blood bank. It's gonna be great I'm glad I'm so happy for you. Even even the V8 cans are all filled up with what used to be my blood now My god. Oh my god Well, I call you to welcome back and to tell you we were both the same week in the hospital Stuff rain for well from the needles and all that all great minds and bodies work a like Anna Take care of yourself. Take care of you. Thanks. Bye bye. How about that? 155 at WI would see the people that used to work here. They care about me. Okay, the ones that are working here now I could drop dead but the ones that used to work here like Anna Perez they care Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello Hello, the lady in Fort Lauderdale. A lot of impatient women on here today a lot of impatient people obviously have very very Active schedules today. Carl Springs. This is Dr Clark. Yeah, I bet I think you need to do I think you need a hemorrhoidctomy. Okay, sir like in the brain you idiot Had to wait like three and a half hours to get his act back again. Okay. Oh, God give me your break Miami. Hello, hey, new. How you doing? Okay, so you had a lapar Oscar because yeah Oh, so they call it yeah, you know my wife had that couple years ago and they said there was going to be a piece of cake 45 minutes You had it was a piece of That right, not cake. Yeah, she had some medheagions and adheagions and Well, you know lapar Oscar be for those of you out there that don't know lapar Oscar be our little instrument and it follows by a little video camera That people look up in a little screen well while everybody was looking up The doctor had put one of the little instruments on top of her belly and One of those just burned the hell out of her. Oh, gee. I got them In her belly Which you know because after they make the incisions and they yank the agal blood around They stick that little you're in the instrument you're talking about in there and they serrit they like a What do they call that when they like Hot or right shot, yeah Well, right because what they do for like a branding iron well the first thing they do is they they cut the little first hole and they view Everything it goes on in there right then they go in and they start cutting and cardorizing it right Well, most of those instruments work through foot pedals And while they work through foot pedals. Yeah. They got a nervous foot What if somebody starts playing music and they start tapping their foot like monovani That's the same thing to happen to her while everybody was looking down Nobody was really you know paying attention what the doctor was doing nice and that's uh, you know It's like oh who's barbecue in here? You know we smell my birth first me lunch time and there you go The ribs anyway All right, so what happened so she got burnt You know she had to have plastic surgery after that. Did you sue their ass? We sued more than their ass the doctor the hospital Everybody in their mother I mean that's that's what I call you know suing for for for a good really really good Rita yeah, because here we you know we have a so how did you make out? Well, we ended up very good Yeah, you know, uh, strike that up for the good guy that's that's you know that's what lost which all about I mean I don't believe in suing for hell of it But when they really screw up, you know, amen you know, let him have get something for that. Okay Thank you guys. Congratulations. Bye. Bye. Bye. Yeah, you know these are PR people are like this Eddie Morgan who's like a nice guy But a washed up a Vaudeville singer or something from the cat skills over at months Seriously, he is when he first walked in the room I thought to myself that guy it looks like a washed up Vaudeville guy And his time went on as he started telling me more and more stories sucking around dead in desperation He finally told me that once upon a time he used to sing in the cat skills and I thought boy I have this guy pegged or what so anyway I kept thinking maybe he left kept leaving they all kept leaving me their cards with their phone numbers and if anything's wrong And I kept thinking about calling him and saying to the words massive lawsuit Suggest anything to Eddie does that bring anything to mind In terms of letting me out of here and saving my life it was just I know people think I'm exaggerating. I have news for you. I'm not even scraping the surface. I'm not even scraping the The gallbladder at this point. I'm not even scraping the edges and there's always another thing too When they get you a hysterical and doctors grab that you're bleeding to that stuff like that little things You don't know what's going on inside you follow what I'm saying in other words You know that every time you move it hurts and you know that every time you like belt you're like farting inside from all the gas from the anesthesia And all the other crap that they pump you full of in the chemicals You have no idea and that's why is the week progressed and I began to grow this 55 foot black and blue dark horrendous thing all over my body I began to wonder maybe there just might be something wrong here, huh? Yeah possible but don't panic So I'm gonna go home and take a whole handful of that augment and see if I can just turn into like a gigantic itch Huh and the speaker of that chuck mire who's broken out in a big sweat now because he feels the thunder of the cubs coming from the rear Man he just feels this approaching Chuck's got the two o'clock news. We got Rick and Sots from two to six this afternoon in the studio And I understand they got some serious green apple quick step from over the weekend so that