So, I don't say if I convince everybody that the town really sucks, that they'll pack up and get out of here and then the town will be a lot better because all the mystery and the dirt bags and crap heads. I'll get there a lot of here and make way for some living and breathing people who want to come down here and have a good time and open it up a little bit and get all these repressive right wing old dying creeps out of here. And I said I've been trying that for 17 years and still hasn't worked. You know, this time she's wearing a skirt up to her armpit and she got those things strapped on to her chest. What is this? A new look now? I guarantee that there's some wits and chains and dungeons and dragons going out with a carry or whatever his name is. Corey Hamel, whatever his name is, your boyfriend. We have an open line of day, 751. Here we go again. We got an open line in day. We got an open line in the style line. We got to over here. We got over there. Anybody want to talk to us? That's this town. Adam is right, Janet. God. It sucks. Here's a mobile in Miami. Yeah. I'm doing great. He's out pretty good. I want to see some. I don't want to go to your talking. That's good that you want to see something. I would hope that's why you call. Adam had a month ago. He was women that are driving. Oh, I'm so little. I was driving myself home from the hospital last week. I get behind some of the bags. Some of the disgusting prosthetic brain dead bitch. And he's going making the thing up 95 out of the turnpike there driving like two miles an hour and reverse. And he's leaving it all the lanes at the same time. And I thought I was going to kill myself before I got home. Well, I'm driving. Okay. And I'm highly getting ready to get our motor show be drive or okay. We've got to be road. And there's just. Girl. I won't say something else. Yeah. Yeah. You don't notice the light turns. I walk a little bit. He takes off. If he's on off, he'll be we've been in it out every road. He's not paying attention. Carts. He gets another light car in front of his stop. He doesn't realize it's lands on the brakes, right? Almost each is your red. Arnold's made his rear end. Yeah. We're going to hurt him. All right. He starts looking all over. Why did I just, you know, I just had a feeling. I mean, I knew there was no doubt in my mind that before the end of the call, he was either going to say that or he was going to say it. We have an open line and day. Well, I was here. He was going to do it. Or you? Let's go to a plantation. Hello. Can't bring on that record. I'm not resting. I love your touch. Let's set up and take your clothes off. Why? Why? Why? What did you do? That's enough. Twelve o'clock is my greenery would say that's enough. And nobody says that's one of the same as lines along with Uga Boogue and downtown. We have two upper lines. You're both in Broward again. Two upper lines. And Broward at 5249463524Wild. This is the worst. This is just, don't answer any more calls. So they have doing three most after I do these. I'm sorry. I can't take it. I just cannot. This is the worst Wild. Wild. Wild. I'm going to focus on the plantation line. The broad lines. Yeah. Yeah. How do I know? Great. Welcome back. Why do you say that? I'm calling from the plant paper. I'm talking to the guy who's a fritty on board. He's busy now. He's digesting. Oh, no. We don't call him down. We'll throw another radio. It's a turn that's take your radio down. You're okay. Give it a rest. Tell the real thing about women driver. Remember that lady was saying, and in need of out, what's been changed? I have no idea. I'm going to hit someone on the rest of the day. Some wrestling team. What the hell is that all about? I'm going to hit someone. He's playing around the other night. I'm going to hit someone on the other side. I'm going to hit someone on the other side. I'm going to hit someone on the other side. Yeah. I heard on the other side. I got all the notes. Next to the wooden tax policy. I'm going to take a day. I'm going to take a day. Some of the data. Yeah. The data. You can put some plate. What you've got in the font is here. I was in the font. Probably more than he's done. I don't know. I just want to say welcome back. Thanks a lot. See you. W-Y-O-D. I'm going to take a day. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Go fast. Stop. I'm going to take a day. I'm going to take a day. So that's one option. Let's start next up. If you haven't heard about Gua v參 out yet except for your opponent. If you duck or hit the point, pull out a line, hit the line, and hit the line, up. Go straight. So that grade should be fine. So check that out by marking that. Sunday they'll be open at noon all the way through the afternoon evening so take that over for a fantastic feast at an outback nearby you and check out those delicious tender states and great appetizers like the blue man onion and the walkabout soup and prime rib and chicken and ribs on the barbie and pasta and seafood and grilled fish and gigantic fatning disgusting desserts like the chocolate thunder from down under something for the kids too new kids activity books so what's that got the outback for fathers they starting at 12 noon you'll find the outback steak house in candle in the town of country center on less flagged street in a flag report plasma on southwest 89 place in bryar bay on northeastern 63rd street in sunny miles on pines will have arden beautiful pebbric pine all they used to be beautiful until a built-in cemetery village on Riverside drive and cool springs on north pine island road in jackar windows square in per se just plantation and on southwest 18 street in boker take that out for a great feast this Sunday to the outback $4 of name brand furniture market down 25 to 70% a rain for special creditors and you got one heck of a sale see the money they get in today's newspaper since hurry in and say during the $6 million number of people find some food to the day all lady boy work line and restaurant are fail-by 25 to 70% off all counter actually and balancer 25 to 70% off that's right all your favorite name brands are clearly marked with certified savings of 25 to 70% what more could you ask for all about special credit terms you got it by today at modern age and you make no payment for 98 absolutely nothing is held back oh and one more thing you're said in fact and it's always guarantee so you'll never make a buying mistake at modern age whatever you do don't live history in a making during modern age just gigantic $6 million summer sacrifice today 90 of the 90 of it all many different the best variety voting in person low prices that only extra can offer like our dynamite item on voting that route at a dollar 28 to pound every day low prices only at extra but if you find lower prices anywhere else who triple the difference in gas the bandie also look for a hot price on items like extra large blue things at only 59 cents a dozen no one has lower prices than extra and that's a guarantee it looks rewarded sales and store around is a of twenty four this ball played us another exciting season of dolphins in her games but fall right in a 6440 You're a little crack out real close to a free-trade fall just being. You're a commissioner standing in close from a place full of poachings. As you find foolishness in a way, from the crack and the sins of the day, through the bottom of the day, you know we heard the song in the new day. The second mother is here on the place for you to tell us to you, your peace, the another thing is on the place for you to tell us to you. The second mother is on the place for you to tell us to you, so you're a star. Take another picture of the place for us to you, all living in great stars. Well, forceded, it's been a while. It seems like only 70, 80 hours ago today. We've sat down here. Is he today's Friday? I'm telling you, you may not think so, but I'm pretty sure it's Friday. Miami. Hey, how are you doing? I'm glad to hear you're feeling better. Yes. You think you might have a lot more energy now? Right. Yeah. More energy now. All of a sudden, he's Batman and there's no robin and it's just like a whole different story and they have a hoard and a stroy and tossed into the little hole saying, if I want to see Batman, I'll turn on the satellite. I can see it every afternoon about 10 different times. Now, we're in the original Batman. Batman was a fun thing. All it was corny, but it was a little bit pure than what we found out about. I think you have to remember what we found out about. I think we found out what we found out. But they're trying to base everything on now. It's the old comics that came back, you know, came out originally. Where he wasn't Batman wasn't this guy running around in tightsack and stupid. He was a robin when the guy running around in tights. Are they losing her hair or not is it a file? I think Colberg at work. Yeah, he really knows this stuff. I thought the first movie was fair at that. I wouldn't watch this. And how it was, did you ever come on the tube? I've seen about two minutes of it about three different times. And I just showed it right off because there's no resemblance at all to Batman that I know. I'm just not interested in that. And I read it as a comic book as a kid and it's still a movie has nothing to do with that. It'd probably be better really to, you know, have like sister's photo, whatever big cat woman you know. Right, there you go. And it's your soldier. That you ever noticed though, in the first one in this one there's no black people involved. In one, no other all purple. No, I mean there's no, you know, African Americans. If either one, I thought that was kind of odd. They're trying to make got some city kind of realistic. Why would they not, uh, well why weren't we ever been in Gotham City? I don't think anybody's been in Gotham. Well, there you go. How many black people were in Superman? All right. True, all the stuff were Richard Piranha. You know, the black people are got cons, but you'll kill even alone. They don't need Superman and Batman. They got enough fantasies all the way to get this just so they got to live down. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. See you. God. Probably Tina, does it just a comic book? He's in like Dan Koyl now. I was goddamn Murphy Brown. Okay. All right. So if you just had a stomach ache, it was just a false alarm, Dan. What's time, Beach? Yeah. Yeah. I'm a new listener. I just want to know and enjoy your show. Thank you so much. It is pretty good. It's pretty damn good. All right. Listen. Or is you being with Lena Breeze and the question. Yeah. You're making sure all the things you all have been here to see. What makes y'all think that y'all as an American is being? That's right. Oh. Perfect. What do you ask me for? I'm not a brave fan. I'm not a brave fan. I can't stand loopen, Ellie. Makes me sick. Oh, look. Look what the man did for the rest. I don't care what he did for anybody. He still makes me sick. And it is a bit of a lot longer than the days have. So. Yeah. You, man. The place will have nothing. You have nothing. You have nothing. You have nothing. Go in. You better wake up and let's the lie, Loss. You better get with it. Okay. This week it is the moment of truth. I'm going to talk to you on Monday and let's see who's standing and who's falling on Monday. No problem. You didn't have that big, flop, Rob Dibble on a team. You're not here. Everybody down. If you didn't have him, you were never anything. Yeah. And the place will have nothing. I know. And we'll just be one way. Okay. And another thing. Go come. About local politics and damn cities. And everything else. I breathe 100%. Yeah. And then, clarity of these city governments. Yeah. Totally anti-business. Right. Y'all's not doing it right. Well, Loss, and you have a great day. Y'all will come back now here. 12.19 a WIOD. We're doing screen list. So it's not given any more numbers out between now and two o'clock today. And if that doesn't get the job done, I really don't care to be honest with you. And George Served. Doesn't care because he's in their digesting. The 20 or 30 pounds of food that he ate. So just let it keep bringing. And if you don't let it keep bringing that, so K2. I wonder if that thing would be, well, see if they're tampering with our phone lines again today. Has they been doing for the last year or four months. Only our people and management are too stupid to understand that. Even though this is a talk station. Top of the harness tonight tomorrow on Saturday every Thursday Friday and Saturday through July 25th. And tonight, wait here on two outstanding final cast from the metal land. $150,000 New Jersey paste final for three year old fillies. And the $31,000 New Jersey paste final for two year old fillies. And the final for two year old Colton Gilding. Tomorrow Friday is family night freeing the whole family out kids, 17 and under. Always welcome there. It's been a treat to the grandstand when a company by a parent. $50,000 hot dog. Soft racing beer. A Kentucky sand throughout the grandstand tomorrow. The outdoor barbecue with chicken and rib track side. Live musical entertainment on track side level. And tomorrow night's featured final cast from the metal land. The $100,000 New Jersey paste final for three year old Colton Gilding and the $1,000 New Jersey paste final cast from Greenwood, Raceway and Toronto. Featuring cars bed can and Western handover and other top three year old Paceers. Also Saturday night's $1,000 cash giveaway after the last race. And don't forget members of our 610 WIOD. Poppino fan racing stable use your horse owners passports. Free its free. Top house emission every racing night throughout the summer through July 25th. See you tonight from a distance. Hey, hey, hi, nice to see you. And leave us to hello loon. At Pompano Park every Thursday Friday and Saturday, post time 730 p.m. The Miami Carpenter is a free of day. There's a free of day. The train is with foe. And the fun is the game. We're gonna be there. We'll be back soon for every dollar man. This is the we can't drumstar pitch us. All of today. You'll be sorry, Elaine, when they start begging down to your ankles. You'll wish you thought about it the second time. 1220 says, well, she got a package. She got to know knows the most, too, at the same place. I'm enjoying. Let's do what we're doing, streamers. Are these on hold? I guess my me likes is, hello. Hey, don't. Okay. Right on it back. Yeah. In doing a clip. 1220, seven, a WIOD, on a stream list, the last hour and a half here on Thursday. Remember what I just said? No chance. The chances of you ever being on this show again on a scale of minus infinity are not existent. So go while Bicobinano. Okay. By the way, New York Times National Tuesday, June 16th headline, you should kind of go unit to study child molesting by pre-pretty surprising, huh? So I think I'm gonna wait. No one to go rushing into things. You know what I'm saying? Just take your time. Just take your time and relax and take a good deep breath. We got plenty of time here to cover all the bases. I meant you to about how great the music was on Wax. You all of a sudden, Lately, and there's not one person in the audience who has any comment about anything and about how the fact that the coast even played, here we go. WIOD. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. I do it. Great. Welcome back. Thank you. Thank you. I got a little fiery pork for you. Yeah. I think you all have the citizenship authority. For what? Well, you sent you a package. And I have a friend over it, so what we effectively call them on cyanide hospital. Mod cyanide? Yeah, I'm on cyanide. It's like it did get some kind of defense. Yeah, no one should charge on the bill either. Oh, no, it's an absolutely cheap. So we sent a liberty of opening it up. It's a beautiful straight-edge razor. Mm-hmm. And there's a card in here. Neil don't change to close. Not your might. That's a business. He's so, hey, he's your better now. Yeah. He got your presence from him. Well, I wouldn't want to let me down. That's my opinion. I might just need to. It's great. Where is it Neil? You take care of yourself. Great. And keep up the good work. Okay. Keep it up. I want to hear Rachel. Send us to your center. Send us to Hank. Okay. Okay. You can work on the first two tins with it. 1229 at WIOD. We're doing three-in-law's today. It still hasn't helped very much. We've got a couple lines that aren't even ringing on three-in-law's. But hey, wood dead. We're dead in the water. We used to be at the state used to be hot as a pistol. And then they started promoting the a news and weather and traffic and putting me green on a lot. WIOD. Hello? Yes. Neil? Yes. You're answering the phone today. Is this green list I'm answering the phone right around. When I pick up the phone at me. Do you have me at get to go now? You get to go now? Well, no. It's raise your hand. This, I want to clarify something I've been hearing on the news station. All right? On the news station? All the different news stations. You know, well, they've been talking about this iced tea song that they're trying to ban that in Texas. Who cares? Well, I just want to clarify what they need. Keep saying it's iced tea or wrapper. For starters, it's a heavy metal ban that makes that so a call body counts that even makes tea. Body counts? That's right. The name of the band is body count. And he does sing for that ban. But it's not rap music. It's heavy metal. Yeah. They let the sea off. So, you know, let's just get a straight here. And the name of the song is not called blank to police. That's just a chorus part that they haven't had. So, the name of the song is called, Billy? That's right. The name of the song is called cop killer. Well, isn't that nice? So, you know, let's just get our stuff straight out here. Yeah. Well, take I see and assist you. So, it's in putting both on the same rubber racks as what I say. 1230 and W-I-O-D. I mean, what kind of crap are we talking about now? How that's what I would ask with all do we expect? What kind of crap? Not rap, but crap. Garbized man. That's what's wrong with this country. It's crap. And most of our politicians are crap. Most of our calls are crap. And most people that you work for are crap. And most of the people who are infecting this town are crap. Right? Where else? Ha ha ha. Makes Lewis say, right on. A lot of crap. Here's the Palm Beach line. Hello. Yeah, nice one. See, they let it ring for like 35 minutes. And I finally got two of them. And then they just, they don't know what this streamer eat of banana. You're crap. Whoever you were, how do you like that? It's right in with my monologue with my diet tribe. How do you like that, sir? Man, it, whatever they had you might dee. W-I-O-D. Six slowly to two, six. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. I want to clarify something to the guy that's clarified something. Oh, are we going to spend hours on IT and Sistere's soul? Yeah. It's not heavy metal. It's hardcore punk. Hardcore punk. Yeah. Not to be confused with rap or heavy metal. Hardcore punk. Yeah. How come you're always talking about how bad a station treats you and everything like that? When you're making so much money there. Can I tell you something, sir? Yeah. It's all making a difference. How much money you're making. People get paid a lot of money because they earn it. Okay. That's not an excuse to treat people like crap. But you're saying hours a day. And you make all this. And I had to talk to Jack Balls like you four hours a day. How do you like that, sir? So don't give me this crap about how what an easy job I've got. I wouldn't wish this on a Heinrich Himmler. What an easy job I've got. Pressure, pressure, pressure, business. Okay. And you're sitting there on the end of the phone. Like some kind of a punk give me a some kind of a lecture about heavy punk rock, metal, slashed up your nose. That's the problem with the world. Okay. The whole world is like one gigantic bad cartoon on MTV. W-I-O-D. Go now. Yeah. I'm not ready yet. Keep going. Sure. Okay. Remember that's on a five. He's on a holdy. Like in the center square. There's a flashing like Paul in. W-I-O-D. Hey, how are you? Great. But you're really giving it to him. Good today. Exactly. You're doing their expertise with a whole world like they know something. They don't know crap. They don't know that they would know crap if it blew up and hit him in the face. Unbelievable. Right. I'd say it comes up there and those are the rubber house, baby. So listen. I don't know. I'm going to feel like telling him. Sure. Don't try to put the words in my mouth. Or anything else. Excuse me, your highness. Okay. So anyhow, your usual fun mood today. I'm in a gray mood today. That's good. It's nice to hear you cheerful and chipper. And curtain-perky. Yeah. I'm working used to pick to the red. Oh really? Okay. But he had his- He's- He's- He's a couple doing very good. Yeah, we did really yesterday. Because when you rained out every day, we didn't say- That would be fantastic. Yeah. We can prove it. Yeah. This is not what it is. What do you do in your life? Exercise or anything? Why are you writing a book? No, I'm just curious. So then you want to let it see. You want to see? No, I just- I lay there like a couch- A-plant. Okay. I just lie there like a big oozing blob on my sofa. With my two remote controls and my big screen TV and my satellite dish. And I don't move. Is that answer your question? He just- He just- He just disappeared. That was that. It's phone just died. And none too soon either, by the way, sir. 1234 and WIOD. Why don't you tell you about the pizza loft. We have a toy stud that just coin. He's driving me crazy. He's making me nuts. I want to sit here and go with the lim lim lim lim lim lim lim lim lim for about six hours. I hang around even long. I hang over time it is a lim lim lim lim lim lim because just coin is just- The biggest pain in the ass he never stops he never steps on the brakes. It just folks feed a head on the pain in the ass accelerator at the pizza loft. It calls me during the last break to probably announce that while I'm at the trough next Wednesday on his birthday in the last. Be sure to bring gifts. That will be selling snappled half price between five and ten feet and next Wednesday. I mean, I love my snappled. But I know that people are going to be dropping in from like they're coming down from Jacksonville and Daytona and Fort Pierce and Charlotte and Port Charlotte and Aintree and everywhere. Because we got snappled at half price from five to ten next Wednesday at the trough. Stop and think about a jet. Just stop and think about it for just a moment or two. What an absolute grappling slime ball you are. Okay, a radio or the worst time. They're not the fastest and not the cheapest. They're just the best and the biggest pain in the groin and the loin at the pizza loft. Everything is made to order, fresh by hand, like the great world of award winning pizza at award winning lasagna. And why the course you wonder who gives them the award, get right to them out to themselves and stuff tells them and a caught in big dd and baby cow farmers John and eggplant farmer John and last more. It is delicious. And you can enjoy your dinner in that prestigious neo Rogers dining room and as a summertime special Monday and Tuesday's only in the neo Rogers dining room. By any untrained regular price get a second on three at half price. Thousands of people. I mean, just make jury hell are bring billions of bottles in just to make sure that it's worthwhile. At the pizza loft on 69th and flaglar upstairs in Miami or call 266 51 11 266 5111 and tell Jeff Doug. Leave me alone. Tonight at six it's Fort Stuck. Six year. South Florida's most listen to sports show followed by Goldberg and night with hey Goldberg. You can kill a jury of our show. I will give you our whole team. How's that Chuck? Okay. Starting with your own Walton 20 and Dwight Smith 20 till one a W. I. O. D. We're doing screen list. Did you make it come back? I just a bit. Okay. It's amazing. I'm hurting. Smitty met fans. And I had one guy and I had to dump him. I had to believe him out. Because he said make some comment about how all of them that's doing administering some kind of sexual thing. We would check out the other in the dugout. Is the clothing option on the Nils Nils dining room? What? Clothing optional in Nils dining room. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you? I gave you all that time to get your act together and work up some pretentious material. It's definitely a good. Yeah. Ask Orlando. Orlando always is clothing optional. You're talking about that. You're bringing up that place again. Don't do it. This is a setup. Are you sitting up there right now? Is he in on your ponytail or something? I know. Keep him back. No. I can't. We got a lot of people who want to get through here today. And I put you on hold. That's the best you can come up with. Is to mention him again? God. Now, Jeff, you're just beyond. Over and above and beyond the Call of Duty. And nobody can just handle the incestion. Did he bring any good cigars, by the way? Well, no. I don't want what you know. I don't want to like that. That elephant's repository. No. No. Like a little one. That's not the kind of cigar I would ever smoke. Even when I felt great. You know what I'm talking about? A little one. Something that I can handle. Something that I'm more can identify with more closely. And I'm not talking about those disgusting. Well, I'll be out smoke one of those. If you bring the lighter in. I told him never smoking cigars again tonight. These calls. It's these calls. W-I-O-D. No. Yeah. Good afternoon. Well, Buenos D'Ardez, do you sir? How are you? I'm a met fan, but I don't know. I really don't have any complaints, right? A long way to go. It's a hundred and sixty-two game seasons. You don't let them stop their cleat to your face until it's solover. I haven't seen the standing since seven days either, so. Why do you're about eight games behind? And the cubs even are a game and a half ahead of you guys. Oh, thank you. Mitch Lewis brought me a nice slim cigar. Looks like it's pre-smoked. Hmm. It's a long way to go, pal. We got like almost a hundred games to go. Hey, can I make a request, Neil? Of course. I like the way you didn't beat around the bush and suck around for us for two. No, seriously. I don't like people that do that. That suck around and feel they want to appreciate themselves. Oh, by the way, I love you so much. Would you please play? I don't need that. I'm just a realistic guy. What is this? You are a great guy anyway. You're right. See now you're doing it. Okay. Kaya request, Bob Prince. Can you be questioned? What do you mean father? Well, he's got a bad headache. But he's a part fan. So he's, he's, he's living at the park. Going up the metro going down. He's a pirate span. Yeah, he is. Not me. I'll let you have. Well, they gave one. You suppose you can grab one. I bought a thing on the bank. He gave us any take of the way. He has one out of here now. This would be some kind of pandemic. And why not? Here's the one to pitch from our show. And there's a ball. He's a direct feel. Back to the party. He's on. He can't get his football. Oh. How's that? Yeah, sure does bring back memory. Sure does. Back when I was a pirate span in a good old days when he actually had some guys that never looked human. Why used to watch him when I was a kid? When the committee was in right. Right. Large on the left. Bob Skinner, right. Bill Verdun. Yes, it was a conference in the L.A. King every night. Right. And Jim Woods the possum. Absolutely. Right. Have a great day. Fuck you. See. What happened to that lighter that I was going to have in here briefly? Huh? You know, it's really interesting when the food comes in. You're sitting in there carrying on like some kind of a petal in child. I'm not going to get any. I'm not going to get any. And all I want is a stinkin cheap like 23. Don't stand there in wait. I'm keeping it in here for a while. You know, these cheap cigars are hard to keep lit. Hmm. They're like our audience. They're hard to keep alive. Let's do the starline, shall we? Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Excuse my ignorance. But I've been. Why should you be any different? I've been listening to him up to the show for the last week. And I keep hearing about this glimpse that got away. I don't know anything about it. Oh, I make blimp. Was there a blimp that got away? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I just keep hearing call as going. You get a blimp, Adam let it. The IOD blimp that Adam like it away. Like that's a major story. Like that's a news bullet in the IOD blimp got away. A lot of the biggest and they thought it was Hank. You didn't see on CNN? No. He outright. Right. What kind of blimp was that? Yeah, I'm talking news network. Right. What was this blimp for? It's the WIO D blimp. It's for a while. It's like a little promotional thing as we can't afford any real promotion. Well, I make blimp. Maybe I can help you out with the rimp. Well, we don't need any new blimp. We don't need a new blimp. We don't want no blimp. How about a hot air balloon? We got enough hot air. I got to make a sales call. They're going to fire my ass. Yeah. So are you going to talk to me? There's nobody to talk to here. They're all out. Well, let me talk. One. Huh? All right. Hold on. There's a second. Hang up on. 1245. It's over. Just hang up on him. Period. At WIO D. Let's do a date. County. Hello. Yes. We've got a little problem. What's the disguise problem with Batman? I mean, there's a black iron button in the first Batman. There is. Yeah. What's this guy? The guy who played in Star Wars. The big black guy. Billy D. William. Well, Billy D. William. Well, suppose there wasn't any black guy in Batman. Was there any Jewish guys in there? You have to take their pants down. Right. Also, for once upon a time in America. Oh, the Robin wasn't in it, huh? Yes. Once upon a time in America, you got a rent around version that's on. I have the long. I have the long, uninversion on expregated at home. Can you understand the movie? Mm-hmm. I think. I think. Well, wait a minute. Were there gunshots at the end before the garbage truck went running off? Yes, sir. I forgot that. So you can spend a long time since I watched it. Yes, sir. I didn't watch it on TV because I know they're going to cut out a lot of things that explain. Of course. Naturally. Well, anyway, I just wanted to share my little insight to that you have a great day. I'm glad you're back. Thank you. And Ryan Bloom is God. 1247, a WIOD. It's in the battle of cigar. Not a newtodd, miscavion. It's a racking uto. Wow. It's minuto. I'll start with that minuto crap. We got enough problem with this place already. Well, by the way, speaking of minuto, how's buddy Nevon's coming with that pedophile radio ring that we heard about last November? What is this now? Like is it July almost? I'll tell you, buddy, man, this must be some investigation even Shylock Holmes and Batman and Robin and Hank. Uh, are having trouble uncovering all the characters in this. God, buddy, what a job. At the Sun Sentinel where if there isn't a real story there, we'll make one up. Okay, especially if it makes people in radio or TV or anybody else, we don't like look really bad. Yeah. That massive radio pedophile ring. Because you know what they say at the Sun Sentinel, don't you? I know what they say. He was his word. Not as pedophile. No, verys your host threat of gold, merg, nice, witty of shows and I did think. You stop where you say, sir. Tell when you buy a tea. He's not just Hank Goldberg. He's a hippopotamus. And the Wiodd blimp. 1251 and Wiodd. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I'm feeling a great man. I talk to the Stan Major. He has a question for you. Yeah. Who do you want playing second base for the cup? What kind of person do you want? That's that Palm Beach County humor. Wiodd. Hello, Neil Royce. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm pretty good. I do. How are you, Ben? I've been pretty good. Oh, yeah. Oh, my heard you've been making fun of Mount Simon recently. I've been making fun of Mount Sinai. Well, I know I haven't been making fun of Mount Sinai. Sir, I've been relating my personal two-life experiences, sir, and it was no fun. Yeah, but I mean, the hospital wasn't there. You'd be still passing that stone. That's true. Why you work there? No, I don't work there. This isn't Omar, is it? Excuse me? This isn't Omar from Mount Sinai, is it? No, this is just a listener. Well, what the hell do you know? Have you ever been in Mount Sinai? I was born there. You were born, well, I could write with that bear's out. What I've been saying? God, I'm speechless. I'm just a little bit like that. Yeah, but, you know, so what did you have to do with that? Like you couldn't have been born someplace else? No, but I mean, it's a good hospital. I was like, I put it like a big dent in the middle of your head when you were born. And you walked around, look like a bonehead on your life. You can go to, if you went to Jackson, you probably was still been sitting there now. Well, I'd be better off with it, would I? At least they wouldn't have done anything to me yet. I mean, did they do any rectal exams on you? You the fact they had like a t-a battery of proctologist in there. A search party. Oh, well. And they said, oh, yeah, you work at WIOD. I said, how do you figure that out? They said, they all, all the same assholes work over there. We should go back over there next time you get sick. You'll think better carry you. Okay, thanks so much. All right. See you. Who the hell are you kidding? Okay. He wasn't born at Mount Sinai. He was hatched. 1253 a WIOD. They had county. Welcome to 610 WIOD. You're highly overrated station. Hey, your joke of the airways. Hey, I don't want to argue with you. Where Meg Green is Queen and the plant guy might be too far. We know. What is it? Hey, I don't want to argue with you about it. I'm glad that you're back by the way. You don't want to argue with me about what? Uh, this sister soldier thing was. The name is in soldier. Sir, it's soldier. What? Solder. As in soldier, boy. Well, anyway, it was taken completely out of context. And, you know, she, well, she said on the air yesterday wasn't taken out of context. She is a disgusting and her militant on my notches. Uh, just absolutely needs to be smashed in the face bitch is what she is. Maybe this is something that I didn't hear, but I heard her saying something about her. She never used drugs and he had and talked about him cheating on his wife. So what the hell is that? Have to do with anything. What does that got to do with her telling black people to go out and kill a bunch of white people? What's that got to do with anything? He put on a joint one time and that makes him a bad guy. I bet she's puffed on worst things than that. No, it doesn't make him a bad guy. But. And just like just like Jackie Mason said, whoever put a salami sandwich or a Post-traumys sandwich in their mouth of they didn't intend to eat it. Well, so who the hell is he kidding? I know you have your feelings about it. I know that you've just read the quote that was taken out of it. I didn't just read anything. Ser idle come on a year and just start mouthing off if I don't know what I'm talking about. I saw the press conference and I saw her yesterday morning on CBS this morning, which made me want to toss my cookies. She is nauseating and militant and disgusting. And if Bill Clinton never does anything else beside it. Tell Jesse Jackson where to shove it. He'll be okay in my book. I am so sick and tired of everybody in the Democratic Party sucking around with Jesse Jackson. Because there are fraties that control all a black vote and they're not going to get in. They never get in anyway. It's about time somebody told Jesse to take a hike with his big fat trouble making stirring the pot opportunistic, fleecing the public mouth. Beep, beep, beep, beep. Me, although he did take it completely out of context and what she said originally wasn't like what it came out like. Whatever you said. Whatever you said. Okay. I love sisters. Well, you know, I'm a nice tea with her without lemon. I don't care when we're the other about it. Well, why do you keep talking to trynick about it here. Sir, you just want to keep repeating and just ramming it down our ears. No. I mean, like an ear infection just hearing this over and over and over again. No, in fact, I wanted to talk about what's going on. Poor all ready is what I say. But he did take it out of context. Sir, he had so four times you said that. Your point is made, sir. Your point of a name. You don't care about it. I don't have any point. Well, you're talking about how bad she was to a second. I'm not talking about anything. I never even mentioned her today. Okay. Forget about her and the boats he came in on. Scour. Okay. Who the hell is she anyway? I don't know. Exactly. Okay. So forget about it because something that was on it was something on television again. Okay. That's the problem with this whole goddamn country, sir. I've been talking about television. It's like the buzzword of the moment. It everybody starts buzzing about it. And nobody ever heard of these people. And probably we're just as well or better off for not hearing of them. Well, the only thing that gives a crap about sister's soul. The only reason that I have any interest in it at all is because I heard the original comment. You're repeating yourself again. Sir, it was taken out of context. You've said that 50,000 times. Well, that's not what I was going to say but, okay. Wait a minute. What is this? No, are you the lighter lady? Well, good. You're that one back to George and thank you so much. Thank you a million. You're a great American. Thanks a pile. The lighter lady just came in sir. Oh, that's okay. Well, listen. So I see you got your mind made up about that anyway. What is the point? You've already made your point 50,000 times. Why are you trying to? Well, you answer me one question. What do you want to answer me? We've made the point about that. You're trying to move on. Well, let me give you a hand. 1257, a WIOT. God Almighty, what a pain in the ass. How'd you like to? How'd you like to have him in your household, okay? Well, wait a minute. For the for the for the 18th time. I just let me make a point here, okay. Let me make a point. Who? First of all, nobody gives a crap. That's number one. And then just to keep repeating it and repeating it and and drowning your worst and my mother. I'm in the middle of this massive, allergic reaction to that pedicillin. I'm breaking out and hives and I'm scratching and I'm practically in tears. And he starts in. She gets on this kick like a Joan Crawford routine with a hangers. What happened to all those plastic hangers? I gave you this expensive hangers. I gave you 14 to 20 of those hangers. You got all those cheap wire hangers in your closet. I said, good call up, Joan Crawford. The two of you can cry over it. Maniac. I'm going through this agonizing, living hell. I'm trying to scrape the skin off my fingers with a bat towel because I'm inching and screaming and I got like hives. And I've taken like 80,000 milligrams of this disgusting grotesque penicillin from my pill doctor across the street. And she's not going to try to think about what happened all those expensive plastic hangers I had in the goddamn closed closet and what did it disgrace because I got my clothes on all these cheap wire hangers. That's what that guy reminded me of. That definitive right there. In fact, sir, let me suggest something. Take a hanger right now and go into the closet and try it on for size. Try that deal where you put the rope around your neck and you hang yourself from the ceiling and see if it like heightens your sexual excitement and stick your fist right up your button. See how the call is on Monday and let us know how it came out. News from around to plan it with Rick and suds from 2 to 6 this afternoon and free weed for the classroom. We got sunny herchin. Joseph. Gacky. On draft talk at 6.05. And Hank Goldberg live from the Wiod blimp that sees his palace in Vegas tonight to set up a holy field homestrap in ship fight. Nobody does it like Hank Goldberg at night. The Florida Zoo is traffic in weather. John, where do you go? 6, 10, Wio. My happy four-water deal in the Palm Beach. The New York City. The New York City. The New York City. The New York City. The New York City. The New York City. The New York City. The New York City. This is Ron McGill from Miami Metro Zoo. And I listen to that New York Rogers one of two hours. Hell, let's see even better than sex with the animals. Yeah, we got it. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Everyone is round. Everyone is round. All the guys are gay. All the guys are gay. Most of pretenders are pretenders. All the rest are late. All the rest are late. Earth breaks take the flower. The blood slides every day. My slides every day. California sliding up on your sliding. Into San Francisco Bay. They wear nuts to the beach. Then when they're getting late. Wearing nuts in front of sliding. They're going to be in but I'm still on the beach. They put more oil on their butt. Oil on their butt. They're going to sell. In a Chevrolet. Yellow for your sliding up. On your sliding. In the San Francisco Bay. They'll get it. In the San Francisco Bay. If anything gets Sно vomited. The avenue works. For you to have a big wall here. I saw waves there this spring. Okay. Before I talk to the driver, I'll walk on season one. Any interested that Swap is coming in. and there shall be no more food in here during ten to two. Because remember I said before the food started this morning about how great I felt and that after the food I would be like a little less full of piss and vinegar and the oil and vinegar and all that other stuff and it's true. You feel like draggy. You stare like, ah, you want to sleep and you feel tired and lethargic. Being on the air is not the time to be shoveling food in your mouth. So with all of the appreciation to Villadelli and all the other food forces out there in radio land, we're taking a hiatus for several days. Tomorrow we got the soup from out back, the walkabout which is great and we'll not make you the lutharge you can just jump up and down and scream for joy and that's about it. And all you salespeople out there in the back room go out and sell somebody and get out of our face. W-I-O-D. Hello, yes sir. Yeah, hold for Neil. This is he. The hill. Yes. Still, God. What do you mean you're holding for Neil? What are you holding? The phone is just ringing, isn't it? Ah, yeah, what? Yeah, we're doing screenless this because George needs a long rest. You shocked me. Good. Um, I wanted to give you a, uh, a bitch story about a, uh, a female driver. Yeah. Uh, yesterday is I was coming off of 575 getting out of Palmetto. Yeah. I have a couple of a cars lined up during rush hour. Well, this 50-sized to go up the front of the line. Oh, don't you love those. Yes, yeah. And cut in at an 18-wheeler. Only he didn't stop. He rammed her right in the passenger side door. Oh. Outstanding. It was the best. See, there is justice here. He wants it a while if only by accident. And that yesterday later on after that. I'm tailgating this car. There's a hot room for her. There's a room for her. There's a room for her. There might have been a lot. So funny, just the way you said that like that's a way it's supposed to do. You know, well, I thought you can, uh, you know, why? How you can fit within a square mile of a week. Exactly. Anyway, there's a boat room to fit a you go in between me and the car in front of me. Yeah. And this bitch with a Cadillac, hold right in there. I beat my horn. I had to plan to break on. And then she throws me the finger. How do you like it? Classy. Hey, you're classy. Yeah. Hey, uh, that guy that little while ago. I would have sandwiched her ass with whatever wasn't front of her and just turned her into a pancake. I should have if I'd have enjoyed my you go. She was she was mine. Dead meat. Um, that guy that called a little while ago about sister soldier. Yeah. Your phone's cutting out. I think it's a conspiracy. Yeah. I probably told the call you. He'd leave for a while. Right. I'd like to call quickly before your fuck. Like I said, I think the phone was dying for a good reason though. I think it was an omen. One ten ten after one. The one head of the little hands on the one and the big hands up your butt. Catch the latest news traffic and weather info each morning with Mike Bernary in the morning information team. Just before the needle was you show anybody got a dog. Oh, why not? You have you have no shame. At this stage of your life, why should you? I bet to somebody in our audience has a small dog cage that they like to give Cheryl. For her dog that she's getting. Is that okay? I'm trying for you with our vast audience out there. At least 30 or 40 people most of who our brain did wouldn't know a dog if it bit him on the ass. But anyway, if somebody's got a little dog, cage called your job and you'll get the number and give it to Cheryl and we'll solve her problem there. At least one of them anyway. One fourteen at Wild wasn't that nice? What's wrong with that? The probably people got it put away in the garage somewhere that haven't used it in 20 years. Clean it out for us before you bring it over here by the way. Okay, don't bring her some filthy trashy dog cage. Bring her something nice and new and shining and clean and antiseptic. Anyway, it's 115 at Wild. We're doing screenless till 2 o'clock today. We got Rick and Skud. Are they in town again today? Is that two shows in a row? God. Man, they're really a dangerous president. Just like the one we got up in Washington. Wild. Oh, so weak, weak. That was the worst one we've heard in years. Terrible. Wild. Yes, sir. You know, what's talked about Reneri? Oh, please, possum? Well, you know, I used to think that you have the best job in radio. Yeah. And then I realize it's really Reneri. I mean, you might not make as much money as you. But, but, you know that. Nobody knows how much. Well, he's pretty tight-lipped like most possums, okay? Well, let's look at what Reneri does through his money. Let's look at it typical. I won't take long. Well, you got the seven o'clock new. Look about them. Look about them. Seven o'clock new goes 10 after 12 after. Right. Here he comes on and says, up. Got to play a couple of spots. Yeah. Come back on. Let's check Bob's over. Birthday. Let's try. You're going to weather it in the sports. And here's more of what he's got. He's got to get 10 minutes. Yep. That's it. Right. Is there anything? And here's the top 10 movies this week. Well, a Batman 20 million dollars this week. Yeah. Hey. I'm going to blow up. What a great deal. He comes in and you got to talk about it. Well, that's supposed to talk about this because they haven't discovered that yet. He'll get very upset if they ever find out. Yeah, because, you know, they could save a lot of money there. But, uh, I don't know that. You talk about the easiest job in radio. I wouldn't wish following the nine to ten hour on anybody, okay? Well, I just thought that, uh, I just, you know, thinking about that. Have you ever heard the voices on that thing? What do we call it? Were the people calling? Oh, the, uh, telephoto? The telephoto. Have you ever heard the voices on there? Yeah. It's like the same six people and five of them have been dead for 20 years. Well, I think the telephoto crush in this morning was been wanted to know how many times in the show. When he picked his nose. Right. And, uh, and a lot of interest in that one. No, but, but none of the audience could count that high. Well, uh, he's got a great job. Well, I'll get a grip on yourself. Sir and have a great life, okay? You're just a little too out of control for me. 117 at Wild. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How about to deal? Speaking. Deal. Yes. You pick up the phone now. I'm doing screenless today for a little while because your just on strike. This is, all right. This is the little kid and cross brings that you hate. Sir, can I say something to you? Why don't you find something to do? We said try to call here and be a smart. If you would call, if you would call, if you would call, if you would call, if you would call, if you would call, if you would call, if you would call, rarely, like most intelligent people instead of like here. Yeah, right. And engage in some kind of verbal dialogue beside trying to be some kind of a smart ass and show your butt to the whole world. Is that what you want to do, sir? Why don't you just take your pants off. 117 at W.S. What I mean, he just he's not capable of it. Okay. I guess when you're born that small, it's just the cross that you have to bear for the rest of your life. So to speak. W.I.O.D. Neil, what's inside of your body hurts when you get that operation? I beg your pardon. The side that you're a gallbladder's on, like the right side? Oh, well Hank was wrong that last night. We're talking about one. He was mentioned in your remont. He said make sure what he punches you on the left side. Oh. Yeah. Well, he's out there for the fight. Hey, Neil? Yeah. I'll just call him to snap of this. 118 at W.I.O.D. See what I mean about just barely, barely making the needle move at all, like on the Richter scale of life. W.I.O.D. W.I.O.D. Let's go, what do you have to best? Was that Gary Sibel? I would swear it sounded like him. The opinions expressed from this program are not necessarily those of six kind W.I.O.D. rich projects. When you were a child, your mother told you to clean your plate because there were people starving in India. You always wondered what good it would do. The fact is, it makes those starving people feel a whole lot better to know that you're not letting food go to waste. Food that they could eat. The clean flight notification bureau can help. Every time you clean your plate, the clean flight notification bureau will let us starving family know about it. Just imagine the smiles on their grimy, gone faces. When they hear you beaten all your dinner. Oh, gather round everybody, it's a letter from the clean plate. Not a vacation, you know what I mean? It's just little to be gris, but again, no, I O.C.L.D.D. I O.C.L.D.D.S. Every night, last week, we could even see the people who they think they know happy too. Look at this, said to the clean plate. My son, Lincoln, do you think sure it's clean already, will you? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is funny, the plate. You and the clean plate notification bureau can do a world at good. A third world at good. So how's your friend, micromember, doing up there in Croll Springs? 123 at W.I.O.D. And let's do a growered county. Hello? There's somebody on there, you know, trust me. Hello? Yes. Hello? That's a punk. Yeah. Okay, another punk, they're out of school now. Send them to camp, barbed wires, lots of microwave ovens, large radar ranges. W.I.O.D. Yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I called you last Thursday before you went into your operation. Yes, sir. I, I have, I was the one going in for the effect of me. Oh, my, sure, I hope you had a better thing than I did. Well, it was, uh, it was still, it was a different experience. Yeah. I, I, I was the thing I was worried about most was when they go to give it an over cane. And I tell you what that, that first little prick will definitely get your attention. I believe it. If I can say that. That's what they say in Croll Springs. Yeah, it was, uh, I wouldn't want to do it again. But it's over and done with. Well, I don't want to get to a personal, but where they administer the over cane. Uh, well, I mean, just right at the base. Can we say it's a base, yeah, right around the area. The base of the base. You got it. And it, it, it, it brought me up out of the table. I would think so. But, uh, when we made it through it, I did all the horror stories I've heard about afterwards. You know, an X2 days weren't dealing a little tender, but, uh, Yeah. Everything's back to normal now. Love me tender, right? There you go. Well, that's good. We, we, we both survived and I'm glad you made it through too. Well, I guess. Well, I guess a little carrier, but what can I tell you? Yeah. And the operation, too, right? It's all in the distant past now. You just look back and cattle, half. There you go. And hold your side real tight. Well, uh, the only thing that my biggest problem now is the responsibility for that. And so the suffering continues is just different. Hey, tonight's the big night, Cubs and the fillies at the vet. We're getting chilling on the mountain. We might have a chance. Yeah. But going through the pitch of the cup. Uh, Castillo. Yeah, you know. Now, let me just tell you about Frankie Castillo. He's either very good or very bad. There's no happy meeting with old Frank. Yeah. So we'll see which one shows up. 735 PM tonight. I'll be listening. Okay. Bye bye. 125 already. God. This is moving along like lightning, isn't it? Seems like what? 70 80 90 hours ago that we sat down here today. And this basically almost empty building where there isn't nothing going on. It is. It's sterile in here. It's like a vacuum. There's just nothing. No excitement. There's no vibration. There's no, uh, anything. There's no pulse. It's like death. You walk up and down the hallway. And there's a couple of like sales people who look like they're lost, wandering around. And some of the people from the coaster like, Hey, let's go out. We're still on the air. What's the worst plate would? Where? Where's the playlist? Although I game commend them. I cannot believe that they played eye in the sky this morning by the Allen Parsons project. God. The greatest record of the history of music. I mean, undeniably beyond the shadow of it out. Because that's my opinion. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. Neil. Yeah. I was going to have to look at plantation. For a representation general. Excuse me? Pintation general? No. Uh, humana? No, it was university. University. University? University of University? University of University. University of University. I've never heard of it. I've never heard of it. I didn't know what University A.1. 74th something. I'm from Dave County, so I don't know. 74th something. 74th 25th. I think was the address university drive. Well, whatever you say. Anyway, uh, I think I had a worse than you did. I'm ready to see you back. Everything is okay. I have a request. Well, what does that mean? I mean, what did you just say? You think you had a worse than I did in what? No, you had a worse than I did. Oh. Okay. Hi, I basically got off easy. Okay. What is it? I want to hear Sammy Smith's parody of yesterday. Okay. Thank you. Good luck to you. Congratulations. Oh, man. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. We can't say sorry enough. 127 at W.I.O.D. And I'm telling you, man, what's going on in this town? I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Kimmer and Eva Brown on a bad day or sister soldier. God. Yes, today. Sammy Smith, on my Broadway. We're the bad-bomb never knew how to play. I can't believe what happened yesterday. Yes, today. Look, they have been seeing so far away. They said Sammy, now there is no way. Oh, yes, today. So, boy, you. Why you? I'm a man, boy, when you're paid for a girl away. There's no way. There's no way. But now I'm alone to pray in this old city. Oh, yes. By Sammy, packed that man as sandwich. Salami on Rye with mayonnaise. 129 at W.I.O.D. And let's say how about line eight. W.I.O.D. Why are you discovered a gold blunder? W.I.O.D. Now that you're free, you're even knows banana. Look at that. They're softening their tools as we say. W.I.O.D. Hello. W.I.O.D. Give it up, Niel. W.I.O.D. W.I.O.D. Hello? Yes. Who's this? Micromember? W.I.O.D. Does Neil? Yeah. Oh, you're doing a different format today. Yeah, we sure are. Oh, like to mix it up a little bit, you know, I'm sensor? Yeah, I was confused. I was calling it calling it calling it calling it. Just let her ring. It's ready to keep doing it. It's like, it's like weird. Yeah, it is like weird. Like, like, anyway, how are you doing? Uh, I like. Yeah. When did it go off things going on the news today? Like the pressing man. The day they worked in touch and have talked a lot of weeks, spoken to at many, many years here today. W.I.O.D. Yes, Neil? Yes, sir. Oh, I wanted to talk to you about Rix-Sentons. Why? Oh, you, you, you know, you know, Rob's department store? In a way? At a Rob. Our Rix-Sentons. Right? Yeah. And he was taking a certain rate in the middle of the store. Yeah. And, uh, this guy, I mean, he's a photoidiot. 130 W.I.O.D. Let's go to a date county. Hello. Oh, y'all. W.I.O.D. Only if W.I.O.D. See how I was through then. How you doing? The W.I.O.D. Hey, y'all. It's pretty good. All right. Listen, uh, first I like to believe all these celebrities were hearing from today. The great and the great, great. We had Elvis, you and your junior. We just had Elvis, Ruben, Jr. I hated when that happened. Yeah. And listen, I personally like to say thanks to you and Rick and Sir's, uh, you made me talk video coverage to you. I remember, Jr. Yeah. Yeah. You guys are making money for the station. Uh, in fact, two part commentary. One of those, uh, just, uh, soldiers saying, where does lady is? Um, I think the Benjamin Huston people like Al-Stores and in Jesse, they got a lot of nerve saying that people are just, be funding the issues. When they're giving a lot of credit to the lady, possibly with an un-grade education, it has talent field where anybody who can make a real keep blind and to make a million dollars. So, uh, let's talk about minimalizing the issues. What do you want to learn from making a keep blind just in Jacksonman doing, they're making a career that for 30 years now? Yeah, but, you know, people like you, you're absolutely right about the TV thing. And if there weren't for the TV, then there's women when we cause anybody any problem. That I never heard of her and my life would be a lot better. Exactly. Anyway, so, got a good hospital story boy. Yeah. You might like this stuff. There was up in the web column, so that to tell you something anyway. Uh, my own goal, he's pretty shallow guys on 55. He's pretty tough, but they still work. And he had none to do that. And he stood up as me and his back and he was hospitalized for a few pain. He couldn't move anything. So he told them first, I'll tell you, I'm allergic to Tylenol and I'm allergic to taste. And they put it on his charge. And if Dickham and Baden, they said, hey, you got some good pain. There's the way he did. And they hate to punch the Tylenol to his hand. So, it's just about, they started pumping him with Tylenol, for he, you know, good coating stuff in there. And they take the IV through his arm, of course. And so he had just a casual allergic reaction for him. So in order to treat the allergic reaction, they're taking him in the bathtub and tell like a size or like an old modeling road through or something. Told him about a hundred gallons of water and he put oatmeal or something kind of crap in there to relieve the allergic reaction. And he's sitting in there just starting to get relaxed a little bit and the size or below is open on this thing, right? But it's 45-year-old man just blown out on the water. So I don't know, I'm full, I'm with a hundred gallons of water. And I was eating them. Or I'm sure it was right up to the partner, he hit the ceramic there. Yeah. And that wasn't so soothing. So then they said, oh, yeah, well, we've been having a problem with that. And the next day, they're sucking back in and getting for the happen. Everyone's opening their their. One more time. And we're opening again. So you need time to use a talking real nice lawsuit. They keep opening with the timer. They're just lost to massive lawsuit, just keep standing. Okay, but now has a good ring to it. But when our question is, they put him in his table. It's some kind of whole entire body tract and this thing rotates from side to side to keep the blood, bodily fluids, you know, moving and stuff like that. And they didn't quite have a hang on how to put him in there because he's got this the bat problem, right? But he's got a minute to see. They've got the minute around the top of his head, but they didn't mobilize his back. So this thing rotates inside the side. And he's swinging back and forth. Like, that's a bit hated all the time. Yeah, that thing, right? Oh, man, that would be good on people in town. That would be great. Oh, it's lovely. So he said, screw you. He made him give him this clothes. He got up and left. And now he can figure that out. So I was standing. So have a good day, Neil. We get half. So let's see. One, thirty four, you know, that punk that told me before about how, how come I'm ripping my side as he was born there? I mean, what kind of logic is that? Would you stop and think about that? Talk about pre-pubescent mentality? How is it possible for there to be somebody dumb kids running around on the loose? How is it possible? Like, I was born strong Memorial Hospital and watching you in New York. And if somebody got butchered up there when I say, oh, yeah, you shouldn't be knocking. I have always born there after all. How is that mean? You punk? Get the latest news traffic and weather info each morning with Mike Granary in the morning information. Got the fourth of the emergency, so. I can tell you, it's busy. Very crappy. You had herself a kid with the hobby. Now you're getting quiet from our night eating. Let's see how it's supposed to be. Let's see how it's supposed to be. Get me down. Let's see how it's supposed to be. Just the character of the eating. I can't stand quail, but it's nothing on me. Every time you see this, what's in your face? Got a fucking bird. Just take off your face. You're not a child. You're not a child. You're not a child. You're not a child. You're not a child. You're not a child. I'll be here without a little baby. You must have something better to do with these kids. Get a light. You can read. No great moron, blind ball, you'll litter at Juphold. You. Funny told to it, WIOD. Let's do a date County. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I just respect you something. I was wondering if you saw it. I'm likely they don't get here because this, we got a skeleton through here today. And most of the ones who are walking around look like skeleton. Anyway, I just felt this broke out the boys and they jersey. Yeah. Fatty with baby crime family over there. There's a thing for their car. Fat jacks and North Gills. Yeah. He looks just like him in cold books. Oh, I didn't see that. I got it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's right. That's right. I took a few an hour and I took an hour and he took it. I already know those kids in here, man. But, um, I spent all that free time in Vegas. Absolutely. It all. I risked my case. But that's probably out there with low green right now. Yeah. Yeah. But maybe to be fetched by memory. Didn't properly save Sunday, Wishing. Um, but then they did. I think last year and year before they tried it for two seasons. And I liked it a lot. I thought it was great for they didn't like it. They dropped it. Yeah. Because I thought it was at once in a night. But I was in an argument with someone that said, no, I'm not. They never heard that. But here's the year's in a row. We did it. And I was there every Sunday. And I liked it a lot. And what can I say? I didn't like it. I thought so. But just, uh, when you remember when you rip and hands, he's obviously got friends in high places there. You don't want to sleep with the fish as it would ever. All right. Take it. Take it. Take it. Five. One forty two and WIO day. And let's do, uh, I don't know. We do the streamers. And I try to jump all around the mixture that we get, uh, micro-organized a couple of times. WIO day. Oh. WIO day. Yeah. Could you do an autopsy? What? Could you an autopsy? How old are you? I'm 23. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. Woo. What's going on? Let's go to, uh, date County WIO day. Yes. I want some other time to make a beer, Brent. WIO day. I got a meal. Yeah. How you doing? Pretty good. That was, you know, that was that edge of sound. That was that buddy from Homestead. I'd like to. I couldn't hear because, uh, you have a phone ring and I couldn't hear it. Believe me. You're very lucky. Pretty bad, huh? Uh, me or how the, you know, the satellite. You have a number for that? What are you talking about? So, for the satellite company. Do I have the number for it? Yeah. Or it's like, it's barely like hello or anything. And already you want something. Really like, said hello. How you been? How's that operation? God, too late now. You just want something. You want the number for life, international, is that it? Is that it, right? You're going to get a date? Yeah. I'm thinking of getting a date. Don't think about it. Do it. Get a death on me. You will kiss the ground and send the love letters in the sand and the scant. I'm telling you. And, uh, the only thing that can keep you sane in this town. Are you in date? Yeah. I'm in date. Eight nine five. Eight nine five. Seven six six one. Seven six six one. Okay. One more question. Do you ever watch the zoat dream on in each field? Never heard of it. Never heard of it. Dream on. Yeah. Dream on. It's about one. It's an adult comedy. Uh, I guess. I guess. Okay. Okay. I think you'll be able to do it. One forty three and WIOD. The star line. He said. With great anticipation. Hope for the best and there's nobody on there. Which like I said, ain't too bad. My comparison. WIOD. WIOD. One forty four. See there. You did that one little moment there. And you think, well, you know, just maybe let it give them out of the out of the system. You know, saying like some like some old bad green snots. It's like way up in your own finances. And it's just just hopeless because I mean it's so small as like an ingrown here now. An ingrown here and there. Which is a combination. No, seriously. That's like an ingrown combination. An ingrown here. And boy, you get those two babies in there together. Fight them and force their way out. And you got some heavy duty. Prens are depending on where my date. WIOD. Okay. WIOD on the cell on. Hi, I'm so glad that you're feeling better. You had me in a picture during your operation. We were really concerned. Yeah, you had me in a picture. That's clever. Little plan worried very well. We will be fair. We don't want to lose you. Well, I can tell by the response and have been back to the audience in just a month. But they're all up on you. You know what? But the crew listeners really care about you. Yeah. All of them. All of them. Who else is? Help me in. Put the meal. You just supply up. What is it? You just supply it. It's called a blue job. And I've been done. A long gone. A long long gone. Why? Because they ain't get out. The greatest. Oh, where do we get it? Right now, you don't get it. There's no such thing as where do we get it? It's gone. They told it out here because they're a bunch of pandas. How they sent me here. There's a bunch of stuff. There you go. There we got no more trousers. We got no more Memphis. We got no more a blue job. We got no more green jobs. I told my wife. We got a snow job. That's what we got here. That's about it. We got a big snow job from the Pandies and Talks broadcast. And that's what we got. Well, we're all the money they had. They can afford to pay the fine. Yeah, right. You know, we should have. No, that's the problem. They didn't pay the fine. That's the problem instead of standing up and fighting it like they had some principal to stand on for their $5 billion. And I'm trying to keep money on them. Did they pay you that at your salary? Of course not. Well, so I couldn't afford it. Well, the electric. I just wanted to personally say, what are you doing? They take it out of my salary. What does that mean? Well, we're eye work. If I threw up. No, I didn't. I didn't threw up. Everything that this station got fine for was approved by the middle level management on this radio station. Oh, you mean you're taking that again? Didn't come out. I don't know who it came out of. It didn't come out of my hide. I'll tell you that. Well, we all have to stop for the car today. Yeah. I'm sure you'll survive. Okay. Well, we will. That is your back and how you're alive. I'll say, have a great life and grow up already. 146 to WIOD. What is that? What do you want? Why are you holding that? Like you've got some like magic potion in your head. Like holding that cup of coffee like a witch's rule behind some piece of boring copy you've got again. God, you hear that one spot he does? Yeah, or yeah, or it starts out like somebody is just stuck there for about 40 of his but I somebody goose him. You're regressing back into about 50. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Probably talking around saying John Lot wait. 147 WIOD. 147. You in the super day and Mr. Music or Mr. Radio. What's his name? Mr. Radio. What up? Well, you're a scene at God, Mr. Radio. God. Oh man, Mr. Radio, you are like a rottling sack of walking crats is what you are. Okay, you are just pathetic. God, I'd rather see how I'm barto than Mr. Radio. I'd rather be dead than see how I'm barto again. All the probably up in the top and all we'll have to be settled with is other than this again up there than that. Wandering around desperately hoping that somebody speaks to them. I love that gang up there on the floor. And just all like wander around finding, oh, I had the two over the three four five and a lot of us nobody cares. Nobody cares just sitting your own seat and tank your turret up and just have a good time. It's not running around trying desperately to find somebody to validate your prosthetic existence. Okay, now. 148 WIOD and this weekend we're going to be at where we're going to be. We're going to be a brand mart in the South Ressville small from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on the Saturday. Get it right. This Saturday. Keep saying it over and over again this Saturday. And they'll be demonstrating the Sony Bay that this man. And we'll have our, uh, Camille House CDs and those new T shirts and some tickets to the Dolphin's Preseason, you'll better get the cowboy and tickets to the hurricane home opener against Florida, A&M and speaking of the Sony day to this man, it is about as much fun as you can have in the palm of your hand legally. I'll tell you that anywhere in Dayton, Broward, guaranteed. And they've got all kinds of neat stuff that you pop in there. Like the dictionary of American flying and the Webster Crossword Puzzle Bixenery and Monarch Notes and International Line Guide and a official airline guide. And World Travel Translator and Ebert's movie home companion and the time table of arts and entertainment, 40 years baseball guide and registered and much more. The Sony Bay to this man is an electronic book reader that's capable of displaying thousands of pages of text and graphics through it on a removable dish. You just pop a mini-ancome out and they give you access to an entire library worth of an information right on top of your desk or on your briefcase. And of course it's the perfect gift for Father's Day graduation or back to school about to school. So, let's check it out. This Saturday at Brandsmart, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. to Sony day to this man, I'll see you at the sub-rass mill Saturday. Got those low-moving, great dragon, bumper to bumper blues. Must be your second graphic right now. I guess you missed that traffic report on 6th and Wild. Top thing in in stay tuned is 6th and Wild. Where's Skywatch 6th and traffic updates? 30 days from the morning into the afternoon and throughout the night. Skywatch 6th and traffic. From South Florida's new traffic and weather stations, new truck radio, 6th and Wild. And bus, the bumper to bumper blues. The night is tickets for sunset tickets and South Florida's most wishes is for it's show. We're not afraid of seeing it. Every time you have a dream. Hey man, how are you doing? Hey, keep that right in the round. You're a little rat of cruiser for days off. They should probably pretty hungry, right? Everybody down. Right? Let's go, go home. Where you gonna watch your head. You can rub those on the table. You can rub those on the table. You know, we're gonna do that. Come here. Cause we're not sure. The mood for service makes you get red-grown. I'd give me a life-sick hand kiss to the door special. Hey, hey, hey, hey. What up is you? Why? Cause I'm gonna do for you. We're not your mama. We're not your mama. We're not the best of anything you want. And if you're a super-bag and make it yourself. That was great. So for a sex match, we're the most expensive. Do you? If yourself, we're not your mama. 153. At WIWD. Speaking of mothers, Johnny Dorothy just didn't hear briefly in Voror. We need to press about that. WIWD. Yes, not the only one. No chance. WIWD. Oh, oops, two ladies. WIWD. WIWD. There. Yes. How you doing? Okay. Listen, you're killing me down here in Southwest G. Why is that? I've been beaten, steering wheel, and laps and so hard. Tears are running out of my eye. Really, me too. Listen, I gotta absolutely see what's reclusive. No chance. No chance. Well, it's pretty late. Well, I understand it a little bit of time. What is it? It's a race of the rowing. See. 153 at WIWD. Starline. What is it? Space rowing? See. 153 at WIWD. Starline. Space rowing? Space rowing? See. 153 at WIWD. Starline. I got a proper cross. It's a simple full. Oh, and then we get to the, then we can call crab shots. That was special. That was it. Well, an hour and a half of this seamless and you saw, oh, this is pretty good. This is garbage. And then finally, we strike gold, man. That made the whole show. Thank you so much, sir. And that was like the time tunnel and confusion and phone Crap and it's like, we'll go up at a one big, gigantic, electronic ball. And you're like sitting right inside of it. That was it. God. Man, the hairs inside the follicles inside my colon, I like trembling now from that. God, that was good. WIWD. WIWD. Neil. Yes. I have to tell you, this, I want to celebrate this with you. 24 years ago. I had my gold bladder removed. Yeah. Yeah. You know, by those, I know if the enemy's doctor, using a Russian Confucian rocket. Oh. Oh. 155. Well, hey, at least it was peace anyway. And no, no, you don't have to worry about the dangers of that very, very nauseous anesthetic either. WIWD. Just like a stock standard promo. Yeah, right. WIWD. Hi, I'm Neil. Yes, man. Yeah, I just wondered if you knew the four episodes that were associated with gallbladder disease. The four, and. Yes, it's not just that bad. Except for all 48 and flat Americans. Did you have any of those? Please don't tell me that. Wait. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Other than pretty interesting. Yeah, that's true. Alrighty. Not great, but cute. It's real, though. Yeah. Okay. But, but, pretty weak. 1506, you're WIWD. Who's that? Was that you? Or did you pick it up? It was what? Oh, cranked on the bat line. Oh, boy. That reaches you. And that number out again. Probably got another speedy ticket. See, I originally wasn't going to. I wasn't going to sit on him. You know, but he keeps saying we kind of get stopped. He gives the top to your bat line. Hey, it's true. I told you what I'm saying. There you go. That reaches voice friends again. WIWD. Hi, Neil. Hi. But it's good that we're born and now. So I went in the 20 years ago. And then they came up with a brain damage child. How you were brain damage? Yeah. Number two, six years. Soja was on, uh, Speaking of brain damage. Soja and you after the ride. He went, uh, he had two steps, half of her life. And received a scholarship to go to college. And now he's condemning the very system that gave her that chance. I think that's pretty unfair. He makes me an awesome person. I want to go back in the hospital and let him do anything they want to make. I'm glad you're well. Thank you. Or put her in there instead. For a match, that's how it was really something to do. Nausea. Okay. Well, we got that straightened out. Okay. For the punk who survived my son. I had birth. Okay. Mr. Hot Pot, Mr. Expert, Mr. Rockett scientist. WUIOD. WUIOD. Yeah. It's so cool, man. WUIOD. Hey, I know it. Okay. Well, you don't want to do this as a surgeon. WUIOD. WUIOD. Bring back the lightning round, the. WUIOD. Hello, an ARUO. Okay. Good. You know that's a gold blood operation, yes? Yeah. You know it's a second. Most, uh, frequent horn surgery. Yeah. And I think by the way, I forgot to mention this. CBS, the I and the news, whatever the call that thing on CBS news, I think it's the nicer having a feature on that. Oh, really? Because only people are in the mail. Oh, you've been off the hospital, man. I get this newspaper for a long and off the hospital. No, but seriously, people are bleeding to that stomach because there are surgeons who are performing who are like beginners and they're like experimenting on patients and they don't have a dood yet. Oh, no. And they're having all kinds of exciting little things. Yeah, take 6.6 days off the hospital stay. How long did you take? 6.6 days. Yeah, that's what it says. I was there for about five days. Oh, you're. I was going to say I was going to have a thank you to the overnight for one day. That's the big sales page. Go. Yeah. Come in for one night, rest up and you go home the next day. There you go. Not listen. I'm calling in six from your work from last Saturday to show up to our I'm sorry. Here's these bags and Kevin, you're bed wet and fancy. Okay. Can I mail? Don't do it again. Okay. What about these strange sounds we got there? Those extraneous little are farting sounds on the phone. Well, anyway, we got that one call on the mobile is it certainly made my entire day. And now that I've been between that and getting my paycheck, I feel it was like that we're doing things that we didn't even come in here today because certainly there are a lot of other people who didn't bother to. This is like a ghost town in here. It's like a skeleton crew. It's like, it's just a certain, I would just say a certain atmosphere in here. But it's like a lack of atmosphere in this place. Like there's just nothing going on. Like we're just, they walking. I don't know how to describe it. Like we're just going through the motions of life. Like we're faking our way through. Like we're on some horrendous drug trip. Like somebody has released all kinds of hallucinogenic drugs throughout the ventilation system. Anyway, speaking of that, breathe deep now. Use the wrong amount of planet with Rick and Spudda's afternoon. They're going to be smoking and carpeting, okay? From two to six to five to noon to make way for a basketball and football draft talk with studying and Joe's a Gackackie at 6.05 this evening. And then, of course, the highlight of the day every day Monday through Friday here on WIOD, a monster in the broadcast industry, man with more kids than the entire Chinese army. Hey, go, Barron. With Go Barron, good night. Life and season's palace in Vegas has signed the Holy Cow Holyfield homicampion kid fight. That's where the dude's traffic and women's drug, where he goes, six to seven, WIOD. My every four water meal in the Palm Beach.