What did Upsedge Wood hockey?ивать work... Oh! I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. You're robber steams going to be like the metal ants complex and then the heat will van moose from downtown and the hockey team will play there And Miami as usual will be left holding the bag Let's go to where we go We have an open line in Broward did I just say that? I don't know I'm wound up between the hockey and the sugar cookies. I feel like Sandy Peyton sugar cookies Michael sugar cookies That's how I feel almost not that boring though Hollywood Hollywood yes sir my name is Ralph. Yes, Ralph. I want to know something. Yes Now why did a M and P M what is the stamp for? Are you listening to this show Ralph? Yes, what the hell does that have to do with what anything that's going on here I want to know what a M and P M is what does that have to do with anything you disgusting old fart about baseball football About anything Why me not a M and P M what is this how about B M you know what B M stands for go take a shot if it's possible and in your case unlikely You idiot Boy as soon as you hear that will we don't want old parts okay call we have a we have a special part of the day on Wild for old parts like you it's called the telepoll on the micro-nary show Mike opens up about two minutes worth of time that he donates the air-requarctivity disgusting old fart Who doesn't give a damn about see he's the epitome he don't care about the rest of us being in a great mood and have it a great day He's got his own agenda What is a M and B M I got your B M over here man it just came through the phone God what a fart God what a fart God what a fart God what a fart Mr. A Seguid I would love to know what goes on inside the house with his Shirley doing white reading I don't know if they're reading the newspaper or the script is one of the other Ric Lali Ric Lali Ric Lali Ric Lali So I wonder what Rick is doing at the dining room table. Let me speak right now Why do everybody picking on me just light not man? There is some heavy duty crap going on inside of that house I Think we could we could make a soap opera It would make test of Riley a pale into win significance. I never said that anyone Today what if I did I forgot Rikwali is like some kind of a psychotic Accumator in that house and his underwear and his news paint, but that's not bad enough Ric Lali Ric Lali Ric Lali Yeah Is the discussing that right around the banging table right now is lovely Shirley and wife Why is everybody picking on me just light not man? Oh, yeah I am an ambassador why do some people get stoned and some people not 1054 at Wild Miami Oh, no, I got you to fucking my spinner. Yeah, but Hey, I got that asshole wouldn't know a BM if you forced that him 10,000 prunes right Anyway, how about them black blue and silver Miami blades the Miami blades? Yeah, that is a pink flamingos for the cream and Eagles for that now. We don't want no screaming Eagles already went very that might be good Tinking light blue and honor of a shocking dive of my do the screaming queens all right, huh? Huh the blade sounds good right no no because there was I think it was the Toledo blades is a minor league team That's the blades we don't want to have a minor league name the star right now. We're a minor league town No, don't say that even though it's true You and believe how I found out I'm listening to Rick and put yeah, there's just like impenant yeah, and I'm so I decided to slip around a little bit And I hear Hank and he's going will never get off you team because we'd have to build another arena And then some girl some old guy calls up using all bunch of big words that he didn't really understand from the arena Yeah, and he says we just got one and then Hank had that eat everything. He just said right down there And the story didn't the story didn't really break for like another hour after that wow Rick and says and ever did talk about it No, and that's you know, I'm not gonna let up on his segredo thing is he really pisses me off Oh, Tony of all the people in this market. He's the worst offender if he's not interested in just like the thing with When we had the breeder's crowded pop in a park. But I remember back in years when they used to have the media race And he used to drive into media race and he would make a big feature and we had to see Tony in a sulky and all of a sudden He was really interested in the hardest racing, which you know, nothing about but we get the breeder's crown and he gives us nothing And people are having to call up Bernie Rosen to go over there and whip him and beat him to give us like a little bit of coverage because Tony is basically just a self-serving self-provoting fool Yeah, all right and Tom to get his pants down from his damn armpits What the hell are we supposed to watch for local news and then beats a hell out of me? Oh, so that's pathetic Yeah, anyway the blade okay. No, see how about the game blades Cool, see yeah cool two open lines and They're both in date County the home of the new Miami hockey team will are probably out parting like all day today They probably stone out of their mind like any other Friday or any other day of the week 7519463751 W.I. OD Here's a tap. I. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah Speaking of incompetence on the airways down here Ted Webb Joe douchebag on FLA what a wicked web. We used to think when we practiced to listen to FLA. Yes He says yesterday on the radio or the other day won't call barger died. Yeah He says that for about six or seven seconds seconds. He's actually looking for somebody to high five Hmm Doos bag is that great that's about the tenth call we've had about some really grotesque Psychotic things that were settled over there. Oh nice. I don't like them. Yeah, I was reading this there's this magazine that comes out up here Call players magazine. Yeah, and they're doing a feature this this week. They do a thing on radio and They talk about Bob the Carlo Bob the Carlo. He says that you use his going home music You use to work with you I never worked with Bob the driving home Well, that's what he says as he worked with you down in Miami And weather all the different You through the traffic Sarah smile or two Bob the Carlos driving home with you every day Carlos driving home on some special Well, double you There it is touching it is Have a good day, man. The correlation. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pat. Correct. See you My shot is a piece of crap Ellen box was a normal man with a nice home a lovely family and a cushy job with his father-in-law's company Normal that is until just three weeks ago Hi honey how was your day? Some of an esoteric Monday I feared going to bed but nonetheless when they see if I can't focus it in To the best of my ability Ellen boxes suffering from Bob Lasseter disease Are you feeling alright Ellen? Absolutely insane. I see things that nobody all seems to see Or at least cares to admit that they say Bob Lasseter disease attacks the central nervous system causing otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal Maniacs how with you today. I don't want to talk to you What's more Bob Lasseter disease is the one form of depression which is actually contagious God just listing that voice. I want to jump off a building you're the lowest of the low your I snake You're a scumbag Please send whatever you can today to post office box one the 800 devenport Iowa honey It's Friday night. You know what that means Betching and morning and screaming and hollering please help What what is obsession with talking? Oh wait till you hear this facts. I just got you're gonna just pee in your pants When you hear this Neo Rogers and big letters hockey hockey hockey hockey I'm sick of you talking about the world's most boring sport It will be a dismal failure and the arena will be empty. Why's up and talk about a popular sport like soccer? Oh Give me a break these people with their soccer He's yeah right well That is take your soccer ball and stick over the moon don't shine and then we can get rid of the fight Del and then we get a hockey night in Cuba right hockey night in Cuba right with the Havana But no more hey moss can only I'm sure there's a few volleys hidden down there probably Maybe with the Haitians we can get a good goalie come in possible Okay, just just looking after some jobs in there okay Take it easy. See ya Hi boys and girls it's time for P we shopping tips Marla, I he we shopping tips Today we're gonna talk about holiday shopping What do you with what about the global recession well global the recession is beginning to Peter out Oh That's right if we all glad and spend a lot we'll have this thing beat in no time So this holiday season by lots of cool stuff like fake vomit and plastic dark poop A my personal favorite I don't love those retoys if you want to help the economy go get mommy's purse Or daddy's wallet grab a big stack of dollar bills and then shook the entire world Along kids Okay 11 16 and W i would be on a Diabetic coma induced Friday This sales and this is exactly this goes back to what I've been talking about all week out of control out of control Sales department it would just when you think they hit rock bottom they find another level Pretty soon they're gonna like dig out from underneath wherever they are and find China on the other end like a little baby chick crawl out of an egg They're like dig through the ground and look up how so man Unbelievable It's not even 11 20 yet We've had three food deliveries already thanks to Anilusia bake shop we know your stuff is great But if you people back in sales could coordinate because we can only have so many strokes and so many bells policy attacks and so many Colmas to keep you people in business back there okay? It was all great, but there wasn't anybody in sales who told us about any of this crap that was coming in today Okay, I mean about any of this great stuff that was coming in today like I said Have some ham Roger Well, no seriously. It's too good to waste and like I said before on the days when like George and I want lunch period That's it and they come in here with a couple of boxes of stuff before the box even hits the counter in here There are like 15 people like starving immigrants lined up at the table on a day like today when we got more food than Carter's got pills And we got all kind this beautiful big ham here and we got all kinds of croissants and good stuff to make sandwiches and honey mustard We got a big for people to come in here and eat So thank God for a couple real hazers like Steve Ziggler and Roger to be in here and picking up the slack Lady and North Miami. Hi, New you how you doing well. I'm talking you once again my favorite personality and no I'm not sucking around and I do a dream about 20 segreddle you want sucking you ever heard and seen the Dan Marine or show? Oh, yeah, it makes me sick. Kissy kissy kissy kissy. Yeah, if you kissy the guy is really horrible. Yeah, I got a question for you Okay, tell me I'm wrong. You know the Dan has to wear a body condom before it is on that show. Probably Yeah Don't tell me that they're gonna put that in separate René we are until 10 o'clock until me again Who said they're doing that? Well, I heard something I thought you are not gonna have the coming number nine to 10 Is this true? Wait a minute. Why? I had a story That no no no no no no. Will you listen to me? That's an old tape. I was talking about when they had me coming in at 930 and doing that half hour lie Right there a minute nine to 10 thing is the solid until we put Howard Stern on it. I mean, it's solid Well, thank god. Yeah, because I want to tell you something if this company had any brains at all They would have how 105 which were taken over in a few days They'd have Howard Stern on the morning on how 105 faster than you can say douchebag, okay? And make Jillian's dollars and corner the whole market a MFM PM. I mean whatever you want we'd have it and they're just too stupid to do that Probably so they're gonna let magic buy out waxy. That's the rumor They're gonna put Howard on the morning and Lardass Limbaugh and the who knows what they're gonna do. Oh my god. That's the rumor Well, I'm as long as I'm gonna be able to keep having you see and you know something if this company put how What how what a five with Howard in the morning. This is the only company in town that could do it without being Abused by certain individual moralist in town who liked to us right in the FCC Uh-huh, well, you see if they would sit down and think about that and Realize yeah, use a little bit of smarts, but no, they're not gonna do that So it'll wind up with magic having Howard on and then there would be certain individuals writing psychotic lives Always said dickhead on the air and he said let's be a dilidate and the governor's elves accordingly in all I crap God damn it. This is supposed to be a free country right exactly But this is a bunch of garbage. It's a bunch of shots. I agree with you 100% right and you keep up the good And you have a good weekend, damn it. I knew to see that okay. Yeah, well, I love the hockey see ya. Bye bye We have an open line in day seven five one. Why don't they ever consult with me about doing something that makes sense because It usually cost money Hold that kneel he wants us to spend money. Oh Like in Tampa God forbid what was ever the upshot shot Of well, I don't know what that word means anymore is that a real word now upshot? I almost wanted to say at the other way around to like balance it out But what was the final deal with the Randy and S.U.N. Are they coughing up a couple of bucks for her or what? Because the day that Randy goes off S.U.N is the day that I take a long walk. I'll tell you that like from here right downstairs to Gary Mills office to get my check Oh, you've got dogs sled runs you should move with guns What a way to end a pain and you fish for ice you think hockey's nice It's played without a brain who a Canada Oh Give me my old star game. I want it back now The space ball in Canada makes me a blue child 1126 at Wild your friendly station for the 90s. We have an open line in date 751 9463 I said to us some of this morning. I said some of them about what stations been a carry the hockey games because QAM is already tied up with a heat And there'll be obviously a lot of conflicts since they both are fall and winter sports and he said Maybe by that time Wild will have the heat now. I have news for you, okay? Not being an NBA fan If I had my brothers, why did choose between having NBA basketball or hockey on the year at night on this station? It's not even a contest, okay? Forget it. Let them have the heat over there. The heat doesn't even I'll show a thing on a Richter scale on QAM It doesn't even make like a little blip on the heart monitor South Miami. South Miami. Yes, sir. Good morning, Neil. Wait, it's to you. I'm really happy about hockey and baseball and this time It might start to get something to go. We're starting to like you know like a little hemorrhoid man Which eventually goes into a gigantic grape. We're starting to like just a little lot things start to grow Little right in the tunnel somewhere right but also I reason I call this because for a year I've been working with a stew's bag And he always comes in and makes me turn off the radio put on this noisy squeaky jazz stuff. Oh, great well What is he some kind of a pseudo intellectual snob? Oh, he's very much but guess what for the last week? I got him for over a year now Yeah, then listening to you and cracking up and enjoying it really and he says he's gonna hold it against me if I turn him into a kneeling He's gonna hold it against you. He's been a hold it against you. Yeah, I run like hell. Yeah Oh, that's too too. But mainly it's what I want to say but and I'm really proud to be happy and have a good one Okay, do you too? Bye-bye. See you. See you. It's never too late for anybody if they give the show a chance Everybody belesting okay and Let me say a one more time since Cheryl is standing in the room if this company had any brains We'd have Howard doing mornings on hot 105 since this is the only station in the market he could be on without being abused by certain dictatorial individuals The Nemeca lot of sense to you We'd have it made in the shade we got like a built in thing there man, but oh no, we don't want to put that out cuz it costs money And we want hot 105 to be another cash cow for the sisters We don't want to have any staff and all you people at hot 105 by the way good luck to you and you're in your future lives and careers Whatever they are cuz it sure won't be at this place They're blowing y'all out y'all Here's Jupiter on the star line. They're me. Oh, yeah hockey good Reneri bad that guy in the morning is so pathetic all he talks about is getting his car washed and then it raining on it It's from two things to Thursday He talks about his car getting washed and how it's gonna rain and he says it's over and over again Who cares about his car? Yeah, but haven't you ever heard him talk about when the birds fly over? Oh, yeah, okay? I got a quote one What Mike said this morning he had his car washed by Spencer on Wednesday and a flock of seagulls flew over and he said I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now Well, I tell you I think he Go over Carl the time well, hey listen have a great life. Okay. We know what that's probably Jimmy Sefalos boyfriend calling We have an open line in date 75 one a one on the star line at star iod and we're doing it today I'll tell you that here's Tallahassee for example. Hey, belly how you doing Salate, pali? Tally All right, that guy was whiny. Yeah, I mean, it was Sefalos boyfriend just now. Yeah listen I have a shameless request, but I have a good reason for it. Yeah, tomorrow I graduate Really, yes, about 35 how I have to eat Leon County Civic Center Graduate from what FSU yes, no Knocked me down and put a hand in the teeth man four and a half years. Yeah, okay, and I'm doing it Yeah, with Mrs. Robinson probably well Two other selected ladies, but anyway here's my request on a year young Neil You haven't played it in years so in other words you do want to graduate is that what you're saying? I want to graduate. Yeah Don't why did you do that? Of all the carts we must have I would say 3,000 carts in the studio Yeah, of all the ones you could have asked for that's the one I absolutely will not play Because I do it because it's boring. It's tedious man. It's ponderous. It's like Casey. No, it's not like Casey it goes on and Any of the Knulls have stuff on the brand new best of us matter of fact. It's on this years That should be an incentive since you're graduating to a cut loose with 22 bucks. All right All you saw my a thousand dollars. I'm gonna get you know how about a second choice I got to go with British under How about young Neil? Young Neil. I want you Neil. Do you want to tape it you want young Neil? Yeah, well, it's the first time for everything. Well, no, I don't do it. Well, that's a great day But don't be so defensive just because you're in Tallahassee. Yeah, you have a little sense He'd like not for a little bit. Yeah, just because you're up there with a bunch of Yahoo's yeah, I'm moving back to you know Where I was waiting for your cart there with Randy this guy He why he's once request every cart that we don't want to play he wants to program the damn show I don't know where the hell I needed to have I'll pick what Gary chip where the hell is the cart? What it's not up there. It's not there George where the hell is the cart? Oh, Jesus you must be the guy that comes in here every morning and pulls one card out and then you call me up and say Oh, I want to hear whatever one you pulled out of here. It's like a conspiracy to drive me nuts fire Where the hell is it? It's not here. Well, I'm moving back. It's swear that the cart was here yesterday See you good luck wait Neil say goodbye. Yeah It's a driver up here right now. I want to call my bunch of that. Oh God, I hope they give you some help have a great time. Take it please. See you got on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and He should be in at on and on and on is what he should be in I think he's probably that God damn founder and that he's a bugger me for carts like No back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA Here again America's youngest dog show host six year old Neil Rogers Okay, I guess we're done. Neil and they're spun minutes left in the hour Who wants to come cause the only hello? Yeah, Neil how's it going great that's good What's the right cancel my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle? Good old DNC. What an abortion that people is Then I asked how many other people did like once and they said no my business Yeah, we're a real nice of there Okay, well, I just thought I'd like you know you're a son of American have a nice life Well, hello, I want to speak to Neil you got him Yeah Neil you're a stinky think on glue sniff and bad water at a pantry They call this day so far did he say pantry? Let me get off my mum bring I R my buy three emails every Saturday to the list show and this guy called me named She might use the same on you by the way have you seen some of those bag boys at the new amp No, what are you About a A million The world and they fit me in here with an egg My god Family castle hello You're supposed to be such a nice boy Come out your style. How about yeah, but you can't share it off you can't share it off I Read this Offers from other stations The cavea Amara For doing Instead, I stay here and entertain you grow test Subtune doodabag Unbelievable To need the hell Is this Neil Rogers working the phone now you want sir? How fast again? Do you have a dial phone? I know I had to put it to the operator Well let's Let's look into that Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKB W last night somebody asked him Did you hear what he's been saying about you? I'm so jealous and anymore he's a daughter-in-law man The claims is only 40 yeah, Ryan doing the true in two Or she said a your pathetic And if you think he's bad now wait for he had you oh Boy, okay, let me come back maybe the egg will come out of this shell Bye, hope not Okay, do you get it pal? I sure hope so because we're not planning it again till next year There we go, I love it Instead of the old much too fast we have the new very appropriately slow So we're never gonna have an open line in bra or again. That's more their speed now we're catching on took a few years 21 till noon at Wild Oh, man am I sick it was a good sick though It was I felt so good coming in here this morning the hockey thing and I felt like my ears are open And I felt full of a vinegar and the other stuff And then all this food start like popping up all over the building and Pete DeSimon just came in here and shook my a hand And apologize Yeah, come back in here shake this Pete let's go to a poppin. Oh hello Hello, yes I have three topics for you. They yes hockey harness racing is the new key to race bike. Yeah, what do you think? hockey but put no tool ever have to leave they have their homes for here. Yeah How about harness racing yeah no tax break We're gone I believe a lot of eight while what are you doing are you talking in short-hand or are you This is the same guy that called as Jim Richie the other day. Yeah, yeah, do the same moron you just is boring today as you were the other day Still heartman again We have an open line in Broward five two four so what's the story? How come we haven't had a call? You know, that's the thing that really frost my can When I need somebody from poppin o park to call in on that bat line and let us know what the hell is really? I mean there's an article here all Dursus quote poppin o make clothes and the legislature hasn't done this and we don't have the tax break I mean you know, we're just all sitting here holding the damn racing for a haunted the program Waiting for Jeff Gregory to win another race and I don't think any of us can they're gonna live that long Pembroke pines Neil yes, hey coming home yesterday here about the hockey looking front of me on a bag of a tow truck Wanted to have French Canadian cars. Oh great listen, I put on rich or bait is morning. He's all rained out Yeah, I heard they got some kind of a special on there. What are they doing? They're metal lands parkways underwater and Lloyd Liz the young stuck out and traffic and telling everybody that it's raining and stuff Well, it's an out of sighting yeah and channel four you put on it Don't tell you anything about hockey, but they'll show you that it's raining in New York Well, it's an act great and that it's snowing in Buffalo. Yeah, like that's a bulletin How about Tony Segretto huh? What an asshole man. I am so disgusted with him. He just a self promoting clown Why not look at God you said it have a great day. Okay great day here's a mobile in poppin o Are you doing okay? I went to the hockey game the other night enjoyed to hell out of it. Yeah, you know what the best part was? I don't know if anyone called it told you that in between the second third period They were having spectators come down and shoot the puck in the net. Yeah, and they like the announcer for lack of a better term was Paul Castro noble. Oh, yeah, and He had a resounding round of booth He was a man That's the truth anyone People verified it was great. I love it. It was great. What a puffed up piece of shot he is Yeah, you know Wayne I think is God we should erect a monument to this guy if I can say that by the way You know who's always talking about Paul Castro noble like he's his big buddy in calling him on a year Joey Joey, so what does that tell you losers of a feather flock together? Joey Reynolds. Oh, well, that's yeah, who cares? Yeah, well anyway I just wanted to pass that bit well now you got something to look forward to you got like 80 or what is it 81 games? They play 82 something like that. You got a whole flock load for you Well, you really want to know the truth. I live in Cooper City. I can't wait for them to build that new stadium up by Joe Robby You and me both you and what it would be great be the greatest thing and then I might even become a Heat fan that's right. Oh, I'm afraid of God to heat come with him because you know My amy arenas great, but who do I want to go down there every day right? But I would go to Joe Robby. There's a fact going in that area. It's like kind of like playing Russian roulette with a gun It's got all six bullets. Yeah, you don't have much of a chance. Yeah, thanks Neil have a great weekend. I am an imbosal I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy I believe it looked like an older interview you had less hair than you have today. How do you explain that? I don't wear a wigs sir paint your balls pot. What balls pot? You paint your balls pot? I know you're talking about sir my hair grows. You paint your balls pot. I don't have a bone spot How come you had less hair on the tape? Maybe my hair group maybe I had a bad hair cut that day. You by the way, something Where you care? Paint your balls pot. I don't do you paint your balls pot? Paint your balls pot? Oh, sick Maybe ever smoke pot. You know, I don't have the answer. I used to know it and I don't know it There is there is a formula but I don't know what it is Okay, 12. Well, he's going off the air pretty soon. So I figured we better get as much of the king myster as we can He's gonna be on daytime's but not in this market and not in too many markets boy. He in a dream world, huh? We have an open line by the way. I just mentioned in passing since we do have like 8,000 lines But there is one little blue line in That is not lit at the moment. It's very disconcerting at 5, 2, 4 and I do want to mention at it the home show At the beach convention center. We got our Camille Sounds Wild booth in the main lobby With all our best of tapes and CDs and t-shirts 6 to 10 tonight noon to 10 tomorrow noon to 9 30 Sunday and Monday from 1 to 5 and 6 to 10 in the PM So tonight tomorrow Sunday and most of the day on Monday you can go by the convention center on the beach and make an Ice donation to Camille Sounds and pick up your good stuff, okay? And our 18 T Camille Sounds hotline is a work in now all across the state 1 800 85 2 oh oh oh six we got 55 1,094 and counting and we're doing pretty damn well. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello Yeah, I got an aim for hockey team. I got Miami ice Okay great. We have an open line. Let's leave that turn wrong Kent. Okay. I'm not gonna spend four hours here today. Wait Oh God, I mean, I just I'm at a lack for words for these guys to get on the year and spend an entire show Oh, we got some certificates here. Let's give us a certificate for the best name for the new hockey team and they spend like hours Oh, I mean, that's such exciting radio. It's enough to make me barf on my shoes. Come on Norm God Almighty he's surrounded by nothing but hate and homophobia and venom and psychosis on that station and his best shot And I do mean shot is to come back and oh, let's name the new hockey team. Oh Please Norm go to court and do a job for somebody who needs you Here's a mobile in beautiful Palm Beach Meal what did you have to put in Randy's mouth to make your sound like that? I big your pardon sir You you figure it out That it that's it so help me anybody that calls and suggested name for the hockey team you're gonna be gone so fast That line What Norm can't yeah How that you you don't have enough time on your own radio show Hey, listen, I'll give you a hundred dollars for Camila's house, but don't knock my Florida freeze All this freeze this my God you're on that station over there with all these right wing I've knocked just homophobic asshole geeks sitting around and playing grab ass with each other on a year all day and you're on a Oh, what's it even for the hockey team come on Norm? Hey, sometimes Neil when they're you know when they're crushing you just got to laugh at him and stare in their face and come up with What's up with funny the audience in the morning wants to be walking up to cheer not I got news for you Norm You're an audience ain't never gonna wake up okay because in forest lawn They're not waking up again trust me You got 95 plus all right that the donation to Camila's house just went down in 90 It went up to 110 just for this call. I'm telling you Once just to say something ice about me just one I already said you're the best criminal attorney in the Eastern U.S.A. All right, I'll watch my yeast in U.S.A. You too take care. See you I will say something nice. He's a great attorney and a good guy sometimes But overgrown child I don't want to hear about your rotisserie baseball team. I don't want to hear about your god I mean talk about self promoting about his sports memorabilia and I don't think you can even say bail your orbelia Can you say that? I don't think so Especially if Alex is on the board Let's see once another paid vacation Yeah Alex says I'll go for that. Let's talk about a walking in his this afternoon Ha ha ha ha and get another two week vacation for six seven hundred bucks. How much did you get? Because it's a lot more than George 400 see I told you Tonya. No, no, no, no Can't do the macro wave I am to use the bathroom in the city Care he was reading the sunset He is under where I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be And there was extra crucifix of days for all to see I didn't see He said the show I had come to mold alone But I found Jesus in recovery's joy Yes brother, Reggie. I'm a moment in the day Because by the time I wash my hands I'd wash my hands away now I'll learn to be intolerant on watch the Robertson And although for that you can't even be this run I'll pretend to be a hipster But my liberal days are gone Because I found Jesus in recovery's joy Oh Oh, God okay, Miramar yeah, Neil yes sir I just want to call you to tell you how completely ridiculous I think you're show is how I mean I don't know some of your I guess basically the only reason I've ever listened to this is to hear your Yeah Discussing little you Guys you sound like you're just losing it like you're coming apart of the seams I mean I mean Like today first that you're talking about this isaki thing in South Florida about what isaki? No, we don't call I have to call it isaki okay, we just call it hockey everybody knows it's played on isol Are you kidding us kidding on thing ice right now? Yeah, I mean why would it not you grow up? Okay, if you don't like it nobody's gonna force you to go but don't start here dictating what my show should be and Whether we should like hockey or not go fight a life you asshole God what a stupid punk man now that I've been elected president I just don't have an out time to chase babes and listen to Neil Rogers wanted to our party on day here Are you kidding last month alone? I spent a hundred and eighty bucks on condoms If you're on the babe patrol say sex can be a major budget item That's why you need to feed e7 condom cleaner with dd7 of pair of gloves and safety goggles You'll be able to use your condoms on get an again cutting your monthly bill by 85% Hey, hey look what I found in the parking lot geez Harry what do you want to pick up something like that for? Are you kidding with little dd7? I'll knock half of fuck off my monthly condom bill That's me those safety goggles. Well, yeah, you're still a virgin. Yeah, no dd7 condom cleaner And were you really big guys try new dd13 one 07 a wild or dd4 for the people in this place Let's continue move it along sing and a song when we get in those trans from Tampa they must be really bad this time I like about a point eight See the hurricane month is dropping off this time so there are no excuses if it's really bad it means it's just a Death wish it's hopeless and based that based on one of my gut feelings are about that particular market I think it probably is I don't have a bonespoch this week on MTV's un-tloged Join us for the mellow sounds of mega death You'll hear their biggest hits in our all acoustic format We're getting into violent end die die die That's right this Sunday here the intimate sounds of mega death on MTV's un-plugged or is I saying England up chucking die Media religious Bob Subbers accurate forecast here You stop crazy We're doing it oh we're crawling up there in Tampa man. We just got the numbers Tom Villvita is like changing his underwear right now We're starting to creep up a little bit and the interesting part of it is on the pages I'm looking at FLA had a great trend. They went up and we went up. It's not the same audience I've told you that we're not interested in those old farts who are looking for You know the same old tired crap. That's not what we want. Now let's see 25 to 54 Overall this is the whole day WSUN goes from a one one to a one four mornings went down What does that tell you a point nine to a point six mid days from a one four to a one eight Wait till you hear nighttime afternoon one two to a one two flat night time Randy. I'm gonna tell you something Randy if you don't hit them for some serious money After this trend today you're a wimp and I know you're not night times 25 to 54 from a point nine to a two four The highest number of the day at night and That's that's incredible that's unbelievable Man 18 plus From a one five to a two the whole station of this you went Mid days from a two one to a two five afternoons a one eight to a two three and nighttime from a one four to a two eight Did I tell you I'm gonna say something right now and I hope that Bob green is listing I hope Bob Neil is listing I hope everybody hope boy Gary is listing and I hope the assholes Including Jeff Clark back in sales are listening, okay This garbage about getting the Miami heat on this radio station and all this other garbage in night You've got a goddess on there or not. I'm not just joking about that this broad is great I mean boy Gary stepped into a bucket of shot when he hired her just a greatest thing since sliced bread She's dynamite she's fun. She's caught on she's a hit like in the network remember that he's a hit dammit a big big fat hooter hit And they want to clutter up the night forget about all that sports man. It's a ton of work. It's a it's a loss It's not even a loss leader. It's a loss loser let Q a M have it. Let somebody else have it And stop at all this sports crap make up your mind what you want to be if you want to be the entertainment station And if you want this thing to fly we can just kick smelly gigantic but but stop screwing up the thing with like with his game The night very university into Miami Crowd of less than 2,000 the game is on TV on sunshine and we're carrying it on a radio because we get Blackmailed in order to carry you and football. We got to carry all this other stuff that nobody cares about Randy doesn't have really a show until Monday. She'll be on after the game tonight And that should be like about the 930 10 o'clock for like a brief hour on a quarter I hope during that period of time she takes these numbers Well, I'll be honest with you after examining and finally and pouring through these 10th of numbers It only makes me ask one thing you got a dental floss okay 140 now I'm telling it we're starting to get there a little bit We're starting to eat you know once you start getting up into two this man Then after that comes like trees and fours and even if we never know seriously I see you're left and but if we never go beyond season fourth They're gonna be happy that I'm taking shot over there I'm telling you that right now. They're gonna be dancing because I see and they don't even know what one is And they start to give us a little bit of promotion and I finally talk them into I had to like have a Rubble of hernia to get them to put her on at night and then they don't want to pee or a dime Posts just go through the button and block actually not done through the quantity anymore you ask for Tom And then new GN over there was sounds like a vanilla ghosty on a bad day and comes out of the box for about two hours of it It's to come back in there God on the mighty We are coming when the hell do they ever have a two weeks and two three is in anything Huh? With that damn nose picking craft they had we started like from zero And as I said FLA had a humongous a low-pea ought to be ecstatic and worse that of course He won't be happy until we all disappear and that's not gonna happen just on a spike We're standing on just to make his life miserable and then when Cox goes over there and buys FLA and turns into classical music and shuts his ass off Didn't know really show him a thing or two or when buddy buddy comes over there and buys it and puts he in in headline news on 24 hours today that'll teach him a lesson West pop on the starline deal how you doing how are you great actually four years now while you're really a losing ground I'm really moving yeah Well, I gotta tell you yesterday I had I had a I had a shot a day really a really shot a day Yeah, but my police and I get all about 11 o'clock last night And I turn on the TV and There I see you know Wayne I think the underneath the great me getting a gel sign. Yeah, and I mean that's just I I flipped I hit the world Mm-hmm. I think it's the greatest thing It is best thing it happened to us in Sly spread that's right. I tell you you play something report and that said I haven't heard about 15 years Yeah, I'm a little down here. Yeah, but I could have worn out her since the promocionic Canada No, the theme from hockey night in Canada I mean that The greatest man I get to this bumps every time I hear that I think as a kid of tuning in 740 seven and I see the Ellen Toronto and 830 Here building fostered you let from the goddala maple leaves gardens and I just get loose bumps man Well, it's so like you said one of the best things that ever happened to this town We're gonna put us on a math and you little action going here That's right. I finally I was really considering moving out of here And then yesterday just said no, I think we're gonna say yeah, and we bring back Johnny Bauer man It's gonna turn me around. I want to I want to order to be Bobby or play Bobby or endurance Anderson and Johnny and Frank Mahamilis We're bringing it all man red Kelly and Mark Reoam and men and Ray Oam and Alia Alfred and Tim Horton's bringing the donuts So have a great weekend. Yeah, you too. See you Have some my ham Johnny You should have come in earlier when it was cool and have that green stuff on it was delicious Okay, let's go to uh, so we're out a little bit in Tampa. We're starting to make little inroads over there Johnny Huh? While we didn't a little bit better nothing spectacular Randy kicked just losing acid night 12 plus on this show went from a one four to a one seven and night from a point 60 a one four 12 plus 25 to 54 and we're starting to do some number over there. How do you like that? Like in the midday from a one four to a one eight and it night from a point nine to a two four Yeah, good lotting this plot, man And that even includes a little bit of that bill and I feel uh, swell Henry So you know that between 8 and 11 she is kicking big big oozing Pustild Donas It's important with so you bet and they don't want to pay her They ought to be they ought to be running over here just weekend with bucket supplies here right in here Here just here take it all man as much as you want honey You are a goddess you are a goddess and you're the savior of WSU and Cox and Enterprises and we will never treat you like the shot again What they want to it? She's still gonna have jump up and not because they're a bunch of cheap pencils. That's all with her 8 billion dollars in there Oh, you know, we know it all you don't know shot man. That's your problem over there If you listen to anybody for once in your lives, I mean make up your mind What you want to be instead of this here and there and all over the game place Make up the way you remind what you want to be in doing instead of this all let's get the heat from QA inch We can screw up Randy some more and like a you know, let QAM have that garbage And be an entertainment station stop trying to be like this full service crap like they were doing 20 years ago That was a bomb man and it's a bomb now if you try to do that you can't animate your mark and be all things to all people man ridiculous Conor first ready this and the people they got there he goes again I'm telling you these are the most frustrating people in the world of the world for because you can't move them You can't shake them you can move them and the faces change and they smile and they know their heads and they still do a bunch of crap North Miami Wait a minute hold on a second, okay Now Johnny's Arcus here a radio maven Not really I suggested this morning the greatest move in history how one of five is coming up Howard Stern morning drive on how one of five he will imagine what this company could do in this market and None of the Fanaticals certain individuals could attack Howard because he me on Cox broadcasting You know I'm saying and so they couldn't mess with his show and with the content we should have it made an Assured how it in the morning on FM on how one of five we'd be close to them We'd be doing our thing over here this company would like home this market oh See we want to put up a half a million dollars your raw or oh God Go actually want to have to pay somebody of course they probably built like three million dollars on it I can finish the I think you'll 17 million a year in the morning on the K-rock But all we don't want to do that any way Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to correct that shot head and coding with the other definition of Sean Kind of a bud You know I've been in a much in rain for 10 years and this is guys like this there shouldn't be a lot on the water really Because shot is an anchor check and it's nothing to do with toilet In our these guys this should be on there on this boat with that Canadian license Flight to see the yes, I can drive with that bridge tender. Yeah, yeah There's the man I want to see right now. I watch whether you're right now about green No, I have a nice day, sir. I want to spend in here right now is a good guy He's a great guy, but I I watched some action. I want Howard on how 105 I want the I want the triple that cart that Colby here. I want some copy and this thing. I want I'm gonna be like Mark Clayton I I I I me me me me me me me That's not kosher by the way. That's not kosher. Oh, you're going to hell now You're already going to work for this company and you to hire David Paul. So that's locked it in So we made a non-gen you hear what I suggested but you won't do it But they won't do it. They won't do it. They won't do it Not Neil won't do it because it costs money, okay? And the notion that spending money to make money is like saying a shot in this company man You just can't even say that they start like hyperventilating up there and start bottling their Beans or something I Excuse that for violin music Why to buy a for a lane for I 629 24 hours a day. I think that's coming next watch out. Oh, please work coming We made a little in road up there, huh? And how do you like Randy making some real serious in road And we don't want to heat at night. I'm telling you I'm begging you I want you to make a commitment to us right now right in this room that we will not carry the mommy He did night on Wild that if we do have a little tape and play the three in the morning or something No seriously don't mess with success give her a chance give her a shot In fact that's what they're given right now. He shot that's what they're given a big one I'm telling you we've got a goddess there. She's gonna do like eight cents a night and it's there It's there to be done. I remember those golden glory days if I can say that it's been doing 10 and 11 shares a night the audience is out there Living in breathing once he's got the ones I had were like over the edge of a hundred release they were out there Yeah, I can call a hockey game. I'll do the hockey right now. That's another thing. I'm doing a hockey game Okay, I've done hockey. I know hockey and believe me. You ain't no goal once 40 now you ain't no Johnny Bauer once 49 And one of my talking about I'm hyper ventilating for most damn cookies I ate in my four hours What I'm still psychotic God they were good But I've been my spin and like a dravel in here all day from that food and that's another thing keep the food out of here Tell us sales is probably to cut the crap that she's take the whole thing man Taking for the party tonight. It'll be good and right by that time 149 at W. I was in and the moving up rapidly W. I she went You know I'm looking at this microphone and this is sounding different. It's like split white open Look at that Remember that record by Rick Nelson my bucket's got a hole in it We got a new one my might's got a hole in it man of big one and my might too look at that Look at that he ever seen like this place of course the fact that I dropped it on the floor a couple of times That might have something to do with it This engineering department man. I wouldn't wish them on Hitler 154 and let's do North Miami Beach alone Yeah, sir. How you doing? I have a number for you for the season tickets for the cell-fought I'm on 15 How can that be? And the paper and the hurl are you serial? I'm sorry. They missed on season tickets when we don't even know what you were starting while they're taking They're taking the name and number and they may have done the information. Okay. Let me have the number. It's say three two 3,000 832 3000 huh, that's indeed No, it's a brown number. I think it's been brown. Yeah, I had to dial one three of us 832 3000 I must thank you pile no problem. Yeah, I will be there man with the bells on I'm gonna buy like four season tickets. I'm gonna be the number one cheerleader I'm gonna be the Zulfane Denny of the hockey team. How do you like that? All not that much? Here's a lady in poker hello