The new stock radio 610WIOD presents the Neal Rogers Show to talk with Neal dial 751WIOD from the 305 Area Code toll-free 1-800-944WIOD and Bellsouth mobility customers make it a free call by Dileg Star, IOD. Now, the Neal Rogers Show on new stock radio 610WIOD. I'd like to say sorry about that American story. About me, about you. About the way our American hearts be weighed down in the bottom of our chest. About that special feeling we get in the cockles bottles. Maybe older partners, maybe in the subcont�ed area, maybe in the liver, maybe in the kidneys, maybe even in the colon. We don't know. But I'm just too regular joke with a regular job. I'm your average wife, superb and I'm slow. I like football and torn-out, books about school. I got an average house where the nice start would fall. My wife and my job, my kids and my car, up to the dumbest table. And I can do this a go. But sometimes it's just kinda look to keep a man like me. I don't know it. I don't know how to go out and have fun. It's someone else's experience. Whoa yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. I drive really slow in the ultra fast lane. Well people behind me are going to say I'm gonna do you. You're the only you. I wanna do you. But you're so good. I use public toilets and I'm the seat. I walk around in the summer times saying I'm about to steal. I'm gonna do you. But sometimes I'm in the alley gap spaces. Well and the gaps people who make any gaps with faces. I'm gonna do you. I'm gonna do you. But I don't know you. Maybe I should be singing this song. Friends together ain't we gotta carry on. Baby they're right for they tell me I'm wrong. Now I wanna sing you. You're the only you. Come on, let's go. You know what I'm gonna do? I wanna get myself a 1967 channel at Gilder Auto Conservable. I think with a whale in the hot pot dance. It all let her cow in the area and think round baby steal. I'm gonna go around in that baby. I'm gonna get one mile for Gilder. It's like a 940 ton of sheep burgers in my town. The old fast and not buying a great of a star of young containers. And when I'm done sucking down those three small burgers. I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag. And then I'm gonna toss the star of young containers right off the side. And try to catch them. And then I'm gonna do a lot of get alive. Because we got to bomb that swath. Two words. You'll clear. And weapons of gay Russia. Germany's a real man here. They can have all the democracy they want. They can have a big democracy they can take walkpoint for the middle. They can have in square. And it won't make a lick of difference because we ain't got to bomb. So guys, John Wayne's now getting to heat frozen. And it's really fine to cure for cancer. We're gonna throw out the zoos. And he's gonna be pretty pissed off. You know why? I'm doing a take in a cold shower. We'll multiply that by 15 million times. That's how pissed off the goose come up here. I'm gonna get the zoos. You can join me at the wedding. And we'll make this a take in the morning. And it takes a little bit. And try to do a take thing. You know who really are now. I just got up to sing the song, pal. Come on, Ed. Go. You know who you are. You know who you are. Come on, Ed. Go. Go. Go. Go. Hey. S.S. S.O. L.T. Everybody. S.S. S.O. L.T. S.O.T. L.T. S.O.T. L.T. L.T. L.T. S.O.T. L.T. L.T. S.O.T. I'm an asshole. And I'm proud of this. Hey, man. 10 after noon. And the things have really thinned out to a precious few. And you know when it started? Clyde. Clyde in Cape Coral. Not only are you chronic, but you have just decimated this show today. You've devastated us. And the only reason I left him on so long is because I thought he was going to need help. I thought he was going to need like actual physical assistance in being carried away before the end of the call. And it turns out to be just another goddamn chronic. They're all over the state. They're all over America from coast to coast. And the reason they're out there is because assholes like Steve Gilbert and Mark Larson. And all these others. They don't care as long as they can get like a living voice on the other end of the phone. They don't give a crap. Well, here we go. Here's another easy 15 minutes. Let's put what's his name from Newpville from Newport, Richie on. Let's put Clyde from Cape Coral on for 10 15 20 minutes and half an hour. Oh, God. So anyway, we've got a lot of open lines. So I guess we could play a bunch of bits and stuff. And so we don't know what's happening on Thursday. Although we do know the next Tuesday, we had the big bosses coming in man Nick Trigoni and Bob Neal are coming in from Atlanta to Neal on this. Palm Beach on the Sterline. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Happy holidays. And happy New Year to you sir. Listen, I'm really getting ahead a little on what your bosses are like. Yes. It seems to me you begin the program most often with an announcement that the opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of management. Yes. Okay. Well, you're in college. And they don't support that. What college that mean? Well, it means that you're favor tolerance. They don't support that opinion. Sir, have a nice life. Terminal, pseudo intellectual, call up Ed Till and talk about syntax. Okay, I'm going to give a one more shot and then I'm going to assume that for the holidays and for whatever other reasons that we're done here, are they okay? And we'll just play a lot of exciting stuff like that. Two upper lines in day 7 5 1 2 and Broward 5 2 4 1 in Tampa St. Pete Queer Water, Crook Screw 1 800 9 4 4 2 of now on the out of town line. I'll tell you one thing. This today is about as much fun as taking like, real pads and to do it a number on your naval with it. Although it is something to think about. Twelve minutes after knowing on the IOD network. Catch the latest news from the 6 10 W I O D new center each hour. Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast. Tell me, Randall sucked in the forties and he still sucks in the 90s. First there was disco. There was dirty dancing. There's lamb butter me. The brainless. Lamb butter me. Shake your booty till your brains fall out. Lamb butter me. And being performed at an operating theater near you. Lantana. Gone. Hello. Long gone. Probably expired in Lantana. We have an open line in Broward 5 2 4 1 in day 7 5 1 and one on the A Tampa St. Pete. This is it. Last call for WSUN man before we shut this switch off. I mean those people are so uninvolved and as much as I might pick on four Myers. They've been on for like what for two and a half weeks. Something like that. And they're like even with Clyde who we don't ever want to hear from again. Even a little phony attempt at being involved. That line. George. Who's this? That was George. What do you want Dan? We're on the air, Dan. I need to speak to George. You can't speak to George. What do you want? What do you want Dan? Can I speak to George? About what? What about he said he's busy tonight? You're not calling after two. For what? Thank you so much, Nick. For what? I need to speak. What do you mean what about? What do you need to avoid? Some client desk if you can't talk about it on the air then you shouldn't be talking to him at all. What does you want to talk to him about? You still work here? As far as I know. Did they blow you out? No, you haven't taken care of that yet. If they put in that black face on yet? Huh? May I speak to George? What are you getting so sore about? Boy, you are the moodiest bastard ever in all of my life. No, I'm not. No wonder that guy beat you up all the time. Dan? Hold on. Okay, talk to Dan and see what the hell he wants. He sounds like he's in a real bitchy mood. We have an open line in date, 751 and one in Broward, five to two for that was the best call of the day. And it was supposed to be on the air that was the best call of the century. North Miami, hello. I know you get those see the movie a few good men? No. Oh man. Wake up and smell Michael Honehman. We have an open line two of them in date, 751 and one in Broward, 5249463 and let's do a Papino B. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. I just wanted to tell you when your strength is that you're at least willing to listen to opposing points of view and discuss them intelligently. About what? About almost anything I've ever listened to. I lived in South Florida from 59 to 89. How do you press it? Yeah. Bird you in West Palm and I now live in Columbus, Ohio, which is quite depressing also down here visiting for the holidays. The reason I'm calling though is that although you're willing to discuss the issues without any questions. I don't discuss issues that we don't do issues. I don't know what you're talking about. We don't discuss issues. You're going to point to view that up for a while. I get it too. I guess we could say they're the way you look at life and I think you do it well. I have the stations looking to cut money. I would say it started with Jim Mandage because this is a guy any time I called in back in the late. So I want to tell you something right now. Okay. I like Jim Mandage. We have two open lines in dates. See and I'm not willing to listen to that crap. Don't start like with the let's see. He's trying to set me up again. Here's another one of these little psychoanalysts who wants to set me up. Oh, I know you're willing to listen to all points of view. Bam and he goes on to want to rip Jim Mandage. Okay. So we did go to Michigan. So we did smoke a few many trees. Okay. That's his problem. I like Jim Mandage. And I'm not going to sit here and listen to you debase and degrade one of the few decent remaining people we have on a staff here. They're blowing out the whole goddamn station. And what do you want to do? This guy probably works for packs and enterprises or something. He probably is an O-Job provocateur from QAM. He probably Joe Rose's boyfriend. I don't know who he is. But get out of our face and go back to Columbus. Hey, get on the center of the Maria and the thing there. The nint of the penta and the scint of marinta. Get on all three ships. Stick your ass on there. Get out of my face. Disgusting obnoxious. It's all he wanted to do is call up and repair anybody else on the station. Okay. It's all he know how to do. I said yesterday I would not take another one of those calls and I won't. I will never listen to another one of those calls unless you're attacking Reneri. Boy, this really sucks today. You know, your priorities out there. It's wonderful. It's really great. Oh, let's go to the malls now. It's the after holiday sales. And let's go out and deck the halls with rolls of Holly and all this other stuff. Let's do it. But in the meantime, what about us? I want my cigarettes this ratchet. I'm going to do a chesward. Get the staff meeting on Monday. I am going to do a chesward. Get the staff meeting right out there in the back. We're going to have the whole staff out there. Two o'clock. And I'm going to just go spastic. I want to mention. I want to. I want my problem. I want my problem. Oh, biblical. What is wrong? popped up. called sweats about this business because we have to not only work for a bunch of assholes but we also have to come in and bake and our whole lives are dependent upon the whims of the public are they gonna play today as the Joe name is would say are they going to play today I don't know but they're sure not playing much today they blow today god I can't stand this yeah let's see some motion on that thing illegal or otherwise that's good out that whistle and give it a tooth there's one we're gonna date two of them still and bro come on let's get broward going let's animate those bastards let's pump some oxygen to these dead people and broward come on you can do it I know you can do it get on your hands and he's a quarter that god damn phone and reach over and drag the cord right off the table there right off the foot stool and stick your finger in that thing and find out if you're a libert not there you go look at that phone bunch of lazy sick back at take take take don't take let's give today let's give it's holiday time and it's new years let's give back needle a little something for putting up with these assholes and that building that he works for for last four years let's at least show a little bit of support here all or otherwise let's get into it let's do it so what a damn one George what a go out with my sister it's 1223 on the iod network join us this afternoon beginning into for those wild and crazy guys written thoughts and it's six it's sports dog six to tell you I am for all that josee suck on double you I O Day and he's gonna suck on double you two way and oh I like that in stereo 1227 we have ninety two thousand three hundred and fifty two big oozing dripping dollars for Camillo's house this year we're just a little over a month ago so to get a get with it that's another thing that most of you won't do I mean we're doing very well but again thanks to a small number a relatively small number of generous people and the majority of the people are all in that great look what he's doing what the hell are you doing what are you doing he asks plantation hello hello yes Neil yes sir your mother what are you ever we have two open lines in Broward five two four nine four six three they use pan grab as again he's got that thing strapped to his an either's time let's go to North Miami Beach hello hello Neil yes sir I called you last Thursday gave that 800 number for the harvest the mid-hour moments here yeah I got the catalog yesterday just a moment Broward is still that that's the best we can do hang on a second a W i o d hello W i o d what is this a crank no you sure yeah I think you're a crank was that I said I think you're a crank call now I just could just turn turn it on and put the I don't know just dial the number I really have nothing to get out of here then I put a both on hold a little title lines up now what is it oh that's not you what is it now yeah Neil yeah the harvest the catalog yeah I don't know order anything from the catalog I called them Friday and they're going to send you a variety pack just to depreciation for the flood of calls that they got Thursday really yeah they're getting calls that I'm not how do you like that archer Daniel's middle in fact I'm going to bring the catalog into tomorrow well they are it looks like really good stuff I look and you're an aim and address the station they're sending you a variety packs you can see what it's well thank you so much in the unicorn came by today with my champion juicer and like tons of beautiful produce and the alca partridge and a pair of tree what a day yeah well just want to get to know that it's coming there so it doesn't get diverted once it gets to the station so they got a lot of calls huh they sure did's for it they said they had seven operators tied up for a couple of hours get out of here that's what they she told me come on in fact you were so happy that you sending me some free things all right I made out pretty good nice scam pal really thanks a pile you're well have a great bite well now you talking huh might as well free load a bunch of stuff because I can see we're going to be out of here pretty soon podcast your novel mid days at Wild at till morning 6 to 10 or they're going to have like 6 to 9 and then the podcast your novel warma power here is for myers on nine hello good morning afternoon good evening to you sir whatever tall ships it's me listen I just need some advice yeah let me let me clear a couple of these broward lines here is minute okay go ahead I'm going to be in Fort Waterdale in mid-general let me give you some advice right off the bat forget it just forget it what do you want to go there for well I I really I actually I didn't want to get into a conversation on why I work in an industry that could not have conventions and say Vegas or Hawaii now we go to Fort Waterdale and by the way Dan you got some nerve hitting up on George go ahead but what what what anything I'm going to try to you know smooth some people over there and I'm looking for a good restaurant to what do you have any recommendation what kind of restaurant just something nice last last year when I was in Tampa I took them to Burns just to give you an example yeah something along that line that'd be sort of a bit of an event how about an Italian restaurant the what let me say it again how about Italian restaurant I know I can't really tell you how about latha vernetta in tamaract that's not far from for waterdale it's just west of university drive okay what's the name of that again latha vernetta okay in tamaract in tamaract great great the title and food on of 82 55 west McNabro just west of university about the three quarters of a mile great great great that's that's a good recommendation there you go no I we don't want to flounder because they don't have a lot really easy they don't have a here for mine right you can hope you enjoyed paland don't stay too long you're regretted I sure well listen just just in passing and I don't want to linger on this too long uh Clyde is actual name is Carl and he is drurly uh chronic and you know that he had the balls to call George back twice off the year after we said goodbye to him after a terminal 25 minute call it seemed that long and he doesn't understand that we don't talk to chronic some estate he's been so uh brainwashed and so involved with that crap that the typical traditional crap that Steve Gilbert and that crew do over there he doesn't understand or a station that doesn't want to talk to the same five people every day we don't want to talk to you Clyde or whatever your name is go find a life he is poison god have a great day see you see it takes us a while because uh we got to feel the lay of the land okay we're gonna set up a remote studio though in corkscrew and we're gonna be monitoring all you assholes over there so just keep your uh thing uh is locked up tight here's Orlando and you know how you do it the city not the caller pretty good who's on Richard Bader and how he's talking about it now is he had some old 900 year old the bitch on there I dragged dressed up like tarzan I don't know what it was about yeah I feel how it's turned so did you still watch it well one how it's turned TV show never cared for how it's TV show are you doing like it is my just a Richard Bay it's awesome yeah Richard Bay is awesome well he's not awesome just some of the people he's got on naked or awesome yeah some of those girls run around there tops off there you go it's all right but how about this he they want a game yeah how about the heat right they're doing it there's they're flaming yeah all right buddy have a great day pal see a call us again sometime when you have some more elucidating stuff to share not open line in Orlando let's go in Orlando let's go let's get this state going man let's just be the pipe pipeer and run up and down the highways and the buyers wake up and live wake up make a sound put your dentures back in take a blackberry edema man do something god get with it every day I feel like the the guy in the circus what's the what do they call it guy has the chair in the whip the barker bob barker the chair in the whip man here I thought he liked animals the ringmaster the master beast or something like that now what they call him okay let's go to West Palm on the starline hello no yes sir how you doing pretty good I got a question I'm in here in this advertisement for I guess the pre-range bowl uh how's the right I don't know anything about what is a prayer breakfast if you heard that it means that when uh the other team plays us they have a gut of prayer do you want me I can't believe I mean as they're gonna some big little locks and a goeisha prayer breakfast uh I just can't understand this I don't know we need a lot more religion and football tell you that and another thing next year is the year I'm starting a big campaign to get all those get skis off the field before the football game that is so on american and so absolutely outrageous and so insensitive and so full of crap and the people just stand there like okay we gotta do this all right yeah like it's paid thirty bucks to get in there we gotta put up with a goddamn religious ceremony we call football game it is true that we do have the prey for a doll and go in they say in china sir garnish tough and it don't help listen if I thought we might score a few points even I'd kneel down there and yeah because that's I mean like anything a fc is possible as far as football because they all thought right you're right I mean you know the they're equal opportunity suckers man in the a fc you're absolutely correct about it and if I didn't get hot it's gonna go right to the Super Bowl yeah you're right you got it and then they're gonna get the crappy and say that yeah I'm sorry they played terrible like a shot right shot for the first three quarters when you think about it was seven six to the end of the third quarter correct and then the defense on the alliance that all right let's come on to have a little fun right and then he was people stayed out there and I'm on soon at least we could do his let him do a little bit all right and a couple of his fish bag requests my brother Darren and my father herbs they're out there busted him say busted him today and uh I hope they have a good day and you too thank you. Hoping on the storyline so he said they play like shot what's wrong with that he's absolutely right on top of it and we have uh it'll put line on the storyline now who's that bat line hello how come when I answered the bat line and nobody picks it up what is the reason for that is that Dan again probably Dan again what what you want to talk to him talk to him Tony Allen from uh WWCN well what just happened I punched it up and then I went into limbo again maybe I put it on hold Tony Allen hi how are you Neil what down do you want I just called it talk to uh to uh George and he's my talk to me but this is right straight through you about what I was just gonna talk about why that called in earlier oh please tell us right on the air Tony that's why we do things right here we don't like to have any secrets from the audience we like to just bear it for everyone so he's a nice guy that that uh probably needs a little bit of help and he calls the CQ all the time does he and I was just gonna you know explain to well maybe he can move in with Steve Gilbert it would be perfect I think it'd be wonderful you can put Steve in a cage he's uh he's sixty some years old and he lives for talk radio and I was just gonna you know share that with uh with George before he don't live as we don't live with us I got news for it Tony we don't play that game we don't do no chronics okay no chance I don't know how to the same place that bill from new poor richy goes so how are things gone Tony we appreciate all the incredible I mean what you've done for us so we could never repay you at these big prices well we yeah we played the best of Neil and Christmas day I guess we got about 50 calls yesterday complaining about it good but that was wonderful we were very happy about it but how come they don't call see unlike the tamper same Pete people the Ford Meyer I don't think we've had one that I can think of from your audience to complain on the air no how one they'd like to call and complain to me we love it okay everybody hates us like poised in four miars and in corkscrew called Tony Allen and Rip of an ass well they're doing it now good yeah I'm gonna come see you next week are you yeah great bring a lot of money Tony okay what is that what is that are we back at that crap again listen that I love it that's the new effect we just something new and exciting is happening inside of our phone hey I feel like all of a sudden I got the civil and thound 1238 on the IOD network now how do we get rid of that what do we do what am I doing here George what do we do how do we get rid of it don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news information trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here 1241 so Adam gets to go on the sugarball trip party like that and he just told me about the sleeping arrangements on the trip did you know that Adam was roaming with sunny on a road road trip 1241 and let's go to Miami hello hey Neil how are you doing pretty good down here from the off little vacation yes thanks from relatives well that's great and I found three things on here that I enjoyed the weather yeah you yes in the girl like you have on the show Randy Randy is dynamite she's a goddess outside of street things nothing there is nothing you're absolutely right this is a wasteland this is a can be the other night yeah what a great place to put up in arena yeah what a nice location right man beautiful what we like to make these challenging for you we don't like to make it too easy that's true what the colder and you got to give us credit for one thing made pack the arena and they're packing something else no doubt on their way you went to colder yeah oh no what do you sound depressed oh god it makes me go get a look like a forest lawn man it's an outdoor cemetery you're right to graveyard but at least the weather's nice right and then everything that old axiom you can't have everything is absolutely right we got the weather and that's all we got we have nothing else believe me and I'm the only one on this stuff to admit that this state blows pal and don't ever forget but I do enjoy your show and enjoy the weather have a great new year bye bye well there's a guy's honest and I hope he takes the word back to New York with him and this is not a knock on New Yorkers because there are a lot of nice New Yorkers there are a lot of obnoxious pushy stereotypical New Yorkers like any other group of people because there are a lot of new millions of them but take the word back Tom don't come down here and also while you're at it past the word up to Montreal and Tom's Quebec and tell us smelly old rotting French Canadians we don't want them here either ever again please don't let them back ever here's North Miami hello what's up Neil yes sir I'm pissed man what's all this crafted uh few minutes ago you were all psyched up I'll have you what's going on you're losing it here what are you talking about? a few minutes ago you were going off on the world you were like what subfloor to get on the line I'm pissed you want to go off and they did and they did the lines I know how to get these people off the rest don't you understand where we are if I just came in here every day and everything was wonderful you'd never ever get a call you've got a scream you've got a jump you've got a carry on you've got to have a metal a hernia to get these people to motivate them don't you understand it you got me up man oh good it's about time damn it I got the flu I'm sitting here and I said I'm on the outside screw this way wake up exactly who should we pick on let's just pick on all of them until they bleed man amen I'm happy to hear your meal and the same deal damn it later have a good one do it too bye we have an open line in day well I just I feel good I do I feel good I got off that meat in that dairy and all that other garbage I was eating and by the way I don't want to sound sirly and again I want to thank Terry and Ron and the people from the unicorn village I'm going to need them desperately in this endeavor to grow you know be our healthy person after you reach the age of 50 you realize there ain't that much time left baby when you get to be an old old aging crusty crappy old bag like me you don't have that much time left sir you know you run around reaching out and grabbing for the gusto or whatever else you can grab for oh how it makes me feel fine so anyway and they bring in this beautiful juicer at a big thing of carrots and big juice apples and vegetables and celery I mean I'm going to go home and just have a party with that thing and the juicer too so what the hell was I talking about I don't know anyway here's a mobile in my amy hello yeah sir hey my name is Steve I'm one of your neighbors from plantation yes Steve come on home from the heat game last night I got the list of the Randy yes and also the news I got to hear that one of our actually some tourists got the welcome to my amy last night by the arena oh really I'd like to you know my amy is doing a wonderful job thanks for putting out a arena such a nice neighborhood oh yeah and well I wanted to be great you know Wayne has then goes the savior of our entire community you do understand that oh yeah and not only did he bring us a baseball team and our hockey team but I'm sure that if we continue to buy a lot of tapes and blockbuster and say nice things about them that he's going to build us that beautiful bigger arena up right next to Jorabi Stadium that we can drive right off the turnpike right in there and we can have the heat and the hockey team in there we don't have to go back down and uh risk our lives again exactly why would anyone from Europe want to come to my amy I don't know that's an excellent question we do have a European tourist and they come here and they wander around and they enjoy the I guess only because of the weather because in Europe man especially uh in Scandinavia and in well almost all of Europe even in north and Italy at this time of the year it's brutal man it's bitter and it's nasty and it's crappy and it's coming to enjoy the weather and they see that it's basically a vacuum and they go back home and have a good time. Well you have to put a billboard by the arena to come to Miami you'd like a native. Yeah that's all in the house a good one. Have a great day Steve. All right happy new year. Okay damn it. Oh why do I expect so much? See that is my problem and you know nobody commented about that at all I'm looking for a little psychoanalyzation here a little help from the audience it's close to New Year. I'm trying to get my mind into the into the proper frame there like I said there are two of the two things the thing with the food and the diet I got that licked. Yeah but uh as far as the other part with this place and with this uh man and the the whole operation here that required and maybe there is no answer or there just no answer maybe I'm just not cut out of the right material to come in and just fake my way through life the rest of my life. Uga Buga. 1247 on the IOD network. Chuck Meier. Joey Reynolds, Tom Hopkins, Jimmandich and Randy Rhodes each weekend right here. What are you shaking your head no for? Oh I thought you were saying like don't come back that you screwed up the car to something I don't know what you're talking about he's sitting in there shaking it. 1250 we have maybe that's because Dan called earlier we have an open line in date 751 leave my cozy alone at I'm God are you out of control today just go find some of them in a pre late. Ford Meier is hello. For Meier's? Drongo. Yes. No hey no I'm not just calling to let you know uh I just started listening to you show about a week ago. Yes sir. Just moved down here from New York. Really? And moved to Fort Meier's from New York? Yeah well I got to make a living you know. Oh God. Joey I'm like it or not. I'm calling to a couple things first of all about the dolphins. I think it was a pathetic game um I'm glad they won though. It would be pretty embarrassing to do some like the Patriots. Right to a 2113 team correct with their fourth string quarterback but we don't want to talk about that. But I'm a Buffalo fan because I'm New York and I am well hey listen you had some good games this year and now it's all over and just roll but lay back and enjoy it. Right um nothing I wanted to ask you about uh is there anywhere where I can get any meal right just show like a T-shirt or something. Yes there is. Yeah. Can you give me the address? I'll give you the phone number I'd be like that you got a visa or marriage to card? Uh no. No. I don't. Well you can write a check you got a check book. That I do have. Okay just send to a Camilla sauce make the check out C.A.A.A.A.A. U.S. $20 and two bucks for a postage and handling $22. Okay. And mail a W.I.O.D. Miami 33141. Okay. And just to put a note in there you want the uh uh meal t-shirt. Okay great. Okay okay one more question. Yes sir. Um I hear Andrew Dice say a lot on your show. No. A little bit in pieces. Yeah. What happened then did he fall up the face of the earth? No fact he's going to be doing a an appearance here I think in March and town over here. Oh is he? Yeah he's still doing it. Oh great I'll have to come over for that. Oh have a great new year pal. Okay thanks now. See you. Open line and uh wherever that is. So it'll open line and L. Joe Bean and it's a good thing they called about corkscrew because I take it personally you know how sensitive I am. If we went the whole four hours with it a call from corkscrew we haven't had any calls from emokali you know something I'm beginning to wonder if any of these stations are really on here this is all a big put on. Is there are there any Indians listening in emokali? Come on let's get with it man let's pass the piece pipe around and smoke it. I'm serious they were smokein the weed in the clubhouse last night at Pomp and O Park. We couldn't figure out just exactly where it was coming from although Alan did look a little bit uh shot hide. Boca. Neil the ring master. Yes. What's going on sir? Got my whips and chains out sir we're gonna do it. Beautiful gonna whiff this audience into shape. We're gonna start working on a management team here. Just beat the crap out of them. Listen you happen to see the sun setting all today. I every day. Okay did you see on uh in the yeah right uh you see in the lifestyle section it says W.I.D. radio will accelerate it's phasing out of sports on the station. What the hell is that mean? No that was an I mentioned at earlier there was it no another one at times. It was stupid predictions and I'm gonna say it again. It's not true even though we hope it was true so we would have to carry these in sippet basketball games like we have the one tonight to UM game. Uh they got a three years to go on at hurricane contracts so I don't have no idea what he's talking about. Right and either does time. Hey there damn knucklehead. Well he's just another QAM fluck him. I mean all his buddies are over there cappelin and goldburg and all his buddies are at QAM so he's he's kind of like the Sun Sentinel's answer to Barry Jackson from the air. I think a groupy well that's all I need to know. Have a great life. You too and good old years. Two open lines know what open line and date county come on you can do what I'm telling you man you can just make us feel like we're watered like we're useful like we're human like we're alive again like we're uh something shot at the 7519463. It's rough it's really rough because now everybody you thought before the holidays was bad. Now between Christmas and New Year it is hopeless, hopeless. I go over to Brant's Martia today in the saw grass and I am telling you and I was highly motivated because there were some three things I wanted to get and I'm tickled at that that I didn't see it goes to show you every once in a while you get lucky. But uh you couldn't get near that place and people are coming out of that building, slept and stuff and grab and stuff and uh playing grab as you couldn't get a parking space within 85 miles of that joint all these old people are out there with their walkers and uh oh god it was great. So sorry Harlan see in a couple of weeks plantation hello. Let's go to a four-laternal. Oh yeah this Quirtalk. Yeah this is the Quirtalk. Let's go to that and these are the Brouard calls okay these are our buddies in Brouard. Happy New Year. Let's do a port one. Port Tampa. I just got back in the town now. What do you mean just got back with you? We just got through talking. You five minutes ago. A big part. Seems like it. No it was not port 8th Galaxly. No it didn't ski in up a mountain out of town. No. Saw mom and first thing she asked me when I got out the point she said look that colon you wearing. I said I'm not wearing any colon and I couldn't think about it as that I must be been seen from from the Gilleau Air Force Bay. I said it's in all the water so you can smell it and the toilet when you take a shower you can smell it and it said yeah I'll be coming down with something weird about two months. It's something to tell you something about this girl again. She actually left me a note. I'm not luck girl. I was the girl. Remember I bought it in the shoes and then I had I thought it would be cute to give her a bro-up sack and a portable sewing machine and like make her on dress because she never would go out with me. I mean this girl is the guy. Do you remember this George? Because I evidently I was so terminated. Wasn't listening to the call. I remember you're called but I wasn't listening to the lessons of the call. I had bought her a most of it in reading the funny papers or something with Marlon Brando. Oh well I had a I don't know. I don't repeat the whole thing. I mean please whatever you do. Okay I can real quick I'm portable sewing machine and a bro-up sack because she said she didn't have a dress after I had bought her shoes. Okay this is like a period of two weeks. I didn't want to see chronic to her like apparently I'm seeming cute but anyway. So what she does is instead of taking it as an info she says I'll have to find a pattern. Anyway. Do you think about the material? Yeah that was cute. But anyway now oh by the way do you know what the term crackers came from? I found this out this morning. I can hardly wait. Well it dates back to the early 1700s when the guys would bring the cows out of the middle of Florida where they would raise them onto the boats and the guys that cracked the ribs for the always S&M freaks out there. There's what they call the crackers and those are people that set up the rest and film that's the way you're. Yeah. And by the way Neil Randy Rose Rick and slides your all set in the form at the pattern the pace but your management. Oh man that's a gastric corned copian nightmare. I don't know what you're going to do about it. That is a bunch of shot. Yeah a nice day Neil happy new year. Happy new year to you sir and to have a great life. And don't ever call with that story again about the dress. We have an open line in Tampa 1-800-944 and still to and brow her but I'm not I did my thing you know I puked my guts and what we got out of brow art wasn't worth I wouldn't put it in a cesspool so we're not going to waste our time with him okay it'll just be us just the rest of us guys okay for buyers. Hello yes sir. Good afternoon Neil. Yes sir. Oh even though you probably don't believe it after talking to Clyde there are some I loose the people over here. Really? Yeah. Well what is that going to start? Oh there's a few and far between but if I be once in a while you know we might have a meeting. Is Clyde like the epitome of what goes on the year in that market on talk shows? Well he's a he's in Cape Coral and Cape Coral spent most of their time trying to succeed from Lee County. Yeah trying to find their colostomy bed. Yeah well I want to tell you a little bit about the area over here in one minute. Okay yeah well if you're looking for call from a sterile island don't say sterile because they don't consider themselves that they're called fortmires beach. Oh excuse me for my is beach. There you go now you might get somebody. I doubt it. How about beneath his brings? Oh I have no idea what's going on. You got a dog tractor. Yeah they do which I'm going to this New Year's Eve. Really? Yeah. Well I'll be there. I'd play a mockling the bell. You won't be able to carry them. They're out there field you know. Yeah. Emoccaly they're all out there picking it. Yep. You can't get out. Right. And corkscrew. Yeah. Now even though this is a little tiny dot on the map corkscrew is important to the state of Florida. Right. Because they have the corkscrew swamp sanctuary out there and it's one of the few places that the endangered woodstock breathe. The endangered one? Woodstock. Woodstock. Woodstock. Well some of the woods they're rolling in the fields in corkscrew. Yeah. Well listen thanks for the geography lesson and have a great New Year. Okay and the shredded search for intelligent life over there okay? It's a kind of heart. Oh it is and the life too. This is South Florida's New's traffic and weather station. Newstalk Radio's 610 Wild by M.E. Fort Lutterdale and the Palm beaches. Here we are at the Petafile. Newstalk Radio's 610 Wild presents the Neal Rogers Show to talk with Neal dial 751 Wild from Day in Broward 524 Wild. Outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944 Wild and Bell South mobility customers making a free call by dialing star IOD. Now the Neal Rogers Show on Newstalk Radio's 610 Wild. If the one to our How about little tribute to Mitch Lewis? He's God. Oh, oh, oh, oh me touch me. You've me I've bus me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. I love you every day, John. Just look straight out the blinds. I think this is my best I get a tight shot of my behind. Oh, oh, oh me touch me. You've me bus me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. Eight times a day. It's just a low ball average. Eight times a day. It's just in low through pay my bell. Who I need your love, John. The twice as sweet for you. I hope you need my love, John. My house payment is you. Oh, oh, oh me touch me. You've me bus me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. Eight times a day. To teach my husband how to know shot, Sherlock. Eight times a day. It's good to see you dead in quail. Love me every day, John. You're always on my side. Make me scream full of angels. Listen, I'll be in jail. Oh, oh, oh me touch me. You've me bus me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. It's just a low ball average. Eight times a day. The amazing little challenge is the fire of Miss Lewis, striking tear in the hearts. Now what does that mean Boston? What does that mean? Has in Boston mass? It's Boston math. I'll be damned. Well, yes. I've a good. I just got here for my little early Christmas pilgrimage. Look at that rave is sitting in a hospital bed on Santa Barbara Starknick. Look at that. Yes, sir. Yeah, just up there for the little little little little bit of Christmas kind of. Yeah, Bobby. And you run it any pilgrims by the chance. Well, if you bite your never guess who's on the lady. What's the cardinal cushion? No, getting very wins play. Dick side. Like us. Ah, no. I guess for the week. Tom, don't like us. Yes, yes, yes. And he's one used to work for KFI, but got his ass fired so they could be derailed gates on here who show has been shortened to an hour soon to be five minutes. And I don't like his is up there auditioning on here on WRKO. No, absolutely. Well, the week and another one that I was listening to yesterday that I didn't know that was up here is consa on WR. He's been there a long time. Well, I didn't know that he was up here. Those were his other. No, terrible. Nice guy horrendous on the. Yeah. Yesterday we went to a traffic. Yeah. Now I'm going back to you. See if I can win back what I lost. I sure hope they fixed that place up a little bit for. Well, they have. Yeah. The last time I was up there at the sign. And that wasn't that long. It was a few months ago the sign from Suffolkdowns was like hanging in the breeze and a place looked like. Look like the end of the world. Look like our tornado would hit the whole thing and just ripped into pieces. But they still have that like like that long long drive way that you're going in. Have you been up to rocking him? No, I haven't. Boy, they built a shopping mall up there that would knock your socks off, right? Right. The Jason to rock and am park. Yeah. Well, right off the expressway. I mean Boston. Open line and browser. Well, it's good that they can call in on the Broward lines. He was no dummy in that amazing that he called on his dime on a Broward line. And thank you people in Broward for not tying up our lines and letting these other desparados find a place to get through. Speaking of the desparado, Johnny Dirk, made a beautiful blonde. Should I be talking about this on here or not? Yes? Oh, I'm serious. He showed me her picture and she looks like a really nice. You can just tell. She looks like a sweetheart. Beautiful young lady. And he's just desperately in love. And I said she wants to have bad eyesight, huh? He said yes. He admitted it. Mobile in Pana, Pine Island? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm probably going to get fired for running this mobile bill up to side, but I got to tell you a couple of things. Yes, sir. On behalf of 30 service personnel from our ass business machines out of Tampa, you have one of all over from WFLA. How about that? How about that? But we got a phone to pick with you. Yes, sir. Let's pick it. Okay. WSUN, which is where we normally pick you up from. Right. Down here in Pine Island and I'm coming through on 770, I guess it is. We normally pick you up on SUN. As she went, it's made a tremendous mistake. They have just taken on an advertising called Lexus of Tampa. Rather than sell them and advertising packages and do it a promo form, they're using their old promo to disdun by none other, but yes, too. David Paul. How about Gardner? And they all they've done is sped up the speed a little bit to try to disguise as voice, but here we're listening to the best video station we've ever heard, the best programming. And we still got a listen to that fact, but Gardner doing the advertisement 15 times a day. Yeah, well, they want to say that you ought to call up and just offer to do a free promo or something for them just to get a stupid voice off of it. But they want to have something aggravating on their for your family. They don't want things to get too good. That's what it is. It's a cox station. Just keep that in mind. A cox broadcast. Right. Listen, have a great new year and a safe trip and a great life. And we'll listen to you all at our meal. And we'll see you. Sound a great view. Open line on the A Watts line man, 1 8 9 4 4 9 4 6 3. It's 1 13 on these soon to be incredibly famous, not IOD network. Coming up tonight today, following sports dog 6. It's the Reddy Roadshow right here. Yeah, we got their time. A mobile in a mockery. Hello. Yes, sir. I thought you might win. There are people in a mockery, which just changed the course. You're going to listen to you. Come on. Course. You actually been there. You've been there. I've been there and gone. What'd you do spend a couple of weeks there? There is no course. There is no town. Yeah, there are no people. There is no oxygen man. There's no nothing. There aren't even any alligators or frogs over there. That's what they got. It's a swamp sanctuary. Yeah, well, we fit in perfect there, man. There are. There is a little quiet over here on the west coast. Right up our alley, alligator. I live in Cape Carau. They say that's the hall of newlyweds and almost dead. Yeah, right. Luckily, I'm still a newlyweds. Well, good for you. Pat what's out you moved to such a geriatric, dying crappy place? I don't know. I'm starting to wonder that. Yeah. Have you been to see the lightning yet? Are you had tickets you are going to go? Going on January 21st. I think I was up there a couple of weekends ago. I saw the, I saw them play the rain. The rain is being applied to four. But they got a lot of excitement going on. Yeah, they're doing it. They got a little, they're playing in a 10,000 cterina there. See an expo hall. So they need to get it. Yeah, I heard you've got to watch where you step. You know, outside the exhibition hall there. Yeah, it's seen from the second row. The blood seems they call them. And that was pretty pretty exciting. But they didn't even know we need it. But they got a lot going on. Well, I want to tell you something. Sure, you have made my entire week. I was in a very psychotic state of mind because of our management and their App to absolute and aptitude. But getting a call from a mockery just makes me feel like Mr. Power. I thought you got a shower of power. Have a great new year. Talk to you again. I'll see. A mobile in a mockery. And I was just about to continue with our meeting. I'm not God. And I was just about to continue with our musical tribute to Mitch Lewis. I have no more skin. I have no more skin. I have no more skin. That is a bunch of shots. Massive and attentive when it comes to the face of me. Oh! Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Welcome to Presidentat V. Legendary TW-D Marty Bobbi turning 2017. Post the way we do, this week where we're going to be created. and I went to that range is lightning game down south here in Miami and had and I've read justly outstanding time great I've never had it about better time in my life about my girlfriend and a buddy of mine brought his girlfriend and of course they were out in space as we were but the three of us through all three periods that right on the edge of our seats man are back for by the end of time because it was just a phenomenally exciting experience yeah I have one word for you yes sir I can I can't get a eight forward yeah played as often as you can by the way the leaf suck and I'm the first one who admitted by still of them well that's okay and somebody sent me a little plastic maple leaf hockey player today a little keychain or whatever that'll be at the keychain with a little maple leaf on it look just like Johnny Bauer and drag is a matter of fact what you think about the South Florida I hole oh that sounds good we could start with our sales department man most of them are skating on tonight saw ready well listen I'm glad we got you out there and off your dead ass and that's what I'm here for thanks you have a great new year and you too bye bye and you like that all you naysayers out there all you negative knee and you thought those picking idiots one thing I do man is motivate some of these people to at least search for a life I'm not saying that can guarantee they're gonna find one but at least go out there and search for one try to find something breathing something alive something with the movement motion we have an open line in date by the way speaking of dead seven five one it's one twenty one on the iod network that's the latest news from the sixteen w-i-o-d-u-center each hour plus and update on traffic and the current weather forecast Joe planning is an idiot here's an a few years for seventy five years coming up next to nation the wide that's what all of us is grandfathers when they're so far close more and a whole lot more it's the nineteen ninety one ninety two season from there between the Montreal Canadians and the Toronto Maple Leafs are looking off our forty-a-season of most in hockey netting center on cdc eight one twenty six a w-i-o-d-i-s still get goose bumps every time I hear that I get like this thing this tingling running up and down my here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello what a phone what a connection i was motivated to call by the f-h-t yes they're all over the place that i pull up the road they got the eye in the sky all right they probably got the alan Parsons project up there with a two man with that eye in the sky probably i just want to end by saying mark Clayton is so full of shot his eyes are brown okay yeah woo but how about that lease also not really think she's a rank-twist watcher what that was a like a big story they even had a thing like on i was at an ESP and last night they showed a thing in the locker room they showed a thing or two yeah uh no not one of those we have no but light and browner five two four there's rape who's like naked in bed just the other excuse to get him out there with all his clothes off on Santa Barbara they're going off the year I don't know why they just don't go ahead and do it right on the air I mean NBC needs the numbers they're dying over there and they're ready to this big big I mean they're just the peacock is like ripping his feathers out they're so psychotic about what are they going to do with letterman and what are they going to do with Leno and are they going to put the tonight show on a ten and a late night show at eleven thirty and Leno says that's okay if he's so long as he's on at eleven thirty and how do they're going to do that they can't afford to pay letterman twenty five million dollars and keep that fat boring j-leno also for that is a network that is just ready it is just right for the pickin and the l-a law is as good as dead history dead meat boy I sure wouldn't want to have stock in is it just g-e still on NBC this yeah right well maybe a light bulb will light up in the hive a better idea maybe they'll just buy the light bulb that's a good idea I would fit right in oh look at a we have here there goes to ratings on my dropping Paul Harvey junior junior there no he's still going to be doing night dropings for uh it's going to be singular though night dropping right yeah just going to be one lonely little thing a one lonely little drop on your windshield that's correct mm-hmm so how are things Paul Harvey junior junior who's brother called us yesterday who's not well by the way um how's that what do you mean how's that not well regarding he's sick he said he sick have you seen him he doesn't look sick to me what the hell does that mean no I heard he's got like some of the doctors can't figure it out what kind of an insensitive at that during the holidays no listen about your brother you look healthy you have to see me look fine yeah well there's a priest on Santa Barbara right now who looks straight to but don't let that fool you you're the pain in the answer on christmas time like always you didn't look like you also in other words this is just another one of these attempts to make us now you know it's really nasty that you say this because what's going to happen about a month if we get a call from him and it turns out he's dead or something well he probably won't call you never know have you listed some of those calls this is true how can you tell let me really think this yeah give me a minute okay anyway um I actually called because a friend of mine had pulled up at Wayne Arnold yeah with a car font and he was gonna order something I didn't know it to had there so I figured I'd give you a bell but then I'm thinking you're you're a vegetarian now right right so you're not even thinking about that kind of so what does that mean I've had plenty of it do I have to keep eating it to be able to talk about it like I'm just gone now what you probably gone now who the guy that was gonna place the order for me I don't think he's gonna sit there and wait so the why are we even discussing it so there goes that I don't know what I brought it up I don't know what happened yeah I don't know what sounds like you're about ready to bring it up let me ask you this is Randy safe that's the main question uh when you work around here nobody is ever safe okay know what is it safe not even if you're got it present company included no one is safe I'm Tanya it's not come on and the idea that we've got information now that Joey is here sucking around for a winner is job you see that's the thing about Joey as soon as you let him in the door he's like a goddamn vulture he's always there first it was written suds he was trying to get me to get them to move down to here and then he's out there they're all the night time job she took my job and I like like we owed him a job or something and now he's trying to get winner is job that's the night mirror letting him in the goddamn building hey study was happy with this weekend yeah right how do you say it out here you believe that shot you believe that it must be truly yeah we right exactly god anyway he is pathetic here all right well I'll say what I'm a typical boy Gary move man just like another shot to stir-bremd a building to stir the potter do you have right I suck is that who swing in the act what is that who swing in the act or by himself no not by himself but he's screwing up the I don't give me started on this again I've been doing very well I've been psychoanalyzed myself I'm not going into it again let me uh I'm in closing when my brother called was it about juicers because as soon as I heard juicers I'm driving down the road I'm like oh geez I'm gonna have to punch up another step yeah yeah it was him so I got my champion in the box here from the unicorn and I got just a whole big stuff a beautiful approach and I'm all set I really have a big discussion I don't need any more recommendations I'm setting the juiceman to back to Jay what's his name faker and that's it and what are you going to flatten that puppy maybe apple I got carrots I got apples I got celery I got parsley I got kale I got time on my hand do me a favor go easy on the carrot okay yeah your brother's living testimony to that have a great new year you see a junior two upper lines they're both in a Broward of course which is good for the people calling from Boston and Seattle and Sweden North Miami Beach I ain't an old happy new year yes you're in the same to you did I do the round one there hello I'm getting ahead of myself well that's alright they can wait I was in into that that classic paint your ball spot thing yeah I figured I sound like the color no no yeah I knew it was true cake no you listen it it is no way you listen to him it is not fruit cake okay I know fruit cake's voice like nobody and I can assure you that's not wait a minute he's a little older though I just know something that in one of your interviews with John Candy I believe it looked like an older interview you had less hair than you have today he's still an Israel I thought like he comes here to visit it's possible you know more like you than fruit cake no it ain't me how do you explain that I don't wear a wig sir that is that could be the greatest call ever made by the way not to have a call you on myself or the rich and famous see I just noticed something that that's in one of your interviews I knew it was him we have an open line in date 751 and one on the Broward 524946 we see couldn't resist it couldn't restrain himself let's do Miami Beach hello hello yes sir I got a question what's the story with all these people in Broward that was that can't block that was just I think that's who that was what is it what's the story with all these people in Broward I mean I never hear anybody calling I mean I think I saw dead they can't pick up a phone or does that does that bother you that I mean does it really make a difference where they're calling from unless it's someplace exotic and different like Eljo Bean or across fire or uh corkscrew or somewhere like that well I mean it looks so dead over there yes don't you know the median age in Broward is like 20 years past death don't you understand that haven't you ever examined haven't you ever analyzed the population of Broward most of the walking dead sir they're all busy getting ready right now for the early board they're all gathering together outside their condos make planning their strategy for out a screw up university drive so they can go to the early bird okay I just all right I want to tell you that I love you showing up from the York visiting and I just love listening to you well sir welcome to the land of the walking dead believe me what I tell you it's a great place to visit but trust me you wouldn't want to stay here this is when you're ready to croak this is the place to come back to okay have a great new year bye bye and there are people out there who resent my saying that well screw them okay I'll pass I mean let's get cereal this is the land of the dead two open lines in date I want to brow this has been a brutal day this has been extraordinarily tough I came in today just singing a song walking along greeted by a whole fistful of memos we got memos up the ass here today man we got memos coming of our out of our craniums we got memos about people that haven't been invented yet written by people haven't been born yet but my favorite is still the one the Mitch ween our chief engineer about that triple cartic and when I mentioned it to go a gear yesterday says to me oh is this a bob green deal okay I would try to do that since I came here like this requires this requires like to have a hold the tight enough troops come in here to get Mitch ween our chief engineer a man with a personality like a fart to come in here and stick that damn machine that's sitting down there gathering dust and put the thing in and hook it up and get the place going and cut the crap not if so when can this be completed kind sir god give me a break already like a bad Johnny Carson routine but hey happy new year it's 135 on the IOD network join us this afternoon beginning a two for those wild and crazy guys written suds and it's six it's sports dog 6-10 I am an imbosal okay get those hot 105 names on the list and Mitch Lewis and Tom Benningler Alex Bennett Steve которin The highs and the men forget when new them They used to work these items Even though this time they made a fools our mind And we bear a wick, open them, being Gary Boost Captain Clark, Johnny, Dark and Joseph Gacky Hank's Goldberg McQueen, Marvin, Robin, Oregon Stuffly Lewis, Queen and Winston, forget between These are all the people Who are still here working And new to Murphy, we are all just people But we're out there giving just a make-o-in-one I would like to explain it well Let's start And we're out there giving just a make-o-in We are all just That is a bunch of shot That is Radio 141 Here in the vast wasteland of a mong Anybody in the building there they all over there at Hot 105 They're doing it at not so Hot 105 That's a new slogan by the way As only Cox Broadcasting could do not so Hot 105 They didn't expect too much Here's Clearwater, hello Yes sir Oh yeah, I'm calling from Pasco County I just want to say that we are here at Stanley Stimour Listen to you every day And incredible Yep, we listen to you every day man And we love your show I'm just cleaning it How about the carpet That is the road is going to flow a week But yeah, it's a long trip From new poRichard and Zephyl's We'll listen to you We'll listen to you Next time we get into Newport Richie Look up Bill from Newport Richie And do a little number of clean his act up Okay Okay, have a great new year pal Thank you See how do you like that All the Stanley Stimour people are out there Listening in Pasco County man So stick that in your cleaner Or open You idiot One thing I noticed Nobody even hardly mentions FLA anymore You don't understand? They don't, people we got Couldn't give two flying crafts about FLA And that boring, terminal, tedious, hateful, Ultra, right wing, monotone It's on it They could put a 60 cycle ton on it Staste into a five or a six Because they're like so they're like brainwashed And we're delighted Because those aren't the people we want anyway Hollywood Wow, I don't believe it Believe it I'm part of the walking dead I guess because I've been Hollywood I'd like to tell that last caller from New York To go screw himself What caller was that? Like I had nothing to say You just called up to say Oh, I hope those people were Broward, oh they could call up I've been on the phone for 35 minutes So I think call up We do have one, we have one open line on the board By the way, you know where it is? Yeah, yeah, it's brown Yeah Well, I got a life at Broward Okay, they got a lot of stuff To do a lot of bills to pay a lot of shopping To do a lot of funerals to arrange Don't kid yourself Yeah, you're right There's nothing wrong Why do I've lived in Broward for years? No, I know there's nothing going on You're not kidding me It was an unbelievable distress over this Mitch Lewis Yeah Is that mean Did you do something bad or what? Yeah, he did a good job I mean, he really did this A lot of stuff to song a hope I mean, all the things he did at the end of the year Right Right That's really a shame Great talent So tremendously talented guys Sometimes an annoying and a pain in the ass But we can all be that But seriously, a tremendous talent And they blew him out And he brought back the guy that he replaced Which makes no sense to me whatsoever But then the things that are going on It's like, well, I have said before It's like the captain has abandoned the ship Or been knocked overboard And the ship is out there in the middle of the ocean And the middle of a hurricane And it's just spinning around in circles And there's nobody grabbing it I mean, somebody here needs to grab it Yeah, yeah, I agree And I just don't think Bob Green is getting ready to grab it any time soon I was really hoping for something Come on Bob, reach out and grab it already Get ahold of that thing, dammit Exactly God Well, maybe he'll stay in the market Who? Make a move Not if he's smart Yeah, that's true Too much talent there to stay in this town Well, I have to call a couple people do Spag's And you know, I tried to escape the hour It moved to North Miami Beach The star lake's area You familiar with that area? Star lakes, I never heard a star lake Post them bakery Oh, I know where that is though Because when you drive by there, many are almost the best Right, um, take a sniff It's a small community there, condos, old people Uh-huh And I had a chance to move into one of the apartments And I moved in And I got kicked out They wouldn't like my car I have a large yellow car Yeah They just all over me man They live there Right For no reason it was bottom floor, ground apartment It's concrete, ceilings and walls I mean, I wasn't even noisy Yeah But condo rules And where you're showering naked? Ah, that's it, I knew it Hervert Hervert No, really, that'll teach you Under the age of 55 In the day, in the condo Isn't that something? That, I follow along Just pathetic How can there be such a law? You notice this is another thing In this state, it's okay We can have seniors Sit in this counts At early bird All of a sudden, crap If you're over the age of a hundred You can get all these special discounts And you can live in places where nobody else can live But if anybody else wants to get a deal Like young people or students or anybody else And when they get all bent out of shape about that That's discrimination We want hours We want hours Exactly And how long do they expect to keep them there They've got to be 55 Right I mean, how do they get money? To the age of 200 Well, they're all douche bags It's Starlake Until it's Nathaniel Hoth Well, I haven't read New Year's prowl Oh, I see Like you said, prowl It's pretty weak Pretty weak We have an open line on the starline If you have bell-sauce mobility Speak it a pretty weak I see Alex's in here Looking like Mona Lisa today Seriously, have you ever seen Mona Lisa and Alex together? That pose right there Just don't move With that here, he looks like a young Mona Lisa That's me I'm Tonya And I don't mean all that young Just a little younger than the picture I've been wondering You keep saying David Paul But David Paul looks better than that But I mean Mona Lisa Mona Lisa God, I thought I heard dancing That in the hallway I wonder what that was all about 146 Wiod That Dan, many calls before on a bat line What is wrong with him? What are we going to do with him, huh? What are we going to do with Dan? Can't we bring him in here and kind of straighten him out? Clear water Oh, yes sir First of all, this earlier this morning The guy called about Dan They were still in one year Competitors, they were still in from Donheim Donheim is just great, he's listening And now they bring the actual show down And instead of still in the first ball I want to say real quick The parts still go out to the people In the home stage A lot of people forgot You know, they're too hurt and stuff But I'm going to ask you before you all got your hockey team down there Was there much support for the camp The lightning before you all knew you were getting your own team? No Well, you know there's a lot of things Oh, I will say this Because I didn't go to the game Because I went to the track instead That night we had the Ranger game with lightning And a lot of people called in who were at the game And they said that there were a lot of lightning fans there And I don't imagine that that many people from Tampa came over here So there may have been But I mean, are people from down there today supported or did they support it? Oh, yeah Did you hear about it on the news? Yeah, they talked about it Yeah Because a lot of I used to be a Ranger fan so I moved down here And hopefully some of you there people are down there Listen to your station They pissed me off for a lot of time All these years of screwing up in the playoffs And I became a lightning fan since I lived up there And you know there's a lot of baseball fans up here They're mad at Hizinga first They think he stole the team So a person I could give a crap about baseball that There you go But once you off there a point in southern hockey Again, see when the lightning has been Hizinga's team The baseball fans up here will be That's going to be the name of her team By the way, the orange crush I like that name the other guy Because the ice holes Ice holes Yeah, there you go Okay, listen, have a great new year and we'll see you on the ice All right, take care Bye Okay, kind of squealing on it Follow him out of him just to phone or something screwed up with it Hey, Mitch Wayne, let's send him a memo Fix the thing here sometime Like can you get around to it like sometime this year And the coming year, I mean, not no emergency 148 on the IOD network Don't miss the weekend magazine See treat the latest news Information, trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy I believe it looked like an older interview You had less hair than you have today How do you explain that? I don't wear a wig sir Paint your bald spot? What bald spot? You paint your bald spot? I know you're talking about sir my hair grows You paint your bald spot? I don't have a bald spot How come you had less hair on the tape? Maybe my head group, maybe I had a bad haircut that day By the way, something Where you care? Paint your bald spot? I don't Do you paint your bald spot? Paint your bald spot? Oh, sick of it That is great radio I agree, 153 at WIOD And here's a beautiful, by the way, Randy comes in And finds her CDs all on the floor behind the TV stand They're I did it Well, I tried to put him back to you I put the cups and the stuff in there That ran off from the unicorn to bag in there And she's got all the stuff piled up to the sky And I appreciate her delimo Because we don't have room for anything And they all fell over Like Alex will put him back together again Won't you Alex? No? Oh, he hates Randy like poison Here's Fort Myers, hello Hello? Yes sir How are you doing Neil? I'm from Mendus Great, I've been fishing a couple of little things I know you big hockey fan Hey, my nine-year-old daughter is a hockey fan Yeah And yesterday we went to see It's a two little movie You may like it's called fighting ducks Fighting duck? Has it here of it? No I'm nearly the rest of the business And what is it? Oh, I'm nearly the rest of the business And I like it already All right, what is it about? You'll love this film It's about he's a big shot lawyer Who has to do public service Okay for DUI And he gets thrown into an inner city and I think it takes place in Chicago Whatever somewhere And he has to organize these kids About 15 ghetto kids into a hockey team And they compete on like what they call P. We hockey network, whatever It's in Minneapolis That's where it is Because the North Star is I don't know much about hockey But is it the North Star center there? Right Okay, well they take these kids They meet the North Star They do this whole thing And it's really exciting Hockey sequences in the movie Well be dead How about that? It is terrific It is terrific Just what you might want to know I'll take you word for it It's a good film Also let's see One other thing pertaining to songs But away, did want to ask you And one of my friends asked me to ask you If I ever got through What you thought since you were a big league Talk radio personality Oh, what you thought of the movie Talk radio Horrible One of the all-time worst Really? Yeah Who? You didn't like his performance Oh, bomb I mean the silliest The most incipid, the most idiotic pile of shot I have seen in years And I remember distinctly watching that in the movie Theter and looking continuously My watch to see how much longer I'd have to And finally when they killed him at the end Which I was praying They should've done it at the beginning of that Over with It was just horrendous I mean here's the boardops He's spinning around in his chair like a ladle And he's like a top And flipping the cards And I mean juggling it It was just a stupid silly The pressing morbid idiotic piece of crap Well I guess you have an opinion on that Yeah I love that Okay One quick other thing on movies We want to see Malcolm X Which was pretty mediocre film Anyway the interesting thing was When we wanted to disappear And this was in Fort Myers Yeah We want to disappear We see two completely uniform Sheriff's office standing in the lobby Yeah Who's like on the second day that it's open And radio car outside Bob Bob Bob Bob And while we came out There's still standing there It's like three hours Yeah Said why you guys here What's purpose? Well we were assigned here Because we thought there might be some Riot This movie might be quite a rioter Well I heard there was a bustle of Indians Come on from a mockery And they were getting pretty nervous about it Great way of spent taxpayers Do I call somebody to spend? Yes Okay all of the All of the bridge Tenders on the Santa Bell Bridge Are a bunch of flaming Doosh bags for opening up the bridge For one teeny silo and keeping 10,000 people online You're waiting Really? Have a great day And you too Okay Got to get the bridge Tender out there for the new year Anyway I know what I want to do I want to hear the rest of this From the corner Montreal Hey Stop Come on Boys and Highty Indians Can't let my kids get in He's fucking gone The knee looked like the Mona Lisa Adam says yes He said Alex looks like the Mona Lisa On a bed day We're Mason Cundubils Life's worth We're from these Mona Macadaşs This is Montes Vous Yours Are You waiting for this Wouah I'm all psychopath now For a great lunch Mama do Yes 50 seven a W. I. D. is a lady in surf side. Yes, me. I'm another Mitch Lewis fan. Yeah. I really enjoyed that Saturday night program. This is the whole W. I. Oh, you're the one. Yeah. At the risk of hurting anyone else. No, no, we can handle it. But a more of a Mitch's demographic. Well, what I'm your demographic here is really my first level of a. Oh, but I like I like it. I'm a sucker. But seriously, what else does he do here that he just got fired from? He was a production maven here. He was the voice of the coast in W. I. O. D. And maybe how 105, but evidently that wasn't to be. You did a voice of what production like commercials and announcements. You hear, don't you hear his voice on a lot of these commercials and now that I think that that was his main function. I mean, the night rhythm was just an opportunity to be a little annoying and that we're reading on a weekend and go and fill the street and fill a spot in there that boy Gary can't find a real program to put on. But his main function and he does all kinds of comedy, but he's a great talent. He's got a great voice and a great sense of humor. He's a tremendous talent. And that's why they blew him out. Because anybody that has an ounce of talent and comes in in his conscientious and does a real job in his company sooner or later will get screwed over and kicked out the door. Well, I like to do something about that. Right. I want you to call out that. I want you to call up that Bob Green and cut him out. I will. Cut him out. I'm serious. I call him up and tell to grow the parent get with it for the new year and stop screwing his station. I'm stop letting boy Gary destroy our radio station that we worked so hard to build. Absolutely. We put our lives in our sweat and our blood and our energy here into this place into this god forsaken musty of slimy building with all this mung and the vents up here that we're dying and choking on every day. They're slowly but surely killing us and even then they can't do it right. And the same to you. See ya. Bye. Bye. God. So anyway. So I think we solved all the problems today. Right. I got my juicer. I got a whole bunch of veggies and good stuff here. We're doing it. And we got solved the problem of the IOD dilemma because she's going to call up and cut his ass out big time. I hope you do his name is Bobo Green. Okay, Tom the Bobo on this when you call lady you tell him. Custom out. She was asked out. Wake him up. Camille's house hotline number over 92 grand 1-800-852-006. This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station. You saw grandiose 610-WIOD by ME Fort Lutterdale and Lepon Beatut. Good money!