Council, Norman Kent, and we'll go over the details to a certain extent, but we wanted to begin the program today by having Neil on just to, well, actually just check it and see how you're doing because I'm a little concerned. I hope you're feeling all right today given the circumstance. I feel fine. I just, the only reason I'm out there today is because I got a, it's an interesting thing. If you ever been in jail, I've never been in jail, but many people have. But it's an interesting thing, the DCTL, it kind of a light night, so I didn't get home by four this morning after ponding out, but after only about two hours sleep, there was really no way to come in and show the thing. Well, that's understandable, and I wanted to, again, point out because this is going to be a screen show. You think President Bush has the toughest job in America? Today, I probably have the toughest job in America, but beyond that, could do it better. I probably could, but I think what we need to say is that the reason you're not on the air today has nothing to do with anything legal or anything like that, it simply is that you didn't get out as you just mentioned before, I wouldn't be proper to have you. Come in, give them the circumstances and try to do a show. And I also want to thank, you know, we stay in and day out. I get from really rough time and day to day. And a lot of ways, I'm as small as stuff, but in terms of the figure picture, he is a chronically-shay. I mean, the people of cocks are just incredible competent landers, the Disney, and even boy Gary. I'm biting my tongue, it's bleeding when I say that, but they've been just tremendous and supportive, and they understand what it's all about very well I think. And I'll be back tomorrow. Why, they after that, and after that? I don't want to, this is sound small to you or take in the wrong way, but you will always have my personal and professional support in this matter, and I think you'll always be able to speak for lots of people in South Florida this month. Well, I appreciate it. I don't know you're talking around Chuck, it's just that we're going to be bad this year, but I'm not giving up. I'm not throwing it in the palace. Anything else you have to say? No, I just wish you good luck, because obviously it's going to be an exciting for hours, and I just want to send a message to all those people in the media who feel compelled like our friend next door to come up here. They're certainly welcome. The ACRES is beautiful. There's a nice cul-de-sac at the end of my street. I will not be answering the door. My dog will be barking for rociously and hysterically, but I do have two nice perfect out there, and they photograph very well. Great. Thanks, Neil. Thanks for calling. See you tomorrow, bye. All right, Neil Rogers. Here's the statement that Mike Disney has read to the press. If you've been listening to WIOD news through the morning, you've heard this statement. It's short, but this is the statement that's been released from Michael Disney last night. Neil Rogers, on Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Talk Show host on WIOD was arrested, charged with the first three misdemeanor for indecent exposure. Neil Rogers has denied all charges, and is presently free on bond. At this time, the station has no plans to suspend or terminate Neil. However, we will continue to monitor the situation. Neil Rogers will not be on the air today, but I might Disney, hope that he can return very soon. Neil Rogers has asked that we thank all of his loyal listeners for their continued support as Neil just did. He further questions ought to be directed to his attorney, Norman Kim. So that's the statement from Michael Disney today. We do have a police report from the Miami Beach Police that I will be glad to read on the air today, but I will do it slightly later in the half hour because it's handwritten. I have not read it. We're baiting yet, and I don't want to watch it up on the air. So I will read it during a break and we will read word for word. Our police report from Miami Beach over time. This will be needless to say very interesting day at WIOD. There's no question. There's a lot of people in South Florida today who feel well. What goes around comes around, and for the guys who's always taking shots at other people and their shortcomings and their boy bowls and their problems with the police that it's only right. And it's only justice that it happened in the old rockers. And that's, I guess fine. If you want to call today and talk about that and say that, we're going to let you say it. I think that we all, again, have to be within the bounds of the decor. I don't want to be setting a new record for the dump fight, frankly, but people will want to say that. And Neil is a public guy, and he's used to that sort of thing, and he's got more he calls and he's mailed than any one of us will ever have in our life. So I'm sure he's, he's Hippin up, savvy enough, and six skin to be able to handle that sort of thing. On the other hand, and I don't say this simply because I'm sitting here today, and I do not say this because I happen to work for WIOD. I'm not chilling for anybody today in saying that the last time I checked, this was still in the United States of America, and that you are innocent until proven guilty, that the crime that Neil has been accused of here is a misdemeanor, nothing polonious, and Neil has again denied the charges and feels that he will be fully vindicated. This is one of those very, touchy times when you've got a situation where someone is but accused of something, and it takes a while for the process, the courts, and for the whole issue to be aired, and Neil will be under the gun and under the scope here for while until he is allowed to say what he has to say. So let's remember that we're all innocent until proven guilty. I think that we try to practice that, and let's try to remember today, if you would like to call with your support for Neil, or your thoughts about this whole larger issue, that I think we can get into on this program today. Dr. Sarah Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. talk show host on WIOD, was arrested in charge with a first-degree misdemeanor for indescent exposure. Neil Rogers has denied all charges and is presently pre-onbond. At this time, the station has no plans to suspend or terminate Neil Rogers. However, we will continue to monitor the situation. Neil Rogers will not be on the air today, but I hope he can return very soon. Neil has asked that we thank all his loyal listeners for their continued support. Any further question should be directed to his attorney, Norman Kent. WIOD personality, Neil Rogers, was arrested last night after allegedly exposing himself and an adult movie theatre on Miami Beach, WIOD's Robert Van Cow reports. Officials say that Neil Rogers was arrested at the gate. Theatre after two detectives saw him sitting on a back row bench exposing himself while watching a heterosexual movie. Miami Beach, WIOD's spokesman Tom Hula Hans, as Rogers, was arrested outside the theatre as he attempted to leave. Neil Rogers, a little transpired very quickly. As he ups his head down, the subject then recognizes predicament apparently, trying to cover himself up and get out of the theatre. He ups his following him and where it was most logical with stopping is where they identified themselves. Hula Hans has the arrest was part of a routine patrol leper in that area, Robert Van Cow, Newstalk Radio, 610 WIOD. Neil's arrest as creative speculation whether he'll remain on the air at WIOD, General Manager Mike Disney says he has no intention of suspending or terminating Neil. He adds that Neil Rogers commercial sponsors have been calling showing their support for him. We had contact with many advertisers so far this morning that he clearly advertisers that enjoy advertising in the Neil Rogers program. And we have had nothing but support in addition to numerous phone calls from listeners that are very upset about it and hope to the radio station and the company stand behind it and we do. Disney says Neil will return to his regular times, lots of tomorrow morning. Chuck Myers, you obviously know his hosting Neil's program this morning and Chuck Talk with Neil at the top of the show. I want to say something, I want to say something and this is again a personal observation this morning. I'm aware that Norman Kent is often Neil's attorney and I'm aware he does a talk show on another station and I tuned in Norman thinking he might be on the air. He's been ill for a few days and has been off well. I'm certainly not Mr. King was on another station today as very first call as I'm driving. He's not other than Rick Sanchez and I want to say something, a public to publicly to Rick and I've had him on this program recently and I purposely did not talk about his drunk driving hassle because again I thought that it had been cashed over a million times. I wanted to talk to them about other things but there I must say and I don't think I'm being unfair to Rick Sanchez by paraphrasing what he said in the way he said it. It was certainly in what he said today about Neil because he felt that Neil had never given him a fair shake and that he had insinuated in the community that somehow Neil never gave him a fair shake and never gave him the benefit of innocence before guilt. Although I seem to recall that Rick Sanchez caught the plea in his drunk driving case but beyond that there was a certain sort of self satisfaction that guys like Sanchez and Kane are getting out of this today. I really wonder why. Well you know what he caused? What the bigger point is is if you're a public figure you could be publicly targeted and it's going to it could ruin a career and these guys should know that more than anybody else. So why rebel in the guys' current problem? For any other reason then what I know was which was ratings and titillation and more talk because that particular station never has a format unless they talk about Neil or this station which is pretty weak. And I have a guy like Sanchez on and Rick and come on over here and explain himself today if he wants to but Rick Sanchez getting on the air at another radio station today going. And I guess, just about Neil Rogers was low and I felt it. I could feel it right through the radio it was low and it and I told Rick Sanchez when he was on this program a few months ago that I really felt that when he copped his plea and admitted what he did with his drunk driving case we grew up a bit. Well I take that back. I don't think Rick's grown up at all. Well I thought of his low. One more point, Chuck, I want you to go. I think Neil will be around a lot on it.