Wait a minute, what just happened here? Oh, here's another torn cart. Okay, so we now have people who are coming in here and ripping the carts. Okay, here's another cart with a tape ripped in the middle of it. And now at this point it ceases to be humorous. The best of Rogers continues in minutes on news to our radio, 610 WIO. Allen, everybody can't stand in pain in the assedresner. Exactly. Yeah, what about him? You remember when you had a bunch of people from Cooper City? Yeah. Well, I was over here. Well, it's not exciting. Yeah. Yeah. You were in about 700 other people. Exactly. We had a great time. Yeah, well, I'm glad. I couldn't see it five years later, but you know, I'm just calling the thank you. Wow, you sure welcome. Yeah. I think you can do it against what? Think you can do it against something. No chance. No. No. No. Call up Tanner. He'll have you over. Who are these people and where have they come from? That is the question of the day folks. Who the hell are they and who the hell needs them? No. No. No. Rickie. No. Rickie. You're really close. You're a hit. Rickie. You're really close. Rickie. Rickie. Oh, no. You're so really close. I think you're so really close. We have one open line in date. I'm probably the worst show in the history of broadcasting. And I'm really proud of it. I say it's funny that it comes on the day after we discover the joy is back in town. You think it? And now joy is on WSPR and Bokers that the rumor now. The other day we had him on Super Surf. And he was also on like every stage that's ever been invented. And now all of a sudden he's on WSPR and Bokers. Whatever the deal is, the bad news is, Joey's back and we're paying a wicked price for it. I like to know who died. I'm making your rage of the moral chances of doubly I'll deal with the, and all these employee and I will the people of the state and New York. And of the state of Florida. When he's only claimed to fame is two free bags and a COVID. Go lay under your Mustang and leave me alone with your punk. I'm getting like catching my breath from that tremendous assault on my system from Barbersland food. I want to make sure we give her lots of plugs and mention the name frequently down there in candle on sunset. Oh, Bobo. What you've done to me. Why you do this to me, Dimey? You're listening to the best of Rogers on news to our great Eos. 6. I thought we'd planned golf here. It sounds like the skins game is Jack Nicholas would say. We have an open line at Broward. I can't, I mean golf is just so the skins game. It's just something about it. If I get started on golf or New York drive off the road, it's probably on the way. See, it's good though that we got a station that's like the diverse and perverse. I mean, Reneries in the golf and what else? What else does he like? Drinking and the nose picking. I mean, he's those are made like, you know, that's Mike. And then I'm liking to horse racing and punching my guts out and a few other things. And Rick is into like skiing and what else? Huh? Politics. And politics. Yeah, 1035 at WIOZ. So what are you doing with your life? Getting up fighting the twirt. My suit. I'm going to put Donald on those gangletons on your dad. I'm going to put Donald on your dad. I'm going to put Donald on your dad. I'm feeling tired my suit. It's my dinner. I go. I thought it'd get you looking pretty touch-out. I got a lovely go. I've got them get too cold. I'm starting up the place wherever you go. I've always had been so pissed and scared. I thought I'd get my auntie when you invited him. I got to do it once you see or not being needs. I got to work with your clothes back on please. I got to put Donald on those gangletons on your dad. I'm going to put Donald on your dad. I'm going to put Donald on your dad. Please be a little girl. When the party burns, you have nobody now. So go and take your arms. But you know, you're gonna roll some attention. If you would, any clothes on you know, won't last, she always wears. When I'm stucking, so she don't rust. Like a lottery that's hard to get in a game art store. The dollar used with bag like Chacha Gabor. I got another $50 more. I want a little bit of water. I want a little more. And a little a curie to wait there. I want to. T-41 in W.Y. O.D. I think we're going to bid farewell to our line. Clingor here. Hey, I'll let you all at the go. I think you've been holding it for a few days. You're the law-allows. I really want to thank you, cheer up my day. Well have a great day. And by the way, yes, definitely uncut as the way to go. Put your arm. See you later. Okay, we got a pitty important for Lauderdale. Let's get right to it. to it. Any of us up, listen, heading your sound on I-95. Yes, sir. About a mile south of 595. There's one on the Sterling Road Bridge and he's sitting up on top and he's calling out to the other guys. There's 11 of them out there. 11 of them out there. There will be you'll be very excited to know that yesterday Governor Bumpkin signed a bill that bars the Florida Highway Patrol and other police agencies from setting ticket quotas. That's the one that Rick and Sudden been talking about for weeks. The Governor Bumpkin signed it and obviously it's having a real big impact. They can think of things in the road. Yeah, they are taking it into their hands. The same thing of it is you don't see the guy sitting up for their on top and he's like a point in the gun right at you. I'm kind of work on 75 this morning and there was an FHP poker like brod in there's like a clump of trees like an immediate and one strip there up north of Sheridan Street and he's like brod in there just with his nose sticking out so we can stick his a thing out and you know pick up everybody on the radar. What a slime ball. How does it that's good to hide. Yeah, right. No quote is in no hiding. Not. All hey, are you guys from if he's empowered you're going to distract me. Come on. Yeah. Yep. No quote is so not they're just doing it for the fun of it. Because there are bunch of sadistic pigs who want to make your life miserable like I've always said they're not, you know, they're not fool anybody. Oh, but line in Broward 524Wild man. My him so clogged up now. Thank God that Pony tell us going to get that soup because it's obvious to Deniburg one more time just totally totally. Couldn't get the job done. What up? What a loser Tom. I mean you look in the mirror and you see this pathetic little wimpy image and you say the look of an absolute total loser and that's little Tommy D. But he's proud of it. Miami. Thank you. That is a metz fan. Yes. I got this connection. Can't hear you. Hello. There we go. A little outer. Yeah, I got this connect to yesterday. From Will I talk to you and uh start telling you the story about the cop? He was around it. No, you didn't get to this connected. You blurred it out the S word. Sir, and I had to disconnect your call because you use some interpret language. You're also staying your family station. There might be some audience in the audience. Right. So just say crap. Sorry without because I'm sure you're going to like Deniburg. I like the end. You're going to like the end of the story. Okay. Well, I told him what kind of crap is this? There you go. Okay. I think you down. Right. All right. And he says, hey, it's no crap. I said, I said, I said, I said, you know what I think about this crap? And I just flip my hip over and fart it. Really? I just fart it and he goes, you're disgusting, I think. But he knows you all for sir are rescue people passing gas. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Governor just signed that earlier. Today, two is the new uh new farting bill. But then you like my little arm. Uh what you call it? No, wait a minute. You're a little what you call it? No, you remember when I told you? Yeah. Oh. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. It's coming. It's coming. Yeah, I've heard that before. What? You're a little what? What was the guy named George? Yeah. Okay. I I told you the uh god. I don't know, man. Ha ha. Well, hold on. I'm thinking about it. We'll come back to me. He's thinking about it. We have the starlines open. If you have bell soft mobility, maybe the starline knows what he uh is little thing is all about. Star I OD. Only for a circumcised callers on a starline today, by the way. We'll have like alternate days now. Um, let's do Delray Beach. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Can I air a grievance with you? Yes, sir. It's with you. Well, I doubt it. I'd have your short call. What's your problem now? How come you have a problem with everybody like that wants to play golf or if they want to ski if that's their own? I don't have a problem with it at all. I do. I said it's boring. I said it's boring. Oh, yeah. But you know, so it's gambling but no, it's not boring to me. It really has to do. There are a lot of people to get tired of talking about horse racing. It's boring. That's just my opinion, sir. Why would you? I guess I'm not entitled to. Well, that's what they pay me for. See, opinions here are like assholes. Everybody's got one and that's my opinion. Well, you know what my opinion is? I don't really care. 1046 a WIOD. We have an open line on a starline star I OD and out of town where we just got that perspicacious call from Delray from a real big flaming one is 1-800-944 or schmuck. Are you caught up now? Do you figure out what it is? Yeah, that's nice. But now I can't hear you again. Huh? I said I can't hear you. Speaking of the little holes. Which one? The ones in the phone. Oh, okay. There you go. Is that lighting up there? Yeah, good. Okay, that translation to the card that you have. Yep. Um, it goes like this. I don't know if it does. No single, whaddle, and la chola. You reset that. You already said that? Yeah. Yeah. What do you think about it though? We think it was great and have a great life. We love it. What the hell is he talking about? Pretty soon. I'm just going to, I'm just going to sit here and George will translate the, uh, all the calls. Okay. God, are we losing controller? What? And that will be getting the French calls in from the frogs who want their equal time. Open line a day, 751 WIOD. I do have my sample here. Thank goodness because, boy, when you're plugged up so to speak, when your ears are quaking and your knees are shaken, there's nothing like having a bottle of snappled dyed raspberry ice tea to kind of cool you off and keep you going. Through a long, rough day when nobody seems to be coming to your side or helping out with any of the damn things you need. And snappler, of course, has the big 60-ounce standard size bottle. That's 33% more than the emitators standard size. So you get a bigger one for your money, which is always pleasing to me. And, of course, you get real good stuff too. No artificial ingredients, no additives, no, um, no crap. Snappler is made with the best natural ingredients on the face of the globe. Okay? So pick up the shelters in the complete line of real brood ice teas and sodas and fruit juices and for our sports department that all natural football drink. I mean, for everybody else, it's a sports drink, but for our sports department, it's strictly a football drink, snap up or as Joe would say, snap these. Snapples available now at Pantry Pride. At grapevine wine and cheese, Norman Brothers produce all woolly's fine foods. Easy quick, short stop, real and candle. Miami market, Doris market, Lorenzo Zepicure Walgreens, Great Value, Albertson Gardner's Market and a Freddy's nearby you, George. You're by the way, Peter. You moved here from Canada? Hey, no you didn't. No, I just teased him. I would never live in Canada. Good. And I tell you, chief, I didn't want to chip to Vegas either. I'd probably like to play golf, but I knew if I'd be right. Same asshole I called before from what you call from Del Ray Beach, same asshole. And that proves my case, he's in the golf. Okay, go chase these, okay, you idiot. We have an open line out of town, that's on at line eight, which is soon going to be transferred to like the deadline. Although I think we've already beaten, beaten you to the punch. 1-800-944-WIOD, POPPO-DO-BEECH. Paul Casternova's Pirate Port. Yeah, we know about saved our soper. No, no, no, no, even worse. Even worse, another rip off. Today's issue of excess? Yeah. On page six says the bare facts. Video isn't killing radio and self-floor, but the police are. Yes, it is another disc dropie is allegedly screwing up in public and getting arrested. This time, the lucky lad is Paul Casternova, both of the Rock and Roll Breakfast show on WSH. Instead of being caught with his pants down, Casternova, is it Casternova or Ovo? Whatever you want to say. Whatever. Ovo. Was found in a coppison, was found in a coppison, providing situation with a topless bargoer in POPPO-DO-BEECH an observer set. A crowd ensued which brought the POPPO-DO-BEECH police department. Casternova and the woman were charged with disorderly conduct. Hmm. Casternova had no comment on his arrest. And he's surprising legal move-off. Well, wait a minute, he was busted for this? Apparently? Well, how come it's like such a non-story? Probably was contrived. You want me to continue? Go ahead. Uh, and it's a surprisingly legal move, however, his lawyer, Mark, and Newzeo. Hmm. Said his- Newzeo, Newzeo. Said that. Cabricio. Oparalabaca, Fabio, Fabio, whatever his name was. Fabio, he's handsome. Go ahead. Uh, said that his client is totally innocent of everything. But not to worry, the public will soon cast its neurotic eye on the next sucker DJ. Until then, Casternova will just have to grin and bear it. And I don't get it. I don't get it. What is it that they were supposedly doing? Apparently, uh, just getting a cheap fill, I don't know. I guess they saw him in there and I said they're one boob too many in his place. Okay, just follow it. You know, but- Well, thanks for the good news, okay? I'm glad that Paul's are getting, you know, Mucky C. Mucky do. Well, when you're over at that station, that's about it. We'll look forward to getting that. For a McGeeity this weekend. Thanks a lot. All right. Okay. 20 past 11 at Good Old WWE, O.D. Just, uh, man, how come that story got no exposure at all if we can say that? Huh? How come the reporters weren't knocking down his door? How come a little rick-a-what-leavened talk from Channel 7? There wasn't the pounding out his thing at the house, huh? He's just moped-a-a-a. Because he's small potatoes is right. Trying to be big potatoes. He's a big sack of something. I'll guarantee that. We have an open line at Broward, 524Wild, 524 Mucky C, Mucky Spank, and out of town, 1-800-944, you got it. If you like college basketball, you won't want to miss Goldberg at night, it is tonight. It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible. All, all be on a date, or a business meeting, and, and... Please. Excuse me. See, see what happens? Frequent burping syndrome. It can ruin your life, but it doesn't have to. Now there's a clinic that can help. Trained specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers. A special place known as Burp Inders. Gosh, Burp Inders saved my life. Joanne and I were in love. I really wanted to ask her to marry me, but I just knew that when the moment of truth came, I'd let out with a big ripper. You know? Sigh... Burp Inders. No shame, no guilt. No more tummy rumbling, smelly belches. No more stopping and mid-sittance to uncorporate a big cheesy blaster. Just caring professionals, and the help you need. Don't wait. Here's the number to call. I'd buy two eight seven seven. It's five five five. Bye. Burp Inders. Call today. And stop being so gross. I agree. Love and twenty six at WIOD. Rumor has it, Paul Casternova is coming out of the closet on the ear tomorrow, and then on Mondays going out and buying a couple of corvettes. But that's just a rumor. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Thanks a lot, not to the guy who called yesterday. Give me that technique about opening up your ears. Because I've been doing that the last couple of minutes, and they're so plugged up now, man. It's just a brutal. I can't hear a damn thing. Here's a lady in Miami. Hi, Neil. How you doing? What? I know I can hear. It's just a little joke. Okay. Listen, I was calling to say something to Jorge. Yeah, let him have it. Um, tell him he is wrong. Okay. It's about ugly women that are Cuban. Right. My parents are Cuban, and I have to say that. Yes, you did say that. George, you said they're fat and they're ugly, and they like, uh, look real skanky and sheep and sleazy. Okay. Well, he's tried it and I had now I heard it. That is not too slow. I'm going to 547 with 110 pounds. Blonde here, green eyes. I am far from being on this. And I am not gay. Now what about Cuban men? Okay, you know what? Well, it depends. Oh. That depends on what? Well, what does that mean? It depends on what? It depends on how hairy they are. Are they really all hairy? Some of them, my boyfriend is. How old is that? Well, how old is he? He's 22. He's 22 and he's real hairy. Mm-hmm. Well, that's unusual. Yeah. Is he circumcised? No, he's not. I wanted to talk to you about that. Oh, God, where was he born? He was born in Cuba, but he came here when he was my mom. Well, that explains it. And I wanted to tell you the reason that most Cuban men are in circumcised. It's, if they were poor, for some reason, their parents thought that they would fall off. If they circumcised it. They really did. Boy, that's what happened to me. Huh? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. In fact, did I want to have in circumcised because they would fall off? They were truly scared that it would fall off. The highly educated in other words. Well, that's, that's a little, an old super-station. They were he does, you know, the Cuban healthy. They don't know anything. Yeah. And as we have, we've got more factions here today. It's just unbelievable. We can be a Puerto Ricans and Cubans and a Colombian dog peddlers and it's just incredible. Really? Well, I wanted to say something to Daytona Guy. So I'll hear him to go back into the Suri that he crawled out of because the minute he got on the air, I can smoke him from here. Yeah, all the way from Daytona. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the, thanks for the load-down. Okay. Have a great day. You too. Well, this is certainly a fly and I opener here today. I'll take it that. Boy, we're getting like, I just can't get over it. All these wild stories. A real hairy show. We have an open line in day. Maybe some of these guys are growing back there here because of Mitch Lewis. A lot of these guys were hairless to start listening to W. YOD and I was just growing it. 751 in day and one open line in Brower that 5-2. Oh. Oh, did that plug up my right ear? I mean, I'm the worst. It's working in reverse yet today. Yesterday it worked. So if it works the first time you figure out, do it again, forget it. Plugged up that ear, man. It just can't hear a thing. And by the way, it's 29 after 11. We are nothing. We got nothing in here today. No supplies, no first aid, no soup, no hamentation, zip-by-doodoo-doodoo. The cupboard is bare. And thanks a lot again, Tom. You little sleaze bag. God, is he a useless twerp? Mobile in Miami? Yes, the cups are number one, Neil. Yeah, right. Well, listen to Gavin. Less like, say, less like castor rules. Did you have an hairy show? I need to know something. Yeah. Did his hairy hairy hairy? I would think so. What do you think? He's old and hairy. Okay. So yeah, good call. Open line in date, 751WildWildD, what in Broward, 524 crank, and let's do a, let me get it. WildWildD. I expected Neil, please. Sure. Hello. Hello? Yeah. Neil? Yeah. Neil, listen. Ha ha ha. What's so funny? Ha. Just the changing your voice. It just was interesting. I don't know how I was talking to you. Well, that's the idea. Well, listen, Tom, what's going on with the witness? Call the witness. What's going on with him? Yeah, do you have a horse anymore? That's correct. Can you tell him what's going on? What does that mean? Well, we'll be looking forward to paper to go see race. Over night delivery, Friday night, 11th race. He finished second in our People's Horse Race back in November and the rule state that wouldn't the top horse can't either injured or is disappears, which is the case here. And I'm not too happy about it. But when that happens, the second place or is the next one. Is there, what was the reason for that? The reason is that Rod Lorenzo claimed him back and he was going to race him here one more time, but he had a little injury again. And he's shipping him up to Windsor and he's going to race him there and there are a lot of us who are not really pleased with Mr. Lorenzo because it's a big promotion. But he looks at it like a lot of people like it's a business and it's a good horse. He wants to make all of money with it. So it's, you know, it's just horse any good? Well, we'll see. We'll see. If in a second, the People's Horse Race will help the knees day by hand drive. And so we've got our People's Driver. All right, that's good. You're going to see, I guess you can be there for a night. Friday night, I'll be there tonight for the driver's show. Now we got Kevin Wallace and Bruce Ranger. Oh, yeah, so that's the paper. Right. And by the way, I'm heading out to the Yankee Expo game now, which I can go to the Cub game. But well, if you go to Mason, you can see all the Cub online. All right, thanks a lot. Maybe you can go to Vegas with that guy who won a trip now. Oh, he was so full. OK, I'd love 1131. Modern RAW hallucinating. Why should they be any different from me? I dreamed I won 1.7 million on the slots last night. I'm just counting. We just got like piles and piles, a hundred and 50s and 20s. And I'm slipping and counting and jumping up and down. And then I woke up, damn it. A Pobano Beach. And you're how you doing? OK. Have you ever seen the Robert Redford movie The Kennedy? Yeah. Don't you understand that everybody knows your voice by now. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. And what on the star line at Star IoT? You see when you have an disgusting, distinctive voice like you do, sir, and you do nothing but make professional. Even calling, make green on Saturday with your cocky ride. I mean, get serious. Give it a life. Star lines open. Star IoT. Let's do four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, guys. I mean, my ears are plugged up and I can still tell that guy. All right. The first, this second time caller. OK. I like to say, oh, women's up beautiful. All women's is beautiful. OK? Well, what is that? These cute ones, guys. They're a bunch of apples. Cuban guys are assholes. Yeah. Based on what? Because that is like, well, you're what? From Cuban, right? You're Cuban, but you're like George, in other words, you're a self-hating Cuban. No, no, not really. Some of them are fine. But I mean, all Cuban guys are assholes, sir? Yes, man. I accept you. Like that guy, I call about the young people there. Asals, because of the way they talk, that's crap. Yeah. You should go to New York. Right. I'm out there. Let him go to New Jersey. But to tell my convertible talk, I like it. Right. You know which one it is. Right. So, I mean, that's the best thing you should have. You convertible talk. You know, they're like, you be a man. We are the amazeers. How women like that do they? Special thing. They're like that special thing. Roll out. Bro, like a turtle, kind of like a little turtle. Yeah, even get what dreams thinking about. No, okay. All right, guys. You have a good luck to you, sir. Okay, you'll need it. 26 till noon at WIOD, where you're packing at gummas, wake, Julio. That's the question of the day. We have an open line at Broward, five, two, four, slice it before it's too late. God, almighty. How to how to George just turn his whole show into some disgusting, rotesc. And what do we have here? He asked, this is from the bakery no doubt. Holy Toledo. Look at that. Soup, I had about 4,000. Did Henry leave already? Henry's probably gone. Henry, you're a sleazebag, okay? And he's a look at the size of that thing. It's a gigantic, it's like the shape of a gigantic commentation with a star of David on there. And what does it say? It's unbelievable. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. And look at that, Cheryl. What is that? What is an acting? War war is that from? You look here too, but great. From kosher treats, what a guy. Thank you, sir. You're a great American and as I just haven't had a good forum. Thank you, outstanding. Oh, I'd see. I told you we'd make a comeback here. What is that? More home and toshin? Ah, ah. Huh? Oh, my ears are plugged up like you wouldn't believe like your toilet. Now, let me just mention again here. This is from who this is from our friend. Well, where is there a card on it? Open the bag up so I can give them a little thing here because he sent us a humankind to the size of Massachusetts. Is there a thing in there? It's from the pastry lane bakery, 1688 northeast, 164th in North Miami Beach, and 42 royal palm avenue in Miami Beach. And there's a huge humankind. It says unbelievable. It's got a star of David. It says Henry Burrow is a dumb guy on it. And Michelle's bakery at the foreambassitors 801 South Bayshore also sends us the real. None of those make believe hard as Iraq, but the real humankind. So take your pick. Boy, look at that. Aero of poor. And we got, oh, look at these man. Woo. Wow. We're going to convert everybody here today, but they all have to get in line and get circumcised first. Not too sure. 24 till noon at WIOD. If you own a nice shiny Nissan station wagon, not a convertible. Let's not talk about convertibles anymore. Just two years old, how do you feel if a car thief stole that baby? Well, for Tomo, this potential nightmare recently became a sweet revenge. The thieves who ripped off Tom didn't know he had a big surprise for him. A low jack police transmitter hidden in the bowels of that station wagon. So thieves said in Tom stole a Nissan of the stop-light police cars using their low jack police tracking computers surrounded them. Two thieves were arrested and Tom enjoyed immediate revenge like crazy. So I risk your car truck investment with a complete low jack prevent and retrieve system is affordable and links your car to the police low, the low jack police recovery network. Check it out today. Call a lane. You'll be happy to give you the info or she can set up the installation for your right over the old phone like magic. Call toll free. 1-800. Oh and same to you, Tammy. 157 at Wild. How are you doing? Oh, I'm doing okay. You know Monday's best in the old was great. I like the way that he cut. You took different calls from a bunch of different day. Okay. Well, what can I tell you? Is this Roger? This is Roger. Roger. The grip riding has to come on your show. We like this thing to you. Right. We like this thing to you. I regret. You don't come on. No one comes on here. Show the sports people and you come on the narrative. I've stayed on his show over twice. Yeah, you have on it. Listen to me. In two years, I've stayed over twice and I get nothing but grief for it. And always assholes call in and rip me and tell me and I think you're right. I think we all to stick to our own four and a half hours. What have we got? Right. Stay out of here. Rick, no, I'm tired of hearing how your problems are. Oh, I'm tired of it. The best of Ontario can't be Rick and so good hatch to be you. We can't hear you during the week. We want to hear you on Saturday on a day off. And it's Rick and so it's sometimes on Saturday. It's a thing. That's really bad. He's a club Andy who works in the Louis and is liquor store. He's a cliff junior. Go back to house. Go. Boy, talk about heavy duty suction. Let's go to North Miami. Hello. Yeah, hey, me, your first time calling. OK. Quick, quick, quick questions. Where do you get the good home in touch? Where do I get him? Yeah. I don't know. The Paul's bakery was one of them on the beach and on North Miami Beach. OK. And the other one is Michelle's bakery. Michelle's. Right. You know what I'm going to say is that your whole genos and blowing your ears like that, you'll definitely blow your ear drums out. Exactly. I'm going to work on it. I'm going to work on it right now. And as I told you that one. And I know you'd done, but I want to close somebody to his bakery quick. It worked. Oh, right. That's good. OK. Can I close somebody to do space here? Rob, you're a data entry douchebag. I think, plan. OK, see you. OK, that's going to do it. I'm going to do a closed pin on my nose and talk like a tiny cruise for about a half an hour. And then I called my breath and suck up a malaluca plant and see what happens. Well, I look at Chuck Meyer all spipped up in his blue and white Wiod jacket. Whoo. Man, am I impressed? Just because the pirates traded away John Smiley because they can't afford to play the good players. They got right at Bobby Bonilla because they couldn't afford to pay him. And next year there'll be no Barry Bonds or Doug Drabek. They traded away the pen. They traded away their life yesterday. Because they can't afford to win the pen anymore. That's the problem with the pirates. Is there a bunch of cheap skates? And now they're going to have to pay anyway because Jim Leeland's going to be changed, Vulcan. And they're going to have to buy like thousands of cartons of cigarettes at the seminal Indian reservation just to keep his ass happy and keep him there until he comes here next year. I think he's coming. Rick and Sods, we look meat at the top 10 tabloid trash headlines are next or is that Heinrich and Sods. Jim and Joe on football talk and Hank previews the N.C. He's a double A's A to 11 tonight. This is how Florida's news. OK. What's wrong with him? Nothing. That is good question. What is that about a sixth call now? We have an open line. Now I know you wonder why he got his ass canned over there. We have an open line at Broward 524Wild and out of town 1-800-944. That's got to be at least a third call and he just a malcontent and a sour push. And any place that has to do with parties, he ain't to go to be working there. OK. Hollywood. Neil, how you doing? OK. A couple of quick things. I went to the ball game Saturday at Joe Robby. We've heard very little except for the first few minutes of the show which you would have thought we'd have had tons of calls about it today with all the stuff with the mound and the bullpen. We've had like maybe three calls the whole day about it which indicates to me that this place is out to lunch. Actually, I thought it was a real good time and I think once they work, the king's out is going to be a fun place to see upon. Yeah, right. This kid Stanker, which for the Yankees, hit a grand slam late in the game and it took about two seconds to get out and let feel the marlins get a couple of big right handed Paul. Like Andre Dawson? Yeah, like a Dawson or a Kent Saker or a field or somebody. We might be looking at 55 fingers. All right. Could be a lot of fun. The other thing is the biggest choke on South Florida radio has got to be a Waxy 106 as you know. Yes, I do know. The other night, I happened to punch them up and the guy can't, they do some kind of a all-request house party show, you know, with the Fony can sound effects and stuff and I can know what the crowd noise. OK, so the lie, I am not a Nazi. Yeah. OK, so the, you know, we've been credible. This little, this cart came out. This guy placed the chalk that was on plate of cart. And it was real Ron radio sounding guy comes out and says, Waxy, presto, request a. Wow. And this little girl must have been four years old, because that's why my name is Crystal. And I'd like to hear Crystal Blue Chris Waxy. Oh, no. Yeah, but all the crowd noise drowning around and stuff. Yeah. The brain surgeon on the air comes back about three seconds later. You'll be by Tommy James by Sean Dell. He comes back to, I think so. And he comes back to the Waxy station for music and fun. Waxy 106. Unbelievable. Yeah. They should be shot. I want to tell you right now, there's only one guy over there who does all the voices. OK, you know who it is. Yes, got you. You didn't want to start saying these things. Yeah. That's new. Newling, honor of that. I at some point, you don't necessarily have to do it today. Could you play that Ricky Ricky, your show really blows to the tune of Louis Louis? Oh, no one for words, wherever spoken. I haven't heard that in a while. We need a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. Hi. What the hell ever happened to that thing? I don't know, but you're in a break. I'll dig it up. The shoe fits man. Thanks a lot for your better. OK. Bye. Field is 146 at WI-D's. That's right. If he wouldn't have said that, that thing would have like fallen off and never never land. What they'll happen to that cart? Why? Sometimes I feel. See, we need that thing on the wall. You know, that's not going to get us. In the other room, in a control room, they get him like a $3,500 big hot to song in the dance thing with 80 million racks on the wall. Because those are the spots. Those are the commercials, OK? That's the bread and butter. And here, the bread and butter of our show, all of these millions of cards, all of these bits, all of stuff that the people listen to the stick in station for, oh no, we got to afford that. That's big bucks, man. Maybe next year. Not. So it goes to show you just how much they care. All right. That's a good game. They give you a big song at a dance. So, there are all behind you. They love you as long as you got some numbers. And that's about it. I don't know what they'll happen to that thing, George. You don't think that thing is in with all the Rick and Sud stuff. Because if it is, that would really frost my big fat ugly, grotesque, pernegated butt. I'll tell you that right now. Well, we'll see if we can find it. Man. 1-48 at WIO. The water exchange came about a week ago. Put one of those G-O-A reverse osmosis systems in my new home. And guess what? All of a sudden, I can drink straight from the tap. Good, clear. In fact, they also tied it into my big new expensive refrigerator. So the water that comes out of the fridge and all the ice cubes that come out of the automatic ice cube dispensing thing in the door. Same great, clear water. I mean, what's the sense of going out and buying bottled water? And then like putting crappy ice cubes from the water from the tap line, it goes into, you know what I'm saying? It's crazy. So instead of spending half your salary on bottled water, check out the G-O-L-A drinking water system from the water exchange. It takes about 40 minutes to install. No mess, no fuss. You don't have to poshky around with it all the time. They come one time a year, they come to your house, change the filter in the unit, and that's all. Day in and day out, you and your family. Great, good tasting, safe drink and water for just 18.95 a month. All right now for a free in-home taste test. Roy Firestone's father, what the hell does he do in personations of his son? What does he do? Chuck? He's on the beach. Ha ha ha ha, good. Chuck's gonna be talking to everybody who's not a work starting a tomorrow. So that should carry him through like September. Man, this tea is killing me, can you hear it? No. Smell this. No, seriously, this is just good. So good thing I didn't listen to her. See, I'm always confused on that too drink hot or cold. When you have like a congested throat, it's like it's like feed a fever, starvacold or starvac. Whatever that thing is, you know, I was good confused. Of course with me, I always like, it's always feed, you know, feed a cold, feed a fever. Just feed anything, all right? Over the weekend, man, I eat, I eat, I eat, I enjoy it too. Boca on a deadline, I can't believe it. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Hey Neil. Hey, don't. Okay. What a good, bless you. Oh, look at that, a green one. Hey, I want to know something. Yes. We're talking about signs of the lamp before. Yeah. Yeah, what's your favorite like horror movie of all time or whatever? Favorite horror movie of all time is Dracula. Dracula? Which one? The original one with Bella Legos? Oh yeah. Yeah. Do you ever see it? Yeah, I actually have. It's great. Yeah, love. And your favorite movie is? Oh, well, modern movie. Did you say you said horror not horror movie? Horror. Oh, very funny. No, it's not funny. Just I just want to clarify. Okay, I'm glad. What's your favorite horror movie? Which one? Debbie does your field? Yeah, yeah. No, Debbie does both action from both. Oh, okay. Okay. Actually, I like to, I like to, like a few new Dracula. It's worth watching. They're coming out with a... Can I say something new seriously? It's all with respect. Yeah. It's like Sherlock Holmes. Basil Ratthbone with Sherlock Holmes. All these other people that come on and do these phony Sherlock Holmes. It's El Stinko, okay? Oh, I know it should be. And the same with Dracula, like Peter Cushing wants to be Dracula and all these other forget it. There was only one Dracula and that was Bella Legosie. Well, you know the three new Dracula movies coming out. Oh, and that's two years. Or get it. Yeah. What are they going to do? Dick Bella up again? No, I think the stake out of his heart. I don't know. They're doing all kinds of new weird things. Put him back in a poppy field again. See if they can pump him up a little bit? Yeah, it's a push-up. Yeah, I want your else ask you, what is his tree fever that you're talking about? Three fever, man. We got it. Malaluka fever. Oh, yeah, that's what it was. Why, you got it? No, well, I've been sick for a long time lately. What? Two months. I don't know. Maybe it's going around, though. Yeah, I think it is. Maybe it's just a crud. By the way, you're supposed to drink hot tea. How well? You've been sick for two months and you're telling me you're giving me a price. Okay? I've been sick for something else, that I don't know. From what? I don't know. I don't know. Well, what do you mean from something else? Like some kind of a sexually transmitted like you got a canker on your thing or something? Ah, good. No. Okay, well, we don't want to discuss it then. It's almost the brunch time. It's almost the tea time. No, it's not. I, but if you're not. It's not. It's just one. You have to drink hot tea. You're sure? Yeah, I have positive. Well, tomorrow I'm going to bring you like 50,000 tea bags. I'm going to bring you a big thing of hot water and I'm going to just, when it doubts, it's called it out. Also, I'm going to burn that crap out of it. It's the last thing I do, man. Also, listen, you have to drink, um, drink. You don't, you don't sound sick. I don't sound sick. You feel sick? I'm getting over it. Okay. Also, in your tea, put hot, hot, um, put honey and lemon. You sound like my grandma. No, I'm serious, eh? I'm not. I'm a woman. Well, you know, I used to do some acting and, uh, used to do some acting? Yeah, really? Yeah. Uh-huh. What do you like a waiter in between acting jobs now or what? No, no, no, I go up north every summer and do it to disobey. Oh, I see. You know, I had a school and I'm out of school. Yeah. And, uh, and what, what, what's supposed to do to, where is it like in Providence town? No, it's in, uh, Binghamton. Oh, Binghamton, why's not too far away? Yeah. Uh, before you go on stage, just go to drink hot tea with honey in it. You drink hot tea with your honey? Well, yeah, uh, that sounds good. Yeah. Well, listen, you have a great day. And thanks, Wally, your remedies. Great. See ya. See ya. Bye. Enough of doctor. Everybody's in a spiring, and it's firing doctor. You know, in a perspiring doctor. So tomorrow, even though this will probably be all gone since I'm about 24 hours away from perfect health, how do we get into this? Just because I'm clear my throat a few times today and right away, the audience who are so protective about my health or so concerned, uh, because they have no life with their own. Uh-huh. Oh, look at that. A purple one. Matching my vet. All day long, I've been working to get that particular one out and I find a gut of that and the flim too. North Miami Beach. How you doing? I'm doing great now. A recommendation. I just got an application for a satellite dish. Yes? And uh, where do you live? North Miami Beach. Oh, it looked to you. I'm an expert. But uh, you get to satellite dish and whatever, but what kind of services are the scrambling service you recommend? They have different packages. Do you get the satellite TV week? Yeah. Get the super package. Yeah, super star connection. Yeah. Depends on what you want. I can't tell you what you want. Well, I'm getting mine from my right. Yeah. But that's gotten that has nothing to do with it. One day, one day, I hope you up. Look at that satellite TV week. They have one page and every edition that lists all the different services. And you figure out what you want. What was that? Are you there? Did he just expire? Continue. Continue what? What are you doing? What the hell was that? I'm bringing up from myself. Hey. Oh, look at that. You didn't mean. A line green one. Like I said, I'll open up the magazine and figure it out for yourself. Okay. Can't stand these people or like so helpless. Like Kim Weston. If I had time, I would play that. Don't you, you know, any of you have a mind of your own. Don't you have like any kind of, get up and go. Just went and down, figure it out. Sit down with that damn TV satellite week and look at the thing and figure out what you want. You want the all of superstations and the Denver five and you want the WPIX and New York and WSBK and Boston WGN and Chicago. Do you want to SS, say, do you want to satellite sports network with all those things where you can blank out in the summer on all the baseball? Or do you just want to go ahead and get the illegal chip put in and go to jail for 20 years? What do you want? You got to figure these things out for yourself. I can't sit here on the other end of some stupid telephone on a radio and tell you what you want. I mean, I know what I want, but I don't know what you want. And speaking of that, I'm going to be calling right after the show for my free, Alloginetic poster. By the way, I noticed the name of one of the products that they're advertising were or our friend Orlando was standing here like almost starting to make stargoneys called, Grab a tan or grab this, I think it was called for short. So I'm going to be calling and I'll get that poster and let the audience in and we'll find out just who it might be and that poster. I have a feeling already know who it might be, who's always denying that it's him and he's probably on a way to Milan right now. Can you imagine what they're going to do with that young man in Italy? Woo! When in Rome, do was the Romans do Orlando? But he just came back from California and he said, when in California, do is the, anyway, that's going to do it. We got Chuck Meyers sitting in for a Rick and Sutsis afternoon, Rick's on his honeymoon, Sutsis having an exciting vacation as usual in Prague City or somewhere. Being the real Bond V. Vont and Gallivan, man around town, the Yahoo that he is. 101 ways to beat DUI with William ahead, noted DUI lawyer. And we got more lawyers on with the Chuck today. We got the employee rights handbook. Now you got to ask him about the sex-re-half hour they stuck me on with, okay, what are my rights about that? No extra money? Get it in writing, man, a sex-re-crap-e-half hour for that geriatric old fort is been picking his nose for 17 years. Manage on Sports Talk in Denis Erickson with Hank, I can't believe it tonight. This is out Florida's news, traffic and weather stations, news talk radio. 610 WIOD. My annual Ford Latter-Bale in the Palm Beach. Hey guy from the bus from Del Rey, how do you like that? He just got home. Cooper City. How are you doing, man? Pretty good. I think we just lost one of our old farts here, I think that was it. A fun business where his final words. I think so. About the end of the replay he had at the top and didn't vote for. Right. I thought Tantula on the news net yesterday. He said he doesn't agree because the soon is a crucial call for the news net. The crucial call comes. All the fans woke up to see. Yeah. So we did vote for it. I think Doppin did vote for it. Well I don't understand. Well what did the vote? The vote was 17 to 11. I thought that was 17 to 11 against keeping it. Right. But Doppin was. But Doppin was part of the 11. Well then I had a wrong in the paper. Oh, because I was watching the court. Can't look seven. Yeah. Well of course that we know they're always right. Well I just want to say how you guys doing. Doing a great job. I don't think you're having great life. Okay. 11 31 at WI would do. We have an open line in Broward. 524 Chuck Myers 2 8. Yes. I think that was right. Those are 17 teams. Were the ones I was confused. They needed 21 to keep it. What kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? How did the bird send their vote? Oh, seriously. They needed 21 to keep it. Oh man. That is just pathetic. So like I said, leave it to Shula. We know what's going on. We don't need no riots at your lobby. Stadium we got enough to generate silver there already. Now can you imagine with all those drunk silver there from Monday night football? What it's going to be like one bad call. My pad Haggardy and it's pad Haggardy still doing her. She's like retired. He's about 100 years old. Who is the referee? That's like the good one. That's like really knows his crap and he's like, What the hell is his name? I used to know all the referees names. No, I don't care because they're also bad. Red cash and I think he's the one it like is a dead or something. Pad Haggardy. I think he's still around. He's about 600 years old. The good one. Good work. Come on, George. You know the stuff referees national football league. His name is Tom Bob Batead Alice Jo John Jack Ed. Now that ain't it Nick Saul Julius. Come on. A real good. We know the one. He's got like a real, a shirt of looking like when it's a timeout. He throws those fists out there mad like he's going to punch somebody right in the old Wazoo. What the hell is his name? National football league. Come on. You guys can do it. Jerry. See, I just got the first name. Jerry. Geez. I want to tell you something. All you young people in the audience. There's nothing that worse than getting old and seen. Okay. Jerry. Jerry. Jerry. She got the first name now. I can count another ten minutes. Come up with the second name. Jerry. Lewis. His name is Jerry. Somebody will come up with a real fight. WI did. You know what? Yes. I see him. Jerry. That's not that guy. No. No hold on a minute. You're wrong. Jerry. Mark. Mark. Mark. Right. Leave it to Chuck. All right. No. Seemons is that old guy who's ways about 20 pounds. He looks like he's anorexic. Sir. Yes. No. Seemons. It's Jerry Mark. Okay. I thought everyone likes Jerry Seemons. No. He looks like he's for how he looks like he just came from when more villagers. Yeah. But he's the one that puts on the best show. No. Jerry Mark. He knows he acts like he's in full charge. Man. He's always full of crap. He acts like he's not going to take any crap for many butty. And he's alive. And these other guys, most of them are like 100 years old. Well, this is true. This is true. But time to fuel. It was a big supporter of the... You're right. I was wrong. Like for the 80th time today. I see. I was reading the list of four in against. And I assumed that I was reading them backwards because I was 17 to 11 but they needed 21 for us. And they only got 17. What about your cramps? Yeah. There's a bunch of cramps. I bet you the jet's voted against it. Oh. Look at this. My tail is on the phone. Like a piece of crap too. It's going out on. Okay. Now what the hell is he doing in there with that stuff? What is in that thing? What is in that thing? Nothing. Oh, seriously. What is in it? Cheeseburgers from Wayne Arnold's. And can you explain to me what they're doing in there? Is there a special reason did you get fed enough to your church? Are you like polishing in there or something? What are they? What are they? Why are they there? Murray sent them over because he's such a nice guy. You know, if we ever find the remedy for our sales department, we're going to tell you right now. It will be one of the great. It'll be better than curing baldness. I'll tell you that right now. What's the remedy? Remany? You idiot? I could have worked. It's not going to work. So you have to like spend money on the station to get like anybody to mention your name. 25 till noon at a W.I.O.D. This is a commercial for Emily Motor Oil. My whole family uses ammo. I just need different ammo. One of the places we did, right now. That's what they're doing back in a sales department. 21 till noon at W.I.O.D. A wonderful porrum to you, to you and yours, and made the home entache in your week today. Be the beginning of a sweet and tomorrow. We have an open line of day, 75194. That was kind of sweet. Wasn't it here's a lady in Boca? Hello, me. Yes, ma'am. Happy tomorrow. Uh-huh. I feel so old today. Meal? Yes. I wanted to call you since last week when people were calling you show about money. And don't forget, don't sit around in a wet bathing suit. It's a good way to get a bladder infection. Are you in fact? No. Go ahead. People were calling you show about mo green and bugsy. Yeah, the same person I guess. Well, right? There was a scene at the end of Bugsy. And a net bending is sitting alone in the casino. And these three guys approach her. And she doesn't know that Bugsy's dead yet. And this guy says, telling her, he said, well, you know, we're going to be taking over out here and bump upon. He says toward this is mo. He's going to be taking over. So that's actually new Bugsy was dead. And I just figured that that was mo green. I don't think so. No, it's just. Well, I mean, just cut it. I've been mo from the three stages. No, because the guy was right when Hyman Roth is doing, I think he's sitting on the couch there with the pipes attached to his thing. And his heart and his oxygen and bug Davies next to him. And he's sitting there and he makes that little speech about how mo green, you know, what out there in the desert. And it was not there. And he built his empire up out of nothing in the middle of the desert. And that's got to be Bugsy's single. So I thought, rather, it's probably just a coincidence. I don't know. Well, but I don't think you'd want him around no more. Well, my husband took me to the Yankee Games Sunday. And I thought Kevin Mars. Yeah. You're right. Now we're talking. You're right. You're right. You're right. Kevin Mars is the only thing on Yankee's worth looking at, of feeling or thinking about. Hey, they ripped off Kevin Wall, it's huh? I got to tell you, are you go to pop it up type person? Oh, all the time. Well, I'm going to tell you something. First of all, my Bruce Rangers are good guy and a good journeyman driver day in a day out. And the nice guy's got a nice, secure it like here. But I got news for Kevin Wallis is like, you know, I don't want to hurt Bruce. He's feeling because he's a good guy. But Kevin Wallis is heads and shoulders about Bruce and his hair is better too, okay? But I mean, you know, we get this exciting last tenth or tenth raise. And Kevin wins it like a champion. Okay? I mean, you open the last, like, another big comeback. Like Jeff Craig, we made last week. And here, Bruce is whipping and flailing and Gary Lewis. If he wouldn't have dropped his shawl on the ground, he would have hit it that horse one more time. And he would have won go tango and he'd gotten third and beat Bruce. Yeah, we have this long photo. I think they even adjusted the finish line and Bruce gets third. Now it's tied, okay? So if it's tied, have a tie break or race, Friday, etc. You're right. Sometime. I don't think it's there. That's the only way to do a tie. I mean, you don't play a hockey game until the end of the game. And if it's tied three to three, they flip a coin to see who won. Or they find out which team paid the most to get in the stadium. I mean, they play it out. I don't think it's good. It would have been exciting yourself. So instead, they have the Ken Williams, this pork you pine is. Crazy, Kanock, he comes up with this idiotic deal where whoever, whichever driver, if you bet two dollars across the board on each one, have a pay off was the most on the five races. Well, what have they got to do with that? They have no control over that. I know. And the horse that paid 13, 60 handshake, canterwood was like three to one in a morning line. He shouldn't have paid no 13, 60. That's because the people were stupid. That's all. Well, I don't think it's fair that we're getting overnight delivery for our horse. Well, don't get me started on that. Oh, please. Forget it. We'll be right back. Really? Now you're starting up. All right, starting up. And see, the thing of it is now all these 700 or how many people that are involved in our deal, which has my name out it by the way, those people have got to continue coming out till the end of the regular meeting now. Every night that overnight delivery races, if they want to be eligible to share in the pot, okay? And I think we're going to have a few of those people, like maybe 695, a little bit disgruntled, because overnight delivery has let's just keep our fingers crossed and hope for a mirror for them. Oh, if you can, they'd have to put them in with like 20 year old men. Like with chicken picker and dick McComba, you're right. All right, Neil. Well, let's hope for the best in Kevin Wallace's God. Just don't forget it. Whenever I call you all the people I work with, Rick, me the next time. Why? Well, how do they know you call me then? Because they hear me. They say that I'm a real mealy. So what's wrong with that? Then what are they doing, listening? Okay, that's the, that's your answer if you're, if it was so bad to call me, then what the hell are they doing, listening with their pathetic little lives? Well, I'd just like to call all the book or a tone letter carrier's a bunch of douchebag. Okay, and by the way, happy point. Happy point. Happy point to you. Bye bye. Bye. Okay. Don't you be knocking her. She's one of the best colors we've ever had on this show. I love her. I mean, she's capable of actually having a little dialogue about a whole bunch of different crap, not just one of these one to bet. Oh, we got 42 inches of pack powder up there and ask, Ben Rick. God, if I have to hear any more about pack powder up your nose, or up your butt or any place else, I don't care what anybody says, man, they're like 75 people out there who give a crap about that. It's boring. No other than, no other they took his tent away. My any, hello. Yeah, he's doing it. Okay. Yeah, I like to talk about how much a rip off the bomb is. Yeah, go ahead. I'll give you like two hours. It's really bad over there. It's really, really. Yeah, and the thing about off Vegas and Atlantic City is for all these old people to go to their early birth. They can eat like kings. If we got gambling here, because it would only be 2 and 399, or you can eat. Uh huh. Right. There's a lot of people out there that just go and eat in the casino instead of going to the store. But, absolutely. And the buffet is when you go up into buffet manner, like all kinds of people, all ages, including some of the old parts to come up there and have that $3 or $350 buffet, like it palestation and everywhere. Everywhere. You can't beat it. You can go back and eat enough for like 42 people. I don't care. Yeah, I got friends to live out there. They come in and tell them to people that just go and stay in the hotel. You can't stay in a hotel for 15, 20 bucks a night anywhere else. Right. That's right. Hotels are cheap. The food of the M.O.S. give it to you. And you don't have to gamble. You don't have to go in there and spend a dime if you don't want to. That's it. I went out there for two weeks. I didn't gamble and we spent a hundred bucks. Well, like I said, thank the Lord. We don't have to put up with all that money and excitement down here. Thank God that the governor bumpkin lost that 23 bucks is a 12 year old child. So we won't let us get sucked into those evil things here, man. I think we're going to get it in a few years. Hey, listen, once the whole state is bankrupted in about six months, then we'll get anything we want. That's what I told you years ago. That's what it would take. And we're almost there, man. We are all reclosing the schools. We're closing the doors. We're closing the governor's nose. I mean, we're done. We're history. Okay. Good luck. Okay, there he goes. Quick, I think his phone was tab. Ooh. Which one is this? Oh, this is the thing from Cavalry, Arusticana. Two-way, Michael comes in and says, What's up, Anthony? What's up? Anthony says, two-way, Papa, two-way. Oh, oh, oh. 1146. Oh, 1146, a WIOD. Let's talk about the exercises a little bit later, okay? So there's this priest with his head spinning around. Jamie, why you do this to me, Jamie? 14 to God. What does the guy say? Can he help an older boy, father? Does nobody says? Something like that. Father, Kira. Father, Damian Kira. See that, I can remember. I can't remember Jerry Markbright from the NFL, but I can't remember every line of dialogue in the movies that count. Like Lee J. Cobb. Answer the question, Father, paranoia. Great line. Great actor. Lee J. Cobb was so great, and then they bring in George C. Scott, that exercise three. One of the most overrated actors. He's patent man. He's out. Even when he was looking for his daughter in the porno film, he was still patent, okay? He just said something about that nose. Anyway, if the porters who got their nose in your business, like in your driver's license, and in your whatever, then call the ticket defense team. If you pay that ticket instead of fighting it man, you got problems. You think it like washes it away, forget it. You get points on your record, your insurance can go up, and of course you can wind up with suspended elections or revoked, whichever comes first. And if you go to traffic school, you're just spitting your wheels because all traffic school cases appear on your permanent motor vehicle record, and just one ticket alone can increase your insurance rates 30 to 40%. I'm getting choked up just thinking about what they're doing to people. For just 99 bucks, the ticket defense team will send their expert attorneys in the court to defend you to go to bad for you, even smokey burgers never pinch it like this man, and you don't even have to be there. So they really do a great job. Check it out. Next time you get nailed by the porkers out there with their radar and their vascar and shooting their thing between your legs down the road atcha, call the ticket defense team and let them fight back for you. In day 377-8326-3717, any place out of date it's 1-800-800-800. President George Bush, you know when I'm out there can't pay me. You start! Sometimes my energy gets as long as my rating. That's why I always carry up a big cock of bet. George Bush's campaign trail mix. It's my source of primary energy. It's all a nutty proposal, sweet nails, the rich flavor of capital grains, and it's a big deep enough. You might even find some fruits. That's it. There I am. He's me a regular guy. Yes, George Bush's campaign trail mix. A little hard to swallow, but it's just what the spin doctor orders. Mmm, it's done. Oh yeah. Look at the box of it this morning. No nuts. 1151 at WIOD. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Uh-huh. Happy for me. Happy for him to use, sweetie. Happy home and passion. I wanted to ask you how you felt about on guiding light. Yes. About Harley and Malette finally doing the horizontal line. Well, yeah, I mean it's a little anti-climactic if you've partnered expression. There is, I never seen a show where it is like 20 years of foreplay between everybody involved. And there you know. Yeah, after the dream. And by the time they finally get around to it, you're so bored already. Well, then I mean forget it. I'm sorry. He's just too hot for words. I'm one. He's mad. Oh, man. My lunch is coming back up. Oh, I got kissy stuck in my throat. Oh, come on. He's like, he's like, Ron's your roommate, junior man. He's a furball. And he. And once you've got to dump those crutches already. Uh, I know. He's hanging onto those bigs. Well, you know, he broke his leg for real some time back. Well, I know because they didn't show it on the show at all. Right. I said, so they got to be there. They're probably dying to get rid of those crutches and stuff. And Roger did remember Roger was slump it around with a cane for a while there. Well, he also had like something happened to in real life. Oh, yeah. But he maybe a rock should fall on his head or something. But he only kept that cane for a couple of minutes. You know, it's Malab got these for like 18 weeks. Right. Right. Um, I know it's also going to ask you about your pool. Are you going to go with the heat pump still? No, I'm doing, um, propane gas if they ever get around to putting it in over there at People's gas. Oh, pain gas. You're going to pay about $130 a month. That's okay. That's not bad. That's not bad. Hey, when you make the big bucks honey, you just, uh, the economy they need my money. I got to go and circulate it. Oh, well, must be nice. Yeah. That's not nice. It's so driving me nuts in this place. Well, if, um, you go with, if you don't go with solar then I'm just going to have to call your douche bag now. I'm not. I'm not going with solar. And I put no holes in my roof, okay? Oh, there's not that many holes. Well, I'll tell you if I live long enough for them to get all the permits for to put in my, uh, my propane. I mean, who knows what's going to happen. Here it's already the middle of March. I've been there over a month now. I've been there five weeks. And I could have already been using that pool, but I'm telling you in plantation. Don't get me started again. Don't get me started. Every, every morning when I put my dogs out, there's an inspector to see if they got their permit to squat. Well, that's because they have to make sure that it's not going to explode on you, Neil. Yeah, Tom, to explode on this. Have a great day. Okay, deal. Hi. Yeah, all right. They're protecting me. They're protecting the public there. Like those 85 palm trees. I got to put up to protect the public from the unsightly top of my satellite dish as they drive over that 116th of a mile and peer through my malalukas and see, oh, I wonder if what's that? Oh, too late. Like if you blink, you wouldn't see it. But let's have him put up about 75,000 palm trees back there. Okay. Let's dig up the whole goddamn backyard. By the way, my grass is coming back nicely. Thank you. Slowly, but nicely. And Chris Rollins, by the way, our miracle berry man was right. This busy, all these people keep coming all water like crazy. Well, you're in wrong. You're crazy. It's just like wasting the water. That's all. Once a week, 60 minutes in man, it, uh, I watered it the other day and it's doing it now. It's like dancing and the water, too. For a lot of deal. You know, I have been on hold for about half an hour, man. Wow. A lot of calls here today. Sir, just hold your horses. Oh, they say a poppin'o. I hate to, uh, I hate to make you up chuck the lunch, but I have unfortunately a report of one of your best friends in the whole world being back in town. Plastic man is back in town. Oh, no. He's doing what? He is doing what? He is now with the WRMF as the same. Oh, that's not back in town. Why, why do people in Palm Beach up there think that that's back in town? No, no, no. I live in Broward. So what would you say back in town? He's back in the area. Uh, far not far enough away, but close. He's still loving him, Broward, and he says that his sales area as well as being manager is his old accounts into Miami, Broward area. Well, I can't think of any of those. He couldn't listen. If you were starving in the desert, he couldn't sell you a big bottle of snapple for a dime. Okay. I mean, the man is just incredible. But his hair is perfect. He's just to be exactly. He never has a hair out of place. And I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. You inspired me, sir. I'm not the card. I know exactly what you got. Yep. Go right. You can play it. I'll be more happy. Okay, give my big kiss on the phone he lived for me. Listen, you eat his douche bag and keep it up in the old degrees. Okay. Bye-bye. Look, already feels. It's a nerd. It's Wing Marnell. No, it's plastic man. The loudest man in the world. Oh, plastic man. With his faithful sidekick, a hipster fight radio personalities. Sales manager is in clients. In the number-ending struggle to increase sales. Fill their fortunes. And maintain that close-up smile. This week, plastic man. A hipster arranged a real mode broadcast. Well, it looks like that time again. Time to go out and explore strange new ways to build the client at a dough. Golly plastic man, do you think we can do it? Have faith, my little friend. If there's money to be made, we'll be there. Later that day we'll decline. When you see quite this, you pay us lots of money. And we'll see, too, it's a Neil Rogers. It comes to your house seeing the star-spangled banner. Actually, kids would leave game. We are, I don't know plastic now. Be, think me, real good, do it. No problem. I have that man right where I want him. I'll just use my close-up smile to persuade him to do it. And if that doesn't work, we can always send a hip strap for him. Headle drive him nuts. Pull the annoying plastic man. That just straighten him out. OK. We'll go outside. Join our Super Zero's next week. When you'll hear them say to our traffic apartments, hey, good looking. What's it going to take to this with spots around? The adventures of plastic man and the hipster plastic man and the hipster action figures so separately. And both gone, long gone, long gone. Matt, they must put all these people through some kind of a serious exam before they heard him for sales here. Like they got a register zero on the Richter scale, zero or into minus column. That Hibnick man, we'll see a superstar or what. And what are fresher? What a free loader at the ballgame's man and a cheap drunk beside. He was the best. He was the best between him and John Lynch, the two of them could like drink the whole country dry. Oh, sorry about that, John. That's part of our Irish mafia, John Lynch. Good guy, cheap drunk. Fort Lauderdale. Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. I think maybe I can clear this moe green thing up here. Outside of grown people crawling around on their hands and knees and acting like five year old juveniles precludes my attending our annual Christmas party. Yes, sir, go ahead. OK, Neil. Did you read the latest book out of the judge who wrote a biography? About 800 times. What autobiography? Well, I read that. I read one about him. No, but I'd sure like to read the new one about all his boyfriends. I mean about the stuff. That's OK. It came like a vision to me about two in the morning. There was a chapter in there about the mafia. And in that chapter, they described when the fuzzy people got killed. Yeah. And there were three men. There you go. Right, little little mood music. I like that, I like that. There are three men from the Jewish mafia that killed them. One guy's name was Moe Something. Larry and Curly. Right, and the other guy's name was Something Green. And there was a third guy. Pumpsy Green, you used to play for the red song. I think that was him. Her name is Brother Moicha. Uh-uh. I, I, Pumpsy had a brother Moicha. It would have been strange family. Go ahead. Right, Tom. Mario Poozo put the two names together and got Moe Green. And it, it was an amazing thing. I figured it out. That's where Moe Green came from. Great homework, sir. Even Shilaw-Combes will be impressed. That's that is true. And have a great life. I was like to say Mark Prudders. My brother, while you are a major dude. Thanks. Have a great life. Happy for a. Elaine Eptor, who would know a humankind from her boyfriend's nose and quite frankly, have ever seen the two of them together. I wonder if her boyfriend's got like Poppy Seeds and his nose, along with all that here. Anyway, Elaine's got the noon WIOD nose. Rick and Saud's, Laura Corn is back with her Corns and her book 237 intimate questions that every woman should ask a man. Like are those things really ever going to fall out of your nose, Curry, Curry, Curry, what is your name, Curry? And news around her planet with Rick and Saud's a staff to know. Sunny and Joe on Sports Talk at 605 and Dave County State Attorney, the illustrious the Ebullient the Lord, Janet Reno with the very large Hank Goldberg 811 o'clock tonight. This is out Florida's news. DRAPIC WZTA Miami Beach, Fort Lauderdale in the Bomb beaches is the best morning show in South Florida. I think I didn't get the 9th year on an AM station as a hero in my book. You're like, hey, time is required if you got no problem with me. Even the other morning shows listen to the Theorodges show on Monday to 4. I hope you beat me in the ring. You're better than I am. Well, what can we say about that? I am that him right. 12 o'clock 6 o'clock WIOD. And you remember the time I saw Joey and Wendy Dixie that night and I came on the year that's like a couple of months ago and I mentioned it and I'm sure it was him. I'm positive and we got all these different, um, wildly, uh, conflicting stories about Joey. Does anybody care? A sunrise. Will now that I kiss Paulie's gone and where George is out of his mind, I guess. I kiss Bill Clinton is the only one with a little full skin. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? I'm out here in beautiful sunrise today just now. Who the hell is there? Who is this? This is Mr. Anoncer. Oh, well, isn't that wonderful? I'm anoncer just like you, Neil. Well, that's great. What station do you work at, Exxon? No, I don't work at it, Exxon. I'm self-employed and I just did that little package. This is not quite a little, very good. Well, I mean, you're like, how to work on a beach. Good. Join the club. Let me tell you something. Go ahead. I am a virgin. I mean, a virgin collar with your fabulous show. And I would just like to tell you about this. For a moment, I mean, absolutely. Can you believe I talk like this? Yes. Absolutely ridiculous. Fuck, meeting that I saw today as I was driving off the sea horse expressway. I'm talking about these sawdress, of course, Neil. Don't I really sound official? Anyway, I was cleaning off the sawdress expressway. I'm going to be in Neil. Hold your foot, boss. What is this? What is this? What is being bangin' drag or what? Well, I'm filthy. Guy. Anyway, I'm coming off the sea horse expressway at sunrise. You're coming off a something. I'll write if it's a three day drunk. Well, no, I'm, I'm, I'm, I haven't had a drink in here. Right. Anyway, I'm coming off the sea horse expressway. I'm getting off to my left. And what do I see? But there must have been more pigs than in a pigpin. Neil, I didn't have to drive through there. I had to roll through there. And guess what Neil? I heard the reason that the police people over is to see if they have like, they're going at fighters that are hot. And now if you take it. Right. What if the meaning of those steel? They have the hotometer. And if your thing is too hot, man, you're your history. I'll pay you, you did. Guys, these guys feel so, they're must have been, they're must have been at least a dozen. Who is this? This is Mr. Anotra. No, seriously, who is this? We've got to know who this is. Who is this? I wouldn't repeat my name on the, on the air. Even if I had your paycheck. Yeah, I bet you would. About 20 times you'd repeat it. Then you'd only wouldn't have to repeat it again. Well, you know, Neil. Ha ha ha ha. It's like this. Who is this? All cool, you again, it's gone time. Okay, nice talking to you, Mr. Anotra. This fabulous relationship. It's just, Mr. Anotra, up and beautiful sunrise. Goodbye. Have a nice, nice day, Neil. Who was it? I know who that is. You know what I'm saying? It's like Jerry Markbright. I know who it is, but I can't put my finger on it, probably. Who was that? Sounded like you're cross between Gary O'Nes and Rush Limbaugh. Ten minutes pack, you know who it is? Like Mr. Microphone. Mr. Yeah. It's Mr. Microphone. Oh, that was, what's his name? That was, what's your call it? Ron Hershey Highway, wasn't it? No, he don't sound like that. It's Mr. Microphone. Also, Sonny's to embarrassed to call it now because he's made a fool of himself. He keeps sticking up and Anna is mouth and public. And he's been banned in most of his supporters result. So now he's got Mr. Microphone calling in. That did sound like him. How come he's so good on this show? And those things he does on air so lame. God, this is Mr. Microphone. And it's the Sonny Fox show with Ron Hershey and Sonny Fox. Oh, God, give me a break, Sonny. That was Mr. Microphone. What is probably searching for an audience? Sooner or later they all land over here, man. They know where the audience is and it's right over there. Consumer Credit Law Center, speak at the devil. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. If you're one of the thousands of radio dead meets out there, brother, sister, then you need the Consumer Credit Law Center. They can remove those derogatory disgusting, revolting bad things from a credit report. And everybody deserves a second chance, even people in this business accept to you know who next door at the coast. It was probably had more chances than they ever already can't. It takes about 90 to 120 days to correct and they're going to eliminate those things from your credit bureau files. In fact, they'd want to see it. That's right. It's 100% guaranteed. They're service to clear your records or you get your money back. 400 bucks for a single $500 for a couple. And you can't even finance their fee. How do you like that? If you've had bankruptcies, bad debts, late credit are payments for closures, IRS, Leans, Chapter 7, Chapter 11, Chapter 182, whatever it is. Instead of letting those sit around and running your credit by being on there for seven years, have them wiped away with a consumer credit law center and get a fresh start. Call them today. 832-0130. Tell a Mr. Microphone, told you to call. 832-0130. Have you taken a good look in your closet lately? Any four teams. We have an open-lighted, brodered, where a Mr. Du Spag was and somebody just dropped off in date. I can't get over that. Look at that. Now I feel really depressed. We were doing so well. We started out a little slow, a little late back this morning, and then they all got lit up like somebody like a little juggernaut, a camoron under their butt. 751-Wiode and date and five to four in Broward. Cut the rage. Finally, yeah, sir. I had to follow Mr. Microphone. He would, that was Mr. Microphone. That was his brother-in-law. Well, this is a cutlery's credit to the lead to that. Calling from Death Row. What is it? Is that a rich credit? Yeah. Have a good call, so at least I got- Well, you could fool the hell out of me, sir. You sound like you're calling from like the Rosanne bars butt. Oh, okay. He was talking about gangsters with badges. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Very glad. Okay. You know, the fraudblocker call got me set off. I didn't set off anyway. But he hit it right on the head. You know, what was wrong with him? And if every ask-kisser-like, like him, is it they cater to the policies of Reagan Bush and all their fashists, Crooney? Yep. I mean, it's, you know, back in the 16, I don't want to see old fashists, but you either part of the problem or part of the solution. And, uh, in every political group, they need their sub, their soldiers, and good, good music there. Yeah. Here we have a state-level pig, IRS and T-C-E-S-U. Yep. You know, and, uh, let's get to personalize it. I have a set of, I would change the federal court. But I had, uh, plenty of money stolen from, uh, from the biocetal government. And your barrels got a case of federal court? Yep. Seagrams. Mm-hmm. And, uh, and this is serious, like I said, I can't get into the D-C-L. But there were no drugs involved. Yeah. You know, legal? Right. No money. It was cashed money. I bought them property. And I looked at the bank, and the cashed bank, and bought it. We had received four million. It's been so poor for a year and a half. I still owe him my money, so no one. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'll be back. Don't good luck to you, sir. Okay. Hang in there. Thank you for your support, Bill. Okay. Going back to your D-C-L, we got to the ground right now, Bell. We're your dead meat. 12, 16, a W-I-O-D. Ha ha ha ha. Well, I missed your microphone, Junior, just kind of like set me off there. I wouldn't expect that, you know, and I'm not them still like about, uh, only 20% recovered from this crud. It's my malalooka thing again. If she ever caught, if anybody calls me and starts talking to China with that malalooka crap, man, I'm just going to jump right through the microphone, Mr. Geo, but her. Hello, Neil. Hello. Are you to help me? Happy for him to, sir. Okay. I'm a Graham, though. I don't know what's going on. I bet there have a lot of big poor parties up there in Jupiter right now, or probably right next door, like right on the edge of Uranus. Right out in the farm, there. Yeah. Yeah. All the Edlock on the farm, man, are really doing it. There, right on. Yes, sir. Listen, you get your cable hooked up. Uh, it wasn't me calling you, I don't know. They did finally call me. I will say that last Friday, I believe. I haven't called him back. I figure if it took them six weeks to call me. How long? How long about five or six, and then give them a friendly? It'll be billing you tomorrow, don't worry. No, they already are billing me for my old address. So I'm not like stealing anything. I have the exact same service. They just don't know that I've got it. And they don't even know that I've moved, because evidently, they got lost in the translation, because they're too busy sending out bills. Yeah, really. Well, I thought some on TV, uh, they said they'd hook it up right away. 1-800 cable me. Hmm. So I thought I'd give you a call. Tom, Tom, to call what he'd have recorded cable this. Yeah, cable. Then, well, that's too many letters. Well, that's okay. It'll still get the message across. Ha ha ha. Um, that referee is Jerry Mark work. No, no, wrong. Mark, right. I will bet you every dime that I have in my paycheck against 50 cents. Well, his name is Mark Bright. Well, you're a famous news guy there said, uh, Mark, um, so you're saying Mark Bright now, and it's Mark, work. Wrong. Jerry Mark Bright. I've been watching the National Football League sur for 36 years. His name is Jerry Mark Bright. I can see his ugly face in front of me right now, and I can see him, and he's fatally punching out those arms. Time out. TV time out right now, trust me. And his microphone's not working. Right. Well, that's always true. Right. Especially for that, uh, but I'm sure it's already found that whole deal. 700 years old in ways, 14 pounds. What is the year it takes me to take in a way that replay? That's a bunch of crap. We finally get something good so that at least once in a while, we can get a call that's right, not too often. But we've had a big game and we got one of those calls again. I'm telling everyone, I'm taking my helmet, Zacharias, out to JRS and my artillery and my tank. Dammy, I'll beat Fumlin and, yeah. Yep, that. Um, Peter Crenz is a douchebag. Okay. Going back to Rochester this week. Really? And he's going to eat white hot and tell his blood pressure goes through the road. That'll do it, man. Just about two days of Donald Bob's and Vicketerves and that'll do it. He'll be dead meat. Yeah, he's a great day. Sir, I give a big kiss on the lilac. I don't get them. See you later. Okay. Oh, excuse me. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Make a note of that, George. We have a note but line out of town. I mean, he's called from Jupiterita on a sport. There was him and jump there. He got a lot of kin listening right now. A lot of kin folk and farm folk and they don't like that. Kind of stuff, you know what I mean? Then folk. What are we doing now? All we're doing Toyota Hollywood. We like them folk, man, because they're great folk over there. Toyota Hollywood, calling all Toyota buyers, potential or thinking about it because it's a Toyota buyers alert at Toyota of Hollywood. Don't even think about buying a new Toyota until you check with the ballville Irish Patrick Murray. Happy St. Patty's Day and Happy Poor on Patrick. You got to see the prices waiting for you right now on the all new 92 Toyota's. For example, and these are like for real prices, not just to come on. And no taxitos, by the way, in no fat old adeges. A brand new 92 Toyota Corolla starting on the 849. How about a sporty new to a sell? How about it? Starting at just 61 75. The all new exciting camera in the 92 Camry by the way is a pretty damn neat car. Henry just got one from just 12,000, one 99. And the all new 92 Toyota pickups below invoice this weekend only. So if you shop price, no other dealer in the southeast is offering prices this low and you know it. Excellent prices for all trade ins and outstanding financing waiting for you right now. At Toyota of Hollywood on 441 between tapins, Sheridan streets and Hollywood. Just a couple of blocks down the street from the Hollywood Twin City. Attention, South Florida free market merch. 1227 at WID. Welcome to our little party man, whoever you are. So nice to have you with us and see how agreeable we are sometimes. Unless somebody calls up an axel because psychotic bitch. By the way, the Dr. Susan Block Show I want to mention this again. I'm no who left this, but I'm pretty excited. Can we look into this, George? Can we take our show on the road? It says, a makes Dr. Susan Block makes love to Orlando. On WQBQ radio. Can we at least get some tapes of that? Some audio effects? Something. And she's doing her series of four safe-seq shows with Orlando I believe or in Orlando. Well that's bad. On the subjects of masturbation, phone sex, making out and heavy petting and condoms. Not necessarily in that order. Okay, 1228, let's go to Hollywood on the starline. Hi, are you doing Neil? I'm doing it, man. Want to wish you a heartfelt, happy Perum to you in your work? Yeah. I think you were talking about, I think it might be cherry pentacoli. The one? The one? You're a pedicol, and the geribode, yeah. It could be him. Right. I think it's a great, it's a theory. It was kind of embarrassing when a geribode would run out on the field and get lost. It was like delayed the game for hours at a time. Anyway, I think it's terrible that they removed that. He into replay, it's thanks. Markly words, sir. Mark, right, my words. They're going to be real sorry, real fast. Like a first week of the season next year, they're going to be real sorry. Grab the lead, right. A lot of bad calls last year. Yeah. So, even with the replay, there were a lot of bad calls. Can you imagine now it's going to be on nightmare. Terrible. Anyway, I want to suck around on the first time listener, first time caller and- No, you're done. No, you're done. No, you're not. Yeah, have a nice life boy, who you can. Twelve? What a sense of humor he's got. Twelve, twenty nine at W.I.O. do. Let's go home now because I got my check and we had a good lunch and the calls have been not too bad and we had Mr. microphone and we had that the first time you're on lady and but not too bad today, huh? For a Thursday in a crappy town. Starlines open, star I.O.D. Fort Lauderdale. Good afternoon, sir. Good afternoon to you, sir. I saw the needed spot for a sticker, Neil. That said. You've seen, uh, you know, at the insignia for the Japanese, the orange sun. Yeah, white background. Yes, sir. But just saying all across, I love it. Just saying all. I was looking at Toyota or something. No, it's out of American car. Oh, okay. Anyway, sorry Pat. Pat Murray, it's a great sense of humor folks. Oh, by the way, there was a thing. The, uh, Pat Buchanan had a one of his stupid press conferences yesterday and his wife was up there on a podium and they said, are you going to get rid of the, uh, the Mercedes and she got up there. She said it's for sale. Anybody want to make an offer? Ha ha ha, not, you know? Really. Anyway, we said if you scraped a swastik off the windshield, maybe look at the screen. Fashist pigs. Don't doubt about it. Anyway, the reason I call, I think that instant replay, I think they should give each coach two or three chances to use it at their own discretion. Right. End of story. But come up to revenue there advertising and everything they're going to lose. Mm-hmm. Don't doubt it. I'm sure. Again, one stay fine. That out, Ben. No doubt. Although I was reading a thing in the satellite TV week yesterday that, um, the NFL because they made such a greedy disgusting deal with the owners that they're like, um, extending it and it's like almost they're given it to the networks for nothing for a couple of years. You're on the sand? Were they talking about paper view now? We're never going to have to get it. Never going to happen. I didn't think. Never will fly. Believe me. That'd be way. Death null of the game if they tried that crap. That's back. But about 80% of those games that are around Monday night, they couldn't pay us to watch him. Anyway, uh, if you can give me a little chill on my bones, I'm home sick. Let's hear some Dick Perton or some P.K.L.W. or something. Well, I think I'm having a relapse. Well, what the hell ever happened to Dick Perton by the way, Kathy, paint any as levelled in quality of the day and said that when Dick was done on a West Coast a couple of weeks ago, he was trying to call on the 800 number and of course couldn't get through, which I find hard to believe because anybody can get through on our 800 line, but he's back up a Detroit, making a lot of bucks. There you go. I'll whatever happened to my C.K.L.W.D.Jingles. Oh, you remember C.K.L.W.G? Yes, sir. You're losing it. What? Oh yeah. I'm the Blueie. Yeah, you. I don't like that. But Davies likes it. It's nice and slow. Yeah, okay, now we're doing it. Right on the Edsel Ford Express Wacer. Okay, thank you, sir. Have a great day. Bye bye. See you at the Luzfinder Deli. Not. See it's Kipers Table for it. They used to be great. There was a Deli, but not a Deli, a Smorgas board place. There were two of them, one in Plymouth. And the other one on, um, I think seven mile road in Detroit. They were called Skipper's Table, Sworgas board. And most Morgas board places are like for old people. I don't want to mention any done here. They're like mostly out of business where they go in. They put their teeth in a glass and it fizzes while they eat. And the spaghetti tastes like the corn and the mashed potatoes taste like the meatloaf. He also, no, this was great. Skipper's Table. And you could go back like a hundred times that I had a friend salesman as a matter of fact. Oh, I shouldn't say that. A radio salesperson from Albion, Michigan. And before we go to the track at Hazel Park or Wolverine at night, we go over to Skipper's Table and eat about 400 pounds worth of food for like $3.99. That was the best. Skipper's Table, man. They don't make them like that anymore. Plantation. How are you, Neil? Yes, sir. Malal Lucas Arne and Bloom now. Oh. And if the thing you got gets into your test, you're going to take the Abbrung Kites and the Monus wrapped up into one. What does that mean? It means that you'll be coughing your brains out. What do you mean the thing I got? I got a head cold. Well, don't let it drop down. Don't let it, how about my cold? Tap that too. Oh. No, it's like almost gone. All right. I think. All right. You try to talk me back into what aren't you. Yeah. Misery loves company. Why not? Okay. How are you going to do that? So you're still Godfather intensive today. Yes. The only thing I've seen that bigger than you are still, is that they walked up behind Hank Goldberg at the track. I can eat. Okay. Smart ass man, I'll tell you. Which one have I got out? I don't even know which one of these I got out. I'm so damn Godfather intensive. I got them all out. Oh. Number two. Number two. I tell you when you're having a stressful traumatic awful day. There's just something so soothing about this music. You know? I know about you, but it sure does it for me. It just kind of calms me down. So like somebody is making me a musical offer that I can't refuse. Let's do Miami. Hello. Miami. When is Tartais? Astilowago? Astilavista? Astilurass? Let's do a leisure city. How you doing Neil? I'm doing it. That's good. Hey, I first off I want to clarify you on that replay. Go to. Who I love and go ahead. Not only did the douchebag get both against. Giant's also vote against. Not only them, but also the counterfeit bill. All the New York State teams voted against. So what the hell did they know? Well, let's see. Did the judge get tried to pull a fast one. The other giants also because the giants and the jets were back to back on the list. I'm pretty sure. Yeah, triple play there. Yeah, screw them. Did you? Have you seen any of this? Baby, the holy pot trial? Baby, lollipops. First of all, the name of the trial. Just I mean, what the media does here. I have a headache from thinking about it. Yeah, well. Have you seen that girl who's set the fire for the state of Libya? Yeah. You've seen the sideburns on her mansion. Yeah. Like Elvis. She looks like Luke Perry on Beverly Hills 902-01-6438. Are those babies real? Or is that Charles Alfieri sideburns? Right. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. Do you tell her to butcher up? Only her proctologist knows for sure, sir. I want to ask you about this. You can't think. Who? You know, not about you can. You can't in a guy who's trying to run president. He can't do anything. He can't do anything. He can't do anything. He can't do anything. He can't do anything. He can't be president. Really? I mean, didn't they pass a law after a rose of wealth? Was president? Franklin Roosevelt? That no more presidents of the same last name? Yeah. They had Teddy and we already had a president. You can. Right. So they can't. He's too bad because the cops were hoping to get Steve Wilson elected president before they created them. The Dodgers and he just missed out. They just totally. They're way to get rid of them. Yeah. Well, listen, have a great day. In fact, we'll be good way to get rid of Danny Jackson too. But I guess that we got beat on that baby too. Have a great life, sir. Look at that. Two open lines in day. That's a first and hours on the show. Does that mean we're like coming, screeching to a halt in the middle of lunch. Are we hope not? God. They just know how to stick it to you when you least expect to rate it. Five, two, four. Now, what is it? I don't even know what the number is. Five, one. I think it's setting into my lungs deep, George.