for failing to stop the beating and perhaps escalating it at the start. So even one of the four who was on trial says that the thing got out of control and that there was excessive force. He also of course was acquitted. 1006 in Wild, what are the pressing day, huh? Not going to be any fun in games today. So if you're one of those simple-minded pimple heads like that bitch that called in the first half hour, can you believe her? Just totally oblivious man, just in the twilight song. North Lauderdale. Hey, I think that the decision was definitely horrendous and I can't believe it. But the same thought though is the thing that they're doing in LA can't be condoned either. I mean, Pauline, innocent people. Pauline, that's absolutely nuts. How about here? How about after the McDuffee trial here? And they pulled all those kids out of the cars? And how's it out there, brains with broken bottles? I mean, the stuff that went on here was just so gruesome and grusemen grow test there and no words to describe it. But I think that this in LA is going to go on for a long time. I think we're just seeing the beginning. I can envision like there's going to be probably black television shows, getting everyone together. I mean as far as I'm asking you something, what does it have to do with black anything? No, I doesn't have to do with black. It has to do with freedom. It has to do with any kind of individual rights. I mean, it's a part of it. But it has to do with whether we want to live in a goddamn police thing. You got, you can't take race out of it. It really is a part of it because the person that got beat up was a black person. Yeah. And the people that beat him up were like, How about the drug guy, Mercado, that they beaten Bochard and killed here was he black? No, no, I'm just saying that I can see the frustrations. How about the guy and Santa Cruz that was running around in the underwear that they were beating the guy was beating the crap out of was he black? Hey, listen, don't get me wrong. I'm not for what happened. I'm totally against it. And I'm appalled at the decision. I see if they can do it to Rodney King and go through this long, three-month trial and get exonerated and get off without so much as a slap on the wrist. They can do it to you and they can do it to me and they can do it anybody else. Why black, green, yellow, purple, young, old in between because that's what's called the police state. That's what we're living in. And it's getting worse every minute of every day. That's very scary. And I know a few Fort Lotto del Polisman and I've talked to them and their philosophy is when they pull someone over, if it's like a dirt bag and there were, if it's a dirt bag, they'll definitely go out of their way to find some way to give the guy a ticket. Over if it's a guy, a white guy with a suit and a tie that looks like a respectable citizen or whatever. And they're mind, don't do whatever they can to get that white guy off over like a dirt bag person. Well, all depending, all depends on their particular prejudices. But if it happens to be a pig whose prejudice against young guys with a long hair, for example, or maybe it's a young guy who's got an earring in one ear and God forbid it's the wrong ear. I mean, you know, they're like a jitter in different reasons that people have prejudices and when somebody gives them the power of the law and a good in a badge and a uniform and says, okay, it's okay now for you because you're the law and now you can go out and act out your prejudices and we'll back you up on it. And then that's got to stop. But at the same time. Well, what is it going to stop? Can I tell you something though? You were saying about, you know, we have the death penalty and that doesn't seem to be deterring crime. Well, I think it's the way that it's acted out. I mean, my God, if a lot of these murderers and things knew that, hey, listen, as soon as they're convicted within 30 days, they're going to the death sentence, I think that that would definitely be a deterrent. Well, that's a whole separate issue. Okay, I'm not going to share any tears for the Ted Bundy's of the world for this guy that they, Gaston, California, that's a whole separate issue. All right, let me ask just one other question. Yeah. And I want to try to make this another, I hope that he don't cut me off. But what do you think if the cops would have all been black and the criminal would have been white? How do you think the outcome would have been? I don't have any idea. I mean, do you think they don't think it would have been just blown? They would have probably sentenced the cops immediately. They probably be in the gas chamber. I really mean that. I think that it would have been a totally different outcome. I think that they would have probably had an all white jury again. And they probably would have just sentenced the cops and said, oh, you guys. Let me ask you a question. When's the last time you heard of anybody on trial in a situation like this and having an all black jury? Or are all my norodied? I know, that's just ridiculous. They moved it to that town, which is predominantly white. It has a lot of retired police, though. It would be like a similar situation happening on 12th street in Detroit. And taking the trial out to Bloomfield Hills to a wealthy all white suburb in Detroit or gross point. And holding the trial there with an all white jury. Right. Or on Northwest 60 second street and then taking the trial to Boka. Right. Exactly. And that's just ridiculous. Well, I mean, I don't know if there's much that you can do about it. I was happy to see that there were a lot of people protesting in LA that were doing a peaceful protest, right? As opposed to looting and using it for an opportunity to rob and beat up and kill and whatever. Well, I'll tell you one thing in November, sir, come election day in November. One thing the American public can do is put an end to this creeping fascism that's been going on for the last 12 years now. It's got to stop. But let me tell you, you got to come to an end. Can I tell you something what raking in Bush has done though? They've got that supreme court just about how they wanted. Yeah, right. So even if we get Clinton Brown, whoever, it's still. Well, would you like, would you like to give them another four years to put another couple of dollars? No, no, no way. I mean, they definitely can have no more time. I agree with that. But we got a lot of turnaround to do and it's going to take more than just one election. You know, well, it didn't happen overnight and they're going to correct it overnight. But it's time to put a screeching halt to other progress anyway. Changing the subject is just a little bit. Did you get to see the heat came? Yeah, we saw most of it last night. I thought they did tremendous. There was a great game. It's just a shame. They got nothing to be ashamed about, believe me. What was the final score? 115 to 109 or something like that? Yeah, something like that. If they'd have made the free throws, they'd have won a ball. Yeah. They got nothing to be ashamed of. If the Marlins, if the Marlins do as well in four years, is an expansion team as the heat of Donald will have something to be excited. Do you think Jordan is just phenomenal? 56 points last night. He'd even scored her first couple of minutes as well. That's definitely like the first eight minutes of the quarter. He didn't score anything. It was a Michael Jordan and Scotty Pippin against the heat last night. I agree. Okay. I have a few later. 12 minutes after 10 at WIOD, if you lose a hot cap man, if you're on the middle of nowhere before that you 1015 at WIOD, Miami on a starline. Hey, hey, don't nail. Okay. You know what's amazing? You hit a cop and you go to jail for battery on a police officer. Right. 6 cops or 5 cops, beat the crap at a one guy and they all get acquitted. You know what I'd like to see? Three things. I'd like to see all those people that were on that jury. Somewhere in their life, get abused by police officers in the future. Maybe they'll reflect their verdict a little more. Approfusely for what they did to that guy. Number two, I hope all the cops accidentally just get lost in the neighborhood of where they're patrolling and all the people remember them. I also hope that the people do what the cops did to him, the people should do to the cops. Well, I'm not going along with that. I mean, we can't just have anarchy now. Okay. And maybe that goes along with the kind of stuff that's going on. And the tragedy of it is just like what happened here three different times. But especially after the McDuffee thing, I think it was an 80 or one. Exactly. People burn down their own neighborhoods. What sense does that make? They burn down various units. They put no sense to that. They put their own lives. They put their own people, their own neighbors out of business. They create absolute havoc and the, And this is right. And I understand there are some of those people who are frustrated. And then the majority of the people who see the ponies, situations are just to exploit and loot and go nuts. Just as excuse to do any damn thing they want. But that's not the, that's not the solution to it. I agree with that. You're probably right. And it's all that'll hit before that it's not going to happen one election or one four year period. Of course, it's not. There's this thing going on for years and years and getting worse and worse and worse. Every think and day and when we've got a president who says that justice, the system has worked. What is this man talking about? What is he talking about to come on and to have the Hutspun, front of 250 million people to go on the tube and say the system has worked and it's about time we had respect for law and order. And you know what I was saying? Where's the fair trial? There was no, there was not one black man. The prosecution as far as I'm concerned, stuck to join out. And the fact that they didn't put king on a try on the standing itself. I don't care what kind of a sleaze bag he was. That's not the issue. They're making any difference. What kind of a sleaze bag you are? Whether you're like the president of the US or some kind of a slimb all on the lowest part of the food chain. And that's not what the law's all about. Well, unfortunately it's going to take a longness world to change this society. Unfortunately. Well, forget about the world. Just worry about this society right here. Okay. Because every time I go away and I leave the shores of this country and I go to Europe and then I come back here and I see the kind of crap that's peddled in the name of justice in this society. I just put that passport in my underwear to make sure that I have a close and handy at all times. You know what I'm saying? Yes, sir. I do. Keep it tightly and sconst in your fist and your passport, too. Well, with that, I'd rather not be in your shoes today to listen all the abuse. For what we're going to have to listen from what we saw last night, but you're the best to do it. Okay. Take it out. Ten 18 miles. Listen, just the way I feel today. I'm just really bummed out about this thing and I'm about depressed and I'm in shock. I really am in shock. I sat there and I watched the and heard the words coming over this two glass night. And I couldn't believe it. I'm listening to it. And I'm saying this this has got to be. There's got to be something more coming. There's got to be something beside this. And it wasn't. It's like somebody taking an eraser and going to a blackboard and just erasing everything that's on. It's okay. Nothing there. The slights clean. Maybe you're all okay. Go out and do it again. Ten 19 a Wild Miami. Hello, Neil. Good to go today. Just wanted to say, you know, what happened in LA is is deplorable. But I've noticed that there seems to be a mood of whether it's a skating indictment of police forces nationwide. I think why shouldn't there be? Well, because I really think it's a minority view that cops are all bad. We haven't said. Don't start that game with us. Okay. Nobody hears that cops are all bad. We don't. We're calling in saying, you know, hey, how many cops have we had here? How many cops are we in? Did it here every year to last 15, 20 years? I've been here for 17 years now and every year. We have all. We had to Miami River cops. We have murder cases. We got drug pedaling. We got theft. We got every kind of police corruption that's ever been invented. The police in Chicago years ago were notorious, notorious for taking people in blacks, minorities, people they didn't like the way they look. And just beating the crap out of them during interrogation. This kind of stuff goes on every single day. And it doesn't take all of the cops to be bad. It only takes a certain percentage. And it takes the people at a position of authority to look the other way and wink at it and say, hey, this is, this is really what we want. That's all it takes. I agree with that. But I think it's just, you know, I think cops are just a reflection of society itself. I mean, we've got a real problem with society. Say yourself. I mean, others crap all the time violence is out of control. It's disgusting. So what does that mean? So that means because the public is frustrated because we're not there. They're just abandoned all of our freedom and say, okay, you go ahead. Do whatever they have to be. And that's part of the problem. So these last 12 years is that's the mentality that's been peddled by people like Ed Meas and Richard Thorneburg to the American public. Okay, take away our rights. We don't care if that'll solve the problem. That's great. Well, let me just say. I guess what? It didn't solve the problem. Well, no, nothing else. Just like the sunshine approach got a so called drug problem. We got Bob Martinez up there and we're wasting all this money. We might as well be flushing it down the toilet all the money they're spending on. I'm the so called drug problem because it's just a big scam. Well, you know, we need an enemy. If we don't have a so many unions, we need drugs. It helps keep things focused, I guess. That's what they would say. But as far as the verdict goes, I was surprised myself. I mean, I could imagine. It was shot. Thank God. We don't have trial by CNN though. And I mean, we only saw one tape. I thought clearly there were what did the jury see before. Well, wait a minute. Did the jury see some tapes that we don't know about? Well, apparently from what I heard, do I have to see an end? The jury saw a extended version of the footage where Mr. King came out of the car and charged the cops. That doesn't make the fact that they continued their inhuman beating. When did they see this? It's correct Lamont said so right after the verdict. When did they see this alleged? The this is the first couple seconds of the video that most of the public wasn't privy to for the night. Not with the trial was televised on court TV and the most of them. I don't know. I don't know. I couldn't even imagine that when you said the first couple of seconds, I don't believe that for a minute. And I do know that there's saying it was this stuff that happened before what we saw on the tape. Ah. There's 81 seconds of that tape. Do you know how long 81 seconds is? It's a minute and 21 seconds. That's a long long time, not in the scheme of life, in general. But in terms of this kind of beating and behavior going on, that's a long time. Oh, I agree. What about that? Now, think it's, we throw a black from the jury which there should have been. I don't understand why. especially with a black prosecutor who claims that all the jurors were impartial. Yeah. Why if there had been blacks on the jury, then one would have to assume that it would have been a racist verdict if they had gone for a court because if by saying that blacks on the jury would have changed the decision then we're saying that the decision would have been made on the basis of race. And you think it wasn't. I was. Well, the black prosecutor said that there was an impartial jury. He should know but the black prosecutor then bungled it just as I said, Momets ago, the prosecution was pathetic. It was. They should have put Mr. King up, of course. The prosecution and the William Kennedy Smith trial was a joke. I dog put it down a better job. Okay. I got to run. Okay. So the bottom line is. And the decision. We need to go to Don Corleon for justice. I'll tell you that. Oh, it's just, there is no justice anymore. It's a theory. It exists only in print and in the figment of your imagination. Why don't you tell you about Jimmy's Italian restaurant right now? Three of them. Coral springs. There were two locations. The new one in the Sheridan Plaza on Sheridan Street in Hollywood. Jimmy's great Italian dining for the whole family. Inexpensive, nice relaxed atmosphere, delicious pizza. Every kind of pizza under the sun, what they like the thick Sicilian pizza. Or what they like the traditional New York style. Or the big white all cheese pizza or spinach pizza. And of course, the famous pizza pop that Jimmy has. You won't find it any place else. A great combination of sausage and green peppers pepperoni mozzarella cheese. I'll roll it and pizza dough with sauce or the veggie pop, which is a vegetarian version of the same thing. Or the chicken pop with chicken and great calzones and subs and fantastic pasta dishes and seafood. And great meal and chicken dishes. It is outstanding. They give you humongous portions and the prices are unbeatable. You can try there all you can eat lunch buffet with over 12 items to choose from. Dahl for just five and a quarter. Or they're unlimited soup and salad for only three ninety five. So give it a try. I need the three locations you'll find Jimmy's in coral springs on university. And whilst Rodenx to Kmart on Atlantic Boulevard a crosspring drive next to wind Dixie and the newest Jimmy's in the New Sheridan Plaza at 49 47 Sheridan Street in Hollywood. As the nation's largest furniture rental in sales company, Aaron Renson sells office furniture stocks only the finest brand names available in the United States today. famous brand names like Lazy Boy, one of the country's leading manufacturers of fine office seating with their classic good looks and unforgettable comfort. Lazy Boy Chairs are at home in any office. You can choose from several different styles of lazy boy executive chairs, side chairs, and task chairs in a wide selection of fabric and finish options. In fact, lazy boy custom makes one very popular style exclusively for Aaron Rens. Right now Aaron Rens is offering their best selling lazy boy black leather executive chair at a very special price, and $845 value now only $589. Whether you choose to rent or buy lazy boy chairs, the best values are at Aaron Rens and sells office furniture, the nation's largest furniture rental and sales company. For convenient locations, Pembroke Park, Coral Way, Pryne and Hylia. Looking for new ways to boost productivity? Try listening. This is the sound of a copier that offers 85-dury affordable copies a minute, remote monitoring, and a three-year guarantee introducing the Mitod DC 85-85. A rare opportunity for business to radically improve productivity simply by pushing a button. Meet a state image specialist for full details called 1-800-858-MIT8. I don't have to say this. You know, well, you don't know. I was hoping you did. But, help, sometimes it's easier done and said. Just call 1-800-flowers anytime. We'll deliver beautiful flowers anywhere to anyone in a matter of hours guaranteed. All you need is a credit card and a telephone to get worldwide FTD service. 1-800-flowers, Carol Eastbeating. Hello, I am... You know, call 1-800-flowers now, prepare so for Easter and Secretary's Week. 1027 a WIOD. A call from Los Angeles? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing okay. Right, right. Why? Why? Well, obviously, I know why, but why today? What are you doing out there? I moved out here. Yeah. And you have asked me why we're depressed? I... I would think you'd be depressed at this point. Well, I am. I am. But, uh, no, you saw a listen to you. I mean, like, avid. Go to every remote, every day listening to you. It was sickening. Yeah. And, uh, I moved out here to get my band going. Go moved out there and now it's more sickening. Yeah. Well, I got Howard, so it's kind of depressing. Yeah. But, um, how you doing? I'm doing fine. Yeah. Well, great. I got a friend of mine sent me the excess issue. Yeah. You know, no biggie. It's okay. Yeah. How can they don't take a colloquial anymore? Because we're cheap. That's ridiculous. Because the system is one, all of that five point two billion dollars for the themselves because they're greedy. What does these stop taking colloquial? Oh, months ago. Oh, that is ridiculous. Of course it is. I'm not going to pay him ten bucks to talk to you. What part of town are you living in? Well, I'm living, well, since what's going on. I'm living away from what's going on. I'm living in a... Okay. So, um, it's not where the riots are going on. Yeah. But it totally reminded me of overtown. And since you're probably the most intelligent person I know, I wanted to get your opinion on what's happening. My opinion, well, I've been expressing it for the last hour here this morning, but obviously you couldn't hear it. But, uh, I don't know how. There's not much room for opinion. I mean, it's just one of the most grotesque things that's ever happened. Uh, we've seen it happen here a couple of times. Yeah. But this one, I mean, we actually had the evidence right there. We had a smoking gun in the video tape and we've been exposed to it over and over and over again. And how any people, unless they were intimidated or threatened or whatever the other, there's just got to be something here that it doesn't meet the eye. Yeah. Because there's no way that anybody can watch that in a assume that there wasn't excessive force and that they just weren't out of control. Is it no way that any rational fair person could watch it? Yeah. And they did. And then the president comes out and says that justice has been done. Well, he says tighten up your bootstraps, put your arms straight up in the air and this loot salute this was to good. And justice has been done and obey the law. Yeah. It's ridiculous. I mean, uh, last night, every channel, um, and be, you know, I'm gonna say everything. Uh, there was no shows on it was just the news of what's going on. Well, I, I, I, my satellite this was I was watching KT LA out there in Los Angeles, until about two o'clock this morning. Uh-huh. And they did quite a job. They had the helicopter up and he kept they kept zipping over to one fire after another one and it was just there was incredible. Yeah. And, uh, you know, they even even shot a fireman. Yeah. And I, uh, I don't know if he's dead or what, but it's ridiculous. It's, you know, totally, you know, I can't believe it. Insanity. Yeah. And today, people will go back and find out what time the Simpson's is on tonight. And I'm sorry about that. And about what time the reruns of Mary Tyler Moore come on. Yeah. Yeah. You know, they're American. This whole society is so screwed up. It's unbelievable. We're worried that this whole new thing that we're into now is finding out, uh, uh, everybody's, uh, pimples now. What everybody has done wrong and who smoked to join 20 years ago and did he inhale and who slept with this one? Well, the national and choir mentality is taken over the whole country now. Yeah. This is why we've got 75 of these tabloids shows on every day. And a role is got the guys who slept with their sisters husbands. And, uh, it's just out of control and the public is grasping at straws and this little torpey guy Ross Perot comes along. Oh, yeah. We don't know much about him. But we're all for him because the other guys think, well, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Exactly. There's an old saying that you get out of something, whatever you put into it. And he American people are for years now have put nothing into the system. They've just tuned out and just totally forgotten about it. And now the thing is all screwed up and he wants some simplistic answer to it and it's not there. Yeah. Well, I'm in there. Okay. Good hearing from you. Um, okay. Well, uh, you know, I know I'm paying for it, but I tell you Neil, I've moved out here five months ago and I'm Jones and FOIA. So I guess I'm going to be a staff and get put on hold if I can. Okay. Okay. Let me call a couple of guys, do you speak? Yep. Todd and Richie are a couple of major douche bags. Okay. Hold on. Thanks. 1031 and WOD. D'Rill Gates is a douche bag too, by the way. Just thought I mentioned that. Passing. I'll coconut grow. Hello. So this is David. How are you doing? Okay, David. Um, I've been listening to the comments here about the trial and I'm from Los Angeles for the Los Angeles area and I'm actually from Seemi Valley. Right. And I happened to be out in Los Angeles in towards the end of March when the trial was going on. And I listened to some evidence that was reported. And there's some parts of it that aren't totally in favor of Mr. King. But I do want to make a preface all of this by saying that I think the police or the jury was totally wrong, that regardless of what evidence, what additional evidence was brought into court, there is no justice for a beating like that. The information that I had heard, or actually seen on TV when it was being broadcast, was the fact that Rodney King was shot with a teaser. Right. And that teaser did not have any effect on him because it didn't penetrate his skin. And it may have given the police at the time the impression that he was on something like PCP. Oh, yeah. They said that he was a dusted. That's what the officer's name again, the one at Braceno. He was on a smorting saying they was on Angel Duster. They called it dusted. At least they believed that. But we are less of that no matter what he was on, no matter what he was on, he wasn't able to obtain superhuman powers that was going to enable him to fend off. This half of doesn't armed police officers with their guns and their clubs and all of the other things that they had available to them. It just wasn't going to happen. And the 81 seconds of footage that we see in a video tape, he is down on the ground during every moment of that 81 seconds. At no time during that video tape, does he get up off the ground? And there is no time to be tried to defend himself. It was obvious. Clearly obvious, anyone who really looked and studied the tape, that that man was subdued. And there is a point at which the police need to stop. Right. What cracks are the whole thing? At what point do we have excessive violence? At what point do we have a bunch of cops gone mad and not a control and just totally abusing this individual? And this little white jury, like I said before, they just never found that point. And maybe there was no point in their mind. The other issue in the raise, there was a comment by one of the listeners that indicated that the jury was selected from the town of Simi Valley, which is a majority white by anyone standards. The jury wasn't selected from the town of Simi Valley. They were selected from Ventura County. Right. And that is, there is a heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy. But here, a county is also mostly white. Oh, yeah. Heavy, white, not mostly white. But it doesn't really make any difference. They're making a difference because all the people who wound up on the jury were white. So regardless of who else might live in Ventura County, it's not really relevant. Right. That's all I had to say. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Now. Because you could say the same of Palm Beach County, like they guys said before, if they were picked at the crime was on 60 seconds three in Miami. And they had an all white jury picked from Boca. Boca is in Palm Beach County. And obviously in West Palm Beach. And some other parts of Palm Beach County, there are heavily, by populated areas. But that's not really relevant. On 35 at WIOD, if the porters are getting to you, you can fight back with the ticket defense team and boy, do we need him nowadays? They did a good job for me. Remember that ticket I had a couple of months ago, they went into court and guess what? I don't even have the right cart in the machine. No points. That's right. So next time they nail you for a speeding and water their little under the busher over the overpass traps that they have waiting for you. Because after all, they're your friends. Call on the ticket defense team. Call someone of their attorneys in the court to go to bat for you. And like I said, they have a great batting average to a super job for you. So if you don't want, don't want to have those points on a record. If you don't want to have your insurance rates going sky high or even get dropped by your insurance company, fight back with a ticket defense team. Call them toll free from anywhere 1-800-741-TEAM. Oh, no. No. No. 21-11-WIOD here's a lady in Hollywood. Hi. Hi. I know that you're absolutely 100% right. I mean, about Gates being a douchebag. Now that everybody's in trauma and they know what's happened. It's almost like a child abuse victim. We're all feeling the abuse. We're sort of in denial except for the people like myself that know that these things happen. And what we need to do to stop this from happening is to vote against somehow call our congressmen and work together to vote against the jury system. The jury system is very, very dishonest. If you don't put your focus there, it's going to happen over and over again. What do you mean vote against the jury system? How can you vote against the Constitutional Amendment? We need to get something on a ballot to pick a jury that is really clear from a range of people not on either side. But we're supposed to do that already. No, no. You don't do that. Yes, yes. I said we're supposed to do that already. I know, but the fact is when people come. The jury is supposed to be a balanced jury of the accused's peers. I understand, but do you understand how it's actually done? Of course. William Kennedy comes in and picks his people. If he wants and tells them that once he doesn't want because he's a defendant, you understand that? William Kennedy Smith doesn't come in and pick and choose his attorneys. The attorneys on both sides do it. How the prosecutors allowed an all-white jury to be impandled for the Rodney King trial has got to be one of the great mysteries in the history of the human race. I understand. But you have to break that down when William Kennedy's attorneys came in. The Kennedy's were in the room. What about it? They pick who they want for King and for these for policemen. They get to say who they don't want. That has to change. They'll have to be a random sampling of people that has got to be established to you. You're not going to have fairness. Don't you understand the criminal justice system is a joke. It doesn't work. It works for the most part. 99 times out of 100 with the exception of maybe Leonah Holmesley. It works for people who have a lot of money and for people who don't have money and can't afford a tremendous defense. It doesn't work. And just remember, William Kennedy was a $9 million in taxes. So it doesn't even work there. But by saying, if you don't want to talk about how that jury system is actually kicked, you are never ever going to want to talk about how to get it done right. See, that's the part that nobody really wants to get into because if that doesn't change, there's no way of ever changing this. This is a joke. We know it's a joke. But now to do something about it or get out, I'm ready to leave America. What this is done for me is this is told me. God says to leave, I'm leaving. I will not be here. I will make my Leonah leave. God says to leave. Well, I mean, the state says to leave. The system says to leave. Everything is saying to leave. This is not right. To be here any longer, I will be moving to Europe or Jamaica. I mean, I will not be here. Okay, good luck to him. 1042 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Land Tana. Hello. Yeah, I'll buy her a ticket. Well, I'll pitch in some. Okay, uh, I'll get it. The small one, though, Brian Gumbel, uh, head of a phone call, uh, one of the jurors out there, of its female, is she thought that Ronnie King was in total control during the 81 seconds. Uh, I think that when you're down on a ground and you've surrounded by people with guns and clubs and they're beaten the crap out of you and kicking you in there, and I think you're in pretty much in control, aren't you? Right. And she, she thought that, uh, throughout. And, uh, then Brian asked her, do you think the beating was racist? Even though they had tapes that they had cops saying that this looks like gorilla in the mids and, right, you know, right. What not? Um, and she just said no. She just figured that it was not a racist beating. And, uh, that, you know, what can I say? It's just, it just sucks. Yeah. And, um, that's it. I wonder if I would have been a white husband this year or a white son. If she would have felt the same way. Yeah. I don't know. Well, I think we should send Hank Goldberg out there. Okay. That'll still patch it all up. Okay. 1040, 1040, you fourth, Wiod. A pig report in Hollywood? They are how are you? Okay. Yeah. We got two of them sitting right over here and Sheridan and, uh, 441. Anybody, attempted to go straight, hadn't wefted on a shared the street? They're pulling you over if you're in the right hand lane. So the advice is to slow down, roll down your window and as you drive by, shout out. We can kill her. See that? That would do it. Listen, I want to voice my opinion. I want to thank you. I was involved, uh, about three months ago in this trial. I had a bit of a friend of mine was killed from a Miami police officer who was in a bar drinking about 10 to 15 beers at the bartender. No, she served them. He went outside, wound up shooting a shoot and killing a close friend of mine. He was also found not guilty. Right. The day the jury was supposed to go be sequestered to deliberate on the verdict. Miami police officers, eight of them showed up in full force with their uniform. Everything sat in front row, whether it was an intimidation factor or what was going on. Oh, sure. This is a fraternity. This goes back. This goes back to the thing that I always question. And I don't understand why this is so tacky. I guess you just not supposed to say this. But when a police officer is shot and killed, which is always a tragedy like we had in our North Miami Beach few months ago, all the cops from all over the country. State people who never heard of them, people who don't know them. They come in because there's this silent bond like there's this gigantic fraternity. I mean, if if some poor slob down the street, just then it's in Biced there, some poor kid from school gets a shot and killed in the middle of cross fire and some drug deal gone better, whatever that situation might be. If a plumber gets shot and killed by some punk who's running from the cops, we don't have the plumber's from all over the state coming, bring their equipment and all, you know, get in their trucks and it's just unbelievable. There's tremendous, uh, frightening, frightening thing that exists between police officers and I'm again, not condemning all of them. But there is a mentality that exists there that is absolutely chilling. It's a double standard to that three. Right. Exactly. There's one set of standards, one set of rules for those people in a position of authority. And then there's the rest of us. I feel sorry for the people in Los Angeles that are getting people are getting killed, losing her property, losing the loved ones. Well, that's another whole. That's, that's the nightmare. Absolutely no excuse. It must be the right. The rest of the situation to the police officers and not to the innocent people, because I'm sure the people that are getting people probably feel the same way as you. Exactly. Everybody else. You bet. And one other thing, I know you have a lot of listeners out there after African listeners, American listeners, white has spent anything. Exercise your vote to, this common November. Your president said that the law upheld, that to me, he's condoning the actions, use your right to vote and get him the hell out of office. Let him go back to Texas with his ritual and let somebody in there that can see through a problem like this and maybe put a foot down and I'll let the characters go on with it and this justice that they are doing. Okay. Have a good day. Thank you. 1047. I guess this is part of the kinder gentler, America, the kinder gentler, police force and kinder gentler justice system that George Bush was talking about. 13 to 11 at Wild. This Saturday, I'll be out at the auto optical at sawgrass. 1050 at Wild. The land of the used to be free in the home of the grave. We have two open lines, believe it or not, and I guess that's always believable. 524 at Wild. Volca. No. Yes. Nice to be a Bush supporter until our saws reactions to the way things went out there. I mean, it just goes to say, I mean, these guys had a sad in the sand when it comes to domestic issues. You know, you made the point like Americans are on putting anything back into the system. I think the country is really being run by fewer and fewer people. And that people don't go out there and vote, they're not going to be able to change anything. Well, you know, you look at these primaries. Now, yesterday in their Tuesday in Pennsylvania, they had less than 25% of the people that even bothered to come out. And the excuses, well, you know, the candidates are crappy. And I didn't vote in the Florida primaries either based on the same reason. But I'll tell you something, come November if people have the same kind of apathy and that same kind of attitude, nothing is ever going to change. Allegedly, the public is angry and they're mad as hell and all this other crap. And they don't want to take it anymore. But the only way that they can show that is by going out and getting rid of the people who are inflicting upon us to kind of crap that's going on and ripping us off with the SNL scandals and all the other crap. And inflicting upon us this police state that's taken away more and more freedoms and taking away rates from women to have any choice, any say about their own bodies. I mean, you know, every any progress that we made in the 20 years between 1955 and 1975 for example, or 1980, the last 12 years we just, we've wiped most of it away. Well, exactly. I mean, the people in the 60s, I mean, they said, okay, we have to go out there and change this. The way things are going now. And they went out there and they protested and all this. I mean, a lot of times, they got violent, but a lot of it was gone through peaceful protests. You know, and I mean, you gotta say the way things are going out there in Los Angeles. Now, I mean, there's a lot of people being victimized by this and, you know, the criminals out there just looking for an excuse to do their thing. But I mean, people just have to realize that in order to change this, they got to go out there and sell and that should run away for, you know, expecting the other people to go out there and change it for. Right. Okay. Okay. Cross their fingers. Thanks. Maybe something will wake them up. 93. I doubt it though. I really do. I don't want to sound like a total pessimist, but I am because I've seen it for too many years of my life that people's priorities are all screwed up and they're just not willing to give any kind of involvement or any kind of energy or even just a little tiny bit of their existence into things that count. So that's why, you look around the world and you see that people are starving to death by the millions and you see that people are overpopulating the planet and being encouraged to do so by the Pope and other maniacs who are running around the world in positions of power. It's called Fourth Misery, Fourth Suffering and talking around with promises of a lot of double talking bubble mice. He's it's madness. It's mass madness. I say Howard Beale for President. Two bad Peter Finches did. We could bring him back and make him president and he could go on and articulate the popular rage every night on television for a couple of hours. Because it's just, it's hopeless. It really is hopeless. You just let things get too far out of your hands and there is just a handful of special interests to control every damn thing that goes on in this country. And the rest of us can be dad man. We're just a little bunch of pions and if we get our nose out of joy, if we say something we're not supposed to, they come after you man and you've added. They step on you. They smear you, they destroy you, they do it and if they can't do that, they just wipe you out all together. Miami. Neil, hi, Doug. OK. Last night I came home kind of late and I turned on nightlines to see LA burning down. And when I first looked at him, I'm like, oh my God, there's a big earthquake. And I found out that it's the Rodney King decision. I was just like, I think everyone feels sick to the stomach today. Yeah, that's exactly the sixth year stomach. Because I sat there at my table at Papadau Park and I'm listening to the verdict coming. And you're just confident. You just know in your mind that it's going to be guilty. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be able to tape it. Everybody is listening to the testimony. And you just sit there and just stick to your stomach as exactly where I felt. And I still do. Everyone except the jurors that said that they'll be able to sleep well tonight and all that other times. Yeah, and some of the fraternal order of police guys who, of course, are always championing no matter what any of their members do, they're always, they can do no wrong and always salivating for the opportunity to flex their mind. I'm sorry, was it there a change of venue? Yeah. Right. Like I liked the guy said before, it would be like taking a similar case that happened on a 60-second street in Miami or somewhere in the middle of Liberty City and having a change of venue and holding the trial up in Bokus somewhere with an all white juror, a group of Bokus, a little white upper cross type people. It's just you're just never going to get a fair verdict. And then that's super late in the saying we got a change to the jury system. See, she was a face match. She has no. I have the right to pick like six and then throw out like six. There's a jury of like 52 degrees. However, I mean, she didn't have a point. She didn't have a point to agree, even though she was a space cadet. And that is, you know, sitting here and talking to the people that I do every day, five days a week, you know, 49 weeks a year. I would hate to think that my life would be on the line, that my future existence would be on the line based on 12 morons just picked randomly out there in the radio because most people in this society are morons. And they saw and heard exactly what we heard. We heard the corrals in the mids, jokes. We heard them laughing on the dispatcher's tape. Yep. I mean, as a director, as all of this case was forced to quit. Right. We saw different stories from all the different TV shows on how the police academies were now showing all the cadets, that's what they are. Cadets or stormtroopers, how to not use excessive force and all this. And we get this kind of decision. I guess they can use the king tape for a reference on exactly how far they can go. Well, no, no, no, how far they can go because you got to remember that this jury found that they never got to, they never reached that point. So in evidently, there must be a little bit more, you know what I'm saying? Another one's not that they can go out and see if they can do a little bit more and get away with that and how much rope they'll actually be given by the next jury before somebody says, what do you stepped over to line? Anybody who's been watching the inside edition series, I saw tonight I came back from vacation and part four about police officers who have speed. You haven't seen any of that? And what they've been doing is they've been tailing all these cops on the cover. Oh, well, we had that police captain, like, come right out of this restaurant flying out. Right. Then they're going like 75 and 80 miles an hour in residential neighborhoods and school zones and everywhere else. And well, they're on their way to the drugstore, they're on their way home for a hot dinner day or whatever they're going to do it. And then they get, then they corner them and they stick to microphone in their face, oh, oh, you're bothering me. I'm on my own time where they just walk away and they grumble as a, as if to somehow say, they can do whatever they want no matter what it is. And that's okay. And they all stick together and they're all up there on one level. And all arrest of us are like subservient, bunch of slabs and they can do whatever they want to. And then they're like, oh, I believe that's how it exists. Believe me, what I tell you. I believe it. Just to bring my own little story into the South of the Beach, kind of intoxicated. But not not so much. Anyways, two police, two beach police come up to me. This is right on South Beach. There's tons of people around. And there was a guy in a girl arguing. And I said, I mean, really, really physically arguing with each other to the point where one is the girl is slapping the guy in the cops. You just didn't know watching. And my country just kind of just go over there and just kind of break that up. And they're like, mind your own business. I'm like, all right, I'm mining my own business. And then the one cop goes, you don't tell me what to do. And he started pushing me, pushing me up against the one. I'm like, hey, I'm not doing a goddamn thing. And then everybody around me, you know, just sort of forming a circle semi circle. And I'm sure of those people who aren't there, that guy would have just had his way with his stick, you know? Yeah. Anyway. Like I said, I think back to the 31st of January, crossing columns Avenue one at the Wednesday or Thursday night, whatever it all was. And seeing these two plain clothes, a goofballs, racing across the street after me. And as I thought about it the next day, I know damn sure they wanted me to run. Yeah. And if I would have run, I could have been the next Rodney King. Exactly. If I'd put up my hand or done any, you know, it didn't stink. Yeah. But anyways, nearly have a good day and take care. Good luck with Solcer. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's going to do it. By the way, the bad news is that the ratings for the nine to ten hour went way up. That's the bad news for me. That's the bad. Now they did. The first time in recent memory at WIOD that nine to ten went up considerably from eight to nine. So I guess I'm going to be. Thank you very much, sir. Villadelli is here with a little sustenance to help us continue our mega resistances here. Rick and Sots will be along at two this afternoon. News from round of planet. I guess it won't be hard to figure out what the news from round of planet is today. Sonny and Joanne Sports talk at 605. And then my personal best friend, do let me a few little clipping in my box this morning. Forget it. Hank, you're wasting your time. Sheila McCray, formerly of the Jackie Glieson Show 8 o'clock tonight. The kids expressed by the guest host or callers and not necessarily those of this station. Now here's Neil Rogers on news dog radio. 610 WIOD. So in the midst of all this other stuff that's the transpired starting at about 615 last night, I almost forgot to mention that yesterday on her all those now it can be told show. There was the first segment about this guy who's in jail in Texas who allegedly has claimed to have sold Dan Quail Merrill on a 15 to 20 times some years ago. And just before the election in 1988 the presidential election this guy was and his attorney were to hold a press conference and lo and behold not only to the government intervene and stop the press conference but they put the guy in solitary until four days after the election. And now here he is and I wish I had more information on him but the problem is you won't read it in print anywhere because the story is being so well subdued and they had the guy by phone on a show and I think it was San Antonio, Texas. Neither San Antonio or El Paso. And the guy calls in allegedly anonymous guy to try to discredit him and talk about how he's a lie in the past and about about it turns out to be because they traced the call and the guy wouldn't identify himself. Turns out to have been the press secretary for Dan Quail calling in from Washington D.N.C. to try to discredit this guy who's in jail and who's being kept very quiet and that's destroyed the administration's doing everything not again and not that I think that's a big deal. But isn't it interesting how we have a separate set of standards and basically we have we don't have in democracy anymore. We've got like a dictatorship ship in the public's two-stubble to even understand it. 1107 to WIOD thanks to the Villodelli again by the way for a fantastic feast that we need something. This is like the last supper. It's like the guy who was in the gas chamber out in California. Remember they gave him the last meal he had got the big bucket of chicken and the big pizza. I wonder if Jeff Cohen sent the pizza out there. They could have saved the gas then. That was bad. Sorry Jeff, just a little joke. Just a little joke. But that Jeff is a killer though. West Palm on the Starline. Hello. Good morning, Neil. I just wanted to call the LAPD a bunch of baton bashing dish racks and douchebags. I lived in Rosanna's for eight years. I just wanted to make a quick statement. Actually I lived at Los Angeles in the AGUC. So this wasn't when a Davis was the police chief that fascists not see pig head Davis. No, it's still when a gate was there. But I had a friend that we lived right down in Watts on the border of Watts and we had a friend that had his car broken into. They tried to steal his car stereo. He caught the guy. He chased him down the street and the guy can run on with screwdriver through him to the ground. Put him in just held his neck to the ground. Somebody called the police. The police came and harassed the guy a little bit. Took him to jail and then pulled my friend aside to listen. You should have just beat the crap out of the guy because he's going to get out of jail in a couple hours and he might have told him lesson. And I think that's the mentality of the LA Police Department. It's really a sad state that it continues. So just wanted to pass on along you. Okay. Thank you very much. 1109. At WIOD, open line on the starline, starioD. Miami. Hey, now he does. Okay. You think that maybe it's about time that we can sort of volunteer in for the space shuttle. You know, it might not be bad. It can only be an improvement I would think. Better neighborhood anyway. A question. I don't know if anybody's brought it up or not. But the video that I've seen over and over again. Now one time that I ever see any of those cops as they were circling this guy tried to cuff him or put him in any type of restraint. Did you see that? No. I don't think anybody's brought that up. But all they did is circled him and kept beating him. And to me, the attorney should have brought this up. That the man was never tried to subduze a man whatsoever with cops or tie wraps or anything. They just circled him and kept beating him. I mean, after 40 is a 50 times, I would think that the man would be subdued. Don't you? Twenty minutes before the beating officer Lawrence Powell sent an allegedly racist computer message in response to another message that read, sounds almost exciting as our last call it was right out of guerrillas in the mist. Powell denied that the message was a slurron black. Unbelievable. This makes you sick. Yeah. This is a sad day. See, the cat first of all, a kind of people that we put in police work and we don't, we don't pay him any money. We just figured you can take any, you know, smoke off the street and make him or her into an officer. And so we take a lot of people who are sub-substandard to begin with and we give them a badge and a gun and a boots and the power to long. We set them out there and then they just act out there, a hatred and whatever they want to do. And then we say, oh, gee, we don't understand it. What the hell's going on? We can't understand why. I'm going to say the people on society who ought to be making money because they have very important jobs and because it's crucial if we're going to have a society that's saying and that works anymore. People like teachers and people like police and people, I'm talking about good people and people like politicians. Everybody gets all upset while they vote themselves of pay raise. What kind of a person is going to for 60 or 70 or 80 thousand dollars and all the graph they can get? Take a job like that. So it's okay if we play some more on, you know, $6, 7, 8 million a year to play basketball or football. It's okay. That's great because that's where our priorities are. That's why one of our big illegal pundits in town this morning on his radio show was debating us to, he really wished he could be talking a lot more about the great time yet at the arena and then important heat game last night. That's what it were America's answer because our minds are turned to yellow. Well, you said it before. Come November. That's the time to try to do something. Yeah. This is it, man. It's either we do a Disney Vemper or just we bought the farm. I'll tell you that right now. All right. We'll never get them in the hole. What you got in the hole. Okay. Thanks. We're holding. We're squeezing it. I'll tell you that right now. We have an open line in, uh, date 7519463. What is all that crap? Oh crap. Oh crap. Okay. Overuse that we have a lot of crap around here. Some of it's walking around in a hallway. Toyota of Hollywood extends. Sometimes at night. Toyota of Hollywood extends an open invitation to intelligent car buyers. People who can see through over and flip. 1115 at WIOD. And about 15 minutes we're going to be carrying a press conference with El Presidente dealing with the subject of the Iranian King trial and verdict. And after Matt that said, or that'll be about 1130 and we'll carry it. Del Rey Beach. Hello. All right. Thank you. Good morning. Good morning. It ain't much of one. Now it's depressing. I think of what happens is all this stuff that public enemy and all these guys have been spewing out there. Ice cube, ice tea, and all those jokers. You know, I always kind of laughed at them and thought they were pretty ridiculous. Which they are in some ways. But some of the things that they were saying came to fruition. Yeah. And, uh, I don't know. If the cubs were as good with their bats as these guys on the police force are. I think you may have just gotten the solutions here. Believe me, they swing a mean wand. I'll hear it see you that. We can hit our way out of a paper sack. If you could switch the two of them. Yeah. They might solve the kill two birds with one stone. You know, they're deep in say. They didn't miss the guy, you know. Right. Okay. I might have the answer. A possible solution. Okay. Not a bad one either. Quite frankly. 1116 at WIOD. We did Del Rey. Well, man, or is hello. How are you doing? Okay. Good. I agree with your comments. Obviously this morning and about how most people's minds are not really geared to dealing with some of the more important issues, but some of the superficial stuff. Well, all the foolishness. They've got a totally upside-down. In other words, the stuff, the fun and games, the nonsense, the goofy. That's like 95% of most people's lives in this country. And the stuff that ought to be important is like maybe maybe two or three percent. Where it ought to be, I'm not saying it's got to be totally the other way around, but it's upside down. Yeah. upside down. And the public somehow expects somebody at some Messiah's going to come along. Somebody's got the answer. Is there going to straighten everything out? We're just a helpless and hopeless and overpowered. And of course, a lot of it had to do with the assassination, the three assassinations in the sixties of the two candidates in Martin Luther King. And then I think you topped it off with watergate in the seventies. And I think at that point, the public just threw in the towel. And you just can't do it. If you're going to throw in the towel and they just don't play anybody else. Just say, we gave up. We've abandoned this ship. Yeah. But sometimes people's perceptions are not really, really as accurate as they probably should be about somebody. They've used the so-called the demagogues that they're setting up. An example I can give you, you know, kind of refers to the local area here. And somebody who's been involved a little bit with your station and everything like that. And building up this whole mythology and image and everything like that. Image of one. Well, last night at one of the larger casinos over in the Bahamas. There was a certain football coach falling down drunk, a big gambling, you know, $1,000 chips, everything like this. What is that? What is that? Again, I have no way of knowing if that's true. And I believe that's what does that have to do with that? I mean, it's just, you know, the people that things that people are important, like, you know. Oh, in other words, the people you're talking about, the people we put up on pedestals and worship and all this. Well, there's no question about that. The people that are doing this is the idols man. We put all these people up on pedestals and we run out and we buy their underwear and their colon and their armpit hair. And the public has got to stop with the setting people up on pedestals and idolizing and worshiping and trying to live some kind of a curious thrilling existence through all of these phony synthetic non entities and start dealing and coping with the real world. They've just got to do it. I'm hearing people talk about the legacy that they want to leave their children. Well, what they how are they going to leave them? Right. A bunch of crap is what they're going to leave them. Yeah. Yeah. Some of the people on Miami, it's seen this. So, so called the milk drinking family man last night that they would have been very right. Well, but, but again, see that. But there's no, I, which I have no idea. But no problem. Well, but I'm just saying to you, you've got to understand everything is image. Like I said the other day, everything is phony. Almost everybody is full of crap. What you see is not what you get exactly. And that's the deal. Everything is marketing and merchandising and packaging and pulling one over on the public. And that's what this country is all about. Yep. Okay. Okay. Thank you. What does it have to be channel 4 is doing what? You're right. Oh, Sheriff Nick is on channel 4. That fascist pig. What the hell is his story? Talking about, well, isn't that the kettle calling in a puddle, a puddle, man? The puddle? I can't even speak when I see him. Is that Sheriff Nick? Was that sunny from the market? Which one is that? With Susan Lickman? A channel 4. I mean, there. Is this like slapping us in the face that they bring in this fascist pig share of Nick? To analyze the situation in Los Angeles? This man who operates his own little fascist police state at the BSO down here? Another six months and everybody he's ever known is going to be under indictment. The way things are going with him. But let's bring him in and share his expertise. And of course, all you morons all you sheep out there come November again, are going to put this jackass back in there again so we can have our own little fascist police state without maybe with or without the barbed wire here in Broward County. Hallelujah. Unbelievable. Just incredible. Oh, yeah. We want strict enforcement in the laws. Yeah. Like, you know, that guy the other day who called, I made a big thing about him. I want to say that obey the law, but really what it's all about is just don't get caught. Do whatever you want. Just don't get caught. So pretend you're obeying the law. I think basically that's where it's at. Just put on a good act. Because basically our society, everybody's full of crap anyway. And they all say one thing. Don't do is I do. Do is I say. Don't be wholeier than now. Just say that you are. It's 1121 at W.I.O.D. You're wholeier than thou station. There's one thing. Yes. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. The very eye. Yes. Freedom. Freedom. There's no freedom. It's my life. I will see. That's how I look like. And when it comes, that's how I'll be. And I know she'll be offended. By the way, we call Cheryl on the thing and tell her that all the food is here. Because she's acting real early this morning. Because she wants in a wild in my life. There are things that affect me in such a way that they become overwhelming. Not too often, but once in a while, like this thing, that's been going on since about 80 clock last night. And so there are things more important than who's bringing in the food and all this other Cockerid that's going on. But we started out this morning. I came in and it was insisted that the Bruce from his jelly was bringing in food. And when I said, Villadelli, if there's day and every in food which they have, tons of it. People got upset about that. And now Sunny has decided, maybe inspired by the fact that Sheriff Nick was on and he saw the right here on Channel 4, also sent in food. Even I, as much of a slob and as big of an appetite as I've got, even I and my cohorts here can only devour so much food in one day. So again, as usual, things have not been controlled in the food chain. 25 after 11. And by the way, there's a lot of food here. Some beautiful sandwiches, definitely. No, seriously, spread the word because I don't, that's shameful for this stuff to go to waste. There's a nice kishki over there and lots of soups and salads and beautiful sandwiches. A whole bunch of mandil pickles and sodas, etc. So I don't want to go to waste. I'm sure Sunny sends some good stuff too, but I mean, let's get serious. Can you believe that? It's not even 11.30 yet. And we've already had three food deliveries. So, so if I'm suggesting that maybe things are just a little bit out of control. Guess I'm being a bad guy. Miami? Yeah, you know. Yeah. The guy just under, that I was going to talk about how groups like NWA and he's wrapped groups who for years now have been talking about this and they were labeled extremist. And you know what they were there, what's that happened on the very old scale and they're exaggerating about that. But some of the things that they've been advocating and the kind of violence and the kind of response to what they've been advocating is unacceptable. And we're going to live be a bunch of barbarians and just have total anarchy. That's the difference. No, no, I'm not. In other words, they've had a point, but their idea of how to respond to what is unacceptable. That's the problem. Well, they're responding to a, you know, this has been thrust upon them and they're responding to it. It's right. It's absolutely wrong. But you know, I'm mostly with an all about it. And I was eating before. And there are five weeks after Rodney King, there were three different people that were killed by the police. That just beat up. Right. They're actually killed. You know, the public jumps on this and it's, this is a serious thing. But it seems to be that the stuff just keeps going on and on and on and on and on and you're inundated with it. And the public continues to be brainwashed. There actually are a lot of people out there who believe that because somebody is a police officer. And therefore, they must always be right. Therefore, whenever you're accused of something, no matter what the situation might be, you're, you're automatically judged guilty by the public more often than not. Well, they're backed up by the people in the top. And we all know that, you know, our political leaders, you know, they walk on the shoes with these police chiefs. And, you know, when you're, if you present in Bush, you know, he's sanctioned by this police officer. Well, it's going to be real interesting to see what his comments are. He's coming out about three or four minutes with a press conference and we're going to carry it. And if he continues this line that he started pedaling last night about just as has been served. And we've got to respect the law in order, etc. And so on, he's going to talk his way right out of office. I mean, in about 15 minutes, I guarantee of that because if they were able to take immediate polls across the country, I would almost guarantee you that 70, 80, 90 percent of the public are nauseated and revolted, not only by the Rodney King verdict, but by the succession of one after another of this kind of so-called adjustus in this country. Well, he's what his boys in the war room and they're trying to figure out the best. I'm sure they don't give a crap about writing. Right. Now, they just want to know the political consequences. Exactly. I'm going to figure out the best political strategy in our party was the goal-cheating with the chief of some, something rather, and then when I was standing there trying to plan it away to the public and these talking about it is outraged. And this and that and the other thing when he's probably jumping up and down, pushing his fist in the background. Yeah. But he's going to what they're going to try and plan doing trying to- You have the politically correct answer for the moment. Exactly. People are looking for a foot in November. Obusually carries in his country. Well, haven't helped us, Tanya. He puts one or two more after some of the gathering men on a court finally either die or have to retire. He puts one or two more on there. And we might as well all just line up at the passport office and get on the first, well get union tours to make a special tour for us. Exactly. We've got all the details out there. I'm going to put it in the jets of warm. You got it. And it will be a way to go. Well, anyway, we can do it just to our best and both this crap at all of this. And like you said before, people think they're just throwing somebody up there and saying, OK, now until it's done, thank you very much. We're going back to all going to happen again. So we've got to keep on our pees and cues and get these badges at office. Amen. Good night. Good night. 29 after 11. Might as well be night to me because I was up till 2, 2, 15 this morning watching the satellite and all the stuff going on. So I have no idea what time it is. Miami, hello. Hail. Yes. Yeah, I just have to apologize to the people of Florida. You know, I moved here from California about a year and a half ago. And I used to, you know, had a pretty superior attitude that, you know, California respected people's rights more. And then it was a bad way way way way. It's really weapons my eyes. Not not not people in positions of authority. It's never been that way. When Ed Davis was the chief of police of Los Angeles. Yeah, crazy it. The stuff that's going on now is like child's play compared to the kind of fascist tactics that they used to in trap and harass and beat. And I mean, it was just unbelievable. If you were a member of any minority group when Ed Davis was police chief in Los Angeles, you might as well be waiting to get nailed. Yeah, he's in the state Senate now. And he's been interested in how his views have changed a lot. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I mean, to please the electorate, the military electorate. I don't know. I don't know what has to happen here. Just seems that people are so single issue minded. I mean, I mean, for example, in this area, it seems that it is a certain certain politics, certain ethnic politics. They'll vote a certain line that really thinking about what the other consequences are. Right. I mean, they're kind of blind themselves to just the crushing of our rights. Because any moron can function on an emotional gut level basis. It doesn't take any kind of intelligence. It doesn't take any kind of gray matter between the years. Anybody can be an emotional basketball case. You know, it just, it's insanity. It's insanity. People just aren't willing to take the time to sit down or read a newspaper or magazine or find out what the issues are or who these people are and along comes the Ross Perol and all these people millions of them. Oh, yeah, where do I sign up? We don't know who the alley is, but I don't like these other guys. This is the syndrome that we've got in America today. Let's just throw everybody out. We don't care who we put in. Let's just throw everybody out because we're angry and we're pissed off. We don't know any other way how to deal with the problem. One more thing. Santa, people who should be the most pissed off right now are the good cops. I mean, but they're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're just the problem. You know, every major profession whether it doctors or lawyers or police officers. This is one of the biggest problems is that for the most part, they band together to cover each other's ass. And then all of a sudden when the public becomes disenchanted with their profession in general, he's all a while you're saying all police officers. Why have you got a hospital attitude toward me? I'm a good cop. Well, because of the fact that they're willing to look the other way and all these organizations like the police, police benevolent association and the other for turn order of police, all these other rubber stamp white wash organizations. Always defend no matter what the alley doing right is I'm speaking. They're showing the damn video tape again on here. And it's enough to make me puke up my sandwich that I'm in here. It's just incredible how anybody can possibly watch that and say, well, there was no excessive force there. The guy had a Commodore. He's a bad guy. He had a record. He was black. He was big. He was dangerous. And you know, and here we got two, four, six, eight cops. And he's done. He still kick at him a couple of more extra times now. Yeah. Got him surrounded. He got him. And he still kick at a couple extra times. Here. Let me have another one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's ultimately, well, you know, last thing, you know, there are a lot of people out there who have given up. There are a lot of people who just don't in the town like you said. Well, if you throw in the town, then you're going to have to accept the consequences. Exactly. The, you don't come whining and complaining that you don't like the way things are going when you're not willing to be a part of it anymore. Well, it's really, really, maybe good thing they can come out of all of this is that people maybe have had their, the wool is back up over their eyes. Let's, let's hope so anyway. Okay. All right. Thanks. 1132. We'll see how our political mastermind president deals with us. Are we going to have any idea? Chuck said it was at a bottle of 1130 and it is now 1133. What church? We're just waiting for it to happen. Or just waiting for it to happen. Very well put. Well, let me do my snap-al-spot. Okay, because I'm sure that during the course of, our president today's brilliant comments, I'm going to want to sit back here and switch down a little bit of stuff. It's 1137 at WIOD. Let's do a North Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. North Lauderdale's gone. Okay, here's a lady in and for Lauderdale on the Sterline. Hello. Yes. Is this Neil? Yes, it is. What's going on, George? Neil? Yes, man. Hi. How are you? Okay. I called because I am a 30-year-old registered voter. And I wanted to say that I do intend to make a difference. I heard you the other day speaking about parole. And I was like you. I thought, well, who is this guy coming out of the woodwork here, who I heard nothing about? No, nothing about him. And I did find a good book at bookstops. The other day that is done, unauthorized biography of him. It does give a bit of information about him. And he seems to be, he might be a possible alternative. I'm concerned. I'm concerned. How long turn of the base done? What? Well, based on the fact of what the information I read and it briefly and in the book, which I did not buy, but I did read it. He talks nonsense. He talks in simplistic, baby talk. He talks about government by plebiscite about how we're going to send the electorate. We'll send laser beam messages to Washington to help the president and the leadership decide. And what we do on controversial issues, and we're going to get a consensus. He talks foolishness and nonsense. Well, where did you hear the site? I heard that directly from him on one of the talks shows on my vacation. I heard that directly out of from his lips. I heard it again on the face donation with Bob Sheeper Sunday morning. As Sheeper was sitting there with his mouth down to his knees, just googly eye, they're all man. This guy's really exciting. And isn't it great that we have somebody interesting now? Right. Not that he makes any sense or has any answers to any of the problems? Well, I did get, when I did read a bit about this man in the book that I did read. He did seem like he did tend to do a little bit of a knee jerk reaction to some of the things he's done in business and past. Talks about cutting a hundred and eighty billion dollars in waste from the federal budget. But when he's asked for some specifics about where it's going to come from, he can't give you one example. He can't tell you anything specifically because all he does is give double talk. But I don't really know that the other candidates are really being in specific either. But that's not the point. The point is he's got as much chance to get elected as you or I have. You know, I went down the road with the independent candidates with John Anderson. And I'm going to tell you something. It was a bad mistake because he had no chance to get elected. It was like throwing away my vote and I can assure you I am never going to do that again. Right. Well, I just, I think it's important that people investigate. I guess what I wanted you to, I wanted to make the point that there are a lot of people in my age group that are not registered to vote. And it's very simple to register to vote. It takes about two seconds to get involved in it. I just start getting prepared to do your to do a service to make a decision for yourself. Yeah. And if people don't do that, it's a shame on them. Okay. We just lost it. Okay. Your phone just cut out, but I think you said what you had to say. We have an open line in the Steriline. Steriline or D here is a hell and Dale. Hello. Hell and Dale? Hello. Yes. All right. This is Tamarick. Okay. That's close enough. This is Tamarick. Yes, man. I just wanted to say I am very, very appalled of what happened. Yes. On this trial yesterday. Okay. And I want to know if anybody knows why they were all white jurors and not one black juror. Because the prosecution bungled the case. Okay. This should never have been allowed to happen. They should never under any, if they had to go on for 15 months before they impandled a jury. They should never ever have permitted this to take place. Well, I think they should have a new trial. And that's why I can almost guarantee that there will be another trial. They can't have another criminal trial because there's no such thing as double jeopardy. They can't try them again. But as far as civil rights charges being brought against them, I can almost guarantee that they will be. And that these officers are going to have to stand trial again. Well, I hope they do. And I hope that something really bad comes to them. Because they make me sick to my stomach. Okay. Thank you for your call. I'm 41 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. There's another great intellect that's part of America out there. It's all out there for you. Five, two, four at WIOD. Now the word is that the president's delayed the press conference till God only knows when and even he has his doubts. What the message says. Okay. Well, I would only, they haven't got all their fingers stuck out the windows at the White House yet to see which way the wind is blowing. To see if maybe any of the smoke from my label drifts cross country and they can stick their finger out and kind of measure the political barometer to see what the president ought to say. Boca. Are you doing now? Okay. Unbelievable. You see, chef Dick on the TV? Oh, I saw his face. I didn't turn a sound up because I just been eating and I don't want to up chuck on the ear. You didn't miss much. He connotated himself about six times. Well, what was he talking about? He was saying how first all they're saying, do you think that, you know, they should have been guilty? Yes. Then he said, well, he doesn't know because he didn't see the video tape. He didn't see the video tape. Sure. Nick is the only person in America who did not see the video tape. I'm sorry about the nail. I said the Ryan said that's the only thing that he saw was the video tape that he didn't go into great details about it. It's just absolutely amazing. You know, Sheriff Dick is the next guy. It's, you know, it's going to come down here and, you know, it's going to happen down here. What do you mean it's going to happen down here? Nobody has happened. Don't you remember Arthur McDuffie didn't just eat what happened in Mercado? Yeah. Haven't you seen the kind of stuff that's been going on in the last three or four years? It's barely a five or six month period that goes by that we don't have another story about a police officer shooting and killing somebody. It's absolutely. And there's always some legitimate excuse for it, of course. You know, and sometimes there is, of course. But, you know, the sooner or later there has to be found sometime that there wasn't. And what does that go to happen? It should happen. And California is shown over and over the beating and it's just amazing. They put in slow motion and I mean, if that's, if that's improved them guilty right there, I mean, kicking them in the back of the head just, at one point, he tried to put his hand back so they can arrest them. But now they have to beat them and kick them in. It's just no justice in the world. I mean, it's just, you know, that's the subject right there. And that will President, so I don't know what he's going to say. But he's out in that field on this issue. And he's always been that way. Well, he says, just as it's been served and I have one response to that. So has lunch already, okay? Just as that, that 40 cents will get you watery cup of coffee. He wouldn't know justice is a bit of a Indiana. Okay. Okay. Have a good day now. Good luck to you. 1144 at WIOD. Good luck to us all as Tiny Tim said in a Christmas Carol. And I think he had, the guy had a pretty good notion of what was to come. Cross brings. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been listening to you since your FM day. Yeah. I've never had a reason to call. And well, here I am. I was up with you last night to two o'clock in the morning watching that go over John TV. Yeah. And first of all, I learned the true meaning of stunt. Because it was, it was, I was stunned last night. I couldn't believe it. One question. You and your listeners didn't answer so far as far as I'm listening to this. Only one. Well, one that's solo, who has been? Well, there are many questions in this world here. I mean, the jury said this beating was justified. So it's fine. And then if the cops would do that to you. Well, how much beating is enough beating? No, if they had caught them another five or ten times, without a finger. No, we already came to that. Let me read that quote again from, from the deputy district attorney Terry White. He said he had appealed to each jurid to find a moment in the 81 second beating. And which time they said enough is enough. And anything beyond this now is excessive force. Well, the 606 man and six women never found such a point is what it says. Right. So how much more of a beating would it have taken for them to have found that excessive point? Another 20 seconds, another two minutes, another six hours? Yeah. I don't understand that. I mean, if I do something wrong, maybe I'm all drunk. And I'm a little bit nasty to a cop. I mean, how much it ain't in the beat me? I know they can beat me for 81 seconds. But I mean, could they beat me? I think the video tape that's much much more revealing than even the Rodney King video tape is the one of the guy in Santa Cruz, which also happens to be in repressive California. And you know the one I'm talking about? The guy who's outside washing his car and it came along and the guy must have come for a child mass. Yeah, that they're looking for. Right in front of his home doesn't ask for any ID. Doesn't fight out for sure if this is the guy that he's looking for. And proceeds to knock him to the ground and beat him and club him and kick him and terrorize him. And the wife comes running out of the house and is looking on. And this stuff goes on routinely all the time. Only 99 and 9, 10% of the time nobody ever has a tape of it. And a big percentage of the time nobody ever even hears about it because they've got the public. So officially intimidated. Yeah, just I don't know. Just like with me, you know, I sit here on the air every day and speak out against the pigs and about the abuses and about what they do to the public. Including the thing with Ronnie King and look what happens to me, okay? They're out there just waiting for an opportunity to look over my shoulder or find me here or in a wrong place or in a wrong spot. And let's discredit him to let's mirror his ass all over the place. It doesn't make any difference who you are in his country sooner or later if you don't say the right thing. They're going to nail your ass or trust me. Well, if you're not sizzling, beating up on little old ladies and under business. What you do with your wife? Yeah, that's obvious. And in this town, if you are, maybe you deserve a medal. Yeah, I spent some time in Houndell. I know to go. Me and while I'm real jealous, you get your lunch served here. I'm cutting and chopping because I have 300 pounds to lose and I'm eating my tuna fish. Well, well, hey, you hang in there, sir. Believe me, I've been doing very well. And I come back from vacation feeling great. And now three times in one morning already, they're starting with a force feeding crab because it's not important in life that you've seen. But that your talk host, the drop state of a coronary on a year. Well, that's one we'll know how much is it. Exactly. Exactly. At least this one will not have any gray lines in it. Made you'll know exactly which little pickle which Pistromy sandwich was the one that was a little bit too much. Yeah, well, I want to know also, maybe you'll figure out by two o'clock. How much beating is too much? How much more than 81 seconds we could have. Yeah. I can't watch that tape anymore. I turn away from it. It's nausea. I guess it's the. My wife is a nurse and she can take that blood and guard the check-in. Okay, hang in there. Thank you, sir. Stay on the wagon. Have a wonderful day. Due to. 1148. WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Consumer Credit Law Center has been doing so well because. 1152. 1152. WIOD. Let me ask you a question, Adam. Can that be felt? Oh, I'm sorry. Let's go to candle. Hello. Now, how you doing? Okay. Hey, uh, let's see. I was up all night. I worked the midshift. You had a business down on Homestead. Uh, paid in tackle business. Uh, I'm not going to say which one because the owner is pretty good friend. But, uh, I just kind of like to share what you some of the ignorance that, uh, I witnessed. You know, earlier in the morning is we have a TV down there and. I had an on all night. Um, it was everything from, uh, well, the guy that they were beaten. Uh, had a rap. She as long as you're armed. Yeah. And, uh, what else was it all? Let's see. One, one customer said, uh, I was, I was hoping that they would. Oh, this is, this is in Homestead, right? No, I'm calling from candle. Hi, I live in candle. But where was the, the place where this took place where these conversations were held? Candle. I'm sorry, homestead. In Homestead. Okay. That's what I thought. So, uh, so keep that in its proper perspective. I'm not suggesting that Homestead has any corner on bigotry or racism or prejudice, but it certainly has an Anordant amount. What have you all been saying? I'm, I'm the guy. I called you, uh, let's hear it with a day after New Year's. I'm from Battle Creek. Michigan. Right. I said, anyway, you went to Michigan State and, uh, that happened up to do with what? No, it doesn't. That's right. But, uh, anyway, uh, another, uh, customer said, uh, I was just hoping for, uh, the acquittal of a forecoffs, just as just to watch these people burn down their neighborhoods. That's beautiful. Yeah. And, uh, you know, I said, well, look, I said, uh, you know, they had the guy's adude. Um, all I had to do was put the call found him and taking that. Oh, well, his rap sheet was as long as, uh, what the hell does that have anything? What about is that me? Exactly. What does that prove? Uh, you know, um, I mean, Arthur McDuffy, who was a beaten deadhead here 10 or 11 years ago. Uh, all he had was a suspended license he was driving, whether which is why he panicked and fled. And, uh, so whether he had a long rap sheet or no rap sheet or whatever, or whatever, and I was, that has got nothing to do with it. Exactly. Because once again, that creates vigilante just to get anybody who supports that means that police can be not only the ones who make the arrests, but also the ones who do an immediate trial in their mind in a period of a few seconds and then carry out the punishment. And, uh, you know, you know, I tell you, I said, look, um, the US one has the right out here. US one, um, what happens if Metro Dave pulls you over? Um, on a speeding, you know, you get out of your car. You figure you have a right to say something. It peed doesn't like what you're saying. You know, he put you face down the pavement and calls for backups. Right. I said the same thing that happened here. You know, I said, it's not a black and white thing. It happens everywhere. I can think back to the days. It takes a good memory to remember when spring break was still alive in four Loderdale. But I can remember driving the strip in four Loderdale and seeing the brown shirt for Loderdale police taking kids, uh, putting them up like you're describing against the back of the police are and just beating them senseless with their nightsticks. I mean, just beating and beating the crap out of them. And again, even though you, I may not have seen or anybody may have seen what preceded that, there still is no justification for that. You just can't lose your cool. You can't be out of control and say, well, I did it because ABC, you can't do it. You cannot be. In other words, once you have somebody in a submissive position and you've got them under control and you can cover them and you could put them in the, uh, patty wagon or the police car take them away, whatever it's going to be. That's it. That's it. That's where the line should be drawn. Exactly. Not just I'm going to keep kicking and beating and stopping and going crazy until I feel, uh, good about what I've done. That's why I guess that's the answer. I mean, we're enough as enough when they feel satisfied, when they're, when they're lustful, uh, violence and progression is satiated, then that's enough. That's the answer to that question. Oh yeah, and that's unacceptable in any kind of an even semi civilized society. No. No, it's not. And, uh, I mean, I dealt with a lot of, I found out, uh, a lot of ignorance today. Well, believe me, it's not. It's not difficult, sir. It's all over the place. Exactly. Just look out your window and it'll just dump all over your head. That's right. Good luck to you. All right. Thank you Neil. Be careful. 156 to WiodD and open line in dates, 7519463 and one in Broward. Five to other, they both go. Kendall. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I got to get into talk to you. Okay. I'm going to make one statement that, uh, I haven't heard anybody say. And my statement is, I have, in 50 years, I have never met a cop that should be a lot to carry a gun. The way it's going, uh, it's just, uh, what does that mean? I don't know. In other words, you're saying they're all incompetent? All the ones I met, you know, socially and, uh, I don't know, road. Uh, years ago, I drove a van. And I got hassled in my own driveway with all the neighborhood women out. They were having coffee. Everybody was standing around having coffee. Well, I'm surrounded in my own driveway by six police cars in broad daylight. And on the radio, I hear that the criminals are getting away. Yet they hassle me for an hour and a half. And finally, roadie kick it for defective equipment. Wow, two blocks away. The criminals were being in another place. Yeah, but those guys are probably a lot more dangerous than yours. So it was a little. Yeah, well, that's what it is. They also, uh, hassle my thoughts. Like sitting under the bushes with the radar and the van's car and all that stuff. That's, uh, it's not really very threatening work, especially in broad daylight. Maybe at night time, in some cases it's not the most savory kind of endeavor, but the broad daylight, most cases sitting behind a bush and pointing the gun on the street. That's not all that threatening. Yeah, it was, it was, it was unbelievable. Here I was driving down my street. Yeah. Well, if we had a 75 hour marathon, we wouldn't have time for all the horror stories that are seriously from people who have been abused and hassled and harassed over a peddly crap. And in the meantime, in broad daylight, right here in the city as I speak right now, there are people standing in the middle on street corners, uh, within yards of schools and the neighborhoods and the parks and whatever, peddling every kind of drug and hallucinogenic substance that's ever been invented. And for some reason, that continues to go on. And as soon as the sun goes down tonight, we'll have the little games out here on the Boulevard and up on federal highway. And there'll be a trapping the Johns and doing the thing with the decoy prostitutes. And again, wasting the police manpower that we can't afford to waste. How about taking whatever manpower we can afford and whatever we've got and putting them to work doing real things dealing with real crime and stop hassling and harassing the public who are paying the salaries of the same people who are turning around and making their lives not worth a grab. I guess that makes a little bit too much sense. Sounds a little bit too logical. We have any idea where the president is is he in hiding right now? Maybe noon, but he didn't say which day or which week or whether he's on Grinnich meantime or what it might be. Well, whatever he makes up his mind and a spinger comes back inside the door. We'll have it for you here. This is out Florida's news, trapping in weather station, news talk radio, 10 WIOD, Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and the Palm Beach. 12 O.A. to WIOD. Well, I tell you, we got CNN on the tube here and, of course, immediately as soon as he finished with his last Wimpy word about the Justice must be served and obey the law and etc. and so on but of course, to try to pacify everybody the federal government is looking into with responsibility of the audio and flew out of there like he had an incident's pants and now who do they bring on on CNN that I'm always there to a stir the pot O-John provocateur. I'm just a Jackson who we need like bad hemorrhoids at this time. 12 O-9 at WIOD. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello? Hello. Yes you? Hello. Hello? Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm sorry. Can I hear you? Who is in the gym now? A little better, you got a bad phone? I don't think so. Sounds bad. I'll give it to your best shot. Okay, I'm going to visit you from Canada to on to. Hey? Was I the man? Yeah. I'm sorry I have to call it this time in the situation. But I really agree with everything you said. And I may only want to thank you so very much for your program. I listen to you. When I first came in, I couldn't believe that you made me laugh so hard. Well that's great. First thing I'm not saying to that I'm not really good. The visit to this is working out. And when I heard your program that many made my day. Well that's great. So I really need her and sincere about it. I really really enjoy you. And she leaks the rope from it in the station up there. I listen to all these talks. And they said they were in Florida. And how down they were. When I'm listening to you and saying, Is this dog how bad can it get? Right. Melissa and best of luck. But thank you so much for your program. Okay. I'm sorry I had to call today. No problem. Take care. Thank you. 10 past noon in WIOD. We have an open line in date 7519463. Boynton Beach on the star line. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening to you. Yeah. That. No one has mentioned the Jewish case which happened about a year and a half ago. Up in West Palm Beach. Just on US one outside the Palm Beach post. And that was where two cops undercover cops stopped the Jewet fellow for hitchhiking and ended up murdering him. They, in the in the autopsy they discovered that his neck was broken. By these two guys who once an ex-linebacker who both way about 250 pounds or more is neck was broken. His atoms at a was crushed. His testicles were crushed. And they said he struggled and had a knife. Which everybody else claims that the knife was planted there. A pocket knife. It was an open pocket knife that he walked around and his pop with his an open pocket knife and his pocket. Yeah. I don't know whether you've heard of me. Do you remember it? Yeah. Two days ago they announced or the mayor of West Palm Beach gave the first payment of $400 and so much thousand dollars in an apology to Jewish mother. And the total payment is going to come out to 1.25. And these guys are off. There's another fine example of what we've been talking about this morning. Well in the editorial USA today, the lead editorial today, it says again, that news service study of 100 police brutality lawsuits found only five of 185 officers involved were fired. 19 were promoted despite their communities being stuck with $92 million in payments to brutality victims. These guys are going to go to some other town and end up being on the other police force and do the same damn thing. Yeah. It's unbelievable. It truly is. And thank you very much for the more I thought I'd bring that to the serve. Thanks for calling. You bet my pleasure. Twelve minutes after noon at WIOD, there's an opening on a Sterline SterioD. And did we have the press conference? Sir what? It actually was almost entertaining that we had all that other Mumble jumbo one there during that pause. And it was like so fast. It was like a lightning bolt because it's obviously a politically volatile issue. And rather than face what might be some very tough questions from the media, like how are you feeling today or something of that nature. El Presidente just did a complete 180 degree turn and flew out of there. Like somebody was chasing him with a broomstick. I mean it was just absolutely incredible. And of course there were some very weak need attempts to pacify those people who were bitterly offended by this transgression of justice. And on the other hand, the very stern admonition that the looting and burning and killing and crapped it's going out on the street is unacceptable human behavior and a must be stop which I agree with. But it's interesting there was the tremendous emphasis on lecturing on that and we must have respect for law and order and justice has been served, etc. And we'll look into it. If that'll pacify, we'll look into it. 1213 at WIOD, Pompatote Park last night again, congratulations Kelly Shepherd. Just knocked him dead. He won the driver's championship by me and hands down. There were six race wild. Let's do my me sure as hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. I think this is sad day in this country history. And I look back at the last 12 years of this Republican administration and I lay the blame correctly at their feet. They're complete ignorance of civil rights and ignoring those types of things have allowed a rise of 80, 70, a rise of discrimination. Yeah, it's all there. It's documented. I mean, anybody has to do his read a news magazine or a newspaper every now and then. And it's conclusive that there's been a dramatic, a frightening rise in the increases of crimes of hate and all these other bigoted episodes that are going on. Yeah, we keep pointing to figure with the Germans and the skinheads over there. We ought to take a much better look at what's going on right here. I think you remember those days of the civil rights movement earlier in the 60s in the feeling. I mean, how was unpopular? Can you circumuordes and describing ethnic groups that became unsocially unpopular? It's no longer that way. You can stand anywhere in the use of those words who's become quite quite prevalent. And it's really scary. And when I was watching Sheriff Nick on the keybie earlier. That is scary. I was thinking about the roadblocks that they set up the cross-analogator alley at the top. And I was thinking of the people that they did. And they go through the cars. They search the cars. Right. And you really are powerless. You can fight it. You can see them there and say, you're abarabating myself up right. But they're going to find some other excuse to give you a hard time. And how many times have we seen and heard stories last couple of years where they have gone in and raided houses and they've busted on a door and not port holes in the walls and beaten the crap out of people. All lead to discover that it was the wrong address. Oh, sure. But what disturbs me a lot is that if you see the people that they stop out on the alley. If you, if they, it's, how many times have I seen the group of black guys in a car where they've stopped? That particular car. And I suppose that that that that's stereotyped. Right. Or young white guys would long here. And it's, it's sad. It really is. And I, I don't care who the Democratic nominee is. Almost. I've gotten to that point where I'm just hoping that we have a democratic president. I hope that he addresses this kind of social issue. Well, I agree with you. I think it's a real tremendous indictment of the Democratic party that they've let us down over and over again by putting forward the weakest possible candidates. And by just totally dropping the ball and I'm afraid that they may do it again here. But I'll vote for Clinton come hell or high water any day of the week. If only for the purpose of just curbing this incredible wild. A headlong dash to the right and all of these efforts to try to pacify this right week. Lunatic fringe wasn't too many years ago when they were the Lunatic fringe when people used to laugh at them with these right wing fundamentalistic extremists. Holdier than now hypocrites. And now they have control of the strings of government. And if they get in again is no telling what's going to happen. Yeah, one other thing if I might mention also. Um, unboundary violence. Um, encouraging violence teaching people violence. It starts to vary early age. And if I teach my kids nothing else, I hope to teach them to turn the other cheek in the sense of lacking away from it never. Trying to never encourage them to. If I don't send them to karate school and I don't teach them how to use a gun. Uh, I teach them to avoid it. They'll have a loss. And certainly there are times where you have to protect yourself. But not. I'm learning to over. And these are things the American public collectively doesn't want to deal with any of these issues. We live in a frighteningly violent society. We're still with the wild west mentality from the cowboy and Indian days with this glorification of guns of every type, every, every, every size, every shape, every kind invented. And so long as the public continues to defend this and promoted and accepted as though this is the way things are supposed to be, it's never going to change. Never going to change. This whole society is nothing but a monument to violence. And we became a movement so bombarded by it that we're just desensitized. Most people are immune. I mean, even after they show you the Rodney King videotape the first 300 times, it's almost like it doesn't mean anything anymore. Well, if I call anybody, it would have been you because I think you understand, are beyond anybody else's community exactly what the person this country is and where it's headed. Yeah, well, the president's on his way out now to see if he can find the pulse somewhere. Have a good day. You're true. Bye-bye. 22 past noon at WIOD. An open line in date, 7519463, PizzaTroth man, Jeff at the PizzaLoft says, we're not the fastest. We're not the cheapest. We figured there'll be a ripple effect on the audience with that. I'm sorry, there was a little inside the joke there. 26 past noon at WIOD. That did not have to do with ripple out of a bottle by the way. I want Henry D. It all excited. Did we do the press conference? Have you ever had an experience like that where you like anticipated something for a fairly good amount of time? And then it happened and it was over so fast. Yeah, I guess we've all had experiences like that. And then you think back, yeah, it did happen. Only those kinds of experiences usually are good ones that you want to savor as opposed to the one that we just had before. That was incredible. This like turns around and storms out as in storm trooper. Del Rey Beach. Yes. Yes. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? First time calling. Okay, man. Listen, I want to say this first off. You were the first man in history that I know that felt the same way that I did about the dictatorship in this country. Police state. Okay. I thought I was the only one in the world that thought that way. No way. You know. At least there are two of us paying attention anyway. I'm telling you. I can only hear you because it's got a bad connection. That's why I'm talking loud. Okay. I'll talk loud too. Okay. How's that? I have to look at better. Okay. How's that? I can't hear you. Okay. I won't wait for it. All right. Look, Neil. Hello. Yeah, I'm here. Okay. Listen. You know, I could be wrong, but maybe you're the man that can tell me what I'm right or not. Now, these girls knew or should have figured what kind of implications would come in with a decision that they made. Yes. And let me mention again. I don't want to get anybody hysterical. But I will say it again. In case people are to wear of it. That they decided on a quiddle in the first day. One day. Right. And the only reason that took all the other time was because they got hung up and wound up as a mistrial in one charge of one of the four officers for excessive force. But other than that, unless then a day, they decided that all of these guys were not guilty. Right. Well, what is it talking? I mean, they knew the implications of their decision. Body would hope so. And these officers that were on TV right after they were coming out of court, they knew the implications or possibility of an implication with their faces on the TV right after they come out of the court. So you're saying that there might have been there might just have been a wee bit of an intimidation factor. What you're saying? Well, what I'm trying to say is this. In your opinion, is there any way possible that the jurors and the two officers that were on TV could they possibly be charged with Insightment to riot? No. They can't be. No. Okay. I've been wrong before. Well, how can they be charged with Insightment to riot? All they did was even though they did it, it pathetically and erroneously, they did the job. They went out. They deliberated. They came back. They were in a horrendous verdict and whether you're like it or not. You can't use that to justify the kind of aberrant behavior that's going on in the streets again for the Umpteenth time. I mean, this kind of thing has been repeated over and over again here and in Watts and in Nwork and in Detroit and in Chicago and just about every major city in this country and it not only doesn't accomplish anything, it is just absolutely totally unacceptable behavior. It's not acceptable. It's not not to mention how destructive it is within people's own community. It accomplishes nothing. Well, that's true, too, because they should have went downtown and, you know, to up something where it would be. We should have gone and torrent something up. Okay. Have a wonderful day. And by the way, they did a set fires in downtown Los Angeles. So if you were up watching last night, they spread it around. Totally unacceptable. Even people already are dead. Hundreds injured. And who knows how many millions and as I was sitting watching that stuff last night having spent considerable amount of time on and off in Los Angeles. In fact, the last time I was there, I remember very vividly driving on the Santa Monica Freeway and looking around and in the middle of the day and noon on a Sunday and you couldn't see the buildings. I mean, until you were just like right up on top of them, they were right next to where you were on the freeway. You couldn't see them. And then as you were came toward the big, gahali wood hills, you couldn't see the hali wood hill sign. I remember trying to show somebody the sign and the only problem was you couldn't read it because you couldn't see it. And I'm sitting there watching all of these flames in a smoke and this crab, building up into the air and I'm thinking to myself, boy, if there's any any city in America that can ill afford to have any more pollution spewed into the air. This is the one. And look at that, isn't that something? There's Darrell Gates. They're taking the feed from on CNN from KTLA, Channel 5 at Los Angeles. And now my lunch is starting to back up a little bit. For Lauderdale, hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Okay. I think what really gets me is when you get guys like Mr. Ego, you're Roy Black and all the other people are saying, well, you people won't even see 90 seconds of the video. These jurors have seen three months of of all this and they made the right decision. Let's just just say something to you. I can't believe this. I say something to you. I have in front of me and I have no idea where we got this from. I have in front of me a copy of a memo. I don't ordinarily publicize the lightball because if you could see the book. Most of the day they have like point three's and point six and my Mr. Ego is on like point nine's and point eight's. So they're not even affected. The listing audience is so miniscule. It doesn't bear responding to however I have in my hand here a copy of a memo from Nick Lawrence assignment editor Ray Rodney King verdict. It says all talk host Steve Kane and Rick Siderman in our way my women says all today. Talk host Steve Kane and Rick Siderman will defend the police is acquittal. Steve and Rick will show support for the police. They will take calls and interview guests throughout the day. All media welcome. Oh, I see this was sent to somebody at the I don't want to say next door at Channel 7. All media are welcome. Okay. So in other words, talk about contrived and pure dane and see that's the thing that disturbs me about some of these people no matter what the issues are. There's a time for show business and there's a time to be serious. And you know, at times like this, when there's something that is so gut-wrenching and so strongly touches any of us who have seen the tape and followed this trial and you know, and gone through time after time after time with the acquittals and the riots and the burning and all the other social crap that comes along with it. Sooner or later you've got to find some little bit of yourself that takes something seriously and you turn off that stage pre- conceived contrived crap and you just be a regular human being. But there are some people who are just not capable of that. I mean, you got Roy Black on Channel 4 who's saying, well, I've been in the criminal justice system for 22 years and I've seen it and you've got to let everything work and all the people of all the black is all the black is also the same guy who said that William Kennedy Smith's getting a lot of hot dates now too. So I just find that I mean, I just can't believe it. I think we've all seen the same video and I don't know what video tape the jurors were watching but I don't think it was the same one everybody else watched. Well, maybe the inventor of county, there's something in the air there and healing there that doesn't meet the eye and what I'm saying. I hear you. Okay. Right Neil. See ya. 233 in other words, maybe there's something in the air as thunderclap Newman would say. Wouldn't it be something if I had that? It's funny that sud did me a pretty big favor when he actually astute up all my cars because I found things I didn't even know were there. No. Boy. By Ron Zeta, I guess we could put this on an endless loop and play a 24 hours of day now. Anyway, it's 1234 at WIOD. Hello Neil. I would say one of the tardies but it's not a good way. It's a very depressing. Good. Good twisting crappy day. Yes, it is. I'd like to keep a good attitude and try to think of it as a possible good thing coming out of this. Hopefully maybe people will wake up. I was just thinking that before you said that, it may be this is what it's going to take and maybe this won't even get the job out of the crowd. Maybe this will be the straw that broke the camel's back because the public is angry. They don't know exactly what they're angry at but they know they're being screwed. They know they haven't got any money. They can't get a job. They're just getting it on all fronts. And now they see this and they see they've seen the tape over and over. You see with McDuffie and with all these other cases, we never had a tape before. We never had the smoking gun like we had the last watergate tape with the smoking gun with Nixon. Now we have the video tapes. Yeah. And now everybody all over the world. Can you imagine what they're thinking in other parts of the world? They already looked down on us like we're a bunch of barbarians but can you imagine what they're saying now about American criminal justice and the rest of the supposedly civilized world? They must think we're just totally mad now. Or nuts. Well they're unbelievable. It's unbelievable that could happen. And all right enough for that. But what I was going to say is that Nick Sheriff Nick, he wasn't only on television today. Well I'm sure I'm sure he's going to get media of the ghetto photo opera. I had a nightmare last night. I had a bad enough night of the was. He was on a high 100. Why 100? Yeah. He was the guest speaker on my 100. There's one question about my wife. There's one question that immediately comes to mind. That is why. Yeah. Well, one of the reasons not to, you know, whatever. See my wife wasn't to the alarm when off and it was like my nightmare just blew into, you know, and it continued when I woke up. He was the guest on 100. Anyways. Well we sure know that he's not a media hounder that they exaggerated up 60 minutes and he just did. But I'm standing elected official trying to enforce the law and trying to do his job. Slovenly as it may be. Yeah. Screw him. And I love a vaccine too. Okay. All right. Put him back on the boat. 1236 at Wio. We have an open line in Broward. 524. We need an highman Roth back is what we need. I'll tell you that right now. You will laugh. I'm telling you man. So maybe Mario does have some connection somewhere in the family. There's a crooked nose. Good. Please, you know, is what's numbers to call? Boy. The Democratic Party has let down the American public the such a degree that they're not even grasping at straws with little Yahoo-wisels like Ross per anybody. Just anybody. Give us somebody. We don't care who it is. Anybody who's different. Anybody who isn't part of the same rubber stamp establishment. Money sucking public screwing bunch of crooks. Anybody, please. And we can't find anybody. And then, of course, we turn around on our good friends in the media who are busy doing heavy duty hallucinogens themselves. Are real worried about who slept with this one and did he inhale or did he exhale and did she swallow or not? That's what the media is all excited about. 23 till 1 at Wio. D here for the 90s for you guys. We have come to get a new house. We have come to get a new house. Hold your breath. Inhale right now. Not wait to make bad advice. Don't inhale. I'm sorry. That was the wrong advice in a political election year. 1242 at Wio. Do you want anything? Anywhere. Can't even inhale. Why? Let's try a pompano. Hello? Hello? Yes sir. Yes. I've got a little bit to do with the horses and stuff. And I look back on a rodeo where one man jumps off of a horse. Grab full of a cow, frozen toe to hogtizing by himself. And I just can't understand how four police officers have to stand back and go. They just showed it again on CNN for the 632nd time that I've been keeping count. Because by I'm sure by midnight it'll be in the thousands. But they showed it again. And as you watch the 81 seconds on the video tape and I said this before, but anybody can say anything. But you want to make sure you know what you're talking about. There are a couple of times that he gets to his knees. He gets about as far as, you know, like a cow like hunched. And briefly for like a matter of two or three seconds. And at that point they just club him down into submission. And as he is in a totally prone position, flat stomach down on the ground is when they're kicking and punching and inflicting and three or four at a time in some cases beating and clubbing. And I mean, and you can see in the manner of which they're doing it, the incredible zeal and the thrill they're getting off undoing is what I'm saying. How any group of 12 people with eyes and ears and a brain, even the size of a pee, could watch this and come to the conclusion that there was not excessive force. And that these people were not totally out of control. There is no way to justify it on the face of the earth. It is just absolutely beyond explanation. Yep. Yeah. The only thing that I could possibly think of is it's going to wake up middle class. Because you've got the idiots that are burning and you've got the stop over. You start a group as whatever you want to say on the other end that they're on the other end of the scale. And everybody is kind of like in the middle. Yeah. This is like it's enough. Yeah, but all the people who are on the middle are getting it sooner or later. I mean, there are a lot of people who have had their own brushes. I mean, we hear from some of them today and I have my own thing. And then, of course, the thing with the cops behind the bushes, let me say it again with all the money that's being used. The so-called DEA and all the other drug fighters. And of course, they get their photo opportunities. They show all these bills of pot and coke and whatever. And the fact is that out in broad daylight on street corners in this and every other city of more than a handful of people in this country. There are my house. There are people peddling every kind of mind-altering substance that has ever been invented. And they can't be bothered with this. Oh, yeah, they don't know about it. They can't be bothered with it. And as soon as the sun goes down at about 8.15 tonight, they'll be back sitting on the side streets of Biscayne Boulevard in date County in our federal highway in Broward County. With their little decoys with the Johns and the prostitutes and playing their baby crappin. The same old stuff they've been doing for years that hasn't changed to goddamn thing. But in the meantime, all the stuff that's going on out there every day. They can't deal with them. We're spending billions and billions and billions of dollars allegedly fighting the so-called drug problem. And then we turn around and have companies like Cox Broadcasting tell you, look out because middle of June comes and all you people who drive company cars. We're going to have mandatory drug testing. I mean, what are we talking about here, sir? Well, you know, here's another one that they said, the idiots that were burning down their own neighborhoods and stuff. Because they were protesting, their brother being beat up. Yeah. Right. They're dragging a white guy out of a car beating him and the police are nowhere to be found. But I mean, on the same line, they're doing the same thing that was the other end of the world. Right. So, but that's justified for them. But the police say, well, it's justified for them. But again, keep in mind the people who are doing these things, just like the ones who did it here after the McDuffing murder. These are just punks who are just absolutely autocontroll. I have no kind of conscience whatsoever. No value on human life. And it's pathetic. But again, it's like a side issue. You've been working middle class America to wake up and just put an end to both. I mean, to stand up and say, look, we've had all of you and we've had all of you. And put them out in the stage. You're putting them in a stadium or put them out of the woods and let them kill you. No, I want to tell you what it's time for. It's time for all these attorneys who are too busy and rate raping the public. We've got, you know, we must have 50 attorneys for every person and every animal on the face of the globe or within this country. It's about time for those who have any kind of conscience, any kind of common sense or decency to stand up and start fighting back against this intrusion against our rights. And instead of worrying so God damn much about whether the heat played a good game last night. And should I be talking about that this morning? I'm getting sick and tired of people who go through their entire lives who can't escape juvenile attitudes in juvenile behavior and really say God damn it. There are things that count and I'm going to really be devoted to those things. If I have to put my lungs out about it. Exactly. Second time. You know, and sacrifice a little bit so that the point is right. Right. But do it right. And start indicating and count, towing and sucking up. Yeah, let's get some people out there who've got some balls if we can find anybody in the search party starts right now. But it's exactly what it does. The button needs to do is we need to have a number or we need to have something to start and to finish both ends up and middle people need to stand up. That you want safe schools, you want this, you want that. 1248 at WIOD. We have an open line in the center square five two four nine four six three five two four. WIOD. This Saturday noon to four. I'll be at Auto Optical. If you haven't been there, it's in the saw grass mills mall right on sunrise Boulevard. And prestigious swallowing like plantation acres sunrise. I think that's sunrise. It's out by me anyway. And it's the yellow two can entrances the way to get immediately into the auto optical shop. And you'll find an incredible thing waiting for you. A fast friendly service, which is unusual these days. You can get your eyes examined by an independent optometrist. Have your spitty guy glasses made in just about an hour. And we're talking about better quality and designer I wear with 30 to 60. 30 to 60 percent below manufacturers list price savings. Auto optical prescription I wear comes with a one year warranty on frame break. You're lens scratching too. And we'll be giving away some boshanlom's Ray band sunglasses. Pairs of tickets to the five remaining canes home is based home baseball game. Snap, they'll give certificates, landest children's passes. And of course my usual ugly pictures and our committal house goodies etc. And so on factory reps will be on hand too from all kinds of the top manufacturers like solar optical and career fashion I wear and sir and get an alcon and linear Roma and McGee and our evenerchi Roman all the other top names too. It's the open house and we'll be there this Saturday noon to four at auto optical inside the yellow two can entrances of the sawgrass mills mall. News happening halfway across the world. Far away from each one news, Jerusalem news from an Asian's capital. In Washington, Jimmy to pre new stock radio 610 WIOD news from a state of capital. Richard Tallahassee, Dean or Miami Beach. Let's go to a cutlerage. Hi uncle Neil. Yes sir. Well anyway the show I'm not kissing up I'm a chronic but the show is so important today. It's taking all religious and political overtones. Religious overtones. Even almost religious it's so important. The last time I had a winner in a personal collection it was Jimmy Carter and God let's get a Democrat in there. And that was nothing to write home about. I know the first it's first of all I know we got a lot of colors called in. I won't get off here but I've been a victim of police brutality twice the last seven months. I live in cup of rich. What I'm having. Well that explains it. Well one happened in cup of rich and one happened in Palm Beach Gardens. The first one was with Syria. It cost me $1500 in attorney's feet. I don't have a arrest record but this this this is not see pig. I'm telling you the truth. All the file to police report. I won't get the whole thing go this is too complicated. But in an etchel he falls the file to police report and locked me up. I had to send $1500 in attorney's feet. Plus I have to go to five. Five weeks. And he's a very nice of a value of moral course. This this this big to be going to the moral course. I mean I was I was in I said he illegally arrested me and he falsified a police report. That comment. Well that's your sounds unusual false police report. I could tell you plenty about that. Just kind of make it up as you go along. Hey hey they made up as you go along. The last one was was sort of tutor was an old pig in Palm Beach Gardens. The wife and my five year old and I were driving back from Atlanta. We were all the term pike coming home in the kitchen rich. There was just pig going about in a state trooper going about 55 miles in on a 65 miles home. I said my crew's control is 65 but I wasn't going to all in a pan. You'll love this. I passed him immediately blue lights me. I pull over. The first thing I said to him. He asked for my driver's license and registration. Blah, blah, blah, blah. I said officer? You know what wasn't being. He said in a real smart ass tone. I didn't say you were speeding. He said you got two counts against you. He said first you have a illegal obstruction on your window. Which is one. You know what that illegal obstruction on my. Oh my god. I know what I just asked. It was an unbelievable meal Roger. Oh well that's it. You should get 20 years then I think that explains it. This pig didn't like my uncle Neil. Yeah. And he said also you don't have a seat belt on it. So he gave me a $20 ticket and he made me sign on a form that would take the license. The bumper sticker off. Of course I haven't put the I thought a pop at it. Another bumper sticker. Listen get one of those little swastika decals. Man I'm telling you you'll never get another ticket as long as you live. Okay. Hang in there pal. Hey, let's say off the pig and in a not these things exposed. Okay. Great. 255 I said give him life. We have an open line in date 751 WIOD. Here's a lady in pop and oh hello. Yeah Neil this is the first time call for me. I just think that I know what it's like to be living in not see Germany now days. Uh huh. It just is really frightening that there is no check on the authority in this country. Like I don't know what the jurors were thinking when they did that. Well maybe they weren't. Yeah. And I had an important lunch date. Maybe they were afraid to get and pull down for two. I don't know. Okay. Well thanks so much for your articulate response. Let's go to Little Havana. Hello. Hey Neil. Yeah. Well first of all you write about you know there comes a time for show business and then one for being serious. Right. That's not why I'm going to give you my fake accent and how why do you my ghing go to the front and all that you know what it is. Right. Are we treating this in two separate issues or one the beating and subsequent verdict on Rodney King and the rioting going on? It's got to be two separate issues because there are you know the people who are doing the rioting for the most part are not people who really have any great philosophical feeling about the real issues and they're just a bunch of aberrant punks who sees upon the opportunity just like the ones we have at this community and wait for something like this. In fact, they probably just wait for the time that they know that we're going to get a verdict at which point if it doesn't come out the way that their community doesn't like it. They see upon that to unleash their madness. Now that's that's a separate issue and I really I can't believe that anybody except the most irresponsible advocates of violence and civil disobedience could possibly condone that activity. It's not acceptable. You're right. It's a totally separate issue. No, you're right. There are two issues and I don't condone that either. I've always sort of followed Gandhi's passive resistance philosophy although paradoxically I've seen in in having lived for 35 years that passive resistance changes very little or nothing. Well burning down your own neighborhood changes a lot but it's all negative. It doesn't change anything in a positive way and it's been done. It's like neurotic repetition. It keeps being done over and over and over again and here in 1967 they had a rights and Detroit. It is now 25 years later and there are still significantly large neighborhoods because I've been back there that are still boarded up and just like they disappeared like they were just eradicated never to be born again. It's just like they murdered parts of the city. So it accomplishes absolutely nothing in a positive way. You look at the last 35 years of Cuba and isn't that an example of a place that has incurred no violence of its people in an act of overthrowing and that's why it's still where it is. Where have if they I don't understand it seems to me that they overthrew the government and Batista ran for the hills and that's how Castro got in the first place. So if you're suggesting that totalitarian government is what we you know. The overthrowing of Batista was a violent act. They have not done any violent acts against Castro. How they? Well they don't have the opportunity. He's got all the weapons and they've got you know a big mouth and it's about it. Violent and you have to think of a mouth though. They make some an offer they can't refuse. So that's true but violence sometimes comes from the soul of the people. But you know if you're suggesting we're going to have another American revolution. It isn't going to happen sir. Well when you start off from anybody. Anybody remember can't state by the way. Yes. Yes. It's not going to happen. But it's a times in a not forced. I don't want to sound that I'm for because I was a point since it is an election year. As of this moment, I can't speak for you know a week from Thursday. But as of this moment, we still have the opportunity at the ballot box to make a very loud noise and a send a message and to get these bastards out. And to stop the erosion and the dissolution of all of our freedoms and the turning back of the clock to the dark ages. And so while we still have that ability, let's do it. Well, it's largely sometimes you've got to hit the bully back though. Meaning what? What does it mean? Well, society behavior starts from individual behavior as one person. And when we accept abuse is upon ourselves like either a wife being abused by her husband or a child being abused by another person. And you will not tell you what you go first and we'll follow. We'll watch and see what happens. We'll be back after the WOTA clock news. Rick and Suds are two. 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show. They get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day. In Broward is 524 WIOD. Outside the 305 airing code, so free 1-800-944 WIOD. And Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star-io-d. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on news. Dog radio. 610 WIOD. No, I don't listen to the one to two hours. Wouldn't be prudent at this time. I don't know that it's fine. We have something to tell you about. We have something to tell you about. We have something to tell you about. We know how to be carried away. People think they're listening to Zeta. It's one way to WIOD. The out of town line is open. So, I guess they've shot their commentary. At 1-800-944 can drive controversy at Sirong Station. 1-800-944-WIOD. Key West on the star line. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Just a thought on how people, everyone's wondering about how the jury's to come up with this word. It's just a microcosm of society. We were down here, he practiced this morning. We were talking about this issue and just then shocked about it. We got finished and we were, you know, they're in there and flow. We take a couple bites of food and we hear this out of tables. And the lady says, well, I just really believe that those police officers feared for their lives. Yeah. Because all of these guys know, he's had a, you know, the criminal record he had. He was very long as long as his arm. Right. And I just wanted to say, you know, they hear one cliche like that. He had a rap sheet as long as the arm and that becomes like the pad answer. It's just, I believe, they're pretty much, and ignorance and general stupidity. That's exactly. And also, you know, we want to change so much. And we sort of have ourselves to blame because the people that we've put in power that we expect to affect this change don't want it. They have, they have the power. They don't want to change the lawyers and all this, you know, the lawyers are getting rich off the floor. Of course, they're probably the lawyers are too busy doing creative. Oh, yeah. Creative law, the creating things like kids suing their parents for parental, malpractice. And all these other things were one of the neighbors who's the next door neighbor because he looks ugly. Yeah. Yeah. They're creating ways to make money as opposed to worrying about defending the freedoms. See, once you lose your freedoms, then nothing else, whether it's the economy or the environment or nothing else means anything because you're totally empowered to do anything about any of those other things anyway. That's exactly right. So the only things that really count first and foremost and above everything else are your individual freedoms and man every minute of every day that goes by, we're losing them. Exactly. And in these people that the district or heads in the Senate doesn't affect them unless it's like you said before, it just drops right in their living room. Well, here it is. It's in all our living rooms now. And we've got ourselves to blame. I thought we've got the same. Okay. Thanks for calling. 10 past one at WIOD. The star line has opened star IOD. Let's do Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'd like to go into how far this is going. Last night, you know that the Congress voted for let the Justice Department have the bank records. Right. Originally, when the Justice Department asked for it, all of Congress said no, both Democrats and Republicans. Yeah. But now they're all shicking in their boots and they're there. They want to at least give a cosmetic appearance. Of all yes, we want to be fourth right and honest. No, here it all is right. And what we have nothing behind. The partner wanted for citing checks. There's no way in the world. If they you would it them, they can find anything about citing checks. They can put it together and fish and fill in. What does that mean? Sir, what does that have to do with the price of rice? What does that? Because originally Congress said no, they're not entitled to these things. Yeah. Okay. Well, thank you so much because I have recently as a great deal to do with our freedoms and with the issues we're talking about it. So 11 after one at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 5249463 524 WIOD, George. For their size, there's some of the most vicious creatures on earth. They exist only to feed their queen and protect their mound. And they won't hesitate to sting your children or pets if they get in the way. Fire ants are more than a nuisance. They still need the laws there to protect us. And we can't afford to let this become a police state period. That's it. If you notice on the news, I'm sure you were watching it. That everyone they interviewed and lost their lives. That had a head on their shoulders. We're over the age of 30. That why are we doing this on neighborhood. We live here. The prices are going to go up on the stores of fix. Yeah. Well, you know, I was watching it last night. And the shots from the helicopter. They were zooming in as close as they could on the punks running around through the streets. They were all kids. They were all teenagers. Just like what we had here in Liberty City 1120 years ago. Two things that are against the world. No question about an excuse to go out and do bar just grow test. Aberrant things in the streets. I agree. Thanks. One 18 and Wild. We have an open line in the Broward. Five, two, four. I almost used the word barbaric. But I used that some years ago. And there were some people that got all upset about that and tried to make it into a big ethnic thing. So please put it on the record. I didn't use that word even though I certainly think it applies. Whether the people who are perpetrating the acts are black or white or anything else. There are certain things that are just universally deemed as socially unacceptable. And burning down one zone neighborhood and gouging people's brains out and doing these types of things is an unacceptable response to an unacceptable act of law. Okay. Here's a lady in Hallendale. Hi. Hi. I'm Lady. And I guess I'm as old as you are to that put me in the mithpusel of board. No, not in this town. Where's the teenagers here? Well, I do know that I've lived long enough to learn that seeing is no longer believing. Right. And a picture is no longer worth a thousand worth. Right. Well, one of the jurors says that it's very obvious if you watch the tape that Rodney King was in control of the situation at all times. Now, I don't know what the guy wants to, you know, go and do a stand-up comedy routine at one of those comedy clubs on a maybe go on the Alex Benicho and San Francisco and do some stand-up comedy. But I mean, what kind of a statement is that? How can you be in control of the situation when you're surrounded by half of it, as armed officers with guns and clubs and every other kind of weapon at their disposal? And you're down on the ground, staggering around on your knees and mostly in the prone position? How is that put you in control? Well, that's because the Holocaust didn't really happen either. Right. Right. Oh, yeah. But the thing that concerns me is what's going on in LA right now. You would think these people like good old Jesse Jackson and the responsible people in that community there. Well, who said Jesse Jackson was responsible? Nothing but a political opportunist and a professional troublemaker who's always there in a moment's notice to stir up a bunch of crap. That's what is that's his area of expertise. Well, they must have known that. Peltine never met a dictator he didn't like, so what does that tell you? Well, I don't know what he tells me. He tells me something different every time. But the thing is I think a lot could have been done to prevent what's going on in LA right now. And I think that the powers that be are using what's going on in LA right now to somehow justify this unjustifiable verdict. The district is brought down. Well, that isn't going to wash. That nobody's going to buy that deal. The only people who are going to buy the only people. No, they're not. The only people who are going to buy into that are the ones who agreed with the verdict in the first place. That handful of people who's bigger for you so tremendous that they can't see Rodney King as a human being. They just see him as another black criminal with a long rap sheet and a dangerous threat to it all this other crap. And so all this other stuff just reinforces it in their minds. Well, I see that the community people there should have been out in the streets, mobilizing trying. Well, how many have they got? I mean, I was watching. They were talking to the people at the L.A. PD Central headquarters last night. And they had like 600 cops or something like that. And Los Angeles is a city of like 10, 12 million people. It's like New York and more spread out even bigger. How in the world could they put? And as they were showing you the fires from the helicopter on KTLL last night, I was watching on the satellite is they were showing one fire and the fire trucks would get there in a police. They'd be battling one enormous place. And like three blocks away here, another one would start. And before they even had an opportunity to see it because they're on the ground. And we were watching by air before they even have an opportunity to see it. The thing is out of control and the smoke is billowing. I mean, it's just it's just lucky that it didn't go far beyond that. Because the potential there is just unlimited in the city of that size. It's just it. The verdict. I mean, just took me by such surprise. And it's taken the world by somebody. It's like somebody reached in and tore your intestines out and leave you so speechless that you just don't even know how to react any more. I know. I'm not sure if you can get a shot to call you because I'm afraid to risk sounding like a fool on the radio. But today I was so angry that I've most of dialed you a million times. Well, I'm glad you did. And one other point. Yeah. It says to these people who walk around with their little video cameras. Don't you dare try to record anything that we're doing that might be bad. Because it's not going to work. It's not going to work. We're going to take whatever evidence you have against us, meaning the police. And we're just going to twist it around with our words and our defense attorneys. And no matter what you do, you're just up against us, fell in the wall. Don't confuse the jury with the facts. Okay. Have a good day. One twenty two a WIOD and open line and broward five two four. Toyota of Hollywood extends an invitation to intelligent car buyers. People looking. Yes? Are you? Okay. I just wanted to share something with you and your readers. You knew I'd live in Los Angeles. Remember that? Yeah. Okay. Well, when I lived out there, I was a student going to school. I had a car that had four to play. Tenant windows, little Honda Civic. I got stopped by the LAPD once for running a red light. Yeah. Basically what happened in the nutshell is that I almost got shot at. Because they thought I was going to jump out of the car with a new Z. And Miami and vice-music, wearing the background. And well, if you were playing Miami, vice-music in the background, you probably should have been shot. Well, I had the typical disco music that a young kid would listen to. Yeah. That's okay. But anyways, just goes to show you the mentality and the cops out there. Yeah. The LAPD is notorious for being one of the worst. And I have no idea what, I guess if people have never been there, they think that the entire state of California is just this wild, laws-a-fair anybody does this. And that's full of crap. Nothing to be further from the truth. I guess those people have never taken a bus to a thru orange county. Well, what they really is out there is blacks and Hispanics. And if you're black or Hispanic. And orientals. Yeah, and orientals in some way. But mostly blacks and Hispanics. So if you're any of those categories, you're in trouble. Yeah. Another thing. Or when Ed Davis was chief of police in Los Angeles, Gays, who were tremendously numerous in Los Angeles and always have been the witch hunts that went on there during several years, which is indescribable. I mean, just incredible. Oh, yeah, they bash them. Anything they could do to look damage into it. Another thing, Darrell Gates, if I don't know if anybody's really remembers us, he used to have a battering ram. A tank that he would demolish homes with. Uh, when he would just take a tank and he'd he thought somebody was dealing drugs out of a house. He would demolish the house. No questions asked. Well, I say David Gates for a, for a police chief, for your better idea. Okay, and you know, I just wanted to share that with you. Okay. 127 and W.Y. What's wrong with David Gates? What are you laughing about? It can sing better. All right. Oh, it's just, it's just, it's just there are no words to describe. I mean, if I've ever felt insufficient today as the day for it, because it leaves you breathless and speechless and just with that empty hollow feeling like man, I knew it was bad. But it's about 50 million times worse than I ever dreamed it could be in my worst nightmares. It's hopeless. They've just taken away everything. You can't even pee now, man. They're like, look, I'm out. Wait a minute. You shook with a wrong hand. Or you shook one time too many. I mean, just what is going on here? And the people sit back and there are oblivious man. Hey, how about that ball game? I mean, I like ball games, but let's face it. Sooner or later, there are some things that take a little bit of precedence. I don't want to overdo the thing on my great counseling there on the lightball this morning. But his performance was so just embarrassing that I can't even find words to describe it. There comes a time to put all the contrived humor and screaming and shouting and stage mockery and crap on the, and the heat game on the shelf where it belongs and start paying attention to business. Okay? While we still have the ability to do it. You said it's taken over roses home? Oh, no. It's a 120 in a half. Yeah, that's my gift to you for doing nice job on the car. I wouldn't have found Thunderclap Newman. A tabernier, hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. I've been wanting to call you a long time and I'm saying, I'm going to seek from work and I've got a chance to do it. Well, I feel pretty sick too. Yeah, this is crazy. I mean, this might be like you said earlier, just what's needed to open up a lot of people's eyes. It might have that effect. I mean, if this doesn't do it, I don't think there's much hope that anything will now. Well, people have been trying to legislate morality for a long long time. You can't do it. Take it. Not only can you not do it, you shouldn't do it. What is it to government? It's the whole of our hands as adults and tell us what to do and where to do it. That's a bunch of crap. Nobody, whoever said that, whoever can talk to that notion. Well, they, you know, there's important things. They're just letting go by this people starving and dying right in this country. And here I'm reading a thing in life here where the US custom service went. $200,000 last year to print five million trading cards, featuring their finest drugs, nipping dogs. Oh, that's great. I think you want to, I found, I just want to set it up. I bet you're I can buy it. It norms can't baseball heaven or whatever that is. Well, I opened the box to give my dogs some biscuits. And the night, and I found a couple in there. Yeah. It's amazing. It's that. I hope something's done. I hope this opens up a lot of them. People just sit back and think well, you know, there's some other things that have happened in California. The preceding week and a half of the earthquakes. And I don't want to sound like one of those doomsday suit sayers. But you know, I use the analogy of the world being like a gigantic bowling ball with, and the people are like the like millions of ants crawling on the outside of a bowling ball. You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. There's a great parallel there. We're not quite as important as we think we are not. And in the overall scheme of the universe, we just fortunate to be here for whatever good or bad we can do. And if we just paid a little more attention to shop and stop just acting like a whole universe was here for our amusement. And stop the banging all of the fables and fairy tales and started taking control of our own destiny. It's all but we are going to do it. Yeah, so the world is a big business. My son's been in Germany for the last 10 years and he parties in Amsterdam. He has a good time running around. He says the people over there who left, left their asses off at our church. They do. They do. They do not tell you. They do not. Not only do they have to. Not only do they have a good time, but they have respect for each other and for each other. They write, you said they don't work. They don't. They don't mock each other and they don't judge each other and they don't run around trying to and trap or abuse each other. And it's like being on a different planet. Sir, I'm telling you what I'm over there. It's like being in a different world. Well, you know how they treat it. Feel about entrapment. If you're part of the crime, you do part of the crime. Right. Exactly. I'll be feeling over there. I could be wrong, but I've always believed in this country unless the statistics are incorrect. There are enough legitimate crimes going on that we don't have to make money. You don't have to make money. Right. Now last year, people were putting me down for listening to you at work. And I noticed now that one of the vehicles pulling for service, their stations are all telling to 610 WIEN. Well, they're a little slow to come around, but they'll come out of the car. Well, they're seeing the reality of it. People aren't as ignorant as they seem even though they act that way. Well, they'll take you to the park. I'll take your word for it. And there's enough of everybody out there. There's if you, there's enough people in the world today. If you come out for the situation, there's, there's somebody doing it. Two people watching, never done it. Now a day somebody taking a video of it. Right. Okay. Have a good day. One, thirty two, a WIOD. You never guess what they just ran a spot for on CNN. Dionetics. You know, don't you think the Ted Turner's got enough money? I mean, I'm sure that CNN is making money. He's got TNT and headline news and CNN and the airport CNN thing. And not to mention all the money he had in the first place. And I see that on there and in the context of all this other stuff that's going on. And all the billions and trellions of dollars that are wasted on fairy tales and superstition. And all the people who are hitting each other and killing each other because your God is better than mine is. And my religion is better than yours is. And I'm right in your wrong and by papad and Bible says it's pathetic. And here they're running a spot for a cult for a man who's been dead for god only knows how many years. Oh, man. Figure a speech folks. Don't get all excited there. Slip at the time did hear he said, God only knows. Yeah, right. He was on a long C.S. the Derby between 1933 and 1945. God was taking a long nap. He was doing a little bit of a winkle root. TNT. By the way, thanks to the nice people of Carter race course for the beautiful roses that they brought in for me today, which I'm giving to George so we can give them to his lovely wife and he might get lucky tonight. But anyway, the reason for the roses, of course, is because the run for the run now is they're going to call us tomorrow. I'm sure. Dave Johnson, because tomorrow enough time will have a lapse that we don't have to be hopefully as morbidly involved in all the stuff as we were today. But we'll have the whole run down on the Derby. Some experts are calling that French horse arazzi is super horse the next equity. You know how they have that thing on the weather forecast about the air quality now? What do you think it is in LA right about now? One third, let's see, it's 1037 in the morning out there. Mine is column. Like I said, they've already got all that smog and that pollution and that puky grey gross air and you can't see it all. Three hour delays of the airport because of the smoke. Three hour delays at the airport because of smog. I almost takes you back to the Gulf War when the maniac was setting all the oil fields on fire. And all that crap was building up in the air and putting all that just amazing. One third, he added WIOD. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi. I'm an attorney and I'm a female. So I thought I'd kill a couple birds with one stone. OK. I'm representing a young man who your station has covered the story of who's in a coma, did you abuse chokeholds? Antonio Edwards, you may have heard of that. Right. And I wanted to, I just commend to your listeners for the degree of intelligence as you exhibited in the calls they've made. It's very surprising that people aren't talking more about the fact that just us, new Americans who do make up the jury who do vote as this jury so wrongly dead. But you all have to understand, too, that you're trying to, to prosecute case light. There's award doing it civilly. We're suing the city of Miami, please. Right. We're trying to fight the government and try to complicate to be made when people hear about these kind of abuses. To be against the practices of Janino Reno and U.S. Attorney's office, we've been trying for four months to get Reno to prosecute the police officers to put this client of mine in a coma. And nothing's been done. This happened January 3rd. The same day that officer Bauer was shot, you remember that? Right. They have not only caught the suspects, the prosecutors have been guided in their prosecuting their suspects. In our case, we're falling upon deaf ears in our complaints. They give officers to in front of 20 to 40 people, put a man on the ground, in handcuffed, clad tied him, and apparently killed him into a coma. And I think that complaints need to be made to bi-visitants, to be authorities. If somebody wants something done, they have to realize there's a process that is being abused by the government. Right. Well, the problem is people get angry about the wrong things, unless something hits them right on the shoulder or remember their family or their neighbors, somebody they know once a while, they make a little outcry. And they just don't care enough to send their very best if you know what I'm saying. They're just their energies are for the most part, put it in the wrong direction. I think for the kind of colleagues who had, you think really hard about this experience when their next call for jury duty. Yeah. Now, many people try to get out of jury duty. These are the citizens who could be there and should be listening to the fact, and not turning a barion eye to the system. Right. Okay. Good luck. Thank you. Thanks. Makes me think of that punk that called in the station. I don't want to get into a big thing with Rick and Suds about that, because I already expressed my views. And he called us show one time and I hung up on him faster than you can say douchebag, who was involved in that jury up in Palm Beach County. And then they finally had a clear mistrial and this punk is maybe going to jail for your tour. Whatever. It's not a joke. I mean, anytime there's a trial, there's a reason for it. Okay. And somebody's ass is on the line or somebody's future is out. Whatever the hell it might be. And unless it affects us directly, oh, we don't want to be bothered. They're showing a live pictures again here. It's broad daylight. It's 10 to 40 in the morning out there in LA. Some more fires and more of the same crap continuing, which is what it'll present. They directed most of his comments to about how we just can't tolerate this kind of, which is true. But I mean, that's like saying today is Thursday. I think we all recognize that, but the other comments that he made were as usual, superficial and very much not to the point. And then he sent the attorney general out to give non-answers to all the media questions. And of course his pad answer was well, since I'm representing the government and whatever. A federal action we might take in these matters. I can't answer that question. I can't answer this question. I can't have an opinion, etc. And so on. So it was just the idea that he sent him out there to be the face man while the president and his intimate advisors go inside to continue to stick their lawns out the window and see which way the public wins are blowing today. Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, hello, Neil Hawley. Okay. It's funny how the president put third on his list. We don't have room for bigotry and racism. Right. You know, that should have been the... Well, no, that was kind of like a throw away. It's like throwing you a bone and that should pacify you. But the main thing is it was just really a repetition of what he said last night is that justice has been served and that this is the system. And that we must preserve lawn order and respect the law on Yadiyati and bow down and put your arm up in the ear and and genuine flex and curtsy. And that's it. I want to ask you a question. What's going on in LA right now? Do you think that it's a cry for help from these people? I'm not saying that what they're doing is right. They're creating a lot of illegal acts. They're killing people. They should be punished for that. But they're crying out for help. Yes, it happens in their own neighbor. Well, why don't they cry out for help at the ballot box? Why don't they go out there and put somebody in office who has their best interest at heart, which is obviously not this administration? I keep... I just don't understand these. And not just blacks but all voters. I mean, you look at women who are on the verge. I mean, Roe V. Wade may be overturned any day now, certainly by this summer. And yet even though the poll show is statistically the overwhelming majority of women want to have the right to make decisions over their own body. They just... the... the old political forces just don't exist anymore. They just sit back and they've given up and thrown in a towel. And then as soon as something happens that affects them, they say, oh, geez, what can we do about it now? What is too late? Well, what we've gone through 12 years of living hell. And in the meantime, the economy's got to hell on a headbasket too. You remember what the trickle down theory? The only thing that's trickle and down are like now is something that we can't see on the air, okay? Right. That's trickle and down most Americans like because they're scared to death. They're scared to spitless, man. And if they don't wake up and sniff the flowers and decide that this fascist government isn't the way to go. And this isn't the answer to our problems, then heaven help all of us. But what's been done since the launch rate to prevent what's happening right now? Well, how do you prevent what's happening right now? I mean, the mayor called for the National Guard to come in. But how many people do you have to have in order to prevent what's happening? Have you ever been to LA? Uh, yes, but I haven't been recently. But you know how big of a city is. I mean, it's spread out over any enormous area. I mean Los Angeles, geographically, is a gigantic city. Okay. How many, how many guardsmen and how many police and how many anything can you possibly have to protect as you say? Prevent what's happening now? I don't know. It's not possible. I don't mean that in the sense of guardsmen and police. I mean, what's going on in our community right here? What's going on in Liberty City and over town right now to make that a better place to live? That something like this won't happen next year in our city. Very little. Very little because traditionally what happened? That's what I mean is that there's a big emotional outburst and then there's the subsequent Looting and burning and destruction of neighborhoods and then there are a few meetings in the citizens advisory boards, Get together and meet and all this other community relations boards and they sit around and pontificate and they make a lot of promises. And it's back to the way it was before until the next big blow-up comes along. I mean, that's, that's been the history of it. What, what, what could stop that from that cycle just keep going around and around? What could stop that? What could stop that would be an emphasis on changing first of all, the fascist legal system that we've got number one and number two, placing an emphasis on educating people and not leaving people in a situation where their destiny is already preordained pretty much when they're born. That's the problem is it you. That is the problem and there is no priority on education. In this society, the message from the media is very loud and clear. The Dummer you are and the luckier you are and the less town it you are, the more likely you are to succeed. Be a big job, make seven million a year. Be another semester still on be a literate, be a rapper, be some kind of a literate, goofball and man, we're going to make you a star. That's what the message is in this country. It's all wrong and that's why all the technology is with the Germans and the Japanese and elsewhere. We don't have them here. We don't have the scientists. We don't have the educated people here because this is not a country that cares about education. It cares about education. It cares about education. Are the people with money that can provide a private education and their children grow up to be the governors and the senators. When Cuomo was on with Donna Hugh a few weeks ago and Phil was practically begging him to run which he is not doing. He talked about the fact that higher education ought to be just as available as a secondary education. I mean, where is the logic that says that you can go to school through your senior year in high school for free? I mean, everybody pays school taxes but generally for free. But if you want to go to college and get a real education and qualify to have a real paying job, then you've got to pay for it. Where is the logic in that? There is no logic. The system would set up for the rich. Right. Exactly. Just like the criminal justice system is set up for the rich and just like our health care system is set up for the rich. Everything in this country is set up for the rich in George Bush and Dan Quail, no more brought that than anybody because they're part of the rich. They're part of the upper class. They really give a good god damn about the middle and the lower class, not a chance. I don't think so. Not a chance. How much did President Bush get back from taxes is here on his tax return? When I saw the amount that he paid, it was so embarrassing that I can't begin to tell you. It wasn't a paper as a few days ago. I remember what it was. But on income of like $1.3 million, he paid less in taxes or just very little more in taxes than I did. Okay? And I can assure you, his income was a hell of a lot more than mine was. The rich get richer. Exactly. Have a good day. Thanks for talking to me. 147, a WIOD. Of course, I don't have a wife like Barbara or I don't have a dog like Millie that wrote a book. I have two dogs, but so far they haven't been able to write a book. Maybe that's where I'm making my mistake because Millie's book made 800,000. I have a mother name, Millie. Maybe she could write a book in Disney could write the pre-the prologue. The forward. The afterward. In fact, he's such a comedian now. I get my check today and he writes on there since the 9 to 10 hour actually went up Unfortunately to me for the first time ever that from the over the 8 to 9 hour the 9 to 10 in the morning hour went up this time from a 3 7 at 8 to a 4 1 in the 9 to 10 hour. And so he writes on the stub of my check this morning, Neil 9 to 10 AM. Wow, we carbon copy, mommy. So there's the sense of humor that we have up front there. Okay, another gray robber. It's a 148 at WIO. They want to tell you about Pascuales, a Tajian can. Well, isn't that great? The attorney general has announced that they are investigating the possibility of bringing federal civil rights charges against these foreoffers. And of course, as soon as all the instant polling information comes into the White House and as soon as they figure out which way the owing meat, you know how to airport they have those little it looks like an elephant's not you ever seen those things. And they show you like which way the wind is blowing and which direction and they and as soon as they figure out which way that's all going then they'll determine if they have enough. Enough information do a file those charges here's a lady in Hollywood hello hi hi. I'm glad you've painted the big picture. The reason history keeps repeating itself the cover up the three murders. Right. This was always all about that. Yeah, we've lost control of the country there's no question about that in the 60s. I mean, the public really tried to rise up and they tried to rebel against the injustices against this. Absolutely insane involvement in Vietnam and all the oppression of minorities and all the other crap that was going on. And what we got response for it was that the people who dared to add the audacity to try to do a metal with the establishment with the structure of things all got blown away. But when South American time to let elections over. Yeah. I blame the media a little bit though. I just not found out there were two passengers in King's car did you know that? Yes. They didn't all my business keep showing one thing over and over. I said I still. Yeah, they were two passengers in the car when they were stopped they got out and he refused to do so and it like resisted in the big. Well, I did not found that out well. Anyway, maybe we'll get to see the whole picture now. But. What does that mean? Well, see the picture. Well, they don't want at least two thirds of the film never shown on TV. Not least they may show it. But I still say the guilty one is the woman who chased the 115 miles. Now, what did she have a charge against them? Okay, 154, W. I. D. Carl Springs, hello. Neil. Yeah. Where is the sense of value at? Sure. I'm upset like everybody else. The guy got beat up by someone who flipped out. But I'm out. By way, wait a minute. By someone. A person. Any person flipped out and beat up another person. What? But he wasn't. What's not raided? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. He didn't get beaten by someone. He got beaten by four someone. Four someone to stop beating into oblivion. He had a person beat before the person who was Paul for the end of his life. He's alive and still walking around. Why, he's just 11 people now. That's outrageous. Of course it is. They're both outrageous. Don't try to cover up the tracks of one with the other. You make it seem like that's outrageous. Guy got beat up. It is. No, I didn't say, oh, by the way, I didn't say I spend plenty of time talking about how it is totally unacceptable. In any society. Yes. 11 people. That's unacceptable. You don't want to come any agitaria. How many agitives do I like to see this video? Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. That's a lot of people. No, I don't want to see the video. Tap. But again, you've got to understand that the people who did these things were punks and Unitics. They weren't people who salary were paying to. Oh, flipped out as the new excuse now for the members for people who are law enforcement officers. They flipped out. They didn't look flipped out to me. They were looking like they were relishing their carrying out their act. They do nothing wrong. But they flipped out. They got lost to control. They flipped out. Yeah. They're going to spill their. In other words, what people who have badges and guns and have the authority and the power of the law behind them when they take out their anger or hostilities or prejudices against an individual, that's okay. Is that what you're saying? No, I'm saying it. It's okay. What's okay is that we still have a person who's alive and there. Barely. Not okay. There's no relationship between the two. They are both grotesque and unacceptable. And the human being. I think I'm a average person. I think we love people upset about that. But let me say it again. They are both unacceptable. And you, all you want to do is argue. You don't want to listen. You don't want to have a discussion. You are obviously a lot more concerned about the other. And there is no question. No question that the death of how about back in the days of Liberty City. It was a lot more than 11. I forget what the number was. But it was a frightening number of people who were innocent bystanders who happened to be driving in the wrong place at the wrong time on the wrong night. Who were dragged from their cars and beaten and some of them had their brains gouged out with broken bottles. I mean, I don't even want to rethink or re-live those horrendous days of what went on in this town. And there is no person in his right mind who could possibly defend that kind of gruesome subhuman behavior. But don't try to cover up the tracks and minimize the other one with these grotesque acts because basically they are pretty much unrelated. The other acts were committed by nut cases by punks by goofballs by maniacs who just sees upon every one of these opportunities for the chance to go and do these barbaric aberrant things. And you know that, sir. But you don't want to hear it. Here's a lady in the store. Hi, Neil. Hi. I want to ask you how you doing today. Well, I'm just disgusted. I'm just the just reach a point where it's like you've had it up to your ears. And you reach the saturation point. That's how I feel with the whole damn system. I'll throw all the broke the camel back. That's about it. I got a piece of advice for everybody. Put your boots on and keep them on because it's deep and just getting deeper. Right. And hold that passport man. Put it in your underwear and don't let them get it. Well, today I'm saying people have to resort to thinking about leaving the country. It is. You know that it's getting out. It is. But when you don't have any answers and how to fix it anymore, I don't know what the answer is. Well, I'm not ready to leave yet, but it's time something happened. Yeah. This is just ridiculous. Okay. Okay. Hey. Margie down the starline. WEDR is funny. A witness to put black ribbons on the internet to show their, um, a forehead. And now why would we want to talk to him? Do you know who that is? The one I used to call every day the first caller under the starline. Sir of all days for you to demean this program in this community by calling in here. I don't need any more spy reports. Okay. Get yourself a life and grow up and stop wearing those silly shorts. Poppin'o. Yeah. Neil. I just like to know what that juror did. You hear that lady who was interviewed who said that Rodney King was in full control. Now what the hell was she looking at? Beats the hell out of me. Okay. Unless she's been brainwashed unless they did a clockwork number or in number on her and they put toothpicks in her eyes and they made her watch death camp marches from the World War 2. I have no idea what any of those people under jury were thinking of. And as I said, I just can't have been having spent 49 years on this out there and say in a column called the earth, I just cannot imagine relating to anybody who could have heard the evidence and watched the video tape and have any concept of what transpired there and have come up with this verdict. Right. It's just unacceptable. I just can't imagine I can't imagine that too many other people can relate to or understand it either. Plus the racist remarks they made over the radio. Right. Plus the, I heard them music there. But what's the beyond a reasonable doubt these days? Well, like we said before, evidently, that we haven't got the answer for that yet. Okay. Maybe the fate of Brotha did, Carcass back. Maybe that might have convinced them, but I have my doubts. Okay. Well, that's going to do it. Have a pleasant day. Oh. What can I say? I told you the world is an actor in St. Assalam and one of these days you folks are going to begin to understand that I'm not the pessimist that you think I am. I'm just being pingfully honest. Even though it hurts. News from around the planet is what it says. I have a feeling we could have just a little change there on Rick and Spuds this afternoon. But of course, you know what the show must go on on sports dog because come a hell or high water or earthquakes or executions. This sports, the game's go on at 605.