What is a obsession with hockey? Sports work? I am an ambassador. I am an ambassador. Hey! Yeah! What a day I never thought I'd lived to see this day. 10-18. I thought I'd lived to see that. What is that we got on there? Look at that. We have an open lot out of Starline. This is the momentous day. Our Camille House total is 55,094 dollars. That 18-t Camille House hotline for the entire big oozing state. 1-800-85206. Thanks to Heavenly Ham and Petty Simone by the way our sales hole. He's learned in fast. Nice job to tell us about the food coming by the way, Pete. We ate some wine bottles this morning, which we always love. We brought for Renuri and they saved this a little bit. We ate that and then all of a sudden they hear, oh, guess what? We got Heavenly Ham out front. If there's anybody in the building, I don't want any of this to go to waste. There's a big oozing, gigantic delicious hand. Those tremendous heat bar crunch cookies and some chocolate chip cookies. And I mean, Heavenly Ham is just godly. They are the most incredible stuff in the history of the human race. And we got like 75,000 cases of snappled that just came in. So this must be a big celebration tonight's Diody Christmas party. So it's a good idea that the food came in early, so we're going to pick out early in the day and save the open up a little cavity for later on tonight. Like for the track. Let's go to a four-laradale home. What's this obsession with hockey? You're the first one I told you. Yeah. What are you guys? Is it that great? Excellent. It's like this man has taken it upon himself like the mission of making this into like almost a real town. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? One handed. Yeah. Single handedly. That. Well, I knew you could relate to that. Thank you very much. Okay. We have an open line in broad. They're coming on Glu, I'm telling you. They're coming apart at the seams. They're so excited. And then those old women, man, they call it on that telapole. Ah, we don't need any more spots. Go to a strawberry doosh and get out of our face lady. Okay. Go fight a life. Go play some mosh on. Get out of our damn lives already. God. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. Come on in. Take the shot. Set it up. Hot the shutter is gone. Hey. Hot the shutter. Four. Four. So anyway, 1039 about your fat truck mire's excited. He can go over there and see Mario. See his damn obnoxious penguins who never seemed to lose a game except to the leafs. By the way, do mention that in passing. Gotta win once sooner or later. Hi, Leah. Hey, Neil. Yes, he's just gone. Yeah. Finally. Is this bill he would? What's that? Ha ha ha. Finally, we got hockey and Florida. And you know why don't you? Why does after years of desperately attempting to find the answer to the musical question is bill he would alive. We found out this year on this show. And I'm going to say that my persistence and my personality he is still alive. And that was what put us over the top of getting a hockey team plus Wayne his youngest $50 million. Well, we should call this Wayne's world instead of Miami. That's right. Sure. That's it. I want to call my two friends do spikes because they said they would not have hockey in Florida. What a bunch of assholes. Matt and Norm. Your bunch of shot filled do spikes. We got hockey, bro. No, no, no, no. Okay. Have a great day, Neil. See, I have a great to something. Where the hell is that Wayne's world cart we got? I'm just a mad man today. Could have something to do with my blood sugar being 900 now after eight and two of those great cookies. They got to stop bringing those by the way. Those are so damn good. Those are the best things in history. Oh, man. From heavenly ham. I just mentioned again in passing two open lines in date. What's a matter in date, County, huh? I tell you what's a matter in date, County. They know that they're going to wind up well, it's not a done deal. But I still think Mr. He's in ghee is going to build his own arena up there by Joe Robby. Staying's going to be like the metal lands complex and then the heat will vanish from downtown and the hockey team will play there. And Miami as usual will be left holding the bag. Let's go to where we go. We have an open line in Brower. Did I just say that? I don't know. I'm wound up between the hockey and the sugar cookies. I feel like Sandy Peyton. Sugar cookies, Michael. Sugar cookies. That's how I feel. Almost. Not that boring though. Hollywood. Hollywood. Yes sir. My name is Ralph. Yes Ralph. I want to know something. Yes. Now why does AM and PM? What is the stamp for? Are you listening to this show Ralph? Yes. What the hell does that have to do with anything that's going on here? I want to know what AM and PM is. What does that have to do with anything you disgusting old fart? About baseball, football. About anything. I mean, I'm not a AM and PM. What is this? How about BM? You know what? BM stands for? Go take a shot. If it's possible and in your case unlikely, you idiot. Boy, as soon as you hear that will. We don't want old fart. Okay. Call. We have a special part of the day on WIOD for old Farts like you. It's called the telepoll on the microdairy show. Mike opens up about two minutes worth of time that he donates to every crotchety disgusting old fart. Who doesn't give a damn about it? See, he's the epitome. He don't care about the rest of us being in a great mood and having a great day. He's got his own agenda. What is AM and BM? I got your BM over here, man. It just came through the phone. God, what a fart. God, what a fart. God, what a fart. God, what a fart. Mr. A SIGGEE. I would love to know what goes on inside the house when his cheerleader wife reading. I don't know if they're reading the newspaper or the script or is one of the other. Rikwally, Rikwally, Rikwally. Rikwally. So I wonder what Rik is doing at the dining room table as we speak right now. Why is everybody picking on me? Just lighten up, man. There is some heavy duty crap going on inside of that house. I think we could make a soap opera. It would make Chesterwally a pale and a win-significance. I never said that anyone. I could get it. Did I? Well, if I did, I forgot. Rikwally is like some kind of a psychotic, an axiom order in that house and is underwear in his newspan. That's not bad enough. Rikwally. Rikwally. Rikwally. Rikwally. Rikwally. Rikwally is discussing that right around the dining room table right now. It's lovely cheerleading right now. Why is everybody picking on me? Just lighten up, man. Oh, yeah. I am an embassor. Why do some people get stoned and some people don't? 1054 at WIOD. Miami. Hello, Neo. Hi. Hi. I got you to fucking my spinner. Yeah, bet. Hey, I thought that was all wouldn't know if you forced that him 10,000 prunes. Right. Anyway, how about them black blue and silver Miami blades? The Miami blades? Yeah. That is a pink flamingos for the cream and eagles for that now. No, we don't want no screaming eagles. I've already went through. That might be good. Same in pink and light blue. In honor of a shocking dive of my do the screaming quings. All right. Uh-huh. The blade sounds good, right? No. No. No, because there was, I think it was the Toledo blades as a minor league team. That's the blades. We don't want to have a minor league name. I don't know. Why not? We're a minor league town. No. Did I say that? I'm sorry. Don't say that. Even though it's true. You wouldn't believe how I found out. I'm listening to Rick and Puts. Yeah. Yeah. And I hear Hank and he's going, we'll never get hockey team because we'd have to build another arena. I'd have to build that up there. And then some old guy calls up using all a bunch of big words that he doesn't really understand from the arena. Yeah. And he says, we just got one. And then Hank had that. Everything he just said right there on the air. And the story didn't really break for like another hour after that. Rick and Puts never did talk about it. No. And that's, you know, I'm not going to let up on his segredo thing because he really pisses me off. Oh, Tony. Of all the people in this market, he's the worst offender. If he's not interested in just like the thing with what we had the breeder's crowned pop at a park. But I remember back in years when they used to have the media race and he used to drive into media race. And he said, we have a lot of people in this city. And he said, we have a lot of people in this city. And we had a seat Tony in a sulky. And all of a sudden he was really interested in the harness racing. Which he knew nothing about. But we get the breeder's crown. And he gives us nothing. And people are having to call up Bernie Rosen to go over there and whip him and beat him to give us like a little bit of coverage. Because Tony is basically just a self-serving self-provoting fool. Yeah. All right. And Tom, to get his pants down from his damn armpits. Yeah. What the hell are we supposed to watch for local news? And then pizza. Okay. See how about the gay blades. Cool. See you. Cool. Two open lines. And they're both in date County, the home of the new Miami hockey team. They're probably out parting like all day today. They're probably stoned out of their mind. Like any other Friday or any other day of the week. 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 7 5 1 W I O D. Here's a Tampa. Hello. Hey Neil. Yeah. Speaking of incompetence on the airways down here, Ted Webb. Joe Dushbag on FLA. What a wicked web we used to think when we practiced to listen to FLA. Yes. He says yesterday on the radio or the other day when Carl Bargard died. Yeah. He says that for about six or seven seconds, he was actually looking for somebody to high five. Mmm. Dushbag. Is that great? That's about the tenth call we've had about some really grotesque, psychotic things that were set over there. Mmm. Nice. I don't like them. Yeah. Hey, I was reading this, there's this magazine that comes out up here called Players magazine. Yeah. And they're doing a feature this this week. They do a thing on radio. And they talk about Bob the Carlo. Bob the Carlo. He says that you use his going home music. Use his work with you. I never worked with Bob. I've been home. Well, that's what he says. As he worked with you down on Miami. I've known the sports and weather. All the different views. He'll help you through the traffic. Share a smile or two. Bob the Carlo. Steven home with you everyday. I've decided to call those. Steven home on some special. Well, it's double. You. Hi, hello D. Have a good day, man. Hot to grow, ladies. OK, thanks a lot, pal. Great. See ya. My shot is a piece of crap. Oh! Ellen Box was a normal man with a nice home, a lovely family, and a cushy job with his father-in-law's company. Normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How is your day? Someone of an esoteric Monday I feared will end up being button on the last one. You see if I can't focus it in to the best of my ability. Ellen Box is suffering from Bob Lasseter Disease. Are you feeling alright, Ellen? Absolutely insane. I see things that nobody else seems to see. Or at least, carrots would admit that they say. Bob Lasseter Disease attacks the central nervous system, causing otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal maniacs. How with you today, I don't want to talk to you. What's more, Bob Lasseter Disease is the one form of depression, which is actually contagious. God, just listing that voice, I want to jump off a building. You're the lowest of the lower, I snake. You're a scumbag. Please send whatever you can today to post office box 1-800-Devonport, Iowa. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means. Betching and morning and screaming and hollering. Please help. What kind of session was talking? Oh, wait, did you hear this facts? I just got, you're going to just pee in your pants when you hear this. Neal Rogers and big letters. Hockey, hockey, hockey. I'm sick of you talking about the world's most boring sport. It will be a dismal failure and the arena will be empty. Why is often talk about a popular sport like soccer? Oh, God, give me a break. These people with their soccer. I don't want to. Yeah, right. Well, I don't get it. Take your soccer ball and stick it with a moon don't shine. And then we can get rid of the fight down. And then we can have hockey like Cuba. Right, hockey night and Cuba, right. With the Havana, but not more Hamas can only. I'm sure there's a few volleys hidden down here. Probably. Huh? Maybe with the Haitians, we can get a good goalie come in. Possible? Okay, just looking out for some job down here. Okay. Take it easy. See ya. Ah! Hi, boys and girls. It's time for P. We shopping tips, Marla. P. We shopping tips. Today, we're going to talk about holiday shopping. Well, be with it. What about the global recession? Well, global, the recession is beginning to Peter out. That's right. If we all got in Stendolite, we'll have this thing beat in no time. So this holiday season by lots of cool stuff. Right, fake vannit. Fantastic dark poop. A life personal favorite. I don't love those retoys. If you want to help the economy, go get mommy's purse or daddy's wallet grab a big stack of dollar bills and then shoot the entire world. The long kids. Daddy died. Said he died. Okay, 11, 16 and W.I.O.D. on a diabetic coma induced Friday. This sales, and this is exactly this goes back to what I've been talking about all week out of control. Out of control. Sales department. What do you think they hit rock bottom? They find another level pretty soon. They're going to dig out from underneath wherever they are and find China on the other end. Like a little baby chick crawl out of an egg. They're like dig through the ground and look up. How so, man? Unbelievable. It's not even 11, 20 yet. We've had three food deliveries already. Thanks to Anilusia, big shop. We know your stuff is great. But if you people back in sales could coordinate because we can only have so many strokes and so many bells, paulsy attacks and so many commas to keep you people in business back there. It was all great, but there wasn't anybody in sales who told us about any of this crap that was coming into the day. I mean, about any of this great stuff that was coming into the day. Like I said. Have some ham, Roger. Well, no, seriously, it's too good to waste. And like I said before, on the days when like George and I went lunch, period, that's it. And they come in here with a couple of boxes of stuff. For the box even hits the counter in here, there are like 15 people like starving immigrants lined up at the table. On a day like today, when we got more food than Carter's got pills, and we got all kind of this beautiful big ham here, and we got all kinds of croissants and good stuff to make sandwiches and honey mustard. We got a big for people to come in here and eat. So thank God for a couple of real hazers like Steve Ziggler and Roger to be in here and picking up the slack. Lady and North Miami. Hi, me, you. How you doing? I'm telling you, once again, my favorite personality, I know I'm not sucking around, and I do a dream about 20 segreds. You want sucking? You ever heard and seen the Dan Marine show? Oh yeah. It makes me sick. Kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy. Kissy, kissy, the guy is really horrible. Yeah. I got a question for you. Okay. Tell me, I'm wrong. Do you know that Dan has to wear a body condom before he goes on that show? Probably. Yeah. Tell me that they're going to put that in separate, run airy on until 10 o'clock until me again. Who said they're doing that? Well, I heard something about you are not going to have the coming number 9 to 10. Is this true? Wait a minute. Why? I had to. No, no, no, no. Will you listen to me? That's an old tape. I was talking about when they had me coming in at 9.30 and doing that half hour lie. The 9 to 10 thing is the solid until we put Howard Stern on it. I mean, it's solid. Well, thank God. Yeah. See, I want to tell you something. If this company had any brains at all, they would have how 105 which were taken over in a few days. They'd have Howard Stern on the morning on how 105 faster than you can say douchebag. Okay. And make Jillian's dollars and corner the whole market, AMFM, PM. I mean, whatever you want, we'd have it. And they're just too stupid to do that. Probably. And so they're going to let magic buy out, waxy. That's the rumor. They're going to put Howard on the morning and Lardass Limbaugh and the who knows what they're going to do. Oh my God. Well, as long as I'm going to be able to keep pairing you. See, and you know something, if this company put Howard Howard in the morning, this is the only company in town that could do it without being abused by certain individual moralists in town who like to start writing the FCC. Uh-huh. Well, you see if they would sit down and think about that and realize, yeah, use a little bit of smarts. But no, they're not going to do that. So it'll wind up with magic having Howard on and then there would be certain individuals writing psychotic levels. Oh, he said, dickhead on the air. And he said, let's be a dilidate and the governor yourselves accordingly in all that crap. God dammit, this is supposed to be a free country. Right, exactly. But this is a bunch of garbage. It's about your shot. I agree. We can 100%. Right. And you keep up the good work. And you have a good weekend, Demi. And you do see that. Okay. Yeah, well, I love the hockey. See ya. Bye-bye. Bye-bye now. We have an open line in day, the 751. Why don't they ever consult with me about doing something that makes sense because it usually costs money. Oh, that meal. He wants us to spend money. Oh, like in Tampa, God forbid. What was everything up shot shot of, well, I don't know what that word means anymore. Is that a real word now up shot? I almost wanted to say it the other way around to like balance it out. But what was the final deal with the Randy and S.U.N.? Are they coughing up a couple of bucks for her or what? Because the day that Randy goes off as you went is the day that I take a long walk. I'll tell you that from here right downstairs to Gary Mills's office to get my check. From my fellow Hurricane fans on the road, the King's are going to kick some F*** in this 93-0 for the... Oh, Canada, you think that you're in love. You stole our all star game. Cause your own sports really suck. You've got dogs, sled runs. You shoot moves with guns. What a way to entertain. And you fish for ice. You think hockey's nice. Cause it's playing without a brain. Who a Canada. Who knows ya. Give me my old star game. I want it back now. Cause baseball in Canada makes me a blue child. Oh, 1126 at WIOD, you're friendly station for the 90s. We have an open line in date. 751-9463. I said to a sunny this morning, I said something about what station's been a carry the hockey games because QAM is already tied up with a heat. And there'll be obviously a lot of conflicts since they both are fall and winters sports. And he said, maybe by that time WIOD will have the heat. Now I have news for you, okay? Not being an NBA fan. If I had my brothers, I'd have to choose between having NBA basketball or hockey on the year at night on this station. It's not even a contest, okay? Forget it. Let them have the heat over there. The heat doesn't even show a thing on a Richter scale on QAM. It doesn't even make like a little blip on the heart monitor. South Miami. South Miami. Yes, sir. Good morning, Neil. Wait, it's to you. I'm very happy about hockey and baseball and this town might start to get something to go. We're starting to like a little hemorrhoid man, which eventually goes into a gigantic grape. We're starting to like just a little thing starting to grow. A little right in the tunnel somewhere. But also, reason I call this just for a year, I've been working with this douchebag. And he always comes in and makes me turn off the radio and put on this noisy squeaky jazz stuff. Oh, great. Well, what is he? Some kind of a pseudo-intellectual snob. Very much, but guess what? For the last week, I got him over a year now. Yes. And then listening to you and cracking up and enjoying it. Really? And he says, he's going to hold it against me if I turn him into a kneeling. He's going to hold it against you. He's going to hold it against you. He's going to hold it against you. I run like hell. Yeah. Oh, well, that's true, too. But mainly that's what I want to say. But I'm really proud of him. Happy and have a good one. OK, you too. Bye-bye. See you. See you. It's never too late for anybody. If they give the show a chance, everybody belasting. Let's say a one more time since Cheryl is standing in the room. If this company had any brains, we'd have Howard doing mornings on Hot 105, since this is the only station in the market he could be on without being abused by certain dictatorial individuals. Doesn't that make a lot of sense to you? We'd have it made in the shade. We got like a built-in thing there, man. But oh, no, we don't want to put that out because it costs money. And we want Hot 105 to be another cash cow for the sisters. We don't want to have any staff. And all you people at Hot 105 by the way, good luck to you and your future lives. And careers, whatever they are because it sure won't be at this place. They're blowing y'all out, y'all. Here's Jupiter on the starline. They're Neil. Yeah. Hockey, good, Reneri, bad. That guy in the morning is so pathetic. All he talks about is getting his car washed and then it's raining on it. That's from Tuesday to Thursday. He talks about his car getting washed and how it's going to rain. And he says it over and over again. Who cares about his car wash? Yeah, but haven't you ever heard him talk about when the birds fly over? Oh, yeah. I got a quote when Mike said this morning. He had his car washed by Spencer on Wednesday and a flock of seagulls flew over and he said, I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. Well, I tell you, I think he goes over his car all the time. Well, hey, listen, have a great life. Okay, we know what? That's probably Jimmy Sefalow's boyfriend calling. We have an open line in date, 751 of one on the starline at star iod. And we're doing it today. I'll tell you that. Here's Talahassee, for example. Hey, Pally. How you doing, Sally? Pally? Telly? That guy was whiny. Yeah. I'm telling you, it was Sefalow's boyfriend just now. Yeah, listen. I have a shameless request, but I have a good reason for it. Yeah. Tomorrow I graduate. Really? Yes. Not only about 35. Talahassee, Leon County Civic Center. A graduate from one FSU? Yes. No. Yes. He's drunk me down and come to hand the teeth, man. Four and a half years. Yeah, man. And I'm doing it. Yeah, with Mrs. Robinson probably. Well, I've heard a few other selected ladies. But anyway, here's my request. Hmm. On a year, young Neil. You haven't played it in years. So, in other words, you do want to graduate. Is that what you're saying? I want to graduate? Yeah. Yeah. Don't why did you do that? Of all the carts, we must have, I would say, 3000 carts in the studio. Yeah. Of all the ones you could have asked for. That's the one I absolutely will not play. Why? Because I don't, because it's boring. It's tedious, man. It's ponderous. It's like Casey. No, it's not like Casey. It goes on and on. But I want to tell you. Because it's on any of the criminal's house stuff. It's on the brand new best of us, a matter of fact. It's on this year's. That should be it in the sense of since you're graduating, do a cut loose with 22 bucks. All right. I'll use some of my thousands of dollars. I'm going to get. Now, how about a second choice? I've got to go with a bridge, tender. How about young Neil? Young Neil, I want you to know. Do you want to tape it? Do you want the young Neil? Yeah. Well, it's the first time for everything. Well, no, I don't do it. Well, that's a great day, man. She don't be so defensive just because you're at Tallahassee. You have a little sense. You'd like to put it up a little bit. Yeah, just because you're up there with a bunch of Yahoo's. Yeah. I'm moving back to, uh, you know, where? Where? I was waiting for your cart there with Randy. This guy, he wants me to request every cart that we don't want to play. He wants to program the damn show. I don't know where the hell I needed to come in. I'll take the book. Where the hell is the cart? What? It's not up there. It's not there, George. Where the hell is the cart? Oh, Jesus. You must be the guy that comes in here every morning and pulls one cart out. And then you call me up and say, oh, I want to hear whatever one you pulled out of here. It's like a conspiracy to drive me nuts. Fire. Where the hell is it? It's not here. Well, I'm moving back. God, I could swear that the cart was here yesterday. Where? There you go. See you. Good luck. Wait, Neil. Say goodbye, yes. We're going to try and be up here right now. I want to call my bunch of, uh, two speck. God, I hope they give you some help. Have a great time. Take it, please. See ya. God. On and on and on and on and on and on and on. He, he should be at, uh, on and on and on. Is what he should be in. I think he's probably the goddamn founder and that he's a bugger me for carts like. Where? Well, back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA. Here again, America's youngest dog show host, six year old Neil Rogers. Okay. I've just heard Don't mail. And there's four minutes left in the hour. Who wants to come call? All in. Hello. Yeah, Neil. How's it going? Great. That's good. What's the right care for my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle? All the good old DNC. What an abortion that people is. Then I asked how many other people did like once. And they said, no, my business. Yeah, well, they're real nice of there. Okay. Well, I just thought I'd let you know. You're a son of American. Have a nice life. Hello. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Tomorrow. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Neil. Neil, you're a stinky pink, old glue sniff and bed wetter at a pansy. Great call. This is a day so far. Did he say pansy? I want to speak it off. What a mung brain. I run my bike through the mouth every Saturday to the list show. And this guy called me named. She mung you. She mung you. She mung you. But the way I've seen some of those bag boys at the new MP. No, what are you? Can't think about egg. This is my son. A million producers. The world in space. Pick me in here with an egg. She is my god. Then the castle. Hello. How are you? You're your stubby. Such a nice boy. Come out of your sock towel. Yeah, but you can't share it off. You can't share it off. You can't share it off. I don't eat this. It offers from other stations. The cavea. Almarra. Fred doya. But instead I stay here and entertain you grow test. Stop here and do the bag. Unbelievable. To need the hell. Hello, is this new rocker? What kind of phone are you on sir? How fast again? Do you have a dial phone? Oh wow. No, I had to put it to the operator. Who was he? What's the gun to that? Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKB W last night. Somebody asked him. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I was in any more. He had a daughtering old man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, Ryan. Do we be true in two? Oh, she's trying to add your pathetic. And if you think he's bad now, wait, Tony had you. Oh, boy. Okay, let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of his shell. But I hope not. Okay, do you get it, pal? I sure hope so because we're not planning it again till next year. There we go, I love it. Instead of the old much too fast, we have the new very appropriately slow. So we're never going to have an open line in bra or again. That's more of their speed. Now we're catching on. Took a few years. 21 till noon at Wild. Oh, man, am I sick? It was a good sick though. It was, I felt so good coming in here this morning. The hockey thing and I felt like my ears are open. I felt full of vinegar and the other stuff. And then all this food started like popping up all over the building. And Pete DeSimon just came in here and shook my hand. And apologized. Yeah, come back in here, shake this, Pete. Let's go to a pop in. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yes. I have three topics for you today. Yes. Two hockey harness racing is the new key to race bike. Yeah. What do you think? Hockey, but put notes will never have to leave. They have their homes for here. Yeah. How about the harness racing? Yeah. No tax break. We're gone. That'll leave a lot of hope. What are you doing? Are you talking in short-hand or are you, um, This is the same guy that called as Jim Richie the other day. Right. Yeah. You're right. Yeah. Do the same moron. You're just as boring today as you were the other day. It's Joe Hartman again. We have an open line in Broward 524. So what's the story? How come we haven't had a call? You know, that's the thing that really frost my can. What I need somebody from pop at a park to call it on that bat line. And let us know what the hell is really. I mean, there's an article here on Durses quote, Pop at Omega Close. And the legislature hasn't done this. And we don't have the tax break. I mean, you know, we're just all sitting here holding the dam racing for a Hold in the program. Waiting for Jeff Gregory to win another race. And I don't think any of us can live that long. Pembroke Pines. Neil. Yes. Hey, coming home yesterday here about the hockey looking front of me on a Bag of a tow truck, one of them French Canadian cars. Oh, great. Listen, put on Richard Bayt is morning. He's all rained out. Yeah, I heard they got some kind of a special on there. What are they doing? Metal lands, parkways underwater and Lloyd Liz the young stuck out and traffic and Telling everybody that is raining and stuff. Well, listen, I'm out of sighting. Yeah, and Channel 4, you put on. Don't tell you, I think about hockey, but don't show you that it's raining in New York. Well, listen, that's great. And that it's snowing in Buffalo. Yeah. Like that's a bulletin. How about Tony Segretto, huh? What an asshole, man. I am so disgusted with him. He just a self promoting clown. What can I do with the god? You said it. Have a great day. Okay. Great day. Here's a mobile in Papano. Are you doing? Okay. I went to the hockey game the other night. I enjoyed the hell out of it. Yeah. You know what the best part was? I don't know if anyone called it told you that in between the second and third period they were having spectators come down and shoot the puck in the net. Yeah. And they liked the, I announced her for a lack of a better term was Paul Castro Noble. Oh yeah. And he had a resounding round of booth. He was an ass. That's the truth. Anyone else who was able to verify it was great. I love it. It was great. What a puffed up piece of shot he is. Yeah. You know, uh, Wayne Eisenberg is God. We should erect a monument to this guy if I can say that. By the way, you know who's always talking about Paul Castro Noble. Like he's his big buddy in calling him on the air. Joey. So what does that tell you? Losers of a feather flock together. Little Joey or Joey Reynolds. Joey Reynolds. Oh, well, that's yeah. Who cares? Yeah. Well, anyway, I just wanted to pass that bit. Well, now you got something to look forward to. You got like 80 or what is it? 81 games they play 82 something like that. You got a whole flock load for you. If you really want to know the truth, I live in Cooper City. I can't wait for them to build that new stadium up by Joe Robby. You and me both. You and me both. You and me both. You and me. And then I might even become a beat fan. That's right. I'm afraid of God to heat come with him because you know, my amy arenas. Great, but who the hell wants to go down there every day? Right. But I would go to Joe Robby. In fact, going in that area, it's like kind of like playing Russian roulette with a gun. It's got all six bullets. You don't have much of a chance. Thanks Neil. Have a great weekend. I am an imbosal. I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy, I believe it looked like an older interview. You had less hair than you have today. How do you explain that? I don't wear a wig, sir. Paint your balls pot? What balls pot? You paint your balls pot? I don't know what you're talking about, sir. My hair grows. You paint your balls pot. I don't have a balls pot. How come you had less hair on the tape? Maybe my hair group. Maybe I had a bad haircut that day. By the way, something. What are you care? Paint your balls pot? I don't. Do you paint your balls pot? Paint your balls pot? Sick. Maybe every smoke pot. You know, I don't have the answer. I used to know it and I don't know it. There is a formula about what it is. Okay, 12. Well, he's going off the air pretty soon. So I figured we'd better get as much of the Kingmister as we can, huh? He's going to be on daytime, but not in this market and not in too many markets. Boy, he in a dream world, huh? We have an open line. By the way, I just mentioned in passing since we do have like 8,000 lines. But there is one little blue line in that is not lit at the moment. It's very disconcerting at 5, 2, 4. And I do want to mention that at the home show at the beach convention center. We got our Camille Sounds WYOD booth in the main lobby with all our best of tapes and CDs and T-shirts 6 to 10 tonight. Noondetendomorrow, noon to 9, 30 Sunday and Monday from 1 to 5 and 6 to 10 in the PM. So tonight, tomorrow, Sunday and most of the day on Monday. You can go by the convention center on the beach and make an ice donation to Camille Sounds and pick up your good stuff, okay? And our 18 T-Camille Sounds Hotline is working now all across the state. 1,800, 8,5,2, oh oh oh oh 6, we got 55,094 and counting and we're doing pretty damn well. Here's a mobile in 4-Lauderdale. Hello? Yeah. I got an aim for our hockey team. I've got Miami ice. Okay, great. We have an open line. Let's leave that turn around. Kent, okay. I'm not going to spend four hours here today. Oh god, I mean, I just, I might lack for words for these guys to get on the year and spend an entire show. Oh, we got some certificates here. Let's give a certificate for the best name for the new hockey team and they spend like hours. Oh, I mean, that's such exciting radio. It's enough to make me barf on my shoes. Come on, Norm. God, almighty. He's surrounded by nothing but hate and homophobia and venom and psychosis on that station. And his best shot. And I do mean shot is to come back and oh, let's name the new hockey team. Oh, please Norm, go to court and do a job for somebody who needs you. Here is a mobile and beautiful pom-bage. Neo, what did you have to put in Randy's mouth to make her sound like that? I beg your pardon sir. You, you figure it out. Okay. That it? That's it. So help me. Anybody that calls and suggests an aim for the hockey team. You're going to be gone so fast. That line. What? No, I'm Kent. Norm, Kent. Yeah, I'm not good. You don't have enough time on your own radio show. Hey, listen, I'll give you $100 for Camilla's house, but don't knock my Florida free. I'm going to be there in the forest. All free is this. Freeze this. My God, you're on that station over there with all these right wing. I'm not just homophobic asshole of geeks sitting around and playing grab ass with each other on a year all day and you're on a, oh, what's the name for the hockey team? Come on Norm. Hey, sometimes Neo when they're, you know, when they're crushing, you just got to laugh at him and stare in their face and come up with something funny. The audience in the morning wants to be walking up to cheer, not to say. I got news for you Norm. Your audience ain't never going to wake up. Okay, because in forest lawn, they're not waking up again. Hey, I have 12 plus in my audience. Aha. You got 95 plus. All right, that the donation to Camilla's house just went down in 90. You went up to 110 just for this call. I'm telling you, once just to say something nice about me, just one. I already said you're the best criminal attorney in the Eastern, the USA. All right, I watch my yeast in USA. You too, thank you. I'll see ya. I will say something nice. He's a great attorney and a good guy sometimes, but overgrown child. I don't want to hear about your rotisserie baseball team. I don't want to hear about your God. I mean, talk about self promoting about his sports memorabilia. And I don't think you can even say bail your orbelia. Can you say that? I don't think so. Especially if Alex is on the board. Unless he wants another paid vacation. Yeah. Alex says, I'll go for that. Let's talk about a walking in his this afternoon. And get another two week vacation for six, seven hundred bucks. How much did you get? Because it's a lot more than George 400. See, I told ya. Told ya. No, no, no, no. He was on the Saturday morning. It exactly meant a four. But nothing could prepare me when I'm not going to rally. Stored. He was round. He was going to be an infinity. The shave he was just about to put a cannon to the macro wave. I asked he used the bathroom. He said he didn't care. He was reading the sun's signal. He and his underwear. I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be. And there was extra crucifix of face for all to see. I didn't see. I didn't see. He said he should. I had come to mold along. But I found Jesus in recovery, his jaw. He's brother, right? I got home at 10 o'clock. Because by the time I washed my hands, I'd washed my sins away. Now I'll learn to be intolerant on watch the Robertson. And I'll vote for him and you can't even be this run. I'll pretend to be a hymnster. But my liberal days are gone. Because I found Jesus in recovery, his jaw. But... Oh, God. Okay. Miramar. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to call you to tell you how completely ridiculous I think you're so It's how I mean, I don't know. Some of your guest-based creepy on the reason I've listened to it is just to hear your... Yeah, I think. Just to discuss the little views on everything. Yeah, yeah. Guys, you sound like you're just losing it like you're coming apart of the seams. I mean, I mean, like today for instance, you're talking about this ice hockey thing in South Florida. About what? Ice hockey. No, we don't call it ice hockey. Okay, we just call it hockey. Everybody knows it's played on ice. Although you're skitting a skidding on thin ice right now. Yeah, I mean, why would it not? Why don't you grow up? Okay, if you don't like it, nobody's going to force you to go. But don't start here dictating what my show should be. And whether we should like hockey or not, go find a life you asshole. God, what a stupid punk, man. Well, that I've been elected president. I just don't have an out time to chase babes. And listen to Neil Rogers wanted to. Party on day here. You can't be like that. Are you kidding? Last month alone, I spent 180 bucks on condoms. If you're on the Bay Patrol, say sex can be a major budget item. That's why you need to feedy seven condoms cleaner. With TD seven, a pair of gloves and safety goggles, you'll be able to use your condoms again. And again, cutting your monthly bill by 85%. Hey, Harry, look what I found in the parking lot. Good, geez. Harry, what do you want to pick up something like that for? Are you kidding? With little TD seven, I'll knock half out, fuck off my monthly condom bill. Ask me those safety goggles. You're still a virgin, aren't you? Yeah. No, TD seven condom cleaner. And for you really big guys, try new TD 13. 107, a WIOD or DD4 for the people in this place. Let's continue moving along, sing and a song. When we get in those trends from Tampa, they must be really bad this time. Like about a point eight. See, the hurricane month is dropping off this time, so there are no excuses if it's really bad. It means it's just a death wish. It's hopeless. And based on what my gut feelings are about that particular market, I think it probably is. I don't have a bonus, but this week on MTV, Zun Plug, Junus for the mellow sounds of Megateth. On a suck your blood, lead your flesh and kill your family. I love death. I feel you're their biggest hits in our all acoustic format. I'm a lima from hell. Who feeds on you and skin? Murder and evil are my only friends. Armageddon's your violin and die. Die. Die. Let's write this Sunday hear the intimate sounds of Megateth. On MTV's Unplugged. Or as I say in England, up chuck and die. Media Religious Bob Summers, actor with four cast here. You stuck radio safety. Nobody my L.T. We're doing it. We're crawling up there in Tampa, man. We just got the numbers Tom Velvita is like changing his underwear right now. We're starting to creep up a little bit. And the interesting part of it is on the pages I'm looking at FLA had a great trend. They went up and we went up. It's not the same audience. I've told you that. We're not interested in those old farts who are looking for, you know, the same old tired crap. That's not what we want. Now let's see 25 to 54. Overall, this is the whole day. WSU went goes from a one one to a one four. Mornings went down. What does that tell you? Point nine to a point six. Mid days from a one four to a one eight. Wait till you hear night time. After noon, one two to a one two flat. Night time, Randy. I'm going to tell you something, Randy. If you don't hit them for some serious money after this trend today, you're a wimp. And I know you're not. Night times 25 to 54 from a point nine to a two four. The highest number of the day at night. And that's incredible. That's unbelievable. Woo. Man 18 plus. From a one five to a two, the whole station of this. You went mid days from a two to a one. Mid days from a two one to a two five. After noon's a one eight to a two three and night time from a one four to a two eight. Woo. Did I tell you I'm going to say something right now. And I hope that Bob Green is listening. I hope Bob Neil is listening. I hope everybody. Hope boy Gary is listening. And I hope the assholes, including Jeff Clark back in sales are listening. Okay. This garbage about getting the Miami heat on this radio station. And all this other garbage in night. You've got a goddess on there or not. I'm not just joking about that. This broad is great. I mean boy Gary stepped into a bucket of shot when he hired her just a greatest thing since life bread. She's dynamite. She's fun. She's caught on. She's a hit like in the network. Remember that he's a hit. Damn it. A big big fat hooded hit. And they want to clutter up the night. Forget about all that sports man. It's a ton of work. It's a loss. It's not even a loss leader. It's a loss loser. Let Q a M have it. Let somebody else have it. And stop at all this sports crap. Make up your mind what you want to be. If you want to be the entertainment station man. If you want this thing to fly. We can just kick smelly gigantic butt. But stop screwing up the thing. Would like with this game tonight. Very university in the Miami. Crowd of less than 2,000. The game is on TV on sunshine. We're carrying it on a radio because we get blackmailed. In order to carry you and football. We got to carry all this other stuff that nobody cares about. Randy doesn't have really a show until Monday. She'll be on after the game tonight. And that should be like about the 930 10 o'clock for like a brief hour hour and a quarter. I hope during that period of time. She takes these numbers.