I can't get enough, you know what I'm saying? When do we start? 11. 28. I think I said that, but you can't give the time to offer you on all time all time, all birthday radio. You know what I like the best on a Reneerie show now that new feature where he does is a little trance in his pants? And he tells you about who won the lottery thing. Even you heard that way, goes in that little fake trance. It would be like going into a trance and like reading to the headline from the Metro Extras section in yesterday in Tuesday, Sunset and I'll tell you, I was saying, water supply surgeon February, Rain May 4th State District measures to avoid flooding in Lake Oca-Chobie. I think it's going to say in the upper right-hand quarter of FH3B. And then the end-right-hand recovery comes in and says, well you know that water supply surgeon February, Rain May 4th State, how about that? Yeah, good job man. And that goes about 30 seconds in between those spots. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, doing. Pretty good. Pretty good. Let me say it again. Yes sir, speak to me. Speak now. Hello. Hi, how are you doing? Hello. Hello. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Hi. Uh, that's not you watching that planning. Did you say anything that was really strange? Don't have a show. George wants it off your holding your nose like tiny cruise. Are you doing that? Do you have no? He said you are. He said you have that nasal condition. Tell me, can I hold this? Okay. Uh, look at that. Okay, go ahead. Dr. During the scene where, uh, Daling. He's going to meet that woman. Vaseline. Yeah, Vaseline. He's going to meet that woman out in the parking lot. Yeah, right. And Gary came driving up and said you were a douchebag and it's raining. Dad, you got all over the road. Are you raining? And she went and went home. Yeah. But how come she wasn't wet? How come she wasn't soaking wet? I'm not getting too personal. Okay. Because she's a cool fish. That's probably just. I want to show that scene. I just rolled off my bed. Well, hey, listen, don't take much in your case. God, I'm ready to love this show. I want to tell you that you're going to be in the video. Yes, I am. All right. And I enjoy your show. Yes, I do. And, uh, I'm crazy on the gap over 16 years. And I wish you were another 16 years. At least another 16 minutes anyway. I'm not right. Right. Bye bye. Okay. There you go. 1130 now is Woody Graper on his way over with our soup. I'm really delighted. Okay. 1130 was the deadline. Now we're going to start talking about, uh, you know who? And really let him have it but good. I mean, that's just unconscionable. You know what? I mean, just absolutely outrageous. After all of the exploiting and all of the squeezing and all of the, um, self-a-grand diesmith that's going on. I think my name is probably going to get rubbed off the wall up there now. But, in fact, I think I might be the one to do it. West Palm Beach, hello. I probably view around power 96 pretty soon. Pretty good. I saw the fiber trooper up here and West Palm Beach just now. The fiber trooper? Yes, got a Corvette. Oh, that one, yeah. Oh, yeah. He's a real jerk though. But he does this by me about nine years in there about 60. Does it by like, like, nice soup? Yeah. Oh, by the way, you have to get your solar heat or even get your water. I'm not getting those solar. I'm not getting no heat pump. I'm getting me gas, propane gas. What about the water softener? And that's coming into water exchange. Just taking care of that. I'm all taken care of. And the plumber came and fixed my toilet. And the dogs you're smiling and everything is just, you know, it's just a big hassle in the beginning. Gotta like make it all fall into place. Oh, by the way, you really tired, um, put a fire on these traffic guys. We're in because all this traffic report this morning were 100% correct. Well, how do you like that? Yeah, that was up there going towards north and 95. And every time there's something happening, they have a don't forget it's a leap year. Once every four years, they get a traffic report right. Walt, pretty nice. You know him, right? Walt and traffic? No, I don't. He's a guy who's a get the update to it. We're being nice guys. We call him, say, yes, really here. I don't have any idea who that is. All right. Well, if you have a good day. And you too. This is a thing around what's on and on, boing beach. Okay. Have a good one. See ya. What is he talking about? There must be one of the Palm Beach. See the people up there in Palm Beach. Think that those of us in Dayton, Browns, the other side of the neighborhood, is really what this, you know, they think that we kind of revolve around the Palm Beach traffic people and about, you know, Lee Faure and Jeno and all of the little six-watt stations up there, PBR is PBS still on the year, by the way. Here's a lady in Helen Dale. Hi, Neil. Hi. I'm a visitor from Philadelphia and I've bumped into your show yesterday. I think it's great. Well, that's good. I heard you mentioned Larry Glick. Are you talking about Larry Glick from WBC, but? Of course, I don't think there's any other Larry Glick I don't think there's any other Larry Glickwood lemonade stand. Larry Glick was on WHDH in Boston and in a year or two, he got a can and he's out on the beach and I can't believe it. And unless somebody knows some more information, I don't know what happened. I was love Larry Glick. He was fun. But his Glick, McClick. But Larry and C. Larry's thing was overnight. C. They should have kept him on WBZ. He would back in the days when Jerry Williams was doing eight to midnight. And Larry Glick was on overnight. That was a great combination. Because he's an overnight guy. Well, the thing I couldn't figure out was, Boston people are usually pretty intelligent. Right. All he was doing was little Glick mix, which I didn't think did Boston do well. But it was overnight. I mean, overnight people to quantify World War three. They used to get that with Jerry Williams. They want to have a little fun. They want to smooth the ones from characters. He had like a hole in the characters. That was a fun show. And he used to get calls from all over the country because that big signal. And I don't know. He just kind of faded into the world of work. Maybe somebody will call in and we'll find out. Also report on how rich they are. Yes. He is getting boring on radio on radio. Really? Well, he's maybe trying to spread his butt to thin. You know, that TV show. I don't care what anybody says, including Rick and Suss and Chuck Meyer. Anybody else, the TV show is terminal. Okay. I mean, you can only show breasts and organs. So many different times in so many different positions. And that's basically it. Okay. TV shows sucks. What are you saying, George? You like the TV show? I don't never get tired of seeing breasts. It's very soft. George says you can never see too many breast no matter how saggy they are. It's very soft for more. Yeah. If he has a guest on his radio show, it's good. If not, all he does now is fetch. Yeah. Constantly fetched. Well, he's got to get rid of that TV show and get back to his name. When Robin gives a news, he gives his opinion. Uh-huh. Very pontific. Oh, I would like to do that. I'd like to interrupt our news and give my opinion all the way through. Yeah, but he's very pontific. He's not funny. That's the sad thing. Okay. If he has a visitor, he'll put himself out and be funny. He doesn't make up any more bits anymore. He just is coasting real. Going through the motions. Well, after you make the first 20 million, I guess you just go through the motions. Right. But it's good here. He's good to hear some talk radio. Well, have a great day. Thank you. Bye-bye. 11.35 W.I.O.D. And let's tell you about. I want you to know that on the day of my daughter's wedding, I forego. The delicious to he's in crepe that I was going to have from original Pancake House after my tire aid yesterday. I think Denemberg finally. Although don't count your crepes before they had. She finally got the message that I can't just sit here and keep eating and eating for all our wonderful sponsors forever because let's face it. I've had that a few times and it's great and it's always great. All of stuff at original Pancake House is fresh and delicious and unique because it's just different. All kinds of crepes like French crepes and continental and cherry kiyapa crepes and mandarin apple crepes and shells. Serve with lemon butter and powdered sugar. Oh man is that sound good. And all kinds of specialties and omelets and delicious goodies like beef stroganoff crepes and spinach and chicken or seafood crepes. And the fajita crepes is like beef or chicken along with peppers onions and lots more. Rapped in a special crepes shell. It's just going to knock the crepe out of your man. It's just fantastic. Get original Pancake House. All four locations open every night till 9 pm, seven days a week. And there are now four of them. In the town of country mall down in Kendall, 126 in Biscayne and North Miami. Federal Highway just north of the sunrise in Fort Lauderdale and a brand new one is celebrating the grand opening right now on the corner of Hillsboro and federal highway in Dearfield Beach. And during the month of March it's go for the gold month. Come in and get a gold medal for good for a buck off on any lunch or dinner on tray on your next visit to the original Pancake House. You tell them that soon to be really skinny Neil sent you by to the original Pancake House nearby you. Paul from where my suit. Well it's here. In the 40s W. I. D. The original ponytail guy guy who doesn't leave us in the lurch man Woody Graber who's not here plugging anything who's not here looking for freebies. Yeah plug this. Thank you so much, Woody. What a guy. Probably got some free child for yourself though, but they're into. Yeah, how do you like that? Some of them guy for me too. Oh yeah. Well don't let the word out on that. So thank you so much to Mr. and Mrs. Yats. What is that stuff? This is just some customized program. Oh man. Look at that. I got to have that immediately. Look at that. A 66 vet. We custom paint job with like pink and green and like yellow. And I mean you have to really see this to believe it with incredible lines and the stripes and a partridge and a pair of tree. Where that was is from? Car show somewhere? Yeah, it's done by Rally Fernandez. God. Where the wheels? From the where is it? It's going to be the convention center. On the 13th, 14th and 15th. God. On the 13th, 14th and 15th. And what he just happens to have a bunch of passes here. Thank you so much. Rally Fernandez, world of wheels. At the Miami Beach Convention. Oh, on the beach. I don't think I can't go over there. March 13th, 14th and 15th. The special parking place, too. Please, under cover. Oh God. I can't get over these. Look at these. Here's an 86 vet with a custom paint job. There we go. He's your wife. Oh, I just need to go. You got to say about Rishno. He's so full of energy. Yeah. Who are you doing? Yeah. Well, I said he can't get a, this tourlier than a day from the get up energy to call the talk line. He's got to call on the bat line. It's one less digit. I'm waiting for each of you. God started calling up here and rip and poor rich Packed to be a good guy. Okay. We like him from a distance. Then you any good tapes lately? No. Crap. Anyway. You know, I was going to mention this a while back on all the crap hit the fan about what my amy beach. But you know, I was down there that night. And the friend of mine were heading down to an opening, a record opening, a record release. And we saw your car. We were going to stop in there. Could you have made? But I imagine what? How different things would have been. Yeah, right. Man, that would have sure gotten me all excited. I'd have headed for the back exit if I saw you. Oh, cute color. I'd get more excited about tempest storm than you guys. So listen, my wife and I are an anchor drug. We have an open line in date, 751. She picks up international mail. Yeah. And we're getting to Orlando. Oh, how come everybody else in town has got a copy of that? And I'm sitting here holding my mic in my hand. Well, she's gone crazy. This is the guy you talked about. That's him. I'll tell you what. If I would taste, you don't know what he looks like. You know, you are doing too bad until that moment. But I got news for you. Okay. Orlando has more eroticism in his in his. It's less farmed. Or it than you've ever seen in your life. Okay. Orlando is God. All right. Don't forget to hear underneath his arm. Yeah, right. At least you don't have it on the back of his neck like you do. Careful at head. Oh, well, I had to get that out. Yeah, I bet you did. Good day. Good day. What a sleaze bag. 1254. W.Y.D. He's another one. Got a pretty good looking wife. Very good. I don't know what happened there. Somebody's women, man. There must be something that does meet the eye. No, it looks aren't everything in all that crap, but you're full of garbage. We have an open line in date, 751 and the out of town line, which has been pretty damn uh, eventful today. I can't believe it. 1-800-944-WI-O-D. Here's a lady in the gables. Hi. How are you? I'm okay. Good. I'm very happy to make a trust in your share with the bosses of our and the office today. So I've been sitting here listening to you all morning. Great. Isn't that tremendous? Tell them to keep going. Make it a habit. I wish. Anyways um, I can decided that's my name. Tomorrow night, not landing. Yeah? Well, I'm excited about tomorrow morning. It's 7 when I get to see it. I had a very buddy also in the satellite so I can come in tomorrow morning for it. Oh, that's not fair. Why not? You can see it ahead of time. Is that a night? Yeah, 7 o'clock every Thursday morning. Oh. You don't know that? No? Well, that's right. You can't listen often enough. Well, let's see that. So I came on last. I came on last Thursday at 9 o'clock every morning and told everybody that was page a cut shot and not the senator. Oh, how could you do that? Well, hey, listen. They've got a good sense of humor. Why not? We don't want to have all that stress in their lives. They can't wait till 10 o'clock at night to find it. Oh, and let me tell you, I was in here to be a higher hour. Why? Why? I don't know that says it's written in pieces because I'm a real big not-swind. Well, I am too, but lately I've been in tears because it's so bad. And Alex, man, he is really getting on my nerves. He's a seedy little sleazebag is all he is. You've played a minute. You blame her? I know it, but in her, but a little bit of a minute. Let's remember what we're talking about. She's lucky that anything that's alive is anywhere in your heart. Exactly. Right. That's so true. That's so true. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. That's so true, but we can't stop the pain. All listen, she'll be alright. So go. Yeah, we'll have several months of her rehab. And then all of a sudden one day she'll walk up and start running Sprints to the kitchen and you know, you know how that is. Right. Yeah. To make sure that mommy's not doing anything too bad. Oh, I guess that mommy's got to fight. Well, we'll find out. She always kind of like, steps aside and falls back. You know, what are those deals? Well, listen, I'll call a tomorrow. I'll give you a little preview. I'll run us for you. I'll have a great day. Bye-bye. 1257 at WIOD. We have an open line. Look at a John Claude, a Killy and douchebag in there. The two French Canadian interior decorators. I thought they had like one car rack they were doing. Look at that. Look at the, and they're like, got 80 million things that they're putting up in there in a control room. And here we get crap. We get nothing in here. And there they have all this so hand carved. Wouldn't uh, very expensive. I'm sure because they got to get the bus back to a Montréal. That's what we got in there. But in here we get like, because we're only on the air in here. This doesn't count. Okay. We got all the important commercials in there. Here we just got these stupid bits. We have an open line in day. Did I say that at 751 WIOD. And we got a lady in Miami waiting. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I just heard you ask about that catalog. Yeah. Well, thank you so much. I mean, how, I guess everybody else had to get kind of a good look in the field and grasp of it before they decide to let it go. Well, I met you a champion, Marine, and you signed something for my homophobic son. Oh, yeah. And then when I got, now what did you say when you gave it to him? Oh, you screamed. You tear it out of the chair. It was great. Really? Yeah. He wanted to rip it to shreds. But I won't let him. Did he show it to his boyfriend? No, he's keeping it to the secret. Yeah, I'll bet. Probably keeps it under his pillow. No, it's in my room. I won't come near. Oh, tell him to butcher up. I will. Yeah, what a, what a, what a, was. Oh, it's great. Great. You want made him crazy. Good. Anyway, plain brown envelope. I mailed it yesterday and I called up your desk. But I know how sometimes things disappear. Yeah. I wanted to be sure you got it. Okay. It's a version so to speak. Copy. Great. I mean, I enjoyed it. But I didn't. I'll keep my flat my eye peeled for it all day. Okay. Thanks. Bye-bye. Look at that. I am, oh, man. It wasn't enough with the salespeople. I am so parked off now. I could just spit blood. In fact, I think I'm going to do. And I know who I'm going to spit it on any second. They have got the most incredible array of cart of wooden cart racks that they're putting in a control room now. Like not one of them, not two of them. But like, I guess there's another one that goes in the upper corner. They got a four of them. How do you like that? The whole wall in there is being covered with great cart racks. Well, all the nice slots. I mean, polished and painted and shined. And what do we got in here? We just keep begging. And we got all these big empty walls. And we got spaces. We could have 5,000 cart racks. And we could have like organized to have it in order and do it like. In other words, like, though, it was on the year really counted, which, of course, we know doesn't count. It's only the commercials that are in a control room that counts. What's in here that, you know, makes the show and that the people listen for, that doesn't count. So screw that and let them play with all their stupid silly old racks and all that. Right? I'll leave who get lost, you guys. You make me sick. This is a secret. You can talk for free and ran. WI-O-D presents the real Rogers show. Thanks, this is the good intention to talk with me. You'll dial 7 fine 1, WI-O-D. Transit. It was an hour to five to four WI-O-D. Outside the real five-area code, so free, 1-800-944 WI-O-D. And bell-south mobility customers make a free call by dialing star-I-O-D. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Dog Radio. 6th, WI-O-D. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. I don't want to go on where it's you, baby. I'm thinking, try to see it show it's back. Munching the loudest and my feet are flat. I don't want to go on where it's you, baby. I don't want to go on where it's you, baby. I don't want to go on where it's you, baby. Look at its back, six to all my nose. I'm getting rid of all of me, I'm close. It's burning top and all my pented holes. I'm falling out, tell me they're wearing shows. Those days are over and I used to swell. But I'm just Daniel and my life turned down. I'm selling code out in some show, real. I can't believe it, I'm just too chill. I don't want to go on where it's you, baby. I'm thinking, try to see it show it's back. What do you expect? at a WID nothing's perfect but we're working on it and we got the Claude and Lerou in there and they're really doing it in the control room flashing the flash here's a candle hello hey hey you doing now I'm doing great man so what if like already it's 107 the birds are doing it on my car it's great take report yeah did you see the news yesterday about about the officer they shot the dog no no no no don't do but shot the dog he told the dog he shot a dog yeah German ship was he was just three in the nose and then they came they got the dog they took it off to a remote place and they buried it and they what do you want to hold it what do you do that for it I don't know the right target practice I don't know but he says that the dog was trying to bite yeah and he shot the dog he pretty smart dog I would say yeah I wish the dog would tour his head off there you go hey did you ever have to know what happened to build you it he's a still live for real yeah all right we're a searchin for me still live where the hell did the guy say someplace that I'm Ontario he's like hot in hiding now yeah where are you remote gonna be at don't have any remotes how about uh how come you didn't come by champion on Saturday how do you know how do I know what I'm the one that came to champion because you wouldn't be asking where the remotes if you would have been there on Saturday who is this the guy from the home set yeah you did not come by yeah I could that was a car oh geez are we back to that again how about a bus how about a cab don't you know anybody don't you know somebody Danny D in a house of full effect I told you well so what does that mean that means he couldn't pick me up he's busy man he's busy doing told schools or something okay I'll we'll do a remote done next door to your house one of these days then you want to go far come to cut the ridge okay I'm holding it one-on-one in Wiod we have an open line in date every day this guy's like got a new story uh seven five one Wiod let's go to um coconut creek hello I nail that's why we're not coming down by us sir we're not coming down a homestead they all hold this yes I'm in a process of moving I go out my door right now could you put me out over that no problem uh Miramar hello yeah okay oh this water line God's name do you hire two friends Canadians do you know what do you mean why did I hire what are you talking to me about like I got something to do with this you had no say in it no I have no say in anything wow no say Jose what's what's with all these can up for it I just do the work palies that put down a floor show an air just screw off the thing on a wall just screw off period this guy man I'm talking with the white here it looks like sunny's illegitimate grandfather in her from the market he said he is I believe it unbelievable now he did these guys are friends they're imposter they have no putt of it all uh skinny is a rail so how about there's our car sale probably on work release for Montreal federal prison how about what car salesman what about them they're the worst in the house you're not even the same league you're due to dreaming trust me I know you had to deal with them you had to deal from the cars I don't have any problem with car sales but I go in there I'm an already know what I want there's no deal no mess no fuss I go inside on the dotted line you got a lot of money right on a check in the goodbye good looking at certain that's the end see that they're real intimidating well I mean not to me but to like if a girl doesn't there yeah don't how under the car and for the car too yeah a girl can't go in there and negotiate at the old party on all that why do you make these glittering generalities I bet we got women in the audience right now got in and probably did a much better job of negotiating than there will be boyfriends or husbands who go in here and just go yeah whatever you say because the guys that are once and have the hots for the cars the woman is just looking for transportation so she's not gonna get all go see an emotional about a damn car like most guys do that's true not all women are like that right I know you yeah I bet I know well I'm good luck to you okay I'll talk to you 11 after one a Wiod we have an open line in Broward 524 here's coconut Creek here's coconut Creek one more time here's coconut Creek rhymes with geek okay you lose there was somebody on your holden that two open lines you're both in Broward 5249463 524 Wiod if you're about ready to flip your wig like we are here why not check out the Charles Alphi or E hair system it's perfectly blended to match the hair color and texture or whatever here you got left on your head and please don't go for those stupid wigsman or silly ass things that make you look like how do you do the in drag on a bad day or governor bob take your pick each one of these deals is like I said blended to match your own hair and it gives you the freedom to take part in any of all activities like swimming in my pool sky diving and showering with a boys hair for the 90s is fully guaranteed only Charles Alphi or he gives you that unique unconditional no risk guarantee here's how it works you wear the system for 30 days if you don't feel a little bit if you're not completely satisfied return it for a full refund the people with the big bucks the movie stars the folks who really look good they wear the Charles Alphi or his system and you can afford it to it too because it's priced at just 600 bucks the reason they do it is because no matter what the cost it looks and feels better than all the other systems available to you so check it out for a free consultation with no obligation call today and check out here for the 90s and day 375 08 08 375 08 08 and out of town 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413 hi this is more of an eric and suds thing Johnny darks an asshole Hi I want my two right now okay I'm left hot, just go see Mr. Yud. I just get back, I'm so young, young, young. I want my shoe right now, okay. I want a ride away. I want my shoe right now, okay. I want my shoe right now, okay. So I guess starting tomorrow, we've got to go through that traffic at about who's going to bring the shoe over here in all that stuff. We've got to go through. I guess we ought to get that courier surface, though. They probably will do it, don't you think? She said they would do it any time we wanted it. Instead, like begging all these Zamorans in a station, and I'm not even going to go through it again. It's not worth it. After all the food that we fed these people, or we can't even get somebody to walk or drive across the street, oh, you got the number good. Let's say tomorrow morning, we'll call them and we can order it. Whatever you want. And then they'll pick it up for us. And if they want, you know, we'll pay, like 50 cents a piece. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hey, you doing? Okay. I ran a lot of everything I listened to. I'll tell you, well, what we do out here without you. That's for sure. That's what Linda Thornton said. She said, boy, that's all Neil all day. That's what she said. She's stuck it around for something. You know, I've never really noticed so much is lately, but good as gracious on the Paul Meadow and the Don Shua Park, Parkway, whatever's called. Yeah. There's more cops than ever. Uh-huh. What? Yeah. You used to write. Get used to it. It's a police state. Good lord. And I'll tell you one thing. If you can, it gets too many more votes in the upcoming primaries, they're not going to be any more primaries. Well, I don't think you have to worry about that. I just got to call off the elections, sir, and we're going to have like, I'll present at you. It's going to be the king. And then we're going to have like a pig on every street corner, making sure that you never can leave the house without a pass. Well, they had, uh, when they called the Wolf Pack, with the 13 M on motorcycles and the airplane, the whole bit. Workers on bikes, porters in the air, porters under your ass, porters behind palm trees, porters out of the bush. It there everywhere, sir. It's just unbelievable. Well, me actually, we play a request. In fact, you know, it's amazing. We don't even have a personal escort to escort us home from work, now. There's so many of them out there. Well, it's not a fact. There's one right over there. There you go. Rest in what you play a request. I doubt it. What is it? Uh, the convenience store language state. Ah, it's easier a real pain. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. Go ahead, shall. See you. Hey, yeah. Yeah. 118 at Wiod. Now I've got to go through all these damn things and find out which one that's on or I've got to look it up in the book. I'm an old man. I just don't have the energy and the strength I used to when I was young about a week ago. Oh, God. How about another? We got like, jayons of things on here all the most of our interactive that require like a mess around with. But there are like hundreds and hundreds of things on the ACN CDs that have never been flayed by human hands. Oh, I'll get it for you. One I'd say, look at that board, man. This one, a clock hour C. We used to do fine into one and two hour. We never had any problem until like crappy 930 to 10 bogus garbage. Okay. Now, try to keep the phones split to two o'clock impossible. Absolutely impossible. Because they're burnt out. You're screwed with my show guys. You're screwed with my show with this 930 to 10 crap. Okay. Four hours is perfect. Nobody does four and a half hours of this kind of a show. I mean, sitting in the morning, giving three words in between the birthdays. That's a different story. Okay. In between like 20 minutes and news, the sports, the traffic. That anybody can do that for like 10 hours. But this is a pressure packed emotional drain your vein, a kind of a program, man. And they're killing us. I'm like, said here, I made in the last break. I made one move. I put a car away back in Iraq. I came back three lines. It dropped off just during the first spot. It had just started. Because these people now are like, diverted from their appointed grounds, man. I got other crap. They're going to take care of now enough. Isn't up no matter what Linda Thornton says. We have an open line in the Sterline, Star IOD and the out of town line for Palm Beach and Vyron's 1-800-944-WIOD. In the last weekend, Toyota of Hollywood broke all sales records by issuing a Toyota savings certificate worth thousands of dollars up the price of a new Toyota. Byers came from every place, man, from Kennell, from Ojas, from Del Rey, from Plantation Acres, even from all the way down to the Dan Keys, how do you like that? Nobody had ever seen such savings before. So this is your last weekend to take advantage of the Toyota savings certificate. Check it out in the Saturdays, Miami-Herald, redeem it only at Toyota of Hollywood for huge savings on the new 1992 Camry, LA, the new 92-Tursella, flashy 92-Selica, whichever Toyota turns your thing. The Toyota savings certificate is also good for savings on parts and accessories and take a thousand dollars off on an pre-owned car truck listed in these savings certificate ads, it's waiting for you along with the best and customer service, only one place Toyota of Hollywood. When you're on the Alic, wherever you say, 120-4, I had to run carton, a thing, there at WIOD. We have an open line out of town, West Palm, those places, Martin County, Stewart. How can we know get a lot of calls from a Stewart, man? We're making sales calls up there. 1-800-944-Yahu, coconut creek. Good afternoon, Ayo. Yes, sir. Thanks, bro, Holey. I'm going to process the movie. A couple of questions. You're going to process the movie? Yes, sir. I'll get to that to the latter part of my call. Okay. Call the witness. I'm running again, a Friday. I'm misty, my couple of weeks ago. What do you mean you're running again Friday? You didn't run again Friday. Where's he running? What? Call the witness. When does he run again? Friday night. Okay, Friday night. A couple of weeks ago, when he arrived in Vegas, so I missed his run. Yeah. So did the key page first? Yes. What was he pay off? Four bucks, something. Four bucks. Four bucks. Okay, question I have won't be the best way to bet a miss. Probably across the border, huh? Across the board. Yes. Mergers? Well, I mean, how much you're going to bet? I'll probably, like 100 bucks or so. You're going to bet 100 bucks? Sure. See, you're going to knock our price down. Oh, don't bet. But you're at bet. 20 or so? Yeah, but 20 bucks to win. That's good. Okay. I tend to win in 10 to place. Okay. It's 20 to show. Okay. Better try a factor. Okay. Better quenella. Oh, we're calling her and ask me what's that mean? You have a mind of your own? Right. He looks great on Friday. He'll be just outstanding. David, we're having a drive in the Mugani's at a week off. He'll be right there. Okay, great. And my last part of my call, I want to thank you very much for the entertainment you've given me for the past. Why are you leaving us? Hey, you're, yes, sir. I'm moving to Vegas. You're moving to Vegas. Yeah. No, no, you stay here and I'll move to Vegas. Well, why don't we both? You stay here and do the show and send me my check and I'll stay in Vegas and have a lot of time with it. I would like for you and Rick and such both all three of you. Well, I'll tell you what thing. We'd be there in a heartbeat if we had the money. Yeah, I know. Anyway, I want to thank you for the past eight years. A great job, gentlemen. Come to me. I'll also want to thank Rick and such for the past year and half to your dinner team. Well, when you leave him? About 30 days. Oh, what do you got a lot of time? Two much really, yes. I know what you mean. But thank you very much. I'd certainly enjoyed you. Thanks for calling and I'll see you Friday night. Okay. Hope things work out well for you. Thanks. Have a good life. Bye-bye. Have a good life. He's going off the Vegas and worst duck here in his rat hole in his rat trap. Or even the armadillos holder knows up in here when he crossed the street because they're so disgusted knowing they're here. Probably this smell of French Canadians. We have an open line at Broward 524WIOD and one of the out of town again. 1-800-1-800-1-800 is highly a. Highly a. Yes, sir. They're doing it. We've got dirty you. Well, I'm really going to have a life. And they can't be on the hole for like a half. Yes, they can. We got two open lines right now. This is just, you know, Linda Thorton can talk all she wants. The people in this community are just, they're impossible man. They go through these different phases where they just nothing faces them. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know what you're saying. I'm just saying. I work with my parents. You can all get all of that. First I've got in this place and they just, Hey, you know, they take you for granted. That's the problem here. They take it for granted. Right? I know the feeling. You bet. Well, Neil, we're hearing highly. We're anticipating El Presidente's arrival. Oh, great. We're just giving a message for me. Would you? All right, sure well. That's the message. Neil, I saw you on TV the other night. Right. And I'm sure one of the days you said you had the cameras in your face. And I was wondering, all those cards that are around you. How do you get those in there, that click? How do we get them? Like a personal question. But how do we slip it in there, quick? Yeah. Come on over here. We'll give you demonstration. Now, it's just, you just have to know where they, it's a horrible. I mean, there really is no system. You just have to try to keep track in which, which one is in which rack, and which are the newest ones. And the old ones, and where the jingles are and the, it's, it's a nightmare. You know, boy Gary was just in here telling me that the Sarcicotic chief engineer Mitch Ween that prevents us from having the racks on the walls, like the beautiful wooden racks that the French Canadians are installing in a controller right now. So we could have it organized and we could know what we were doing. And, you know, have this like a real, they don't care. All the engineer cares about is how the studio looks. He doesn't care about how it sounds on a year. He doesn't care about what their dysfunctional, whether it works. All he cares about is it's like some kind of a show place. And nobody ever sees it, you know, like once every two years, somebody gets busted here like me or somebody. And it gets on a TV for like three seconds. Oh, there it is. There's the IOD banner and there's the who cares, you know, this supposed to be a functional studio and they don't give a crap. I'm serious. I'm thinking to joke. I'm not joking, man. This is like a monument like the valley shrine or something. Anyone who's motorized here that's that take around all the different cars that's that'd be back to you. Yeah, I was trying to head a motorized one. I'll tell you that. And a chair too. Neil, one last thing before I go. Yes, sir. I wish the police would maybe go into the other movie theaters and set up some of these people trying to talk over our movies. Yeah. I mean, this doesn't work. I mean, when time buyer starts a screaming, we're allowed. I want to hear what he's screaming about. Have a great day. All right. Thanks, Miss. See you. It's usually Peter North muscle the amount of the way. We have an open line in date, 751 out of town, 1-800-944. You know the rest get with a jump on a program jump on this jump on Z as they say in the Quebec. There is some clown out front dressed as a pig that wants you to see. I don't want to see him. Okay. We have had more interruptions. This radio station. I'm telling you right now is on the verge of being or maybe it's past the verge totally out of control. I have never in my life. I say it every day and it doesn't do a damn bit of good. I have never worked in a radio station where any jack ball from off the street. We have more people in the control room in the studio up and down the halls who don't even belong in a building. People who just wander in. I have never worked in such a slip shot outfit where they just allow Miss Koreans from all over the evening Canadians to walk all around a building. And they don't even know who knows what they're doing here. Just stay and come and off the street. Sure have a sandwich. Go check out the place. What kind of crazy crap is that, man? I go outside of my car. There's like three of people trying to pedal me stuff for my pool. We got 65 salesmen out there. What is this? What kind of security is this man? This is hell. Here's a mobile and for waterdale. They knew. Yes sir. Are you doing? Okay. This is Roberto. Roberto? Yes. We had a broken briefly to pass. But I have a little tid bit of Roberto. What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? Rick Sanchez and I play little league baseball together. You played together as children? Yes we did. I tell you something. Is there an impropos as he is today? Worst as a child. He was back then when we were 11 or 12 years old. I believe it. And I'll tell you what. He was quite a character back then. He thought his dude who didn't football. Yeah. But he said this morning on the air. What? I already have a homosexual relationship with Leo. So I might as well have one with you too. Yeah. That's what he said. We'll give him my number. And you know who he was talking to? No. Jim Berry. Yeah. But I just want to say that. Jim Berry runs with... He was on the best team of course. Of course. Of course. But what was he like on the Olympic drinking team or something? He's a hell of a guy. He used to be with Alvin and a chipbunks. I know. Did you see a cheek? Yeah. That was it. He used to be the cheek. Yeah that was it. He's a... Sally said she checked out his cheeks man and she almost passed out. Can I call somebody a dude? Would I drop in that gas over Iraq? Yes sir. Daddy did a call if you're out there or think about that. Wait a minute. Teddy, what? Teddy, Dean at Cola. How come everything you say you put that Spanish thing to it? You made that E. Dean at Cola sounds pretty Italian but you made it sound Hispanic. Did I really? Yeah. Like a rural rental. A rural rental. Nice job. Have a go on. How do you? Bye-bye. Well, 32 and you get your tongue like all wrapped up in itself man. You can have like some bad accidents. He's been in Broward 524 Rollless and out of town is sitting there man real quiet. No calls from store today or Fort Pierce. You know, Harry Smith must be a real geek. CBS sends him all over the world and this morning they had Mark McEwen to bald weather a guy. He was in Vero doing the Dodgers thing with a stupid silly uniform and she moves into Raubadle's sort of. And La Sorta was doing shameless plugs for Ultra Slim Fass and guess what spot came on about three minutes later on in show. I'll give you like 85 guesses and the first 84 don't count. on count. But anyway, Harry is asking him about Virobe. Is that on the East Coast of the West Coast of Florida? I mean, Harry and then Mark is talking about how he came to flew into Orlando and it took him two and a half hours to drive to Virobe. How can it take you two and a half a you could drive from Orlando to Fort Lodderdale in two and a half hours? And Virobe just like a hundred miles north or at least 80 north and for what kind of driving we are doing? Mark? God, what a maniac. Speaking of that, here's a mobile and yeehaw junction. Hey Neil, how you doing today? Okay. Hey, how are the yahu's in yeehaw? Oh, how are the yahu's a president they just landed? He's on the tube now. Hey, I see him out here for all these cows. Yeah. Hey, all right. Did you hear about that? He thought it was Barbara. There he go. Did you hear about those new uh uh uh that just stalking wall that child's going to put into the effect? The stalking law? stalking. Where are they stalk you if you see someone in your uh if you're watching them too much or follow them too close so they get you for stalking. Well stalking stalking. Yeah, we'll be careful down there. They're going to get you for stalking. Right. They don't like those corn stalkers. No, not those either. Or whores either. Are we living in a police state or what are we doing here? What? Is this a police state or what? Say it again. Is this a police state or what? See. Okay. I love you. 134 at WioD. We have an open line in the day line 7519463. You leave my mom or out of this. Tonight it's the driver's showdown. Third chapter. We had Kevin Wallace beat the crap out of a Keith Wapah. Kevin Wapah. Uh uh Ron Wapah. Oh, I'm losing it now. Kevin Wallace beat Ronnie Wapah's two weeks ago in the first one. Kelly Shepherd edged out Dave Ingraham by carrying him wide in the final race of their contest and carried livius almost into the outer fence and aged him out in a very mediocre rivalry. But tonight it ought to be a really good one. Don Harman of Michigan, John Hogan of Duayland and the third, fifth, seventh, eighth, tenth and 11th races racing against the fields against each other, picking their own horses of course. So we'll see who's the best driver and who's the best tandy camper. And the harness driver showed on his regular Wednesday night feature every Wednesday night right through the championship final on April number 29. Friday night, bring the whole family out because call the witness our people's also be in the ninth race driven by Dave Ingraham who's four for four with him. And there'll also be a big baseball card show at the track beginning at 6pm featuring former giant rookie of the year and Yankee pitching star John Hogan of Fusco who I met Monday night is a great guy. Language tape number six. The convenience store. Follow along and repeat. Convenience store manager. Hello, may I be too happy you believe? Repeat. Hello, may I be too happy you believe? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. You want their Parliament lights? Repeat. You want their Parliament lights? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. These are Parliament lights. Repeat. Is these a Parliament light? At least one Parliament customer. No neither one of those is the Parliament light. Great, you know, is it this one? No, it's not that one. You want it Parliament light? Yes, I want the Parliament lights, please. Is it the other one? No, the Parliament light. Is it the other one? No, no, no, no. No can't you see it's up. Just one Parliament light. No, no, no, no, no. Over there by the dirty magazine. But, you see, listen, laundry head. It's a Parliament light. No, you see, it's right over here. Turn this tape over for language tape number seven. Ordering Chinese food over the phone. I was a Dan Stewart. But the only thing Jerry Williams and I do agree on is Johnny Dark is an asshole. 140, 20 till 2 at WIOD. Here's the Waltman manners, hello. Hi, I'm already out of material. Now you're thinking of group sniping bedwitter in a pansy to play that cart. And I'm going to play it. I'm going to play young. And you get out of here. I'll put you back on hold. Hold this, you idiot. I'm going to play young Neil. You moron, you miscreant, you slime ball have a nice day. And again, four, you're only listening to, right? Hello. Isn't this the guy who was like, got to the office or something? There's nobody on there. So like we're down to three calls now. Okay, that takes care of it. I told you that 930 to 10 is killing our one and two. And I don't even get like any credits for 930. 10 is part of like morning drive. So welcome to the Mike Carrenary rehab guy on a radio. I can't get over it. I was right. No trains to all St. Texas. You're off my bonus and scrub my whole life now. Oh, when a very lovely late assignment to my, how long I do this all night time show two? When she got a pretty, when the thorns program won't pass. But hold her tight. I was more than happy too. To meld is more I'd like to do. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. I want to whisper so even up in the rear. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and more. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. When she returned, she said she was an actress. She showed me an album of pictures of her opening, which he then said to none. She seemed as sweet as she could be. But I had to clear this scene. She was the kind of girl who stole man's hearts. Then right now. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. I want to whisper so even up in the rear. I want to hold her behind. Close doors and more. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. Right now. I'm always in your humor, forget. The dream right down to Austin. Sid dies. With araze beads, and she's shared her tale. But I created my heart to lose peace. Congress everything I have finds. Close eyes. And then you enter. I want to kiss her, but She won't let's make her want to whisper So he's nothing who's in love with you I want to hold her midnight Those doors are closed I want to kiss her back I want to kiss her back She won't let me What's bleeding now I've been picking it so much during that thing 144 At WIOD, here's a mobile and pop-in-o Yeah, Neil Yes sir How come you're always picking in the French Canadian Hey, get a life for your asshole Mike Lyon's hello Hey What do you want? More free publicity Crap me cards you brought over here by the way Mike Those were yours Yeah, like I said Well at least you got one out of them amount of one Yeah, that's true I just wanted to think congratulations on the deal with Miami Beach Yeah That's excellent It was not a deal with Miami Beach It was a deal with the state attorney's office Not with Miami Beach, make that perfectly clear, okay Okay That's excellent I'm glad it worked out But what do you mean it's excellent Why is it excellent? It's not excellent at all That anybody should have to be dragged through a pile of crap And then get on their hands and knees and suck around It's a oh yeah sure I'll do like a why is that excellent? Yeah, you don't you tried next time okay? We'll see how excellent it is for you Mike Get you guys some publicity Okay, I'm sure Mike for a pack's and love that Mike Ah How come you're so speechless all of a sudden Mike? You probably been hanging around with that podcast And over that fat slob Huh? Who sends over a bunch of stuff The yesterday which is sitting in the back of Norm Kent's car Maybe they'll play it on a light bulb That would be an appropriate place for it Wow with an autograph picture of himself How do you like that for a fat puffed up egotistical ass? How do you like that? Since me over his own picture with an autograph Try to suck around because we find out what a real idiot he is All of you there? Yeah, Paul did that Your buddy Paul, you know Mr. She in the morning that dropped like a rock And the last trend that are like dropping like flies Yeah, that's a guy So how's things? Things are going all right Yeah The action is going to be taken over in about a month Yeah, all great man, that's great And the A.M. will go all-landin' thorton And then he'll have the big shopping on the internet Linda Thornton and Joe Johnson 24 hours a day And the classic shopping network bogus stuff I've also got something that you might like How much of those pubic zirconios that he's been holding back Huh? Old Paxon Is he related to Tom Paxon? Mike Roberts He was a folk singer from Wayback Yeah, I believe he is He's from Newark, New York and he's a slime bag Yeah Old buddy bud I've got something from you for you It's a Martin Short Drop I don't like Martin Short I wouldn't put him on the ear, Mike Really? No, I hate Martin Short He makes me sick Makes me nauseous Makes me want a gag I'd rather see Tom Dennerberg No, that's got nothing to do with it He's just a creep I'd rather see Tom Dennerberg than Martin Short And quite frankly, I'd rather be dead And see Tom Dennerberg again So does that give you an idea? Help me Well that's fine, I just want to say How's Pete Bold you doing? Come on, we want to hear some real stuff Boy Gary's in the other room, he wants to hear the real stir What's going on over there? He's doing fine Any four of my changes on the FM? No, nothing Any more format on the AM We're going to have all news all day on it Cheap Round of Clock Florida Network with all those 85 light bulb stations And for them, everything is status quo Everything status quo, that means you all better go down The unemployment line man As soon as they tell you, no changes Everything status quo, trust me That's right, I got to have a big giant economy Size jar of gasoline Mike and handle it with carry And I'm saying Trust me Uh What can you do? I know, give a big kiss to all my buddies Oh yeah, they won't take long Have a great day Mike Mike packs and Mike lions whatever his name is From a Zeta looking sucking around for some free publicity Like they all do like Linda Thornton said man This is the center of the universe And they're all like a bunch of little tiny planets Like Mercury and Uranus Just all circling hovering around Desperate to suck up something The two of WODC Jean-Claude Carpentier and there is already negotiating To build a car racks and here we need it desperately Sir, okay, make sure the money we payments got pictures of the queen on it And I'm not talking about me Palm City Hey, yeah Yes sir I'm going to check out your uh Memory is Palm City, where the hell is that? Yeah, I'll just where you've been right and just bless the store Where's the store? Will I be dang man? I don't live here, I drive it for you Well thank God for you Hey That's week at Collision told you that He racked my brain for weeks See and I was going to support you And the next time I did my stop was going to be one for me Oh yeah, I'll do it lay off of that already Will you sir? It's kind of a Yahoo, it's not even You know, it's just where if you thought it is Yeah, right Let's go to a Bay Harbor's gone Hollywood Hello I mean I know you don't have much to do up there And Palm, maybe that's why they called Palm City Hello Hello, Neil How are you doing? Pretty good. I got a Frenchy store to tell you Frenchy story? Yep, we we But first of all I like to call some of you a douchebag No, do that later All right Why am I going to hang up on you in the middle of the story? No, well, the why would you do that? Just to go a lot of bizarre isn't it? Huh? That last guy man, he just these Yahoo's who think they got a sense of humor out there God give me a break already, will you? Yeah, they they start pretty much God, just so it's so tiresome, it just where is you out? You know what I'm saying? When and out, where it out? Exactly So here's the story I'm sitting at McDonald's on Hollywood Yeah Right next to the Frenchy couple And I go to get some ketchup We And I see them digging on my fries They're what? They're digging on my fries What do you mean they're digging on your fries? They're digging my fries away For why? I don't know, I just went to get some ketchup in the guy to take him away Yeah Well, he's sort of the man So I go there Probably he's Scottish French, can I be a strifty? Well, I go there and they tell him he made you taking my fries Yeah And he goes, no, he's your name McDonald's With that two-spec accent they Oh no! Yeah, what a jackass man, what a geek So I go back to the manager and I tell him the story And he goes, don't worry, man It's just a couple of fries They're here, but they're doing it to me, not to you, right? So then they leave and they leave a bag there So I take the bag They leave a bag of what? They leave a bag there and they come back for the bag And they start talking to me with that two-spec accent again So they're telling me give me my bag, give me my bag And I tell him, hey man, is your name Gigi Penny? I'm not bad Not bad So, I'm... Outstanding He's called the manager and I opened it Maybe it was what? Maybe it was John Claude Penny I don't know But I opened the bag and guess who was in the bag Uh, to jam Nope, all the crap that I'm for you to do Oh Ha ha ha How long did it take you? I worked, how long did it take you to work? Now I know why you wanted to wait till the end of the call We wanted to do it earlier But it was a cool joke though Yeah, it was alright So what do you want to call a douche bag? My friend the rake? Is it an amazing thing that you're still on the air? Yeah Okay My friend the rake is the clumsy drug addict I know Okay Stop dropping the pipe You asshole douche bag Okay Thank you all I know See ya Boys, that level low Man For rick One fifty-five