Oh souvenirs. I have no more things. I have no more things. I have no more things. 10 or 6 at WIOD. I wish we were on TV this morning. I don't mean you guys. If you people could see you, the scene that we got going here. Man, we got like the president is like, there's no clue what that was going on in the world. And Clinton is doing this one. And I was in the Tammy Y net is all been out of shape. And Jeffrey Domer is on trial. He murdered a whole bunch of people. And the cameras man, like they're all sitting in there like the most important thing in the history of the human race, was about to take place. I got a great idea. All I got to do is get up stand on top of this table, undzip my pants and prove to everybody in the other room, you couldn't see it from my two feet. Get those telescopic lenses going man. You could have them out of Palomar telescope in there and you still couldn't see it. Anyway, I got a lot of people out of what I get mushier because I would like to spoil the image. But there were some people yesterday who really were just magnificent, not the least of which the management of the station from the very top all the way down to the very bottom. Who's on the ball like boy Gary on the very bottom and everybody in between. And they're just tremendously supportive and I appreciate that. And quite frankly, all of this is much to do about nothing. Okay. I want to make very clear. Okay. Read my lips. I can't talk about this specifics of what happened in any way. She performed because of the way our legal system works. Norm can't just told me that. Management is told me that and that's the way it is. Okay. So I know that's frustrating to me because I'd like to come on here and tell you what a bunch of crampad is which it all is. But I'm not going to be able to do that in specifics. But, and of course there are people in the media who just refuse to take no for an answer. I understand that you guys try to do your job. But when you tell people, hey, chances, cuts, it can't talk about it. Speaking of these ways, I mean, you understand what those words mean. You cannot do it because that's the way our legal system works. If I did then I started going into a big thing about what happened or did not happen in the cases. Right away, we're going to have people wanting a transcript of the tapes and they're going to want this. They're going to want that. And we just aren't going to get into all of that because it's not the way you go through the court proceeding. But anyway, Chuck Meyer, I have to tell you. And I'm not saying this to be a flower because that's not my style. Chuck Meyer is probably one of the most incredible people I've ever worked with in 30 some years in this business. One of the most talented people and for anybody, anybody to have to come in here and do they show yesterday and under those kind of circumstances and do the job that he did. I just can't pass enough full case along with Chuck Meyer. Still have differences of opinion and a lot of things like the thing with the Kathy Willard's List. You know, we have our because we're human beings and we have honest differences of opinion. But in terms of the job he did yesterday was magnificent and I thank him for all his kindness and these incredible guy. A little fact, but a good guy. Also speaking of a little fact, Craig Warden came down yesterday to my house. I'm going to come back after the break. I'm going to tell you about a scene that went on in plantation makers yesterday that you would not believe. You wouldn't believe. You know, I'm not going to sit here and attack the media because there are those people who've attacked me in the last 24 hours. As you expect, I mean, that comes to no surprise to me. I sit here and rip. They rip back. Like in a godfather. He says they had Bruno to tell me a three o'clock this morning. They hit us. We hit him back. But I'm being like that. So I'm in a position now where I'm in, you know, where it's very easy to have me as a target. And those people who hate me like poised their figure, what goes around, Tom Durant, all I kind of saw he's stuff. It's a great opportunity. I have no problem with that. But when you come to my neighborhood, when you're pounding on the door, my dogs have learned jettis this morning from all the barking that they did yesterday. But anyway, Craig Warden who's a super friend came down. We went up to Pomp and O' Park last night. Actually, one of few bugs at a great time. That rich was there. I had two big fat body guards. What more can anybody ask for? And actually was able to have a couple of races have a good time and get home without to being molested or assaulted. Ten minutes after ten at WIOD, I'm telling you one thing. If I got as many calls on this show every day as I did at my house yesterday, we have a 90 share. Okay, I mean, it was just incredible. And I thank everybody who called. I don't want to start singing now because if I did that, I just will leave some people out. Ten past ten WIOD have waited till the last minute, but you've still got a little bit of time left. Today, we have done it. We have been deaf before. We're gonna sing it on the floor, but it's a little bit more stiffer. I'm gonna sing it on the floor. I love my friend. I love my friend. When I feel down, I want to kiss you. If the air here might come, it's all kind of feeling. I'll kiss my friend. I love my friend. I love my friend. I love my friend. I love my friend. I love my friend. Everybody. I mean, I'm in touch with you. I'm so good. I'm just not a girl in your pocket. You're in the capital. You're a good person. You're a good person. I'm a good person. I'm a good person. I turn around and I'm a couple. I'm a lot of them. They say, do we have any good blinds? I'm close to my eye. I'm just getting through. I'm not doing my side. But I'm feeling you. And you can't see. I'm a guy at door. And if there are many, If I go in for it, I'm a good person. I do you have any kind. And if I go in for it, I'm just not a man. No. I mean, I just don't. Everybody. I want to go my hands. I'm just a man. I'm just a man. I'm just a man. I'm just a man. I'm like a media person. With what I'm on the side. I'm just for him as well. I'm just for him as well. Said to say, I don't know how well known it is. Because I was on the way home from the track. I left after about six or seven races last night at Pompatau Park. And I'm listening to Hank Shull. And all of a sudden Scotty Mack is on here just babbling in coherently for about 10, 15 minutes. And I'm saying to Craig, I'm saying, What is going on here? There's got to be something desperately wrong. And then I read in the hero this morning. Or in the sun, I guess, Or is that Hank, What home sick last night that he said, He, I'll tell me about a condition he's got. We're at the track about him on the go and his heart starts being real slow. And I don't know exactly what they call a conditioner, what causes it. But anyway, Evidently he had one of these spells on the air last night at one home early. And we just want everybody to know that he's home resting OK. And I don't know if he's going to be on the air tonight or not. We'll find out for it. Anyway, it's 10, 15 and WIOD. The good news are Camillo's house total. It's really incredible that you have to get busted to get some people off their ass to donate to the homeless is that incredible? Man, we could probably do a quarter of a million if I went out and killed a couple of these reporters today. I'm not bad. Maybe a half a million. But seriously, we're up to $119,000. $137.33. When I was last year on Wednesday, we had 115 in change. I think that's what it was. So that means we're like almost $4,000 more than we had on Wednesday. And this is the last official day of our campaign. So I was hoping we'd get to 120, which is a nice round figure. That would be incredible. Unbelievable. And a year when everybody's broke and all the charities are crying to blues and nobody has raised and anywhere near the money that they have in previous years. And you folks have really come through for the homeless and from the most house. So if that's what it takes, I guess maybe that almost made it worth and we are $870, $3 a way. They're about from 120,000. We sure can do that today. Right? George is going to write that out of himself. $3.75. $0.75. $3.75. $7.63. Call in charge of your donation on your visa. Mass to card and get one of the best in the LCDs or cassettes or any of our good crap. Okay. Getting back to what are you there? I'm there. And if I don't want to leave you a hang-in too long. I don't know your ponytail ways too much. Well really, like what's new Neil? I don't know. As somebody said, heard any good jokes lately? It's really, really good. I know the beach pretty well. I do a lot up there. So that place has been rated quite a few times. A different thing. So it's not exactly the best place to go by what the hell. But I know like someone else said, The leeway likes the publicity. Leeway? Oh, he loves the publicity. Like someone who's under cover caps, nobody they hear me do a pig report on your program. So might be listening to you. Really? Oh yeah. One of the caps, the one that cover caps came up to me once over at City Hall and my beach City Hall said, I hear you doing those pig report that Neil showed. He loves his show. I don't know man. There's strange breed over there. Well you know that I can't say anything about anything. Yeah, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I like to say a lot to you about a lot of things here. Yeah. Anyway, I know to win out. Without plugging in my clients, I want you to know that there's a day. We're all the weird way to plug the fewer clients. And I know my 10 year old daughter who's here, she says it was stupid. So, you know, you have the full support of everybody and really Neil. Anything we get ever to do, you just let it stop. Thank you, Woody, and listen. Get a haircut. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Ten 18 to WID. What a gravor who just continues to being chronic and will not go away. Anyway, I have absolutely no problem with the media coverage of what's happened in the last 24 hours, whatever it's been. I have no problem with that. And the last night at five o'clock, just before I left for the track, I thought I actually thought Rick Sanchez was going to break into tears at one point on the channel seven news. I mean, I have seldom seen such an emotional outpouring. It was incredible. And the tremendous work I do for Camillo, so I'm serious. I thought he was going to have go into like spazons and start crying and squatting on top of the news desk and just go crazy. Rick, just keep in mind. It's business. It's not personal. Okay. You might be a wonderful guy. I doubt it. I'm not a great guy. But it's a business, not personal. But then there's another aspect of the whole thing. And this is, you know, I don't want to go crazy on it or really should. And I also do want to thank as long as I'm thanking people, the plantation police. 90% of maybe 95% who are really super folks and have been very nice to me. I've lived in plantation for about five or six years now and they are great. And I had a call on them yesterday to break up a circus that we developing in my neighborhood in front of my house. I was called yesterday after the news broke at home as I expected. All of a where they got the phone number out a little bit lary. But I was called by just about everybody in the local media. And they asked, could, you know, do you have any comment? I told them and don't can't hold me. I can't make any comment whatsoever. I hope you understand then. I said, I know you're all trying to do your job. I was courteous to all these people. But I said, I can't talk. I'm not going to tell you anything. And then there were those individuals. I'm not going to mention a names Rick. Who said, well, you know, we got to come up there. And your house does have nice said look. If you want to come all the way up here and slip up here, the acres is beautiful. I have a nice modest townstead. There are two beautiful corvettes in the driveway. The dogs will bark like crazy. They're not vicious. And that's it. You're just going to waste your time. Low and behold about 11 30, a white Chevy with a camera man from Channel 4. I assume it was. I was parked out there across the street. He was there for six hours. Six hours. But I had no problem with that because I'm in the house. The blinds are shot. The dogs are doing a number on the floor. Everybody's happy. Craig comes over. Breeze me a sandwich. No problem. But as they were on more and more of these people started filtering into the neighborhood. Again, not a big problem with that. I'll have to be in the convenience to the neighbors. But then it starts. On the front door. Not knocking on the door. Like you would if you went to visit a friend or a neighbor. But like, come on. Get out. You're holding up in there. That was the line that I loved the best. Rodgers today is hold up over behind those trees. He's hold up in his house. Like I'm supposed to be. I do it a Kizatsky in the middle of the van. Culver's back out there. What would they have liked me to do? But I've like whipped it out in the middle of the neighborhood. Then they would have known for sure was all about your crab. What is it that I was supposed to have been doing while I was Hold up. Like I was had a hostage in the house there. Okay. Like they do with these with these mass murderers. Or like in their last days before they throw in the stink bombs and they smoke Come out. He's holding up in the house there and won't come out. Okay. And of course, every time they go like the dogs are screaming and yelling and Keep in mind, I had had two hours of sleep. I got home by four o'clock after a beautiful evening in a big county jail. I get home at four o'clock in the morning. And the phone's serving at six o'clock in the morning. I thought I'd get up around seven and call business six in the morning. It was already out. Okay. Because good news travels fast among close friends. And so I'd head about two hours sleep. And I'm hoping I'm praying that I can just lie there and not off. And the TV is on in the back and it's. So I had to call the plantation police and they'll again, Thanks profusely to them because they came by and cleared some of these assholes Out of my neighborhood. And again, the thing with the media, I just don't know what it is that you People have lost perspective on. I know you're under a lot of pressure to get to juicy, Starry and to get to exclusive and get to school. But as far as just not only invading on privacy, but invading on people's ability to just have a little piece and just relax and get a couple of hours of Shut-eye or whatever. It's just absolutely uncalled for an unnecessary and unacceptable and Grotesque and gruesome and apiocranth. 1022 at WI with these speaking of. The thing that's happening. No thing that's happening. And La Punta. Coming. This Christmas from Bogots Industries. It's the eye can drive like Rick Sanchez. For me. It's a real-life actually adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board. Start begins with a sensation from a young, easy baby. Where each concerned has to drink himself to a living. And we're getting the highest blood out the whole level first. Those odds are level maybe two. They run down for death, and the whole had home section of the game. They're the 4-game police bastards. And where the 4-game police are going to get to the bottom. They get his life to them. There is also the final leg of the board game. Higher an inch of stolen court. And whoever gets off with the E.D. That is win. And our good fought for the whole family. The eye can drive like Rick Sanchez for game. 1028. By the way, Paul, I'm sure you're listening this morning over here. She has a lot of facks about you. They all basically say you're an asshole. I don't know what you said, but must have been bad. Paul, put you up. Anyway, look at this a card from the staff here. All these people who have many of whom haven't said boot of me in months. But who are desperate for the next three meals that come in. And I think they're infreusely one of the outpouring of emotion and cramp. Okay, 28 past 10 and let's take your calls. And just again, I want to keep in mind. You can say whatever it has you on. I am not going to sit here and preside over being sucked into the same things that I can't. Because I just can't do it. So I hope you understand that and if you don't, that's your problem. North Miami. Hello. And by your bill. Yeah. Yeah. I'm supporting you. Not a penalty. Not a supporter. Not a one. Please think that the freedom is there. That's fine. It's like a trial. That was the opponent's helmet. Mitch Lewis. Oh, terrific. You're going back is here by me. Yeah. Can you? Okay. As they push more than to the, uh, as they push more than to the, uh, not the good border. Well, not the good. Yeah. So the money and the good. They how I'm holding it working on it. You're definitely not going to make mid day on this stage. Yeah. My mother says, why does your hate buffalo? Yeah. It's not buffalo. Buffalo. What's not making you up? Buffalo. Not buffalo. What time are you on? What time are you on? And. I'm not really. It's still Marshall. Listen, that it's still Marshall. Name a Terry. Now, come on, Bill. I'm not in pain. I swear to you, you have that same squeaky and laying. Great. Right. You're voice. But I'm not. Hey, Harry, listen. Have a great life. 10 29 and W.I. would be an open line in day. 7 519 463. D'Around. Neil. Yes. First of all, I want to say that support you. Well, thank you so much. It's, uh, definitely another proof of what you've been saying on a long. That's, uh, people are getting on a hand. It's out there. It's, uh, like I told, uh, Chuck yesterday, how you know, I would like to have the transcript yesterday around that time of 911 and, you know, calls to the Miami Beach Police Department. See what the hell was going on when this two officers were enforcing, you know, whatever law that is. And, uh, I'm pretty sure there's be a lot of people right now in my speech that will be pretty upset who probably got their car with them. Uh, uh, a wife got beat up, uh, some kids got molested or beat up by some, some junk guy or whatever. And this two foreign officers were out there, uh, you know, getting their rocks up, you know, in some other place. And in reference to all these other people who, you know, fortunately, had the, I can call that privilege to watch on TV, like Mr. Castro Nova and Mr. He go at the lightball, etc. It's pathetic how the people are just searching to, uh, make something. Uh, I leave, try to gain some points up for somebody else's supposedly, uh, uh, crawlers. Yeah. I mean, it's interesting to me. I didn't turn on much of anything. I did listen to a lot of Chuck show yesterday because he did a great job and he's a real pro. But I didn't watch or listen to much of anything, go about five or five or five or five when I started watching the newscast. So, but I didn't have a lot of people calling me telling me some of the stuff that was going on, especially at the lightball. But none of that comes as any shock. I mean, they, you know, obviously work competitors and they've got their 0.3 or 0.5 during the day, 10, whatever they got. And they're, you know, trying to suck on and lie to shot of this, like they've done with anything and everything that I've done over the years, whether it's good, bad, sensational, embarrassing, whatever it might be. And so, you know, nothing would surprise me in terms of their attempt to exploit it and capitalize and jump on the bandwagon. But when you cancel all of the guests, which is what I was so happened, who was scheduled to be on so that you can make almost a 24 hour marathon of less bashing meal and, you know, jump in on this, then it's really a sign of serious aspiration. I think. And also, I do want to say that, you know, again, the TV coverage that I saw, I thought we'd spare all of my last name is Be Hull for, and I wish they pronounced it right at funny, big secret. But when you consider that at five or six o'clock, channel seven did seven minutes, I think it was at six. Seven and a half minutes on this, with the teen coverage and with the Sally, I thought was going to hop out of the chair. She must have had some extra batteries. And then we get 20 seconds on Jeffrey Dahmer. I mean, here's the guy, the trowster to these killed and eight, like all of these people, okay? I get seven and a half minutes and he gets 20 seconds. You're right. So I feel like you're really big guy although quite frankly, you'd be surprised. I got a couple of the sets in the house and I had them two and everybody was, you know, channel four did it for, you know, a few minutes and, you know, all the other channels. Remember live, I look at them only for a few minutes. I saw channel seven and everybody has just not talking about Dahmer and, you know, what it's going on over there. And this people are so caring, not interviewing people in the middle of the street. But personally, I thought they were really weirdos. You know, because I mean, I don't know where they went to, but those guys were really weird. But anyway, it just goes to show what you've been saying is, you know, through all the long and that I say this much, you have a lot of people that are behind you and when it's all gets, when the light comes out, I'm pretty sure that you're going to say your part of the story. I sure am. Basically, you know, it just feels, you know, way, I think the public should know that when you go to Miami Beach, believe me, you know, it's moved everybody should move in there right now because it's low crime. There's nothing else going on. Right, city. So, you know, it's safe in there. The matter of fact, they have to go after section one, 803.5. Something like that. Yeah. Right away, Neil. Have a great day and hey, care, listen. And now for your fellow, can you see later? 1033 at W.I.D. We have an open line of day, 7519463. Hollywood. Okay, good call. I must have been from the Hollywood Vice. Here's a lady in my new spring. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Welcome back. Hey, do I? And I guess I would say, so it's said I wouldn't need about 10, nearly burgers. Really? No, no, no. I don't tell you how many of you are yesterday, by the way. He said, this, but things don't work out. You can come in any, nearly burgers the rest of your life. Hey, it's a great guy. And I said, that would be like about a week and a half length. I just want to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, so that I don't want to tell you, I'm going to tell you, so that you will come in a Saturday Saturday about a week and a half length. I just a joke, Wayne. And on top of that, maybe it's a money beach. Please probably should be good for them. But it's something you don't have back. Thank you, dear. Have a nice life. 1034 West Palm Beach. Hello. And, and look at the ratings you're going to get out of this anyway. Yeah, I know it seems every, in fact, they're actually Disney was telling me their people called him said, is this a stunt? Is this a publicity stunt? Well, you know, you made the front page of the Palm Beach Post. Really, the front page? Much paid. Of course, that's a costume's paper, so it's probably in house propaganda. Outrage. It's got a much time in every day. About time they give me a little public radio. A Neil Roger faces indescent exposure charge. Ooh. Ooh, old print. Yeah, tell them I suppose this. Yeah, well, you know, today when you go to the back, you're at the bathroom and you're standing at the urinal. Don't expose yourself because you never know who's going to be standing. Don't shake one time too often. I heard somebody say, I'll say that to Chuck yesterday. I think that was probably the best instructional call of the day. Do not shake it one time too many because you may be shaking and quaking in your boots. You never know. Have a great life. Hey, you too. Yeah. 1035 out of town line is open 1-800-944-WI-OD. We all know it's really tough to find it. Auto mechanic. You can really trust somebody who would great job the first time. Charge your fair price. No rip off. And repair your moral hero is exactly the guy that you're searching for. He's been doing it for people since 1978. Over to advanced automotive. And that's the reason he gets so many referrals. And right now he's offering you these incredible specials that you can. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. I'm so mad. Oh, can't B Members do you? Where are you take it now? No one can chain the entire world. You, there's nothing to hand along the road without Blue D vaanD. They wouldn't really be in your favor journal. And never ever did he steal? Where are you hiding my boy? You proud of my trail and you can't my trail. Your career is through. I've been in your dreams where you've been. But I've got concern if you're here. Yeah, you're way nicer. Yeah, that's fine. And you will be very good. And 40, 20, 20, 11, and WI would be who's that on the battle? I'm Boca Brian. Hi, Neil. How you doing, Boca? I think you know I pledge my support to you. I pledge my allegiance to my fact. I was watching Channel 7 last night. Are they hyperventilating still over there? Well, they were, they just slapped that stuff together. They are slapping at it, 7. That's the rumor. Yeah, they had it. When I came to work this morning, I come to the back door and there's a camera guide back there with his pants on zip is going crazy. I couldn't believe it. Was that Rick? No, much better looking in Rick. Well, they showed Mike Disney doing that. Well, press conference up there. Talk about hyperventilating. I thought he was going to pass out. He admitted to me this morning that when the camera's terrible and he just loses it. And I thought he was going to pass right out right out in front of the building. That would have been good. It had to pair of medics. We could have probably got another 90 seconds out of it. Well, he was weaving back and forth and bobbing up and down. So you mean Disney? I thought you talked about something else. Oh, no. And then on the caption on the channel 7 news, they put under Disney. A lyrics. I told him he only wishes he had Lee Roy's money. Believe me. I know. I mean, he apologized for it. Yeah. And I listened to what does mean King last night? Yeah, we have that on tape. I'm going to play that. And he actually comes to my end. Another amazing development comes to an impact in defense. And he's going to be on with Chuck tomorrow. It's the world's heroin class that's going to be in town with Chuck. But of course, you notice if you heard the whole call, the professors would just think about having taken an ears and he came out. He's a homosexual and he came out on my show. And last time I saw him, he would 400 pounds. He always had to practice it with that stuff. And about how I rip him all the time. He doesn't know why. Larry, the reason I rip you all the time is because you're a butt kissing fool. That's why. Okay. The other stands. But thanks so much for your wonderful defense. Okay. All right. See you, Brian. Okay. Let's do a four-later nail. Hello. Okay. Nice talking to you. Open park. Ooh. Two-and-a-roll. Four-later nail on the starline. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you there? I'm here. I'm sorry. I just want to know a role of people with support you, that you know about their thousands of more out here than support you too. And I want to say something about that station and the 1400 on your dial. What is that? Well, they are the three of the people of the world, but I will say one thing if I might. Yeah. One fellow on that entire program who seemed not to want to do anything to hurt you was Al-Ran-Cel. He's pulled away from everything that they said and I give him credit for that. But I will tell you they are absolutely the comeback to the end. Well, what can I tell you? Well, thanks so much. Be sure to tell. Well, thanks for it, sir. Well, I'll tell you. Well, thanks. Well, thanks. 1042 and WIOD. I think you know, Al has a tendency of times to be sucked in by certain egotistical assholes over there to some of the diaphragm that go on. But I think basically when push comes to shove because of his own personal experiences, he knows what it's like to be abused and haunted and have to, you know, live in the closet and have the skeletons rattling around all of that. 1043 and WIOD. Hi, Alia. Hey, where does the end? And back at you, sir. Happy back on the. Thank you very much. Happy that long vacation. Yeah, I'm sure. Well, I could think when you're in jail, it's, I think, whatever. Actually, it wasn't that bad because thank goodness it was a real slow night. And because if you go in on the night when, you know, everybody doing the full motors out, I mean, you didn't be in there for hours and hours and hours. And they throw you in these, you know, they throw you in the cell with all these wonderful slambles and degenerate and hack by murderers and people kind of like tinkling all over the floor and it's not the most savory environment in the world. They make, they take their time, the process, you and they look at you. And they look at you, you know, a child's, they showed your rest picture. I mean, you look, you look like a view. I look like I had my finger stuck in electric socket. Like if you look funny, it's in the goes, I won't tell you who's 20 right. You're I mean, that's how built he would got it. I think this guy just figured it out. I could. Where is his mug shot? And, but then, but then, channel, channel four showed you leaving your house. You were all back there getting in a black bed. You looked great. Yeah, it was going to the track. Yeah, you looked, I mean, you looked at your color back. And my color back. Yeah, you know. What did I lose my color? Well, it was a black and white picture. But they knew our studio. You got your color back. I don't give it. You looked, you look pretty pale. I don't know. Oh, you ain't in that mud shot. Yeah. Yeah, well, of course. I mean, first of all, it's to take off your glasses. And then they sell like three feet away from you and pop that. Flying 100,000 in your eye all that, you know. Yeah. It's kind of like a preview before like when they put you in the chair, and they do the same thing. It's the same kind of effect. They shot flowers. And then they, then they's up you. Yeah. And you bet. I just like to voice my support along with all your other fans and our best of luck, and we're behind you all the way. Thanks. OK, no. Yeah. And 44, Wild, an open line of day at 75-146-3. South Miami, hello. Hey. How are you doing, Neil? I'm doing great. Hey, look, I used to listen to you when you were on Zeta. Yeah. And I thought you were a funny guy. But there are three types of people in Earth that most Joe Bag hello in our Stone Light. Number one is lawyers right? Yeah. Number two's car salesman. Right. number three media people. Is that true? Well, I mean, there are probably some others like Docs and lawyers and things like that. Well, I mentioned lawyer. You mentioned lawyers. Yeah. But you have to imagine, though, that, I mean, you know, you've been, you've got to constantly ditched out of people. Right. Oh, I have no problem with that. I already said that they can rip, they can tear, they can shred, they can do it. I have no problem with that at all. I just want people at my house disrupting my life and pounding out of door and getting my dog's crazy and not letting me get somewhere. That goes beyond. But they say on the air, just like here, this is a radio show. Okay? So what they want to do? I mean, if you dish it out, you expect to get it back. And if they don't get it back, then there are a bunch of whistles. That's all. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. But I can't believe that you'd be on the radio calling a math hole. Oh, I guess it would be a method to pound it on your door and middle of the day. How would you like it? How would you like it under any circumstances? Let's say, let's say you're at home, you've got an important job and you're at home under a very bizarre circumstances. Nobody knows why. And the media is crying and they're calling and what's the deal? Are you fired? And you try to tell them whatever you can. And all of a sudden, they're not satisfied with what you tell them on the phone. They come into your neighborhood and they start pounding and banging on the door like you're an axe murder and you've got hotstages in there. Would you appreciate that? No, that problem. It's just, it's not only I'm called for it's unacceptable. It is totally unacceptable. And if it persists them in a neighborhood by the way, the plantation police will come and beat the crap out all these guys. So most of them are pretty small anyway. Yeah. Well, listen, I wish you best of luck. Thank you. In your case. And have a nice day. Can't have a great life. All right. 1047 at WID. We have an open line of day 75, one nine four six three, a lady and baby. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Better than you, I think. I'm doing great. Well, I've been, I told Al, yesterday are check yesterday that I've been sick for three weeks. But I've never been sick as I was just today when I listened to Steve Cain and all these other jerk off on the media, black and media. Really, but what I said to him yesterday was my boyfriend went into the bathroom. They're a Robbie Stadium and he came back out last night crazy. And that this is a real port of like going in there watching the guys take a leak because they all had their pants down around their ankles. Look at it. Well, you got on this. No, we do a ballgame. I mean, you got that jack mentality. This is the big thing in the locker room is comparing genital size and saying, who's, you know, who the real men are and who the real, whims are. Right. It's all about the maybe, maybe what we need to do is get the metro police over there and have a, you know, potty train, you know, these guys. So, teach him how to get into the bathroom. Maybe that's what they need to get to. Yeah, I think there's anything like over two shakes at the urinals, probably like five years of shake for like up to five and anything after that is probably life. Is it really? I think so. Why said, Tom, you shake this? What about women? Did I ever go in and ask the women if they have a hand sign of pants? It means maybe theaters. Did I ever do that? If the women have their hands in their pants? Yeah. I mean, you know, there's female masturbation too. Right. You know, did they go and look for women? Well, not sure. I'm sure they'd like to probe it and find out. I thought it was really worth it. They won't catch me. They did not remove me, did or anyway. Anyway, we do get a K-West once in a while. We don't get to hear you down there. But we do go. We sent a postcard from there. We do support you. We love you. Thank you, public. Good work. Thanks. The Miller South and everything. We think you're great. Have a great day. Okay. Bye. Bye. I'm speaking to Kamilusau's house. He and pop tour a little weasely hidden here a little while ago and said that the phones are ringing off the hook over there. So we're very close to 129. I don't want to tell you how close did they know stuff? Colin. 375, 0763. They got the best in the ill cassettes, best in the ill CDs, all those great teachers for renery, rages, rick and suds and goldberg, moaning over Miami and who really appreciate your help and they needed desperately. 375, 0763. Speaking of making a few bucks, go out to Gulf Stream this weekend. You know, now it's going to be that time of the year. Hey, it's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rock. What is it, Halsey? You look like you're bubbling over with information. What is it? Thank you. John Hamburg, one of the great Americans in the history of the human race, one of my favorite people, just doing out pledge $200 to come all the time. Thank you, John. And John said if I give us a visit for some really big you might go to up to 500. How do you like that? And thanks to Barbara Sloan who is as long as we're talking about six, one of these sweetest, nicest, most incredible people she called me yesterday and I didn't realize at the time, she said this is the first time we've ever spoken, which I can't get over because I mean I feel like I know her and she sent me plans and I've sent her autograph pictures and we've kind of like, uh, done it back and forth so to speak over the phone and whatever. But thank you Barbara and John your great Americans. 1053, a WIOG, P. R. Neil, what's up? I had expressions here bad expression by author author, that's the bad joke. Just wanted to let you in to support from Brian. And this is the helping hand from P. R. You got it and I accidentally caught Rick's pants as about one 30 in the morning and it was shocking. It's a good thing you were held up at your house and be ashamed to be tried to squat on here. He was just emotional and he got so seraphated so just died never realized he cared for me that much. And there's anything there. You know what I'm saying? I honor boy. Because they say that love and hate is that fine line, it gets re-opplosed. Well he tends to cross the line. But here goes process. Anyway, I just wanted to call and let him support like I said and I'd like to call my housekeeper, do you spag if I may? Okay. Joe, you're a douchebag. Great job, sir. Thank you. Good luck. Okay. Thank you. 1054, WIOG. We have an open line of day, 7519463 lots of faches coming in all of them nice. How about a little hate? Now we don't need any hate. Let's have a real surpy just a gushing outpouring of emotion and love and kindness and suck it around. Here's a lady in Palm Springs. Hi. Hi. I just wanted to call and also offer support. Thank you. And I think that everybody that supports you sends cross-mulless house with one dollar donation. They're going to have more money than they have in the ally. You might be great. It would be wonderful. I mean, everybody that I know loves you. I know millions of people who listen to you. $1.00 and you've got it named $120,000. We'll be left in the dark. Right. And I just wanted to say that I think the trouble is they will pay to you. They have nothing better to do those things. And they should leave you alone and take care of the people who are really breaking the law. Yeah. It's really sad. It is sad. They have to go out of their way. What people do and they're out there and they left alone. That's what they're there for those there. Whether or assume assuming they were doing what they were doing what they say. When the entire story does come out, it's just going to bother your mind. It's just astonishing. It's just amazing. I don't believe a word of the fact that my opinion, I think they're not saying what can you be a year. That's the bottom line here. It's far underway to catch you. Okay. Okay. You have a great weekend. You two take our love. We all love you. Thanks. All right. Bye. 1055 and WI would be open line out of town, Palm Beach wherever 1-800-944-WIOD. Dear field. Yeah. Me only. I'm glad to hear you sound so what deep and this is so deal. That'll be up here. You know, I thought listen to you for more and nothing got enough to remote to know that you would need them. I know you can't comment on it. But you would need a mile and a piece here to cover your private parts. You could hide it with a mile and stop to your left. Were they a symbol? Yeah. They call me some Molina for sure. They do well. We've been somebody say you were pulling a start. I think it was some. Okay. Well, you know, the on the day and there you're probably one of the most unique and gifted persons we have and so far. We need to keep you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 1056 to WIOD. It opened line and brought 5-2-4-946. I am going to play that Larry King thing when we come back after news. It's just a couple of minutes. And it is astonishing and shocking that Larry is such a tremendous humanitarian, great defender of people's individual liberties on me. So, I'll be sure to do that. Also, thanks to the family of you by the way who will put up a big thing. Am I birthday in anniversary every year? She puts up on her gate. These big yes, she's got one of those computer generated hand sign things. And this time, she's got a big sign. I think she did this one by hand if I can say that. So, we love you. Now, she always puts my real name instead of Neil because she doesn't want to let everybody in neighborhood know who I am. As if they don't already. But thank you, Van Lidie. You're amazing. And stop picking on Chad. And by the way, when I drove by the way, the track last night, Chad ran back in that garage like an axe murderer was coming. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hi Neil. How you doing? All right. I wanted to tell you two things by the time, Channel 7. First of, Sally compared it to P. We, so I wanted to know what time it goes in the end. Saturday. Yeah, I'm taking over that show. P. We, it's P. We's playhouse for adults. I know what, if you're exactly the same, then you must have a T. We show somewhere, right? Right. And you do. Well, I'll tell you after the performance in here by the media, if they should have enough footage now to carry like at least like a 13 week series anyway. All right. Thank you. Every single week you should have the secret word. They said they said it would be a mini series. I think they're trying to put me on. All right. But the other thing was, my favorite part of the whole channel, seven newscast was reported from Channel 7. I can't think of her name. Who had all the candy bars? Did you? I was cute. I thought. I thought you were going to hang on. I thought you were going to hang on. Well, yeah, but you see, seriously, what that did is it pointed up how ridiculous that whole thing was with the FCC with that candy bar thing. Was ridiculous? It was not meant or anything. And the candy bar all the time. But good luck to me all thanks. Thank you. How do I want? 1058 to WIOD and open line in the Brown five two four. And the out of town line is vacant as quiet. Isn't that amazing? See, I should have been here yesterday. Chuck, I should have exploited his melted promise worth 1,800, 944, WIOD for Waterdale on a starline. Hey, how you doing? Okay. What do you want? Bonnie and Mike and Sarah in front. We're all for you. And cops lie all the time. I deal with them every day. When I go to court, they will lie throughout your throughout this. If you can kill on it. And the other thing is let's get to what's really important. Who killed Gene and will fletcher ever get laid? Exactly. And the last part, I think the answer is absolutely not. Probably not. Not a piece of counting on the net. They come at at least to get rid of the frosted here anyway. And you'll be pleased to know that in the midst of all of this, I did not miss guiding like yesterday. Okay. Well, I never never have for 10 years and keep up the good news. And send the Eric back to a Yugoslavia wherever he belongs. Can't play the piano worth a minute. Yeah, for example. And he's using fletcher's old hats to by the way. Have a great weekend. Boy boy. Well, as an that's going to kill the first hours. There's an open line in the storyline. It's star I OD. And also, you know, if long we're going to get seriously and thank everybody that the audience has been tremendously supportive and wonderful and positive and sucked around almost as a part of, uh, I'm not just this, but I do appreciate that there are a lot of super people out there. And we don't always hear from them because they got nothing to say. And we're not in the category of some of the chronics, but you've been great. And I do appreciate it. Anyway, Rick and Spud Rick Riley did call me at home yesterday and said, man, you get more publicity than in one day than we get in our whole lifetime. How do you do it? So he's out of the pussycat right now up the street will be getting the film at noon. Anyways, sports top with old number 88. Spide of all of these Wimpy images, man. We continue with that macho sports stuff on his station. There's no stoppin us. Jim and this is going to analyze all the 5 year old football players for you out there. Hank, we hope will be back tonight at any rate to get the Olympic gold medal skaters, Ketterina Wit and Brian Botano. He did talk with Hank. Two ice. This is the meal Rogers show. The good intention talk with meal dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward is 524WIOD. Outside the real 5 airy field, so free 1-800-944WIOD. And those out mobility customers make a free call by Diley Star IOD, the only company that has any of them expressed by the guest host or callers and not necessarily those of this station. Now here's meal Rogers on news. Ray Yo, 610 WIOD. Thanks, Mary. It's open for all the Americas Miami Beach show. Larry, I don't know if you heard Miami Beach WIOD radio personality new Rogers was arrested for allegedly exposing his sexual parts. And one of you had heard the story about your former colleague and what your reaction was. And then what to do with that? I never worked. Is that true or you put it on? That's true. I never worked with me. He was always at another station I haven't seen him. It was apparently a 15 years and what happened once was the night meal came out of the closet. Meals of broadcasts who was a midterhome sexual here. The first in the United States having to do that is that I had head on on my show. He worked in another station. He worked at WKT. And I was on IOD with Sergeant Matt Lovick, Slymer and Matt Lovick. She's so suddenly died for the AIDS. And Matt Lovick said night on my show call on everybody who was, oh, who was gay to come out of the possibility. He just said that was the way to do it. Come out and we'll end this all this tragedy because on America. And then actually the ilk came out called me to say that he had heard Matt Lovick and that was the thing that prompted him to do that. And then I haven't seen him in 15 years. I know that he's he attacks me a lot but I have no idea why. I don't know him. I mean I I might not know him. I wouldn't recognize him on the street. I haven't seen him in 15 years. Last time I saw him we weighed like 400 pounds. And I I'm sorry to hear that. What did they charge him with? Well, it's I guess a form of a decent exposure but apparently it may have been a setup so what do you mean setup? Well, it seems like the police may have set him up to he was in the state or he doesn't deny this but it's possible they have targeted him because he's critical of the police down here. Yeah, but he can't force him. He's supposed to. Oh, but they may have charged him, you know, not for doing something that he didn't do. Oh, he's denying it. Yes. Oh, I see. Oh, what's the station doing? There's supporting him all the way. So, and sorry, his listeners and fans, which they had a show today. Everybody called in and supported him. There were some people at Voice The Pins against him. A lot of the advertisers supported him. The station is and he'll be on the air back this morning. What police have gone to arrest him? Man, we bitch. Well, what was in a movie theater? Yeah. I'm a bit of a homosexual movie theater. I was, it's I don't know it's called the gayity theater. I think it's in the doll theater. The police report says he was watching a hit or a sexual movie. And then they do it that. Okay, I have no comment on it and I believe in indiscents presumed innocence and the man is indiscents to prove him dope. I've a solid decision for not taking more fee. It shouldn't take a person up here until guilt is proven. And I hope the justice system prevails. I don't think that's a crime, by the way. And I don't think it was a crime in the case of a few heharmun. And I don't think it's a crime in a case if that's what he did. And certainly because he didn't do it, we respect that. I believe in innocence soon until proven guilty. And I salute W. W. W. I'll be in Miami over the weekend. I think I'm going to be on W. I'll be tomorrow. Long be first to you. Lebanon. No. No. Just. That's what I'm very cut to crap. I'll paint up for you time on this show. He'll be on with Chuck tomorrow. I'll wake up magazine from the rough air being classed on Kibis King. Now I'm at a chapter 11 at W. I. D. North Miami Beach. Hello. Long gone. South Miami. Yeah, thank for some new news on the pictures. I mean the news at 7.30. Yeah. So we can hear you know, I was sick of the candy getting shot. Yeah, we need a little bit of a diversion or something new that's got to come along. I was getting pretty still. You know, John Murray and his suit sets and the new. I mean it's good. Yeah. It is good. Uh, right now it's a cane Sanchez. You're an apple. I mean just big major dripping apples. And uh, they're just something ridiculous yesterday. Okay. But I appreciate you doing that because I was beaten on Miami Beach on the cause way that night. And I know you're just pulling parts with the radar guns away from there. Thanks a lot. Okay. I knew you could beat it. The bill is in mail. Handle it well. Okay. See. Boy, they have been working on it for like 24 hours. These people feverously. Who's out of the bat line? Is that for me? That is for me? Who is this? They all this is Rick's batch out from Channel 7. Who is this? That was Mark Lolley over part. I say Mark Lolley. You're saying it's not just like baby Del now. You found my gravey Del doing 75. So where do you do? It's not just like you Del do it. Say bye. I'm calling from the glass house here. Yes. Don't throw any stone. They're all hanging stones. There's only pebbles baby. I like it. Listen. I just want to say one thing. And that is I mean this. I hope your ratings don't go up. I know. If they do, you're going to be pretty pure to buy. No, because we had problems are ratings went up. If your ratings go up, you're going to have radio people in this town jumping off buildings holding cross to do this. And I can give you a list of zoom and starts. I think the best way to jump off the building part. Well, listen, good luck to you. You'll be pleased to know, by the way, that I had very nice calls from a Tanner and passed yesterday at home and Capriya and just about anybody who is anybody and some people who aren't much of anybody quite frankly, but think they are. But just from everything that I've heard. Even a very interesting call to me at home yesterday. Man, I'm sorry, that made my day very or a great guy, but emotional, a basketball case. But everything that I've heard and I've seen, the conclusion that I've drawn is that, you know, that this was some kind of a, which I really think that. Well, what's some kind of crap outside of the van? Yeah, that is the operative word. But we'll have to wait a while. Team coverage. Well, put your head to work and do a good bit for me. What do you have done anything since the end bishop? Oh, yeah. You noticed a Don on 10. They won't say masturbate. Oh, they won't? No. They won't do it either, by the way. That's right. I can't. No, no, no, no. You know, those people will not do it. We don't pay worse like masturbate on channel. We didn't use. So how did grandma handle it? And the story, too. Well, we, we substitute it at the phrase, dropping little Johnny behind the year. Oh, man. God, they've been evil at 10 and now they're getting punished and getting spanked for it. I cannot believe it. Yeah. I heard that she got so emotional about that she drove the diesel truck over the jujuz, trucked over the car's way, but it could be just a bad rumor. Yeah. Mark, do me something good. Okay. I'll have a great life. I get to mark, mostly, boy, all these people are want a muscle in on this act. 12 minutes after 11 and W. I O. Z. Everyone, are how Carpeys, Steve of Car, so fast? Well, let's move this tactic that's often used in today's popular sport utility vehicles like Toyota 4 runner and he's on pathfinder. The feet pops the door lock, it's the ignition key code number. With this number in a portable key maker, he makes a duplicate key and drives away with your vehicle in his little seven minutes on real. Now you face the hassle of no car for 30 days. Loss of your deductible, loss of personal items and the negotiations with your insurance company. On the other hand, the feet has your vehicle either strip and sell a parts or export it, either way he makes a tiny profit with little risk. If the situation sounds hopeless, the good news is that it is absolutely not because low jack, only low jack offers total protection through its low jack retrieving and effect options prevent and alert. So as we knew Carly, new carty would have low jack installed on your car when you buy it or to get all the information call the lane because low jack is the only security system that offers you total protection, prevention and recovery. 1-800-53 low jack is affordable and it really works. 1-800-535-65-22. You know, in this impersonal high take age of shampite phone card dealers, it's nice to know with some things. Never change. Like the personal one on one service, you'll get from specific dodge. It's general matters you let is ain't about. What makes things different? The people and our philosophy and our philosophy is we want to treat you like a person, like you'd want to be treated or like you'd treat somebody yourself. You know, I'm the guy that does the commercial, but I'm not the guy that most people deal with when they come in. It's the people that work with me. And I put the challenge out to them or I guess I put the owners on them to make sure that people are taken care of when they come in because I'm putting all these promises on the air and I think they have to carry them out. They're the ones that carry true on it. The other thing I'd like to mention too, when personalized service when people come in for service after they bought the car, we get people there to take care of. It's not an impersonal thing. And basically, it all comes down the ones that the right car and the right price for the right place. Spitter dodge, three-oh-oh-oh-oh, and it's not to see highway helps. On Lenny's day, Bo, and you've got my word on it. Why haven't I got a security system in my hand? Because I don't think I need one. Every 10.5 seconds in America. I'll hold these word the rise. I'm not my door to the mendous when I'm gone. It takes a fee less than 60 seconds to force open most locked doors. Besides, I'm not sure security system is a good deterrent. According to FBI statistics, homes with 100 security systems are 15 times less likely to be vergurized than those without it. And aren't they super expensive? For just 95 dollars, we're seeing how people install three door sensors, motion detector, interior styrofoam, master control panel, window decals in a yard sign. Monitoring is just 24.95 per month. And it's a surprise that I can afford, wouldn't be enough for mine. The basic wasting has security system will protect most homes up to 2500 square feet. And wasting help responds within seconds to any alarm we monitor. Oh, 1,800, smart 30. Yeah, I probably do need a security system. I guess I figured it would never happen to me. Wefting health security system, 1,800, smart 30. You can be sure, it's a blessing house. This is the highest peak. Come on to bag it. I'm cruising down the tank. I got my whip not full, snad still soon, but something not the day of how I am. I'm so low-toned. It's life just ain't for me. Gonna trade for me, thank you, please. Pick me, please, thank you. I'll take, please. I'm going down the tank. I'll build up my closet. And sell that I would pay the price. I'll go back it. Get yourself a clear, open, and make breakfast. Okay, get up your couch. Okay, breakfast. Okay, breakfast. Okay, I eat a big heart with that. We went through 11 16. The WI would be by the way, big night at Toppo Park tonight. We got Call of Witness. And he's the best fit in the Sun set of this morning by the way for tonight. So maybe we'll make some more big bucks. And thanks to Alan Thinklson and Ralph and Alan and all the people in the Harold Durs and John Cashman. Man, they treated me like they had my own personal body guards. It's popularized. I keep an all the media slime balls out of there. I mean, well, what does it get? Do you want to take you at the track? We want to take you taking a leak? We want to take what is it? I mean, what is it that you're looking for? Okay? But you have a maniacs, explorators, just a loving, every moment of human suffering and misery. But have a nice day. Sunrise. Yeah, I hope you rock the house up to this morning. Oh, I want to do a wide open. And I saw a fact Craig had a great line yesterday. So he says can I take some sodas out of the borge I sit in a car? The guy from four was sitting out there for six hours in that car and a blistering heat. Snick it hours so they could get a tape of me waving the bite away the track. Alright, going through your stuff right now as we speak. Oh, good. I hope they have a good time. I want to say chuck it a great job. By the way, my cup tapes along. And George must be going crazy with the phones. It must be ringing off the hook. Why is that we haven't had this many calls since Great Long-up fight? I just want to say there's North Miami Beach Pigs or you know what? And that's ridiculous that this happened. That they were registered for something that was a baby. They did it to that. I think we should all go our local triple X-Feder, sit in the back row and see what happened. When were we all we got so they get what they want? When and out, yank it out. And uh, Brett, your first class Beach Pigs. Okay. Oh, see, emotional, very emotional. 1118 at WI of the open line in the center square, 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. The thing that does disturb me a little bit is that there are people who are just, um, who really believe that this is a big deal. I mean, any way shape or form. Uh, there are people out there who are more phased and blown away. I guess maybe because they're naive and they don't understand what's going on around them. Miami. Hello. Okay. Whatever you say. 19 past 11 at WI of do we have an open line of day, 7519463, 751 WI of deer are from Ellis House total. We are going to make me on the shadow of a doubt. I just can't get over it. Because it's today's the last day. See, I'll tell you what really happened. To I knew we were at the last couple of days of our criminal sauce campaign. Things had slowed down to a crawl. There was no way in the world we were going to make 120,000. It was such a nice, reachable number. So we had to do something sensational and juicy and really just mind-blowing to get the audience off the rest and involve in a work. Work like a charm. You people got to those phones. Man, like all of a sudden, somebody had given you doggy uppers. Float flying at the phone. Hey, yeah. We want to donate hair. Here. Just take everything I got. And it's great. And you can keep doing it. 375-0763. Just WI of I guess I shouldn't say WI about your visa match to cards. Just pull it out gently. That's bad too. And get your donations. And OK, 375-0763. Because today is our final day. And we are going to go over 120,000. And all time, record this year and you're going to hear what everybody, even the VanLady can't afford her good-dub printing. Hi, Neil. Thank you so much for your lovely sign. Our work is flipping a little bit. We were all I was so upset. Why? No, I was... I even my mother wasn't so upset. She was just indignant and outraged. I just, you know, that was the first person I saw it up when I heard. You're poor mom. But anyway, no, my hand was my computer stands out of dupe my hand. Really? That I'm a little more bad material. Yeah, I guess my home or... I bet you're chatting. I'm not speaking to you anymore. We used to operate. I'm telling you, I was driving with Craig to the track of my one trip out of the house yesterday. And I get to the end of the street and make that left turn. And he ran back in a bed garage like Charles Manson and the Jeffrey Dommer just stopped by for lunch. It was probably even a freight-grade problem. That's true. And with good reason too. I had Channel 6, not gonna my door yesterday. No. Yes, I did. No. Well, they're pressing up to her right here. They said, yes, we went... What did they know you were the VanLady? Well, she was trying to get me to go. Was it you? Oh, she's in here right now. She's nice. She was very, very nice. And then the camera came in, you know, they picked, he looked at the van. I said, oh, yeah. I told him that was a Valentine to my boyfriend and she looked at me kind of funny. Yeah, but they got me. But anyway, I just want to say, um, right, picture. Yeah, beautiful. You're Lord. Okay. Well, I'm really cool. Thank you for my presence in my mailbox. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was going to call today anyway. And then, but, and I have to tell you that can I am plumbing support shoe? Well, I'm sorry. I promised. I promised. Great. Well, I'm really emotional about that. I'll go home and plug up the toilet this afternoon and just so I can call him out. Okay, that's good. And I'm... They had a Ross for me too. I'm sure that he's giving me his big support. He, yes, absolutely. They don't know who I am. Well, I'll obviously... I think they do now. Oh, jeez, great. Well, this is the only way I can get across. I'm telling you, what? Yeah. Okay. Well, listen. Have a good day. And you too. Bye. And thanks. Yeah. Producers, we heard. 22 after 11. Everybody in the world should have neighbors like the VanLady. Uh, all we're doing, pizza law. How come Jeff Cohen has in call? I can't believe it. He did call. But you were smart enough. Not to tell me he called. Thank you, George. Jeff Cohen already did call and gushing and sucking around all over the place for free plugs. And that's pizza law. Then flaglier by the Palmetto and we love Neil and there's nothing he can do. And he can rip me and talk about the fruit fries on the ceiling. Anyway, the food is great and it's fresh and it's delicious and the prices right. The greatest pizza in Calzone and Sicilian pan pizza in Fugazza, which is the stuffed spicy pizza in homemade Italian dishes. Like a world-winning lasagna and stuffed shells in eggplant parmesan and sausages and meatballs in the whole. It's just tremendous for lunch. Yeah, I am. 11.26 in W.O.D. here's Port Santa Lucy. Yeah, you know, hi. How you doing? Uh, you know, yeah. Same thing. I mean, uh, you're probably taking all the way over here. The focus here. What is on on a prop now with these saddle clots? Why are they different than the York? Why are they different than the York? Yeah. Well, what is the York Amp? York started on a race. All right. Roll the ball. Well, not really. Goatian. Remember Goatian? The Yorkian before there was a Roosevelt. There was a Goatian and there was probably a decline and there was like always been western. I mean, not everything started in New York that we could have been. But that means shouldn't the sport have the same. Oh, well, I, well, I understand what you're saying in New York. I won $20 off this jerk in New York. You know, usually red is number one and white is, let me just have a two and right is number two. And yellow is five, right? Right. The two and the three and the five and the six of Nick. Yeah, I noticed that in fact, well, you're right. Because six is yellow at the metal lane. Right. And I saw last night. I had the, um, I had the five horse pianist. Yeah, you know the two that did. No, I did not make any, I knickle 70 to one. That's what Mickey's dangerous. But I did have the five across and he paid a huge price at the metal end across the board and Harry paid kind of a mediocre price. But I made a few bucks on the race. Anyway, um, and then the horse that was third on the inside, which was Campbell and the six and I kept thinking because the photo was a long way. I kept thinking, who is that? What is then rich couldn't tell him? We just until I put the numbers up. So it is all right. It's good. But I'm going to go to, or, well, Martin could be in a form. It should be right. Wait, you're hearing. And his guy yelling five is a photo. And I understand what you're saying. Well, I won $20 off. Because if they don't five, I know the file was even in the photo. Yeah. It was the six and the one. Well, you know what I mean, it's good way to get a little less. Yeah, go ahead and make money. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's amazing. What? The other thing is, uh, what the summary is? It's going to be awesome. What is, what is it? It is, uh, it is, uh, it is going to happen. Yes. To be just a continuation from May two or what? Well, I don't know the exact date. But, and again, it's not 100% official, but I'd say 99 and a half percent. Yeah, what did the track wait during they should do it? Right. They'll do okay. And it won't seem, you know, we quite, the same quality. But hey, racing is racing and you have all the different ways to bet. And I'll be out there and it's not enough. And the, the sisters and the dog. New bet. You had better than those. You had a little tiny horses. They're run for four seconds. Yes. That's true. Okay. See you tonight. Okay. Bye. Tonight's collar witness. Big people's horse night. 1128. We have an open line out of town. 18944. Mickey, the great day, ladies and gentlemen. Ha ha ha ha. Send me a beautiful plant. Look at that. Is that nicer? What? Beautiful flowers? And I hope Mickey didn't put one of her Indian curses inside the vase there. But not, thank you, Mickey. You're okay. Didn't have your home number, but I did call. You're very sweet. Mickey, who's with a beat? 29 after 11 here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Dale. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Hey, he didn't get my review lately. Oh, yeah. Some backfloppers. Some backfloppers. As in slifers. Ha ha ha ha. That is his biography. Yeah. Bowie's a gorgeous path to law for the crop churches. For the crop churches? That's just no more crop churches. No more crop churches? That's just no more crop. Damn it. That's the only fun part. Have a great day, sir. So, Baroff, 29 after 11 at WIOD. We have an open line at Broward. Five, two, four. See these are my people coming back. Now, Chuck, yes, but they got all the people that are nearly don't call. Who are wonderful folks. But these are my immorans. And we love it. Kendall, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm the only one doing fine. Welcome back. Thank you so much. For all your opinions about Chuck, he's a hell of a guy. He did a hell of a job. That's what I meant. You didn't hear the beginning of the show. I went to your parents' family. I never gave him lengthy emotional tribute. He's one of the finest broad characters. One of the most talented people. He's just a great American. Even if he is full of crap sometime. Well, it proves to say what you said all along is true. We live in a fascist state. Yes, sir. The pig. Welcome. You got it. You know, the pig's up in North Miami. Bitch. I did themselves, huh? This was my any beach. By the way, I'm not going to make any comments. Okay. I'll give the towel. Give the towel. Good to hear you back. Good to hear your jovial professional self. Well, behind you instead of in front of you. And your true fans know that when you go to court, it'll be dismissed for lack of evidence, right? Okay. And you're back and have a great life. And I'd like to call my buddy, Gernon, Roll, or major closet, Neely's their douchebag. Okay. Take care, Neely. Bye. Love of 30 and WIOD. No more eight corn jokes today. Okay. And I was in a, let's go to High Ali, hello. How you doing here? I'm doing fine. Listen, you know, you, you, you, you, uh, I don't know. Wait a minute. I'm slow down. You sound so emotional like you're rather virgin breaking. No, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, uh, jump on everybody's face or really, you know, you, it doesn't matter who you rag on or whatever. But there was two distinct, uh, differences yesterday. You had Mr. Eagle, you know, the flatherness amount and everything. And then someone who you always, you know, you're always making fun of our adventures. They interviewed her last night. I thought I saw that. And, you know, I thought it was, uh, that was a good taste of what she did. She could have ripped into you and, um, she thought it handled it pretty good. And that's the way I take most of them to the head. Really, if I read my truth. Yeah. You know, most of them see a lot of the people out of, you know, I'm not talking about you. But a lot of people in general can't, including some of the people in this business, by the way, because of their massive ego, they don't know the difference between, on a year, stick and business and personal. They don't know what the, where the line is or what it is. And there's a big difference. Yeah. You know, there's a big difference. When the initial thing with Tanner broke, I went and met with him the next morning. I came on the year and I was very defensive as long as I felt like could be. And now after him calling me yesterday, we had another conversation, I really have very mixed feelings about that whole deal because I think that he's really getting the bad rat and there's more stuff coming on that and there's a lot of things being blown out of proportion and twisted and manipulated. But I don't, I don't try to exploit other people's misfortune. As far as Rick Stages is going, which I keep hearing about, you know, I didn't, uh, harm anybody else. I wasn't intoxicated. There is nobody sitting in a coma because of anything that I've done. And people who try to make a correlation between the thing that I was stuck into and this, and the deals with him, what is the relationship? Yeah. You didn't copy a plea. I mean, this guy got the plea for that. That's so the sign of some kind of being guilty. But, you know, you had this guy calling Mr. Eglue yesterday. You know, it took me a, a hard time. You're trying to get that station so that I knew that you know, once there's built that he was going to, you know, he was just going to go crazy. But again, I expect that then and I don't have a problem with that. But it's just also phoning and so get arrived and say everything else that they do. Well, you know, the thing is that the other person, I already, they said, you know, the first 20 minutes half hour he was given, but then it started to get old after while and then went at the ground with their business that he would allow them. And he had this one guy calling and starts talking about what you did to Tanner and that his daughter could, I can't talk to it. His daughter called then I will suicidal and crying. And he was like, you know, I'm very interested because Don Cox called me yesterday at home and we had a great conversation. And the cops have been around the block a few times. He knows a difference between stick and, you know, right. And first, like, but he started, he's daughter was, I mean, you know, I first she seen the sip, but then when she got to realize that you were really, you know, in just and you were having a good time. She started with able to deal with it. It wasn't like she was going to kill herself because, you know, you wish it was being about her dad. You know, some of these people just go way overboard. I'm glad you're back on the air. Don't be emotional. And I want to tell you years from now, nobody will give a crap about any of this. Get out. And what if he stays, it'll be one of one of the, one of the, one of the, one of the stories, the story behind the story and everybody on the list. I'll be on send his favorite brother to the interview though. I'm really, really, really, really appreciate for me. Have a great day. I take care of him. 26 till noon at WSU. You were knocking on the van leaves. How is he not going to do it on? You look very gently. We're just tapping it. I'm sorry. Open line a day, 751 Wild and we got a real superstar at Voice. Good thing it's almost time for the break. Good morning, Neil. Well, I hear he is. Didn't want to miss out. You were a good looking guy on that one TV report when you were on. Yeah, I heard a man with a hair up on all you mean with a jacket on. I could have him with a mugshot. I hear up in here in the eyeballs flaming. You could really see the weight loss. Yeah, look right. Oh, you stopped sucking around Jeff. It's just, I mean, the public is barfing all over the place. All right. They can't believe this performance. Well, well, I'm telling you, one day, we're going to have an, an I OG Oscar for Jeff Cohen for the most incredible overracking in just a performance that defines description. I'll start putting the shelf up on the wall. Yeah, but yeah, right. I'm sure you would. I agree you would. Well, we're cooking away. We're feeding your station today out front of the last grade. We'll be coming. Then I'm going to give you some super crossestries bringing me some young guy and I will my return today and I hope you do a great job for everybody else. Stop. Sure. Listen, nice to hear it. Have you back? Nice to be here. And like I said, you were great last night. Yeah. But Jeff, I got to go and get the damn part just, uh, oh man. Get the whole over. I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah. See you shortly, Joe. All right, you're fine. Bye bye. Get a haircut, slimble. 25, so no, the WIOZ and speaking of here. What a segue. Thanks so much for Jeff Cohen. If you got like no here in front, you just got like a bun in the back. You're here. I'm talking about. Some are 1990. It's the summer of Dick Tracy. You'll see the movie. I'm going to listen to the soundtrack. Wear the teacher and read the comic book. And now, just in time for Father's Day, you can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie. The soundtrack for teacher in the comic book. New Dick Tracy Colone. Why smell like other guys? No, you look very like no, right? Oh, excuse me. 1140 is WIOZ, the little Andy. They're trying to muscle when I'm in. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, sir. How do I find? I'm first time crawler. Great. I saw my wife saw how that bun is. She called me a crawler. She wishes to be the last three years. And the amazing thing is I just can't believe that with the world's coming to. And you know, you have your own privacy. You're nothing in this world today. I was in a coma for 27 years. I was dragging, doing drugs and everything. And I'm probably straight after 11. 11 months. You don't work at Channel 70. Excuse me. I just did. Oh, no. I didn't make Channel 70 news. Are you serious? Excuse me. Well, I guess if that's the kind of stuff you do, you'll be on Channel 70 News. I did make Channel 70 News because I was one of the first guys arrested for driving. They could take away your license on the spot. And I was in a drug that night. And they pulled me over. That was one night. I wasn't drunk. And the cops said he didn't like the way I looked. It pulled me in. Got real nasty. So I gave him a new set of bridge work. And uh... And no extra charge. Why? And no extra charge. I mean, he got real nasty. Stick wise and all that. I mean, that's all he resided up. But I went to the program and it's amazing that my life has changed. But one thing the judge did to me a favor. I mean, my whole life has changed. I meant somebody got married. Happy straight. It's a different life after somebody years. Well, I'm sure straight is a different life. But I don't do it all. I'm holding my breath. That all in your breath. But you know, it's amazing that today we goes on today. With everybody. It's just, you know, like it's almost like living in a world that you got to watch out with you. It's insane. It's got to the point now. We're just, uh, it's so out of control. And if you pick your nose with the wrong finger, they're going to come and bust you. It's crazy. Well, I've been telling people that for about a minute. Where you are now? Because if it's, yeah. Watch. Because if that's nice. Chastity belts for everybody, sir. And only El Presidente will have the key. So listen, you have a great weekend. And I just say one day. I can't think of one. Yeah, my son misses this. And I just want to tell him say hi to Jules. He's framed that. Oh, I need to super do Spangled. Super do Spangled. Okay. All right, let me go. Okay, see him. 1142 a WIOD and open line in Broward. 52946 and 3 years a lady in Homestead. Hey. Hi. How's it going? Great. Listen, I got a, I want three bucks to call you. You want three whole bucks? Three bucks. Hey, I got calories on my finger. Just for a dollar and a bit for a bit. I'm going to say something about that, but I won't. Listen, my new husband. He says that he thinks that you didn't do it. Can't. Yeah. And they just made the stuff up. And I got to say what I really don't care what he did. They're not. His business is in my mind. Exactly. And I think I think the big deal with their making of it is the, I think if anybody else is done it, they wouldn't be saying anything. But oh, you work on the radio. So they're just going to pour you in and make news. Yeah. So I started with probably, I'm trying to get you to check out my support. Well, thanks a lot of thanks for walking. Yeah, right? Have a great weekend. Good to see you. Bye-bye. 143 at WIOD. Of course, bring some of those. Yeah, hey, now. Yes, sir. You know, the whole thing, I had a similar situation, only with the DEA, a gold-a-guy copyer, and they said, I sold cocaine. You sold a copier? Yeah, they brought me in a rest of me for selling cocaine. How? I don't know. I think they're, I think they're sampling their own products or stuff. Could be. But, you know, fascism is alive, but not these are, you know, here. I've been saying that for years, and I know that a lot of people think I exaggerate now, for reacting, I'd get carried away, and I'm just out of control. It is a true and somewhere, as soon somebody's going to have to draw the line, or they're going to be no freedoms left anywhere in this country. It's very frightening to go through it. I might just all know because it's terrifying what these people do. Like living in a virtual police state? Yeah, well, I turn into a just drop, it's not doing anything. Don't say anything. Well, and that's the problem, just like my coming on here today, and I can't really say anything about anything, which is pathetic. But that's the way our system is. You just have to kind of went out, and the glass at all over, and they're stuck up to people, and all of that. And then that's the way you make everything go away. Yeah. And it's horrendous, it's a nightmare. It's incredible. Why are you turning to the dumps, anything? For another three months, it's a nightmare. They got three months, two places, they can do whatever they want to do. Yeah. And I didn't do anything to begin with. Well, good luck. Hey, hey, you look to you too. Thank you, hang in there. Hey, you too. Hey, you too. Bye. 145 at WIOD. We have an open line on the star line, if you have both self-emability, just to pick it up and give it a slick at five for star IOD. All Maria. Yes. Maria. Why did you call me? You know, at a bus of the Colunis. Maria, try to control it yourself. We'll be a lady now. Maria, don't start getting gross and crass. All the way is kind of interesting. The other side of Maria is coming up. You bet. I mean, unbelievable. Unbelievable. She's pushing up to the point where pretty safe. You've got to put up Maria more than 10 minutes. Oh, god. I don't believe this honestly. I get out when I heard it. I said that. I'm dreaming. This is a nightmare. Yeah. And I said, no, I got it. I got to be honest with you. I'm not really all that surprised. You know, again, I can't make any comment on the specifics, but I'm not the least bit surprised. And at this point, anything that happens in this country is not going to surprise me, because it's just the part of it I'm going escalating planner. It doesn't stop. With all the crying that's going on and other stuff. And they don't leave. It's just one. Unbelievable. Yes. That's it. Anyway, you know, we're with you. And that's the important thing. And I'm very proud of WIOD. They've been super. I want to say it again. I've been incredibly great. And that goes all the way up to the people in Atlanta, Los, Yahoo's up there at Atlanta and down here, etc. Absolutely beautiful. Well, thank you, Maria. Hey, darling. Are you hanging there? We shall overcome. Yes. Okay, dear. Bye. Thanks again to Mickey for that beautiful thing of flowers. I think she's contacted up with a spell. There's West Palm Beach, hello. Neil. Come back. Did you say Nick? I don't know where I was thinking a lot of that or something. Careful. Nick, a lot of that. Yeah, I think I know. I guess I think I should have shared it down there in the similar way. He was thinking of the sheriff of the BS. I think the worst thing I heard from the whole thing is that was it actually true that King called up the bird and wait until he gets his call. As I understand it, because Norm Kent was on the way from this station and the breathless press conference is back home. And I want to thank Norm for Mendez because he's been a home sick for a couple of weeks. And he ran all around for me and I really appreciate it. But anyway, he had called me and is from his car just all breathless and hysterical that the bird had called in on Alice's show. And I said, I'm not going to listen to it. I know we need to carry it. When you're dealing with petty little people who have an axe to grind, I'm sure just repeated the same old crap that he had fed the new times that they didn't even see fit to print because of a such a bunch of garbage. People who live in glass cages like the birds should not be throwing stones. Okay. And I had just another point. I did call up the beach. The beach of the police and I only got through to the desk and I just want to say if you were trying to hurt this man, you've seen the support you've given them. You've seen what you've done for that Camille's house. And if this is your idea, and this was some kind of a deal to hurt them, I don't take it work. And a woman who asked for the phone, she was really nice and he was listened to the thing. There are a lot of very nice people over the other way. I don't pay any organization with a big broad brush because both that metro and over on the beach, there were some really very nice people. Well, I don't think that you hurt them, and that much just turned out a radio on listen to it. Okay. We have a great day. You too. Bye. Let me tell you why, O.D. If you're one of those who's really sick and paid, then pay me. Tell me, are you a thief from now from the tail end? I'm a liar, I get that to kill and I'm a thief. Where's that going? What's he doing with that machine guy? Oh my god. What's he doing with that machine guy? He was a thief, but we need one story after another about drugs and violence. Now, she watched her right around and re-right the news in a... ...and... ...oh... ...sorry and pressure. So, hopefully, please. I'll see you tonight at five second order. Stop. I'm sorry. She'll tell the news to her full head. What are you going to do with me? When I can prove to you, there won't be enough of you to make a good suit for John. I'm sorry. And this is also during Carl Wether, this is going for the old and John, not the John, no. There's a stationary god over there. And I'm full. He's really close to the news. And all the news will be true. Robert, 153, a WID. Wait to hear these numbers, man. These are incredible. You folks are doing it. The Kamilosaos total is over 120,000. This morning alone, already, what time is that even ...noon yet, less than two hours, and already they've had called in today. 1,369 dollars. On Visa Mastercard, over at the Kamilosaos, that brings our grand total to 120,000. And we thank you and don't let up now. We might be able to do close to 125. See, that's me. I'm greedy. I want to get that total boost up aside, as possible, because I know it's going to over a much needed and great cause. 3,75,0763. I'm sure the lines are jammed over there. Be patient and keep down on the zero, nothing falls off. Waterhill. Yeah. Where are you? in a barrel. But the clothes on sir. Welcome back, man. Thank you so much, man. Heart felt. We really missed you. Heart felt? Yeah. Heart felt? Oh, oh. Yeah. You know Chuck was really, you just pictured him gigaling in the corner me every time he made some kind of comment like that yesterday. He was good. He was great. He wasn't good. He was great. That was probably the greatest performance in Chuck Myers-Light. Seriously. I mean, he was under impossible conditions. He handled it well. He let everybody say their peace and kept it on the control. And he was just terrific. And I appreciate it. Yeah, Chuck's the man. Why have to call you Chuck's kind of like the smoky Burgess of radio. You know, you don't want to start a merry day because you've got a big and pudgy that doesn't have the strength. But when he did somebody come off the bench and hit that big grand slam the home or the tent sitting, that he's a guy. Good man. Now I have to call you. See, I can appropriate time to tell you the story. I know you don't like Miami football and I don't either. But I got the kind of going to a game in the nasty bowl down in Miami. And the guy, we said, we've spoken to our seat. You've spoken to us. We've spoken to our seat right behind the a row of noxious, psychotic drunks. And they're rolling joints and they're smoking pride. I mean, right? You know, be real in private if you want to do it. But they're right. They're smoking a big joint. The cop's are all over the place. And they're not even done out budging. One halfway through the game. Two of the guys get quiet because they're boneed out their stone. And this is the Houston game. First game. Hey, listen, I got news for you. That was the hurricane. I thought he was on about the Houston Dolphins. You wanted to be stunned by the end of that game. Before Sammy dropped it. Well, I mean, I couldn't blame him for doing what they were doing. It was got so boring. But one of them remained intact. And he went, he was going nuts. So he takes his warm beer and his friends, they've quieted down. I guess it kind of pissed him off there quiet. And he's going to be reaching the round one for him. Poor as his beer on his head. Beer unsolved out his back. Well, naturally, he was sitting right behind him. He thinks we did. So now he got goes insane. He turned around. He ripped off his shirt. Yeah. I know you're not going to believe it. He ripped off his shirt. He starts saying some kind of words I never heard before. No, come on. You heard him. Well, they're in Spanish. OK. OK. He torches his next time he'll interpret for you. OK. We should have George or with him. And they got undoes his pants. I couldn't believe it. He went really. He ripped it right out. Uh-oh. There was a woman saying I front them too. And I see it goes on face. I can't believe it. He pulled it right out in the idea. Say in his Spanish, say, you know, get on there. Whatever. Yeah. The funny thing was, it wasn't much to show off. But maybe that's why she was disappointed. It was no big deal. By the way, the words that he was saying were, No, they know for you. They know for you. They know for you. They just tried to prove it. Meals, there was not a cop anywhere. Yeah. If you guys stand in front of thousands of people showing his foil peanut. And uh, hey, no cop. Big bag of dope getting passed around. No cop. I don't get it. It's not fair. Pass the donuts. It's ridiculous. Have a great day. Thank you. Good luck. What a story. I guess it was no extra charge for the floor show there at the Orange Bull. What a place. Tiny. Hi, I'm good news. Hi, oh, tiny. You sound like so gutterl today. Where have you got that mic, baby? Oh boy. By the way, I want to congratulate winning as a TV star. I didn't realize that the certain individuals I will mention their names because they may be close by were like right up on my door, stoop. And uh, like taping inside the little window there. And uh, and when he is a TV star, my golden retriever, tiny is pretty pissed off about it too. But he's so small they couldn't photograph. Which is kind of relates to the whole story. Too much, too much young guys, too, to talk to me. Too much to some young guy. You have to place some time to see you. And then I tell you, Anthony, I love you. And I will always listen and you're a good guy. Thank you, Tony. I love you. Love and kisses. Bye bye. Wow. Love and 58. And W-I-O-D. It opened line in day to 751. Here's Pemberpine's. And I don't. Great. I know there's not much time for just get right to the point. Get right to it. I want to thank number one shopwires and uh, and you both were taking something that's uh, time was negative thing and channeled to something really positive. Okay. Uh, you know, helping after most of us with this is really great. And people showing support is, hey listen, if that's what it took, I mean, you know, whatever whatever motivates you. And over terms of honor, that's kind of bizarre, but if that's got them off their dead ass. Yeah. I mean, because it's unfortunate for you to go through the hassles and all the look and what it's turned out to. Yeah. Anyway, we're behind you 100%. Thanks. Bye. Okay. Let me give that total again, because even I'm uh, well, we buy it. 120,000. $503.33. If you're not familiar with our commos house campaign, we do each year for a couple of months from November to the end of January. And raise money for the homeless. And the record last year was 11,630 bucks, which are far in a way surpassed our previous records. And this year, we didn't even set a goal because we're in a depression and the charities are crying. And then spite of that, here it is on the last official day of our campaign. And we've not only broken it, but demolished it and still are doing it. Rick and Spod come along to the 6th of Saturday, known old number 88, Mr. Mandage on Sports Talk at 605. Hank Goldberg showed a night with a look at gold medal skaters, Katrina Wit and Brian Botanyl, 8219. This is our Florida news, graphic and weather stations, soon talk radio, 6th and WIOD, my Apple Ford Waterdale and the Palm Beach.