The Cup Shot. Hungary. Who's talk radio? 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show. They get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day. In Broward it's 524 WIOD. Outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-9444 WIOD. And Bell South Mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers and not necessarily those of this station. Now here's Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio. 610 WIOD. I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive. The Bell Guy. It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the streets. See them on the sidewalk. Oh, hear them shuffling feet. He's a nice asshole. He's doing asshole from the native. Steffa sigh of good at people as the asshole of the race. We got your assholes, we've read them. The asshole's from the 9th. The asshole's from Jesus. The asshole's from the 9th. The asshole's from Jesus. The asshole's from Christ. The asshole's from Jesus. The asshole's from all the time. The asshole's from Jesus. The asshole's making money. The making all the rules. Taking all our jobs. They're feeling a fire school. Asholes on the water. Asholes in the sky. The scientists have killed one of them. The asshole's made a fly. All right, great. O teach you won't you tell me. And I really made the race. Am I in my class or am I just another asshole on the race? The asshole's getting the orders. And asshole broke the boat. Asholes get elected. As asshole gets the boat. I want to start a set. That'll asshole never die. They just made a bad move. I'll fly. Asholes in the morning. Asholes in the night. Asholes in the morning. Asholes in the night. Asholes in the night. Asholes in the night. Asholes in the night. Asholes in the night. Asholes in the night. Asholes in the night. Asholes in the night. 10-9 and W.I.O.G. Happy Tuesday to your man. What a day, huh? Oh, and if we got bad news for that guy in Lutz, we're back. Oh, no. Man, can you just see that guy? He was sure. We were going to be back today and we're back. And guess what? We're going to be back tomorrow and like on Thursday and Friday and seven weeks from Forum and like six weeks from Shivouis and today after that. How do you like that sir and have nice life? So anyway, where the hell do we start today? God, we got so much ground to cover and only four hours in which to do it. He said, so much ground to guess who called Rick and saw yesterday afternoon. If you missed it, man, you're snoozing. I'll tell you that right now. One of the most incredible calls in the history of broadcasting the bird. The bird from Lakeland, okay? Who is finding a kinder and gentler part of his life now in retirement? And is certainly Rick said, why don't you call Neil tomorrow? And he said, well, how thick about it? Hey, you're always welcome to call on a show, Birdie, okay? Come on, come out of your shell again. Might be fun to talk to the bird for like 20 or 30 seconds, right? And we're just kicking some, not see Rick Rally has a little bit of a problem. We all know that. We do know that. Those of us who have known and loved him for over the last couple of years. I need help. Exactly. And yesterday he spends like not only didn't he have the moon scope guy on. Here's our first day. We're like covering almost the entire state. Okay? A momentous day in the history of the whole United States. Okay? And Rick Rally puts the moon scope guy on the ear. Now that was unforgivable. But even more unforgivable was when he was calling over there to the Repurus Septionist at WSUN in Tampa, or St. P. Rubin Halley R over in Yahooville. And that's just a joke. I heard that guy that called, oh, Neil thinks everybody's red next. So it's just a radio show. Okay? I know there's like a whole bunch of swabs sophisticated really hot looking people over there. At least a half a dozen. And he keeps calling over there and he's asking her, well, what's the reaction to our? What do they have the calls running? Well, Rick, let me ask you a question. Okay, dummy. If tomorrow. If tomorrow. This show all the shows that are now on Wild disappeared. And they just like out of the blue, they started playing country and western. And you're in spit kick and music on his station tomorrow. How does he think the calls would go? Okay? There would be thousands of calls. There'd be a cramplot of calls coming through in his place. And the overwhelming majority of them would be psychotic. They would be hysterical. They'd be going crazy for a day or two till they found something else to do. Okay? And that's a way it's going to be. So we, I want to emphasize that number now is for the rest of the state. Because there's some really exciting things going to happen because we get into tall I have seen on S.U.N. like a local and also I'm sure in the Gainesville. And all the kids from down here who go off to school in the fall and get desperate in Psychotic and what the hell are we going to listen to and what are we going to do in our spare time once we get tired of doing that. They're going to be able to listen and call. That's going to be right there is going to be at least like 10 or 20 people, right? One eight hundred nine four four W. I. O. D. That's our that's our link to the world Right there. One eight hundred nine four four nine four six three. So it always your time calling Barbara or whatever name is over there. She's busy. She's busy playing grab ass in the office up there. As you and she don't have time for your stupid call call us call us invent your exciting feelings. Okay. If you can must read. Twelve minutes after 10 on news talk radio six ten W. I. O. D. South Florida's most listen to sports show followed by Goldberg and night with Hank Goldberg. You're talking to me. What the hell was that? Oh, that was shocking. Ten sixteen. I think George is like hallucinating in there and see if Rick Riley We're here right now. He'd be foaming at the mouth because that out of town line isn't ringing. He'd be saying, Oh gee one day and they're sick of us already. Well, they probably are Rick. Okay. One eight hundred nine four four W. O. D. One eight hundred nine four four nine four six three. We could have shot like all 10 colors yesterday. We had a tremendous day. I had the time of my life here yesterday. Even the guy from Lutz was entertaining and the rabbit guy in Sarasota. It was amazing. It was like an outpouring W. O. D. Okay. Now see that's a Palm Beach County call. You can tell. I mean any idiot can tell that. And that's another thing. All of a sudden these people in Palm Beach are a bunching up today. For months and months like forget it. That line is dead as a door nail. And now all of a sudden because they feel they're going to be deprived because they got like competition. They're calling on that line. Okay. That's the only one that's not lit now. So before we go rushing and start and spend a lot of money and putting a lot extra light W. O. D. Okay. See that's Palm Beach. That was Del Rey. You can tell just by the tone of it. For Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Do you read Jiffas? I have it right in my hand right now. Women in Blacks need not apply. Now see here's a big story. Yesterday we sampled start. Siamel casting with W. O. S. You went on a West Coast. We're covering like almost the entire state. One of the biggest things to happen in Broadcasting in years in this town. And Tom Jick is writing about the women in Blacks need not apply because all the guys who do talk are white males. Yeah. I like to dedicate that open. I think it's a big set. Really? Yeah. No shorts fat. Well, short. Not male. You're short. You're not even smelly. Really? Yeah. Okay. But you like him? I know. Okay. Just like to get that off my chest. I think it's a joke. But he didn't mention my name first though. That was good. Yeah. Right at the beginning. There are Neil Rogers, Rick and Soads Hank. Joseph. He did mention the gacky though. I'm not too happy about that. Nothing's perfect. Do you know the best line in the whole column? What's that? About Randy Martin when she was doing nights here. It says Martin was good. Goldberg is better. Boy, Hank, don't count on that as one of your great compliments. I'm going to be better than Randy Martin. God, I hope so. God. I agree. Give me. Okay. All right. So he times not all that bad. Pretty bad, but not that bad. Have a great day. Yeah, you too. So what is it? Oh, here's a call from Tampa to get us rolling today, right? Yeah. Friend or foe. Friend. All right. You're just living for Florida. I'll move to Tampa a year ago. And that's probably the greatest thing that's happened in your life next to any emotional experience. Yeah. Well, next to any kind of experience. Right. Had a friend coming last night. Midnight said Scott, 6.20 a.m. Neil's finally there. Incredible. It's about time. And it sounds like it's like coming right from the end of the pier. There. Oh, yeah. It sounds crystal clear. Yeah. It's amazing. We're trying to get you. I get you sometimes in Orlando. Yeah. Well, now we're covering now. You can hear it in Orlando like perfect on S. U.N. That station over there has got a signal like from a hell. Man, it's 10,000 watts non-directional. We're in the Tallahassee. We're in the Gainesville. We're in the two egg. We're in the Perry. We're in the lutes. I mean, we're in the everybody. That's about time. They need some good morning shows around here. Yeah. They can do that. Sam will cast over in Orlando. One of the guys from here in Tampa. Right. Not too good. Right. And by the way, the people at FLA that I was ripping yesterday because they really suck. So the rumor that we hear now is that they're not being allowed to respond to. They can't even talk about the fact that we're there. Like they're going to keep it a secret or something. Is that incredible? Talk about spinalis and gutless and talentless, police their consistent. All right. Well, listen, have a go you're over there for what for the duration. I'm over for the duration. I made a move for business. Great. It's not bad over there. Not great. I love having all the water around here. Right. And you got basic. You got Bernstay, Cousin, Stake and Shake and you got bush gardens. And you got bush brewery. And you got USF. And you got something. I don't know. And actually got topless places where the guys can really reach out and touch somebody. Well, you also got some of the ones where the girls can't even wear it. Where bikini tops, too. Hands on where they're located. Oh, I see. If the two close to a school, you can't show anything. Uh-huh. Well, like I said, we can relate to it. It's a great relationship. Well, listen, have a great life. Neil, can I say hi to somebody? Of course. All right. Rick, this is Scott. Thanks for telling me. Neil's on the air. Okay, Scott. Great. Okay, see you. Bye. Boy, and that sounded like a local called in there. Sounds like he was like right next door. Like right in this room here. God, is this exciting or what? This is like, I mean, even with our one little putrid crappy line there. Oh, geez. This is such an emotional. I can't begin to tell you. It's been years since anything like this has happened. And that tells you a lot about life in this state. Doesn't it? When this is the most exciting thing that's happened, even more exciting than my goblet or operation. Where is that call from? Which we're going to get to very quickly. See these other people are going to start being passay and they're going to say, Oh, he doesn't care about us anymore. Well, guess what? Now we care about you, but not quite as much as we used to. You know what I'm saying? Like a little bit. Like, don't go away yet. But we'll let you know when we do have an open line and brown at 524 9463. I want to be something if the bird calls us today. Oh, man. And maybe we'll even hear from Joey Reynolds today. I have my nose up. Neal's ass. Yeah. Joey. I got news for you. It is so lame. He's doing mornings on QAM because I guess the other guy are rarely in a hospital or something. And they'll probably send him a telegram like they did to Bill Caldery and O'Jerk are like, get lost and the good luck to you. And the Joey is on there. Just straining and desperate to find something and not Joey, you're about as funny as cancer of the kneecap. I mean, you just, you're sad and you're just going on and on and talk to some old Yahoo this morning. They told him his name ought to be Joe Reynolds instead of Joe. Maybe that's Joe Hamilton, Joe Franken Reynolds. How's that for a name, Joey? Okay. Show you suck. You're so bad. You're so boring. You're so turmer. Why don't you stop talking about me? I mean, I'll mention you now and that'll be it. But every time I punch over there, well, those guys over there and Neal, yeah, right. Get an act, Joey. Come on. Maybe Tom will even write about you. Hey, Goldberg, you're host for another Goldmurganite show tonight at 8. You suck when you're sick, Jim. Come on, you're my OT. Some thighs, I feel myself. Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy. You'll see the movie, listen to the soundtrack, wear the t-shirt and read the comic book. And now just in time for Father's Day, you can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie, the soundtrack, the t-shirt and the comic book. New Dick Tracy Colone. Why smell like other guys? Now you can smell like Dick. Ted 26 at Wiodina, see we have a little contraptops here because two of the people in Broward who were on the land dropped off because they feel unloved and uncared for. And you know how, see Broward is like touching go anyway or nearly. And now that they feel that I'm diverting my attention, all these other people in other parts of the state, it's like, oh, we don't care. We just don't care about us anymore. That's no way to feel, is it even if it's true? Brandon. How are you doing, old boy? Well, I just want to be the first to thank you for putting the X back into Tampa. The X. Now we'd like to be the first one to call all M.T.M. Packs is over there. I'm not saying he's back. All right. Great job, sir. Rick Riley from Mayer of Yes, Aintree. Right. Hey, he fits man. He's got the right beard. That wasn't from Brandon. You think that was from Brandon? You think so. No, that was probably Rick's brother. 10-20 is boyfriend. 10-27. We have two open lines in Broward and I'm not going to sit still for that out there. That right now, 5-2-49463. 5-2-4 Wiod. And our line to the world. Wiod. Hello? How do you like that? What was that? Was there a woman's voice on there? I'm going to be entertained with this line all day long. It's like a kid with a new play toy. God, almighty, there's some real interest in people over there, man. And some of them actually can speak. Wiod. Hello? Yes. Yes, sir. How you doing? Good. Good. I'm going to smoke a jubilee. Oh, good show, be all right. What's going on up there? Hot weather in the rain. Hot weather in the rain and the skaters, right? Yeah, well, it kind of going coordination together. And the horny toads? Yeah, we got to do different horny things up here. Yeah, like I said, those horny toads? Yeah. Hey, listen, how does this all now? Worried, you're on right now. I picked up cold, so to speak. All right, well listen. I guess you told me, yay, who's dead next from a pair of open kilbe. And how could you tell that? Well, what's the first hint? That's the, uh, must be when you say don't go near. When you said, okay, you'll be sitting there. I must have been a clue, right? Well, I guess, so we're going to work cold red next up here. So what's wrong with that? Well, you don't know that. Go with a lot of people say this is different. But let's what I'm telling about, okay? Right. Here's, uh, you know, I'll listen to you when I can. Yeah. And you're grasped about the scratch about that. Everybody's gripping all the time. Oh, that's the way that's why we got nimble crash Republican. Exactly. But listen. And each Ross P. Road, don't forget him either. Right. With that little tight haircut. Yeah. Right. But it's entertaining. It is entertaining. That's the key. That's the key, you're right. Right. I have no road use and things. Yeah. And different people. No way, man. Wait a minute. You announced rodeos? Yep. I thought it was rodeos. Well, it doesn't go where you found them. I'm not even a yo, can you do it? Oh, if you're from New York, it's a rodeo. And if you're from Oak, it's you'll be sitting there. You can chill be sitting there. It's a rodeo. Okay. Little more sophisticated. Right. But anyway, listen, he is entertaining. Yeah. And I enjoy it. I enjoy it too, man. Well, sure. That's, uh, if you didn't, you'd be doing some mess. We're going to met Donald Sethon Burgers. Right. But, uh, I don't do that when I get out of here. When I leave here, I go over and flip it. I always want to help. Yeah. But, uh, you know, I get tired of this. I got you music. You know, I like all kind of music. Well, I do. But after a while, man, at Samold, stuff man, at the knee slap and crap, your knees start getting black and blue after a while. Well, yeah. But, uh, you know, and then we got talk about that. Right. Yeah. I'm going to call you today. I got a listening American name, but the guy Yes, often the deep beer. Yeah. He's a Samold crap, you know, with his, uh, knocking a homeless and knocking a women and knocking a this one tonight. Yes. He's just a big, uh, apartment complex is what he is. Well, and it is. It's everyday the same old crap. Yeah. And I think, yeah, yes, they are on, uh, on the station out of Tampa. WSUN, one of America's incredible radio stations, sir. Right. I did a deal one time. I rode you on Tampa over there. And they had the live promo there. And I did the talking for him. It didn't happen for him. Right. Well, you fit right in over there, man. But, uh, especially in Clearwater. But I try to listen to you. Like I said, I go up to North Florida. Well, I can wish you call it North Florida. Go per the Webster bus. Now, every day, yeah. To wait a bit to where? To bus now, Webster. Right. Where the hell is that? That's up, uh, 50 miles north of Brooksville. Brooksville. Oh, God, one of the most incredible cities in America. Well, I get that big fleet market there. We have to go. Oh, yeah. Probably John McKeews going to be doing a show from Brooksville from the flea market. He's the king of the fleas. Well, I think what is the big fleet market. They really have an old Monday. It's the take old day you walk through. Wow. But, uh, my guess that I just, I enjoy listening. It's fun. It's entertaining. You know, people talking about fat, gay, whatever. It don't bother me a bit. Right. People as people as people, sir. Hey, well, absolutely. You know, you're entitled to you on a penny, but anyway, it is enjoy. I do enjoy listening to that. Well, that's all accounts. And I like to fear the people calling. And I like to do a little hassle on the deal. I like going back for it. I make sure. Little hassles, what life's all about, especially if you live like in lutes. Right? You ever, if you ever ran into lutes? Excuse me? I say have you ever been in lutes? Oh, lutes? Yep. You have been. I went to rode up in lutes. Oh, really? And how do they treat you up there? Well, I don't know if this is about going anywhere. It's, uh, how you present yourself. Right. Well, I'm going to have to figure out how to present myself in lutes. Because they're a little, uh, psychotic up there. Well, listen, you all have a great day. Listen, like I said there, I was... It's entertaining. When I went, I went to God's house for a time. But listen, I do enjoy it. Right. And I'm glad to see that you did branch out there a little bit. I'm not going to branch in and out. Right. And I'll do this until you have earned it. He isn't doing great. And keep up the good words. And have a great life. Thank you, sir. We'll see ya. Right. Bye-bye. God. 1032 in Wild. We have an open line on our center square and Broward. Let's not slack off down here. Okay. Let's not just assume that the rest of the state's going to take care of fat old Neil now. All right. I don't go for that crap. I want to feel loved and coddled and fondled and stuff. Uh, Fort Lauderdale. Wait a minute. My mistake. Fort Lauderdale. I'm still in like two years yesterday. It was. I felt so good about that show yesterday. I wanted to come back and do it again. I was hysterical. I was saying. And by the way, for the guy in Loots were on again today. Just in case you haven't tuned in yet, you asshole. I'm sorry. I heard that there was a mass accident of bridge jumpers in Tampa yesterday up the Skyway. Yeah. Well, that's a pubic service already. Green Chinten. Yeah. Get it. Is it worth? Now if we could just send a few of them over there. Yeah. I think that's the, how come the paper is here? Because I talked to the GM from the US. You went this morning who's just ecstatic. He was just foaming all over me on the phone. And how come, and he said, we got great press over there this morning? How come there's no press in this God forsaken town? Well, one of the most monumental things in the history of broadcasting happens. And our people are busy writing about a bunch of crap. Is this a no a clock paper? I beg your pardon? No. No. I thought it was. The Palm Beach Post is a cox news paper. So you know it's full of crap. Fidget. That's what Cox, uh, enterprise of specializes in is dispensing crap. You can just like just on a fanwagon. That's how they hired me. What is it? It's just on a bandwagon. All this like, just a soldier like you're the black. What is this have to do with anything about there? No women or black talk hosts. So what about it? So if they were good, they'd be on. They had Sandy Peyton on here for years putting everybody into a coma. She's not here anymore. She sucked. And it said, it said some about, I, uh, Mr Eagle Bank Debbie, I'll list to be on. Yeah. What does that tell you? It tells me I have no words for that. Yeah. It's unspeakable. Well, I just want to say this. I'm glad that you get to, uh, shake up that section of the Bible book. You people listen up there. And then he writes about Randy Martin's sir. Oh, no. Not Randy Martin again. I want to call my brother Mike. And I'm the idiot. And what's the entire pesking troll? Idiots. All right. Thank you. See you. Good call. Little enthusiasm. That's what we like here in South Florida. We like people who are at least still alive or putting out a good act. One of the others always good. Because we got a lot of people walking around here. Like you people over in St. Petersburg, man. You got all thousands of people who died years ago and are still driving around. Nobody told them they're walking around and driving around. And then they wait till they, uh, street things says don't walk and they like kind of water out in the middle of the street and dairy at him. Huh? Guaranteed. The walking dead. Anyway, God, this thing is moving too fast. How about that extra half hour again? I'll show you Mike. 1035 on news talk radio 610 Wild. Let's sell a fit to get up better. He's reach out. Oh. He crosses our own musical. He's got him got the principal. No, no. The candidates are left above. Ever seen me again. The position's stand is above. dür ahead tonight. In a distance from under. Through Canada and Brown Out Now, I know I'm pronding nobody's favorite song Do me a kick from us as they never got the love They know come for us and now we're proud of simply all the love So man, they're talking and they're getting me a say So man, they're gonna let me go man I'm gonna go for a go the way And for you, I'm a legend of love At 1041 at Wild, Joe Ramirez over at Sierra Telecom services in Miami Facts as me a map of the state of Florida that gigantic oozing peninsula I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive And thank you Joe, so we can like put, well, it's not one of those big enough for vivid enough Or even massive enough that we can stick stuff into it, you know, like little pins But it's a start like an invernous hello Hello, hello, yes sir Yes, I'm calling from Invernous Well, that's incredible Where is it? Where is it? In Citrus County In Citrus County? Yeah, it's about 30 miles south, let's go, Cala Oh, are you? About my horse country By who? Horse country Are you right, right? Is it in what I said or did I miss speak? Oh, and this is a fat capital of the world I never saw so many fat people came up He became up here He had a browned county about a little over four years ago Yeah My neighbors were Columbia neighbors turned the house into a cracked giant and we had to get out so really I'd had a niece up here and the, it'd be visited and it's real rural if you like rural this is it But we sure missed you Neil and Well, this must be quite a discovery for you, isn't it? Oh, it was And we, we listen now to Orlando have been listening but you can bet we'll be Curing to this station from now on as long as you can bet your bottom thing on that so you're in I can't get over how you've cleaned up your act. I have Yeah, my God when we left there you were really wrong you Yeah, well have to work on that God, we brought up with us the asshole song right we bought that and we can still say Yeah, and we missed hearing that howl and deal the early bird and I want to know is Alice Rand tail stolen She's on a little station before Latterdale about six watts. It's called the light bulb WFTL if you live like right under the transmitter you can still hear it Is that right and she finally got how about Shirley peated? Surely a Peters is doing like change to name to a goldie honors something Or now she changed your name to Mitsynas jica thing this morning Gypsy, oh Brian or gypsy rose Lee or something and she does a show on serity night when she sits around and tells everybody how to be as fat as she is Nice lady, but he's enormous gigantic Yeah, almost fat enough to live in citrus county Yeah, we send her up here. She'll be right it. Why are there so many fat team men sit for scouting fat in my life Large and now did they also like have fat on the back of their neck Well, that would see that all you can do up here is eat and have sex really and So they do both. Oh, that sounds good to me. Oh Probably a lot of fruit and probably a lot of fruit up there two in citrus county. Oh, yeah, I wouldn't be the least bit surprise There were a lot of tomatoes and anything that rose lots of fruit a lot of bugs is you yeah Sounds really pleasant About Steve Kane. Oh, he's on that little light bulb two over there Moon is peddling his wares and doing a lot of million spots and just to try and desperately to eat out of me You're living yeah, well now listen, are you gonna stay Stay the way of where you are? I never heard such boring people. It's in Orlando Well, you're not gonna hear any boring crap on here other than this call. You're gonna are a lot of excitement We're gonna keep it alive. We're gonna keep you on your toes pal You're gonna be doing the green apple quick step every day when I saw him this same p times this morning Well, what did it say? Well, it mentioned that you were gonna you know that WSUN was putting you on and all the we almost have a baby here Really yeah, we've been invited to that probably all that fruit So I'm so happy that I got a chance to talk well call us again someday when you're really bored like long Have a great day. Thank you. Yeah Good luck to you. Bye bye and same to you. How do you like that? A call from a guy who's tired of all the big fat disgusting y'all who's in citrus county It's my kind of call. Why would that be? Why would there be like one county where all the big E enormous you know what I mean about like fat on the back of the neck that's like a real redneck when they got like two pounds That's like Bob Lassiter remember? I mean Lassiter was an interesting guy because he stole all my material I made a whole career out of it other stealing other people's material But he's the only guy I've ever known in my life who had fat on his eyelids Yeah, I'm serious. He wasn't just fat he had fat like I'd he had like fat on his toes and fat on his knuckles and fat on his eyelids Oh, he got right that's what he looked like What ever happened to him? Maybe we'll get a spy report on Lassiter We have two open lines guess where they are they're both in Broward come on Now don't take it personally okay that we're ignoring you come on you can do better than that and Broward We still love you. Maybe from a distance at five to four Wild day day land hello good morning. Yes, sir Neil There's a guy finally got to camp. I come down here for business once every three weeks. Yeah, and the friend of my got me hooked on you Better than how it started you better than the Perry Harrison and his and his wig rip what up Who are carry Harris? Yeah, you know When he people up in New York you got star you got all this as good as Arlene Francis. I'll tell you that But let me tell you these y'all who's I live up in Hillsboro County if I got relocated Right, I don't know how I ended up there, but I got relocated there and I'm suffering because you know what they call when you go to the supermarket There you trade you don't buy you don't go shoot chop You trade well, what are you trade out? What are you trade them? Yeah, they trade you know you well we go to take like a hundred dogs Stuff from the backyard and you say oh here's my sack and you give me a sack. Yeah, I want you know like trading post They're real y'all who's and I have a lot of problems if they thought I was a cool Australia When I got there But you believe that post real ya I believe it. Yeah, I mean these guys So you need to make a few more trips to crystal over there and then you'll feel more at home No, no way just open up the track and say fill her up baby No, no man and they write it from big run around the Tampa they think campus a big city Yeah, I know that and Tampa it's at a clock at night well it is compared to Bridenton. No, no, let me tell you y'all Y'all I stopped in the webinar Or the deal for Auburndale. That's over by Lakeland right? Oh, I've been in Auburndale man that is and you talk about fat people you talk about all the all the young women are running around like eight months pregnant And they're sorry in barefoot and tattoos on their butt and they got like their things hanging out It is a credit card Listen to this one. I mean Joe Paloco is too sophisticated to live there I got out of the car and I was dressed up. I was going up to Orlando for business. I think I had a hell of a dairy. They got a good dairy queen over there I was wearing two notice in all redneck towns. There's like a dairy queen in the center of the area What is seriously? What is these significance? I guess that's the only queen they let in town is the dairy queen I was wearing a some head suspend this and they stared at me all the people and we can now I mean and they said and I came over and I said yet $10 up up and up a five and she said thank you Parton sir and I said $10 up up number five and what an amitune yeah, and you know and they're all Well, they don't like your kind over there at Auburndale So you need a few more tattoos on your body part In fact some parts often they're just kind of like tattoo a number on your arm just to make sure they know who you are And they're all named Eddie Lee and Bobby Joe and Jim Bob and Bobby and Danny May and Danny May But I love coming down here with civilization. I do business and that and I got to I got to be grateful my friend Bullio who put me on to you know, you got to listen to the sky and let me tell you he's the best and that's right man I really agree. I'm I'm glad I can't wait till Monday when I get back home to Tampa Boy I can't wait. I'll listen to him. But emotional. Oh, no really I'll tell you one thing I spoke serious last spoke to the general manager Bob I can't think of his last name And I don't really care but he's a good guy From WSU when he's not a Yahoo is a good guy and he is so excited about this He was like doing some assaults right on the phone like every now and then like a toe would come through the receiver the guys going crazy God The Yankee sucks sir almost and I'll tell you who else sucks really bad is the cubs suck I hate to admit it because I'm a died in the will cubs fan but last night here We get another chance to get to 500 and then we bring in the get's still in the game I have no idea how cuz bosky stunt we're still in the game and they bring in this Dennis Rasmussen Who even the pod raised in what another washed up reject the he's released I know it and this guy gave it blows the whole game and he eighth inning gives up five runs and down a toilet man The cubs have just got a death wish. That's all I can tell you Yeah, Neil and You'd get the spy friends. They're gonna reinstate him I sure hope not cuz he makes me puke okay, and I hope that Alan Finkelson at Papeno Park is listening because he oughta take that Yankee ring and his George Steinburner Pictures and Burnham right now George Steinburner is a slime ball sir, okay He's the worst thing for baseball since Don Zimmer left the cubs Have a great life. Bye. Bye. Oh look at this here's Andy comes in from the nose real mr. Matt's oh you guys finally want to game I told you we'll cure your illness over there the cubs can make anybody rebound okay We'll get you off the mat you got three more to go. That's that's a sweep right there guarantee get the brooms out Andy and fly away on it God we have an open line of date 75 one Andre Dawson is God. He's it that's it. He makes that great catch last night. He drives in a run If we had like six or seven Andre Dawson's a line up and of course We don't want to resign him cuz he's too good for us Anyways 1050 a news talk radio 610 Wild Express in this program and unnecessarily those of 610 Wild red spots 1055 a Wild we have a real troublemaker on the bat line you bet I'm a troublemaker you and that that idiot friend of yours with that ring That's been making all those illegal You something right now. Yeah, you talk about the national league the great national league Right, you're gonna give the pen into the match the way you guys played last we liked we like to help the underachievers We like to help everybody. I look at the Dodgers they lost 10 out of 11 when they played us they kicked us five out of See we like to help everybody And we're still lost and you're still lost again and Type the game at four four and then we bought a great match picture a national eager in who's that and he gave the game away Works the lead man who was that who was that and the game who? Yeah, damn Burke while that'll teach you to get that loser. I mean if they didn't want him how would you think he could be? Well, I just want to show you now regarding Steinbrenner. Yeah, the man spent more money in harness racing We don't need him in harness racing. We already got enough. We already got enough unpleasant people in harness racing Okay, we don't need him. We already got Kelly Shepherd. What he's been good to me? This is not to count with you see that's the problem with you, Alan you judge everything by your own selfish little interest Okay, now what's for the benefit of baseball? That's what good for the human race. What's good for Alan J. Fickleson? That's the problem. That's what I mean In a fiber you I'd say I go over and see Julie surges right now and sell him that Yankee ring That and get some money for it and get it out of your life $1000 dollars right I get taken over there right now and I put it in a handle on Thursday night We can use the money. Okay I Underdoorks Oh, I'm gonna beat the hell out of you when you get here that guy from Sarah soda He will take a week to get here. I mean that's the guy from Lutz get it straight Where ever the promise roots? Take care of your health. He's another guy who's your cup from Lutz See a Thursday Hey, boy now if one isn't bad enough now we got the olive oil and I'm a guy He what kind of a phone is this It sounds like crap. It sounds like you got the olive oil in the phone The worst It's amazing we're talking all these people from like immaculate and invernance and places that haven't been in there phone Sound just beautiful and you come on here from like Boko wherever you are and sound like a geek How you doing? I'm coming along. Yeah, takes a little while though. You're still sore after that gallbladder thing Like weeks It's almost all gone. Yes It's yellow. It's yellow. It's kind of looks like you as a matter of fact It's got that kind of like peel carrot complexion The flames Yes, I like to go to your answer Yeah, all right, thanks in your pants. So wrong show for that Oh, although momma momma momma momma momma mouga booga. That's it now you're getting close They're gonna be simultaneously his show in immaculate understand. That's a perfect place for it You think so I Sure, hope he's listening. I have a feeling is because I have this cart from Jim was that engineer's name Jim Remember that the vulture cackle. Oh, what the hell was his name one of our chief of Jim? Oh, God it's on the tip of my I It'll come back to that. Yes Did you hear him call Rick and Spuddy? Yeah, he's all of a sudden mr. mellow and there's no hard feelings and he's like in retirement now and he's over there at the you float him and Big daddy lickers having a good time and Yes, you didn't hear that. Oh, man. I might play that again today Jim yelton Jim yelton. Thank you so my dad's Jim Wait a minute Jim the vulture yelton and the carts got to queue up again He was the best to cackler and it's to the bird. He was almost as good Well listen, I'm feel it better now. I'm gonna go home and take a gigantic tuna fish in a mind just have a great afternoon I know as a matter of fact, it's Tuesday. I'm going to mommy's for lunch today So it'll probably be like a double tube Tuesday today Really well, I sure hopefully took a lot and it became out orange we understand it by the way good Good Okay, that's it. We out of here already and the news is coming and we're gonna come back and Rick and so it's a two Tell Florida zoos traffic and weather days Radio six day W I OD my amy for water meal in the Palm Beach You Those talk radio six ten W I OD presents the Neil Rogers show they could attach and talk with Neil dial seven five one W I OD from day in Broward. It's five two four W I OD outside the real five area code toll free 1 800 944 W I OD and Bell South mobility customers make a free call by dialing star I OD the opinions expressed by the guest host or callers and not necessarily those of this station Now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 W I OD you know, I never we'll wise you'll be in a little bird I'll be so complicated If you miss the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 W I OD you missed this The bird yeah, bird how you doing okay Anything because I can't stand listening to you you sir. I could do spag do Can I ask your question before you go oh god I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you Not just to tell you not to say anything just play something I can't stand it well then why are you listening? Already why will you answer my You want to see he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car level 06 the W I OD we have our Lakeland Correspondent on the world line What do you want? Oh Wait, what do I want? I hadn't planned to call you what kind of a hostile way is that to start a friendly call? What do you want you sound like Stan? Well, what do you want? Dan Boy, why have you forgotten Stan? Now I just did that up He's also gonna call in and plug his he was told me the other day that the carry him in Tampa overnight on about a six watt station Everybody can hear W Right is the call letters by the way. That is not made up is W Wendy radio I kind of thought as the end I don't know Boy, you know that you know you I thought you had mellow did listening to yesterday you've gotten worse What do you mean worse your bitter and hostile come on you're the bitter and hostile one I'm not me call me Mr. Mellow after they took that gallbladder out man I'm just as mellow as a pie as a puddle of jello they neutered you just about yeah When it does he ain't that baby out Well, somebody called me yesterday and told me that this is happened. I didn't hear you yesterday Show they didn't call me to have to two o'clock Wow, and I turned it on how wait a minute when you said somebody was it somebody we know? No, it was somebody from down there. It wasn't Johnny Dork. No. What the hell is wrong with him is he slipping? Johnny Dork. Oh, he's probably listening to Joey Reynolds now. I have nothing no doubt. Oh You want to hear that you want to hear some incredible radio I don't think it's worth to drive down you think he was bad on sheet No, I think you could pick you a him up there. Oh, now that's true. Yeah. Oh, man You get up early tomorrow, man. You'll just do some or salt. I just you won't believe it What will I do? Some or salt? Well, I don't think you'll do some or salt, but hey, hey Am I doing it? It might work. I'm Tonya. Well, how amazing to hear your voice after all this time? Right. Well, you know, I heard that comment yesterday about the good times and the bad times And it brought a tear to my eye We had a lot of good times really good. I have no hard feelings. I mean, I heard some of your in temperate psychotic behavior But I can understand you're a little uh You're but listen you got it great Absolutely It's 44 years old is in retirement is have to put up with any asshole management anymore Because it has to come out all those heavy uh fattening meals anymore exactly now speaking of that meal I was remembering yesterday at this meeting when I was at IOD this was 1980 I had this meeting fairly long meeting with boy Gary. Yeah, and I remember vividly saying to boy Gary You know don't you think we could get an 800 line and I was called absolutely not right? It was there was no budget for it The cost was prohibitive and it was a bad idea They used the money that they were paying you for the That's why I thought that I'm a spy for this line and I could be given credit This is the bird line. Yes. Yes. I think we're gonna start calling it that from now on the bird line Let me make you feel better. Yeah, we want you to feel good about it. Well, I do know seriously how are you feeling? Oh I'm human the best in memory good I'm not one of those bitter hostile people like some people in I really don't I wish you're be buddy the best Well good. I'm glad to hear it. I do not have any hard feeling Honestly with the blessing of the skies. I see that isn't that what they always say? It's amazing Right it always turns out to be that's what they told Randy Martin too And dick sterile But what the great thing about you kneels you never throw anything away Yeah, and you got that gym mutant card. Yeah, Rick and put Played the Glenn Hill disease yesterday. I heard that I heard your call. Yeah, good I heard your call And I just I thought it was great. I thought it was probably one of your greatest efforts in a long time Yeah The bird line. Yeah, I think it's a great idea It is you can be our like weekly correspondent. Are you gonna call every week if you wish? I mean you're in retirement Well, I'm really so this is a way to keep in touch Well, I'm really not pressured for time. That's true. I understand The week that the man you pick your own so to speak. I pick don't do it the same you know me I don't like I don't like predicted billet just when the elistic specter rated Maybe I should just follow Paul Harvey Jr. Every turn there you go. Well, no. We don't want him every week He's you know, you know, he seriously I got a confess that he tried to talk me and To do in the olive oil and the lemon juice to get rid of my gallstones instead of that operation And it's the only smart thing that the man ever said in his life. It's just if I would only done that I'd be so far ahead of the game, but the hey, it's over. It's out. It's done and I survived it that's it Well, good glad you feeling better this two shall pass. Yes, as they say in the executive House my phone your phone sounds dynamic especially for Lakeland. It's a panasonic So WSUN comes booming in there. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, it's just I couldn't believe it. You know The best part of the deal is that those Yahoo's at WFLA from what I understand not being allowed to respond or talk about us or They're like tight-lipped and waiting for the bankruptcy to go through and they're just having a fit Well, they're okay because their FM will carry them they have the FM's power pick right and that's a you know big rating So they'll be alright and That's kind of embarrassing when you have to be carried by your FM. Can you imagine us being carried by the coast? Oh God Yeah Yeah, I'm gonna I think I'll upset call him that for now and that's very good call him that when you speak to him at do does Yeah, he's like legendary at do the oh, I'm they all walk around in that same like in that old the fishermen shirt, you know That he wears with you. Yeah, he and salty saw what I made a good team. Yeah, the late salty saw oh late He died like I said Did it rely okay, here we go He's alive. We'll put Chuck Mironia Simon. Yes, and it's good hearing from you good I'm I'm serious. I know you don't believe that but it is Oh boy Gary's in the other oven says God it's great having him on especially for free Yeah, he likes this You'll talk to you next week. Bye bye 12 minutes after 11 at Wild we have an open line on the starline star iod And out of town 1800 944 Wild that was the bird it was shocking Oh, I get the little emotional excitement when I hear that 12 minutes after 11 on news talk radio 610 Wild That's the latest news traffic and weather info each morning with Mike Granary in the morning information team Just before the Neil Rogers show 11 17 at Wildy what did he say at the end of the caller the bird because we were being distracted Blake Gary was in a residual I didn't hear what he said and it was something bizarre Huh? Did you hear what he said? No, I didn't Neil. Oh, I don't have to play the tape back Robin So do it by the way Robin Robin the jeweler folks. Thank you very much. You know what I need what you need? I don't want to sound like a free Loder but I mean sometime when you get a chance you know those little tiny screwdriver's yeah For my glasses because I got a screw loose so to speak. Okay No, I'm just I've just mentioned that because it's funny you call today and that it's your birthday because I was thinking the other day If I could free load I mean get one from you and Guess what my dad was nice enough to give me the day off today. Well, wasn't that nice so he can drop on off here Exactly me I thought front desk don't come inside though. No, I have to come inside Slide it under the outside door Robin Don't even come in the building right put it in a brown paper sack So happy birthday to you. Thank you very much Neil and I'm getting all the articles here from the same Pete times WSU and joins the all-talk radio fray and I have a shocking thing from inside radio here. Oh, geez I heard some of those calls yesterday from those ladies Yeah, what happened we had a ton of women call yesterday. There must be pissed off now because then I call today Why do you use that kind of language? No, no, but we had a lot of women who loved it though. Yes, oh, yeah, and the show too Yeah, you did Dozerlando so how was it here? How is Orlando? Yeah, I don't know I haven't seen him like Okay, I haven't gotten a holder and lately so to speak Yeah He's running around his underwear somewhere All right Neil have a great day Robin. I'll probably see a little later. Oh, geez coming around 2015 See you later. Bye. Okay. Good guy chronic anyway inside radio This is the most shocking yet in a kind of ties in It says Rick's clarr Dead now most of you have no idea who that was Rick's star was a radio consultant for years like WABC in New York It says from complications following minor foot surgery at New York City's Roosevelt Hospital yesterday morning detail sketchy Deathshock's clarrs New York colleagues. It wasn't supposed to be a life threatening operation sound for media anybody Here's the guy he was 60 it would have been 63 in November. It says Goes in for minor foot surgery. It says it's amazing because he was always in great shape He was in New York City marathon and goes on and on and on and on papa papa consultant for this one ABC and Mike Joseph and he goes in for minor foot surgery and he doesn't come out sound for milieu Neil he asked Oh, we got a call from Loots Yeah, this airs roots again. All right. What's going on? Yeah, I guess I made a mistake about you. You did make a mistake so you did that was like a kind of a preliminary evaluation Your words and I thought I am You know you can sit down there, but you know something you're back listening again today You know you're real brace it down. Wait a minute. Oh, wait a minute. Let me see it again Let me see it again. Why are you listening again today? Did you have another radio action? You think you're brave anyone can call someone a name for far away anybody you call in anybody can call in from Loots and say I'm covered on air and taking care of what is your problems or why don't you find something useful to do with you? It's just a problem. We get in care of what and get together We will take care of the problem. Really isn't a problem It's you You really you'll be the problem. You don't say That's right and what is it that we've done to offend you so deeply sir You're a friend at you all here saying picking red nags and picking this picking one think that some kind of a chicken Chicken one That's that's real funny, huh? Picking what pick it like your nose No, no, no, no, are you picking your nose sir? Are you picking your nose? If I was picking my nose, would I be talking to you? You're on other words you can't do both of the same time Yeah, I could well maybe Jerry Ford can give you some lessons, okay That's our correspondent Loots who's back with us again. Oh, he's really upset. God is he upset? We're gonna get together take care of the problem. He sounds like H. Ross P. Row with that guy, don't he? A little bit probably got the same haircut We got an open line on the star line at star iod if you have bell soft ability They ever figure out if that works over there the bell soft mobility. I kind of doubt it and two open lines in Broward at 5249463 1121 on news talk radio 610 wiod Tomorrow night speaking of birthdays at chef Cohen's birthday up at the pizza trough and I'm gonna be there from 5 to 10 And the PM tomorrow night just picking out me in fat rich and Animal be up there and who knows who else in our friends from Camilla, South and we'll have those best of CDs and tapes So then that way when you pick up all the best of stuff You'll still be able to hear it in the years to come after they come down from Loots and take care of the problem You know what I'm saying the world's best pizza Whether you like the thin style in the York style or the Sicilian pan pizza or whether you like the real Spicy Fugaz of pizza with the spice onions and special sauce and all that good stuff They've been doing it right at pizza law for over 17 years now So come on by tomorrow night upstairs at 69th and flagler just east of the Palmetto and sample all the goodies like they're award-winning lasagna and Stuffed shells and manicati and baked CD in their great eggplant Parmesan and baby cow Parmesan and lots Loots more a lot's more so be sure in the stop by and bring Jeff a whole bunch of birthday See what I'm bringing them is just myself. Okay, Jeff if you're expecting me to bring you like some expensive gift tomorrow night Forget it cuz I'm bringing myself which is the most valuable thing that I can do it Don't forget all the snap-in products will be half price while we're there tomorrow night 2 from 5 to 10 at the world famous pizza law 266 51 11 266 51 11 11 11 11 11 11 1 1 see you tomorrow night y'all Last night our guest on Groberg at night was Christina who's new show appears on Many of the CBS stations basically it's very simple TV. I find this lot's simpler than doing a magazine tonight The debate rages on the lift all the key players will be here Bruce Mathison Which buck holds representing the Lippton and Mary Collins stayed county commissioner Domus join us for gold bear good night tonight at eight on South Florida's news traffic in weather Station news talk radio 610 W I O D Find a Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers We love you. Yeah, you're making us talk Other guys walk Arrow we love you now you're running in first Arrow we love you got your camping a worse will you say y'all sick of the good old boys You want to move to DC and make some noise but we still don't know what you're all about But that's okay When you're fixing the plane we hope you theater met their own sleazy game Arrow we love you know you don't need a plan Don't go and blow it now by taking a stand you say you got a better way Now as a married and no one's gay keep out spending your own joke and we'll Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Arrow We want you Arrow We need you Arrow I don't think there was a call from Lutz after I think there was a Larry King set up And I'm gonna do it that if you ask me 1127 a question to said that again. He gets upset when we say acts Should we talk to a lady in North Lauderdale? Hello? Hello Neil. How are you? Great. Good. Well, I just want to call you and What where is Lutz anyway? That's a good question I would have given my left arm if you would have been on in telehouse when I was in school up there Yeah, won't that be great when all the punks go to school at FSU at Gainesville? Yes, that's that I'll be able to tune in WSU N620. Yes, I would have loved that and then they can all go down here and March and Lutz That's right. That's right. I just want to tell that guy I prayed in Lutz I want to tell that yeah, I'm a little bit that we love you down here and then she just get a life and then Yeah, but out of our business. Okay, pali but out go pick your nose in the hallways somewhere and butt out of our business and stop being a chronic pain If you don't like it go somewhere else and find a life. I'd said to do with your life instead of being a hostile and hysterical all your life But I know the funny thing is you can't turn it off Yeah, exactly here we've been on now for like six and a half hours down there or whatever that five and a half hours And he's listening every minute of it. He probably even listened to Rick and Spudius today just because he has nothing else to do I'm sure. Yeah, of course probably really he's probably really inspired by the Supreme Court ruling Now is probably burning crosses all over town Uh-huh. He's got his voice. Just to exercise his freedom of speech. Of course. I don't have my freedom of speech, but he's got his Isn't that interesting all these young who's they can do and say whatever they want that's okay But if somebody says something they don't cotton to if I can say that that all of a sudden the first amendments like well, I don't count that don't count no more Mm-hmm. Yeah, this is long is just something along their lines Right exactly But anyway it's great talk to you and I'd want to tell that y'all who again that we love you down here and just go get a life Yeah, I'll talk to you later. I'll never get a passport to come in here anyway. Okay. Have a great day. Bye bye 1128 you got to have a passport and a green card to come in e-sports paliante that right now. Okay, so I'll cut your crap I'll put on in the center square and brow it at 524Wild. Now I don't I've heard of a lot of I mean lutes is pretty interesting and What was the one we had on yesterday and she hung up before we could get to her from that really bizarre sounding Uh-place Don't you remember the one that you had on hold and L. Joe being oh God, but I would get for a call from L. Joe being today, man And that guy in lutes says we're making fun of the L. Joe being I mean who the hell gave the town a name like that? That's worse than aint Dream, man But here's a cob Yeah, worked. Are you a dumpster? What? It's bokeh. Bokeh. See you. Oh, what? I'm not hanging up on you. I was not your fault. It's George for being such a sucker. Well, worked in it. A cob. I said what's a cob? Is that like corn cob? I don't know. We got to get a map Well, that's not about the backwards. What's wrong with that? One is like I realize that when you call you 100 numbers. Yeah. That you guys know who called. All right, with all the 100 services you get a list of all the members. Be threatening like that. Well, the guy from Lutes. That's right. We get a list of all the phone numbers from whence he called. Yeah, he's pretty stupid. Yeah. You're going to come down here especially coming to Miami trying to make a threat. We're on your memory. It'd be pretty funny. Yeah. Much of clothes. Well, uh, we'll draw my map on how to get here. Okay. Come right down 79 street. Okay. All right. You uh, see a Sally Fitz just on the news. I heard I thought she wasn't going to be on. So I kind of like pass a whole deal. But I heard she looked like hell on wheels. Without makeup. She looks like. She looked like Rick just squatted on her without uh, not standing up. Unreal. Mm-hmm. Let's look at her. Task boss. It kind of rye. It was covered up as. Test up because it's going to last in a minute. Well, now that she's uh, you know, been busy all these years. I'm going to point and figure out everybody else and making these hysterical, giggly, uh, you know, every time somebody else gets beaten up, I wonder how she feels now. It's amazing. They're going to take about three hours to get her out for ready for the air. Mm-hmm. I just wanted to see hello to the shaft of the Sally. Well, taste the paramedics a couple hours just uh, ready. You know, how do jump started? But I like to welcome all the uh, lightning fans. Right. Yeah. So they've got baseball with they get hockey. Yeah. I sure hope they get like a real, I, I guess they're building a real, because that uh, sundome or whatever they're going to play and that's uh, joke. That's not a hockey place. Yeah. That's bad. It's like big. It's like, in fact, you're going to be sitting, you're going to have to have binoculars to see the ice you're going to be so far away. I've never settled up on it. But at least it's a start. Yeah. I guess it's right. I'll be going up there for a few games. Will you? Oh, yeah. I'm unfortunately. I'm a cast family. I guess if the Leafs ever play over there, they might have a shot so I better go over and catch it. I can probably go watch the game with a guy from uh, from Malutes. Yeah. He's probably big hockey fan. Yeah. Yeah. He don't like putting the mask on, though, because then it's hard to pick your nose. All right. Well, listen, have a great day. Hey, Tom. Good sucks. Okay. Yeah. Hey, Tom. God, George, you are so you see what I mean about these people. They believe anything. But the guy was right, because if he would have just said, Boca, we didn't ever go on to a right away, because we're all excited like this new play toy. We got this great new line and uh, people in Palm Beach and all these play. People we could have heard for many times. It's not that exciting anymore. It's just like pedestrian and one of the mill crap. 1132 here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. I never held for so long. Yes, you have. And on the phone either. I bet. Okay. Um, I was glad to blew marks. Do go away. I can tell you that. I know I know that. Perfect. I was going to say I was going to criticize Rick Riley for it. Because yesterday he tweeted our new fan friends from the west coast and wherever luches like idiots. Well, this is a bobo and this is this is that I need help. Yeah. Hey, definitely does. But after the call from luches, I sort of reconsidered. And I'd say that I got from him was just relaxed and um, um, I guess it's kind of hard to face meet life without a country music. But he was. No, I don't think that guy was even a country music. Because when he called yesterday, he asked because where's our son country? No, no, he did. Yeah, of course he did. Well, he would have kept saying is there's no room for you over here. There's no room for you over here. Because I don't like whatever you're saying. So there's no room for you. Because I just decided me and my buddies. We just decided we had to decide who can be on and who can say what. I mean, what kind of crap is that? What kind of little fascistic dictatorial mind are we talking about over there? It's a p-roomer. Yeah. But would you say something we don't like? And we're just going to compete to crap out of yon general principles. We don't like it. What kind of mind are we talking about sir over in lutes? But he still listening. He loves the hell you're getting off on it right now. There you go in the in the radio too. You bet. Have a good day. And you too. Thank. 1133 in open line in day 751. I want to know what the bird said there at the end of the call. He said something. I don't know what the hell it was. Something provocative or interesting or maybe not so when I don't know. But it was just I don't like these distractions in here. Keep boy Gary out of that room. Here's a mobile in Indian rocks beach. Indian rocks beach is on a golf coast between St. Pete Beach and Clearwater Beach. All right. How about you that station puts a way from lutes right now. Yeah. Thank God for that. But I'll give you an example of what lutes is really like. It's this outside of Tampa. Yeah. And dusty roads are wrestler used to live there. That answers all my questions. You had his name in the phone book. Roots, comma, dusty, the American dream. Oh God. The American nightmare. And he was used lutes. Big is claim to frame. I guess outside the the cow paddy toss over here. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Lutes is a big big swing and time. Yeah. Sounds like it. Yes. And also I want to let you know about the hockey teams. Yeah. Then I can be playing in the dome. Oh thank God. Yeah. There's a lot of crampy places. Oh, but everybody said wasn't for hockey. They're going to be playing at the forward of fairgrounds in Brandon. In Brandon? It's just next to lutes. No, I know we're Brandon. Yes. I've actually been in Brandon's. Yeah. I play in the cattle exposition hall or something. Brandon's another one of those towns that has like all the on the main drag there. They got all the fast food joints like 600 next to each other. Right. They're going to hot McDonald's and KFC and all those other girls. Yeah. Yeah. This was say hello. I never heard you before. I just heard about you from other other people. Oh, they took it. Well, I'm glad to hear you on the radio. Well, thanks a pile. And today because I got my radio tune to all with different stations. We only get about five. You can listen to here. Right. You know, I heard of him. There is a gun. You provide something interesting. I heard one way that there's no room for us. But we're squeezing our way in anyway. Oh, that's right. He said, I don't even quick. Couldn't quite make out what he was saying. He was going to get some guys from Carol Wood. What is that? Well, that's a fancy neighborhood in Tampa. Carol Wood. I can't imagine they would let a guy from Lutes in there. But now they're probably all Jewish. Carol, he's going to be in for a big surprise. He's in for a real shock. Well, listen, have a great day. We still haven't heard any Jewish colors on a West Coast. I don't want to get the guy in lutes upset again. 1135 at W. I.O.D. That out of town line that bird line is waiting on you. 1 800 944 W. I.O.D. It's I better say the time again. See, I got caught in that 1136 on news talk radio 610 W. I.O.D. 20 of baseball action this weekend right here. Join us Saturday and Sunday for the best American and nationally. Tell me why you're on TV. Kiss my Sunday. Lee. Oh, boys, that's a story to do. What? That sounds like crap. God, here we're trying to put our best thing forward for all these new leesters and we put on a cart that sounds like kiss my Sunday. Lee. Oh, just not in that condition we won't. Let's do a mobile in the gables. Hello. Hey, how's all those young who's up in the north end of town? Welcome aboard. They're picking it pal. I'm telling you, I'm up in Tampa, I'm glad to know that I can listen to you guys when I'm up there. Right. I got a related. Even in Carolwood and Lutes. No, in Lutes, Lutes is glad I love food. What is Carolwood? Carolwood is like the candle of Tampa. Oh, my God. All the yuppies live. They're not going to let him over there and Carolwood. And the funny thing is, they'll be delivering a pus out of him. Well, if the funny thing is, there's not a single Jew in temple terrace. Oh, really? They're not allowed in temple. They're not allowed in temple, as in terrace. I see. I got to relate a funny story. I'm going to go over there in Naila, Mazuzop on his front door. I'll tell you that right now. Sure. Well, they got a Jewish mayor, but don't tell anybody. They still live and realize that yet. Oh, Jesus. I was going to play golf for the golf course in my, and this goes back a couple of months ago. The young lady working behind the counter was listening to Bonnie Ray, let's give him something to talk about. Ray, how's it, Rob? I never heard that song. The real life version. I heard your version. Yeah. But while you know what I say, you know what you're listening to? She goes, yeah, that's my favorite song. I just knew like that song. She goes, I love it. And I'm telling the three guys that I'm playing golf with what she's listening to, drown the trout. And they're cracking up. And I had no idea that that was a legitimate song. Yeah. That's because I'm Neil Rogers. What an emotional experience. I'm I'm telling it was like, you know, I died. Too bad we can't play that today for all our friends who are out there, deep sea fish in a golf course. Well, I really felt like an axle without a wheel. Yeah, that's how I feel. Well, anyway, you know, I think I think in honor of our new Northern visitors or people listening, that we should acclimate them to the way we do things down here and play. Be true to your shoes for them. All right. All right. See ya. Do it. Look, I am. 1142 at WIOD. We have an open line in date, 751, porrum, 751 WIOD. Hi, Alia. I've got no LGBT boy here, Neil. What? You have an old LGBT boy here. El Jobeen. I still live there. Is there really such a place? I hate to admit that I'm keeping my voice low because I don't want anyone to hear this yet. Or are your from sir? I'm from El Jobeen. Please, put me to there. Is a place called LGBT? Right. So in other words, you've been in El Jobeen. I mean that LGBT means, there is it. It's between Engelwood and Port Charlotte on the golf coast. Oh, yeah. And it's on an ex-state road 74 as you're as you're heading east towards El Jobeen. Now, this place, if you blink, you miss it. It's like two eggs. It's basically like three trailers I think I think Raleigh is really from El Jobeen. I just have never seen anything that vivid and that massive. Believe me, you wasn't talking about LGBT, but it's an absolute dump. It's a hole in the wall. Isn't it amazing, though, that you notice how we're getting most of our calls are like, I mean, we've had some from Tampa and St. Pete, which is, I guess, to be expected in one from Orlando, yesterday in Tallahassee. But most of them are from the, like we're warming our way into all these little looks and crannies. What do I mean? That's what happens when you when you start express, especially over there. There are so many little towns between here and the West Coast. And especially, you know, you start talking about the areas between, you know, you've got some pretty major metropolitan areas. You got four mires in Sarasota. Oh, wait a minute. Major metropolitan area, four mires. Oh, you've spent too much time in El Jobeen, pal. Probably probably probably. Yeah, but for Florida, at least for that area. Right. And then in between these little poldons, one horse town, they just pull a little red necks. They, they probably never been like 10 miles out of there. See. And they think if they hear anyone or, you know, anything that they're not familiar with, they're immediately offended and immediately, uh, well, like I, he wanted to be offended from the moment he turned it on. He was just dying to be offended. By guarantee he isn't going every minute. He's loving it. He's like a star now. He's like our lutes corresponded now, man. He's probably going to call you every day and he's probably bigger than dusty roads and lutes right now. Exactly. Hey, that believed me. Uh, that dusty ray doesn't take much to be bigger than dusty roads and lutes. Yeah, I'm sure that. Anyway, listen, I saw Channel 7 News last night and Sally, Sally was an on the broadcast. She was on the show, the interviewer. Oh, if her home and they showed her like putting flowers up and running around shed like a big catch on her eyes. I heard she was putting the big ice pack on it. She looked off and you're right, too. She said her eye was bleeding from inside and, you know, was really scary, but they had a lot of them. Oh, that was on in her place sitting there with Rick. She's had worse emergencies than that from what the rumor mill says, believe me. Well, um, well, and out, yank those babies out. I don't know about all that, but apparently she, she was really shaking up by the whole thing. Yeah. This is, this has been a real lot about, uh, Leslie Stahl from CBS. Remember, she came here to do a thing a few months ago and she got mugged in a morning and then mugged again at night. Yep, and he'll just because we wanted to give her the feel of the, uh, the lay of the land. But this is from your home town station. Right. Now, this is your use. There you go. I'm telling station. They're going to milk this for all its worth it. It was the first 15 minutes of broadcast last night was on this subject. Yeah. A smashing wrap. I heard, I heard, you know, you know how they're always staging things when things are boring. I heard Rick Sanchez did it. Okay. Wouldn't surprise me. Just the rumor. Would the surprise me at all. But rumor has it that there's a spark plug missing from his wife's car. So you figure it out. Have a great day. The car now. See ya. When some show on me, I'll try some fucking down and says he has a large account of vision. I tell him right away. Now listen, he acts good, they can't hear her. I show it's number one in the nation. Oh, I'll just say give a dollar for so many through the show. I'll just smash my eyes. I'll just lie you into your I'll just smash my eyes. I'll just smash my eyes. I'll just smash my eyes. I'll just swear that it will start to smash my eyes. I'll just swear you'll just smash my eyes. I'll just swear you'll just Yeah. I knew Bob Yomoki and broiler didn't go. It sure is both. I wear it everywhere. When I go round to other agencies. They don't go up to say. So be true to your Now he's popular now. But he's aبatsu in ancora. Oh just repeats for real.udding abbiamo You'll forget Rick and Sugs, he was 60, so after the new year. Good job. He is so insecure and so wippy and so just go on and do it baby. In fact, today they got the Payphone Challenge, right? Wait till they hear that over on a West Coast, man. God! Oh, speaking of that, here's Russkin. Yeah, I want to tell that truck driving sheet, towed and bugger pickin' molly. He's not in about a two-time looser. All right. That was probably from A-Cob. Let him 49. A-Cob, boy did he? Oh man, George is face just to an orange, so he's either having carrot juice for lunch or just so he can't handle it anymore. I'm calling from A-Cob and hey listen based on all the other names we're getting. I mean, if we got an L-Job being, we can sure have an A-Cob. Could we? You bet your man. Hey listen, it's just life, okay? It's just whatever it is, just a smile and laugh and a puker brains out. It's 11 till noon on news talk radio 610, W-I-O-D. Oh, see, yes, there are stations that pipe in crap and it doesn't do anything. Because it's garbage, it's boring, it's like bush-bing bang, and it's like Bruce Whitey-Oms and it's all a sin crap. So what the hell do you expect, Gabe? Okay, just like you put that big fat cow on for three hours every afternoon that comes from a pot somewhere that he's sitting up there on his resting on his laurels, okay? With his $80 billion and his big 600 pound body making fun of the homeless. That's that boy, right here at the best man, you're all heart, you slime ball. Here's a call in Naples. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm dying over here. Yeah. I mean, really, you know, it's a slow death. The one we're looking for. Hey, listen, if you want to hurry it up, call that guy from loot. Still come down and speed it up for you. I never heard of that guy outside of what canforcy. That's right outside of Tampa, it's a great place and he loves us. He just has a funny way of showing it. I have a feeling he's going to be calling every day. He can be our loot score responded. We got the bird, we got the loot sky, man. We're already off to a great start. We got one synagogue to ride by just left camp for Australia. He just beat it out of town. Who the hell can blame him? And they've got a Jewish guy in Naples. I'm unbelievable. My wife thought I was in a bad crowd over there, so she brought me over here for a split. You know, the, the most amazing thing is all these Germans, you know, in the summertime here, they, they, they take advantage of the rates. I mean, there is more under our arm here on the women here than my whole body. All together, right? It's where it got. And control yourself. And the clock shows over here, Neil. Yeah. I'm telling you, you know, back to topics. Yeah. I mean, topical. Well, that's why they have all those right wingers like Heinrich, Kimler, Jr. and all the other ones on. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. And do they love rush? Oh, a bit. I'm telling you, it is like they're here up. They just let me 12 to 30. Just wait, sir, you're going to be surprised. In the months to come, you and others over there will be shocked at the tremendous. And just two days, we've turned that entire part of the state on their enus. I'm coming back. I'm going to kill myself. I'm telling you. Now, why? What's wrong with it over there? It's quiet. Is it quiet? Quiet? The weather's nice. You got your pelicans and you got your dog track and you got your, uh, my Jong and shuffleboard and it's wonderful. And, you know, but there are no horses. No. I mean, don't they have, um, they could have horses. Wait a minute. I mean, you might break up as early in a couple of years. It isn't, it is now post time. The horses are at the gate. Oh, you sound better than he is. No, no, he is very, that listen to me. Let me ask you to, at the Naples, I know they have dog tracks. That's very big over there. Well, it's in Ponyd actually. Ponyd is spring, but don't they like, Simal cash, don't they do like Pompato, Pompato, Pompato Park and call it. So what's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? There you go. Make a life out of that. Well, until you're broke. It's a, I, I, I, I broke. You cannot make a living over here. No. I mean, you know, I thought you went over there to retire. No, I am 45 years on that. You went over there to work? Well, what the hell do you do? I'm at broker stock broker. Oh, man, you ought to go into sheet business. You can just go crazy and return about three weeks. Yeah, especially after yesterday's, after yesterday, man, you could go, you could sell like two by four so they could all make crosses. Yeah, well, I'm telling you, between. You asked for a Jew from the West Coast. Now you got to do such a for me. The greatest part of all time. I haven't heard in a while. Right. The guy who, who screamed at the bird. I got to hear it. I already played it because you're so desperate. Did you hear the bird call? No. The bird call this this morning on the bird line. I heard you say something about the bird. But I didn't realize that he called. All right, listen, I got to run so I can play it for you. Okay, you know. Take care of yourself. Happy for him. If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 WIOD, you missed this. Has this the bird? Yeah. Okay. Listen, do me a favor, play anything. Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. No, just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God, can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I play something already. Why won't you answer me? I can't stand it. You won't see. You won't see. You won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Why don't you answer me? Why don't you answer me? You won't see. You won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Well, he's making a comeback. I'll tell you, it's coming out of retirement to just spread his wings around the entire state of Florida. Isn't that great? We have an open line in Dave County, 7519463. And right now, after we finished with our Jewish piezon and Naples that out of townline, you can be on it, man. When we come back and you know we're just grabbing it like crazy. If you're like an acob or any of those exciting places, one 800, how come we haven't heard from all those out of town? From yesterday it was great like St. Pete and Sarah Soda. God, we heard from some almost alive people in Sarah Soda yesterday under the age of 200 and 1-800-944-494-63. Don't forget, Rick and Sods and man, they're going to turn a state on its ass with the payphone challenge to the 6th this afternoon. Now, Florida's news traffic and weather stages. This is truck ready to go 6th and WIOD. My happy Florida day on the bombings.