I am in Pimbus. I have no previous one. Who's talk radio? 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show. The current touch in talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day. In Broward it's 524WIOD. Outside the 305 air code. Toil free, 1-800-944 WIOD. And Bell South Mobility customers make a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest hostric callers and not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio. 610 WIOD. Broward my fellow hurricane fans on the roadmen that came to kick some f***ing ass in 93 don't forget it. Hey, believe this. This is Chris Robinson of the Black Crosse and I used to weigh 92 pounds. I was a cow man. Then I got on the slim crash diet. Now I'm a deathly grim 48 pounds. It's great. The slim crash diet is so easy. I have a deep breath for breakfast. A deep breath for lunch. And a sensible Marble cigarette for dinner. The slim crash diet is fast and look. No more shove in my fingers down my throat. Like they'd fit. The slim crash, the official diet of anorexic looking rock bands like the Black Crosse. From the makers of the Keith Richards' neutral heroin diet, the abuse as director. This is unbelievable. Do you see this thing about Alphonse Demato? I just saw this. It's true me off man. Senator Alphonse Demato, right away from Republican New York senator, came to shock John Howard Stern's defense on Tuesday calling recent FCC actions of violation of free speech. In a turtled letter to outgoing FCC chairman Alsaic's Demato said what concerns me the most is the strong impression that these actions are being considered because of political pressure from narrow interest groups. Therefore urge the commissioner reject these narrow minded calls for punitive actions against Mr. Stern and to preserve our constitutionally guaranteed freedoms. How do you like that? I am an imbosal. Right. That is incredible. Even Ma, he's all right. Demato, he's kind of like Casper Milk toast. So anyway, Adam is over there. At Flora's right now as we speak, you can go there immediately between now and six boys. He's going to have a long sighting day right? And get your Camille's house stuff, your best of Neil and best of Rick and Sads, your CDs, your cassettes, your t-shirts, our total is 50,965 big ones going in a day. I want to have a big day over there today, man. Keep Adam busy and buy some stuff too, all right? And look at that! Look at that! I can't believe it. We got our new 800 lines in today. We're like covering the state and I talked to our friends in four miars. I talked to those geeks. Now they're pretty good guys actually. What's their name? Frick and Frack, Joe and Stan. On WRXK, K-Rock and four miars this morning. I was out with a few minutes and I was out with a guy from the newspaper over there. It was a little slow, but a good guy. A little slow, like hello. But that's going to be exciting Monday when we start in four miars. But now we got actually like the date people don't have to get screwed over. They don't have to get short-changed, although many of them were at birth. But they don't have to because they got their own lines. And Browers even got their own lines as usual, which of course nothing's going to happen there. And we got the now three actual working functioning, amazing, puking, green 800 lines for like, just straight to the right. And the same guy named Broward. Look at that. God is that exciting. So I guess everybody's going to want to talk about David Letterman today. That's going to be the big topic David. You know what CBS's going to do? The same goddamn thing they did with baseball. Remember CBS wanted to get baseball away from NBC, so they paid millions of dollars. And they lost their ass. And now they're going to give David Letterman 16 million, because there's no way that NBC's going to counteroffer because a Leno only gets 3 million and CBS is going to get lettermen are going to give him 16 million and even if he beats Leno which he probably will even though I think he's highly overrated if I dare say that to our punk and do historians I really do he's he's okay he's got his moments but it's much into about nothing you know and 16 million how they're going to bring back that revenue at that time and I they're going to have to do like Sally does it's just one break take a break take a break they come back for 22 take a break in her head is spinning at her little pink glasses are puking off her face there's no show it's just like one break after another kind of like this show so that's going to be just incredible how they were going to make back 16 million dollars per David Letterman doing a late night show that just the month the revenue I don't think is there but hey and the marlins are really doing it we got Dave excuse me I'm not hitting too much anymore magneton and Charlie Huff Charlie Huff who's 45 years old what is Wayne who's inky thinking about man char and tonight we got the big hockey game which it's going to be close to or maybe even a sellout at the arena so grab up your tickets now and go see the lightning and arranges lightning are due to beat somebody right just out of revenge sake to beat the ranges after shutting out my leaf six nothing on Sunday beat the crap out of the ranges tonight guys okay do it do something wake up and step the adaptibles at 730 at the arena tonight so we got a lot of crap going on but I just can't look at look at the we got all these colored lines in here now we got your yellow day lines in your blue broward their blue because they're sad blue is like a sad because they're never lit like now oh there there goes one must be a wrong number and the bat line and the star line and the three 800 lines which are all lit that is shocking this is that this is the day we turn the corner this is the day we just stick our thing out the window and find out which way the windows blown but don't open the window because they got the helicopter from channel 7 on the launching pad back there did you smell it go on the hall and smell the gas it's coming into the air vents and we're going to be sick as crap if they don't get that them helicopter send it over to Somalia okay put Rick Sanchez on there let him squat over the country are they doing that yet by the way on channel 7 news are they squatting over the map anybody see the CBS movie last night at nine o'clock with Patty Duke that was a great movie true story I'm not too much into those things unless it's a true story but it was a true story about how the girl jealous of her best friend since like she was five years old and she and her other psychotic bitch friend they killed her and then they blamed on somebody else and then she moved in with the mother what a story just a gut wrenchy story and Patty Duke by the way is a great actress she's good and Loretta Swift looks like she's been mummified then she she looks like she's in madam to south's wax museum and they got like made her into a dummy they got her in trillacost do you see that movie great movie but doesn't Loretta let us wait look like brittle like she's a mummy now she's but I thought Patty Duke was really good anyway I'm sure nobody watched that they were probably too busy watching something probably like the comedy channel we have a two-opper lines on at board we got this big bank of flowing lines and look where they have to do it now you really stand out Broward now that we got like all these extra lines they stand out like a sore thing man look at that but we don't need them anymore that's a good part we don't have to bitch about Broward because we don't need your calls anymore here's a lady on the starline hello hi hello how are you doing pretty good I need to miss a make you feel this is information Wednesday you came to the right place great first of all where can I go in person we pick up on the Rogers unbelievable t-shirt right at this moment you can go to flora's on 79th Street just east of Biscayne Boulevard you know flora's of pizza in Italian unfortunately I'm just way down south how about anything little folks or down south with no can't do it can't do it but you can call and if you got a visa or mastercard you can call and uh huh about how long are they taking to get out too long because you probably wanted for Christmas right right after well come on up to flora's you got nothing else going on today well you're right about that too well come up it's I just come up to 79th Street and go just eat across Biscayne Boulevard east and it's like a blocker to east of Biscayne on the left-hand side as you're going east of the road you can't miss it it's like a landmark for us has been there for about a hundred years well they had these identical twins on Bob you banks today on whatever channel this is and I can't pay any attention to the show and they got this hot babe that they just sat down in the middle I think we're gonna have like a three-way here in a second so after you're done at flora's the stop-by and we'll let you see the tape got okay thank you bye bye wow you know what they say about identical twins don't you I said that to Georgie to give me like a blank stare well they say that they like kind of you know check things out with each other that's what they say but it's probably just a rumor we have an open line on a sterile hunt can we watch at star iod here's now why aren't we using these other lines huh come on let's get these people on here to help with these pedestrian local assholes Tampa yes sir yeah I was wondering if maybe between the during the commercial between that movie if you happen to hear Randy Rochale tonight no I did not I had a friend of call from Randy last night but combed down okay he's getting a little psychotic yeah she was upset because of uh that you were gonna take her up here no they're not gonna take her off the year you would say and they weren't gonna pay her her money or she went into this on the year oh she went into this on the year yeah good good for you Randy well she I told her to just be patient that they're putting some major things together over there and if she'll just calm down a little bit and stop trying to be psychotic then into a couple of months she's gonna be making a big bucks like a hundred or two hundred a month you know well she what she did is she had the pay the bitch foundation and gave the phone number to call Velvita yeah and I called this morning and apparently according to the secretary they had a math of a telephone call good and they're gonna pay the bitch are they really yeah great a girl Randy sticking up there and knows man what they want to do is they're trying to whore off of us and make a radio station for nothing and they're doing it for next to nothing already so let him cut loose with a few bucks for crying out loud I have never seen such a bunch of cheap mice to and you know I was on a phone this morning at nine o'clock with the guys from the FM in four miars the sister station of wwcn that were going on Monday and four miars and they were treating me like royalty man and it was exciting gonna have you over here and then the guy from the Fort Myers newspaper call I mean they're playing the thing up so big in Fort Myers you think it was the biggest thing that ever happens since Polka Hanas dropped your thing on the ground and Tampa man we're having a work like crazy to get these assholes off the ground right I talked to Tom Belvita and the new GM there this morning and they sound like they were in a coma you have we are but that's Cox broadcasting see that's one thing I learned five years ago you just have to keep beating him over the head and screaming and yon and eventually they finally just give up now I heard another rumor that I I E.D. or I O.D. was going to be sending a direct signal towards Tampa or something like that is that we're sending a direct one yeah a direct signal how do you do what do you mean by that I don't know boost up the signal so that we could pick pick the Miami well it would be the purpose of that you mean so then we could get it off of that but as we can't we can't go up our signal well screw that you and just just come right out of Miami in the Tampa we can't do that until we go like a hundred thousand watts that's when our psychs gets out when they start forgetting about all that stuff January 20th we're going to million watts hey yeah okay listen thanks for the great news man okay we're good Randy is the goddess have a great day look at that man we got an open line on the 800 line this is exciting now see now I don't even care about power anymore screw them they just want to sit back and be passive that's what they're best at that's what they do the best they drop this open and ever stand up again he is still the biggest asshole Tom never Tom never great timing man thank you you bet see how he just blew out of the control room just before I came back on a year you're not fooling anybody Tom by the way a lot of happy birthdays December is birthday month here at Wiod December 5th was John Freeman's birthday is he still around here December 6th was George's birthday December 8th Alex and Rudy Rudy Renaud who's Rudy Renaud in sales Rudy which geek is that which sales hole is that I don't know who that is today Phil costan and Nilda can we feed Nilda today you think we get enough food in here to feed Nilda for a whole day even Sally struggles to be embarrassed by that and December 25th sunny Hirsch and Scotty McCullough Scotty Mac and December 29th Becky soback so it's birthday month here at Wiod and how come they're having a cake in the allowance and the celebrity allowance today downstairs at three o'clock after some of us are along gone huh how come they're having a problem is a very expensive delicious fatening puke sugar inducing cake after we leave trying to tell us something a mobile and lake worth yes sir how you doing I bet I put them red socks you're on one of our new green lines man this is the most exciting day of my life that's great every one of these lines is with MSU wish we had like 500 lines and got them all lit up and could make people wait like two days to get on the air yeah red socks took a big step toward the panic in bank head yesterday Scott bank head to Lula bank head come on seriously it might as well be to Lula bank let me ask you a question what that are my the only one that's getting nauseated by this revolving uh... nobody knows who the every day open up the paper okay David Cones with the royals now and Jim Abbott's with the Yankees now and uh... who else i mean it doesn't make any sense every star from every team is like all over the place and madax is going to be and how do you like that maniac madax who turns down what was it thirty five million dollars because he wants three million more great is he out of his mind i don't i don't know how anybody can really be a true baseball stand when uh... you know one day the next day of the gun i thought prostitution was illegal except in Vegas course madax is from Las Vegas so maybe that's where he's get a comment from you know but other than that what's the story these guys are nothing more than horrors we picked up uh... even called around in a trade how's he been doing the expo's last couple years or get it the only hits against the cubs particularly at the at least twenty homers with the red so no well you know it probably uh... get jack parks syndrome a probably bankrupt in six months it seems like everybody at any time they can how about the marlin signing uh... they've made it and who's you know that's at least a player we know but how about Charlie huff Charlie huff is old enough to be your grandpa he could be no one ryan's father he sold i can't wait to see those knuckleballs come floating in at your hobby there could be a lot floating in at your hobby because i'll be there i'll be floating out to okay listen have a great day and uh... go socks you do not okay never socks are all right they just ugly god are they ugly bring back uh... who's that third basement for the red socks what the hell was his name all little come to me man any second it might open line on the out of town line one eight hundred nine four four wild you guys are free now man you got it made in the shade tempah and clear water and saint peat and for a pombie jann all over the downplace date tona and deltona and four pierce and they probably still won't call but it was flash made your flash here yes there's just been a grave announcement in the houses of parliament in London oh no it's a visual here john major announced that can die are separating really you will have a little details okay john major in parliament you know those british people and i'm sure we have some of them listening the biggest bunch of panzy's on a facet of the earth they are now seriously they are so ridiculous they're living in the dark ages that the biggest bunch of prudish ridiculous assholes and unfortunately that's where we get this whole tabloid mentality we inherited all the bad things that go on here from them all this uptight crap about sex all this obsession with the stupid that there's a royalty crap what the hell is that all about with kings and queens morning news traffic at weather tomorrow morning here you're the great you say where you are hi this is Jim love your show new love you love you by way baby ten forty at wild and the star line just went out look at that i was just about to say and we were going to go to the star line next and i was just going to say that it's almost sexual excitement in dozing to look at all those multicolored to this new phone thing man this is exciting what are we doing for food today by the way huh we have no idea how about wain Arnold huh no a hot dogs by the way okay we're just not in the mood for white hot today because they're great but they're a little too fatty for us one a health kick so lots of nearly burgers with that great greasy bacon no i love the kneelie burgers huh no seriously the hot dogs are a little too greasy for this hour and a morning come on Marie come on way and you can come on down here great mills won't look uh what else was i just just oh yeah so Adam is over at florist on 79 just decent of biscating will be there will six o'clock and especially since it's already the 90s December if you want to send off the best kneel of cd or cassette or the t-shirts or any of our rick and suds paraphernalia you want to send it off his a holiday gift like to your punk up in college and gainsville or wherever they are or to somebody else here it's a real good idea to stop by there today and pick it up like personal just bring your checkbook or a lot of cash and uh animal take good care of and your stuff too colorage hello colorage is gone oh yes yeah oh man they live in stuff out of me scared the shot out of me yeah well i'm to carry as you sound like it almost so k-paso pal what's up i'm what you're doing big deal i'm doing great today i feel tremendous my ears are opening up my uh everything's opening up they're here okay that's good there yeah hey i got a grip to play on a bone to pick that's here let's pick it together pal this is all in a minute rick Riley for the first annual tank goldberg kissy face award what do you do now he's always sucking around with his people that call about star trek oh yeah i don't buy on your gym bussel he had some guy on the other day talking with some of the two bucks i'm kind of collection he had yeah and that they're going to be worth all kinds of money well he has no scully as this guy i'm talking to that's his problem if you could ever grow like just a little one just a beginning of what i might develop into something serious he has no scully as what's however and we're having to surgically checked in there is no evidence of any growth or the scully is have you ever any of you want Jimmy cepalo what are they going to get him off of there uh beats a lot of me all i'm like the ultimate fascist i think he's like a all right some kind of secret agent really he has down here probably he's so boring man i can't deal with it in the morning yeah i got a quest yes sir and this is the real reason you call me it it's a nice for play before you got into it go ahead and i don't know what are you going to play around so further people or what is it the case he can take i've heard so much about it i've never heard oh we played all of time you mean the one with the dog yeah it's in the machine now if you say goodbye real quick all right just in your tour that's you you're a great sucking dude say goodbye thank you sir but up to our long distance dedication and this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand whether we have kids or pets or neither it's from a man and Cincinnati Ohio and here's what he likes dear kc this may seem to be a strange dedication request but i'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it recently there was a death in our family he was a little dog named snuckles but he was most certainly a part of let's come try to get from coming out of the record play the record okay please when you come out of those up temple damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions and then you got to go into somebody dying you know they do this to me all the time i don't know what they all they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a slow record i don't understand it is done on the phone okay i want to damn consider that for it to come out of a record that isn't a being up temple record every time i do a damn death dedication now make it and i also want to know what happened to the pictures i was supposed to see this week it's a god last damn time i want somebody uses pinbrain to not come out of a damn record that is uh that's up temple i gotta talk about a ptentor dying what is this pinbondrous man pondrous pinbondrous so anyway just talk to Adam down at floor as he said get your asses and gear and they've raised a little money already this morning but we need a lot of people to come by there and cut loose with the with the change okay and also with the home show this weekend Friday through monday we're gonna have a W.I.O.D. come out of the house booth set up there in the Miami Beach Convention Center at the home show where we ought to be able to raise tons of money but have all our commils house goodies there Friday through monday so i'll get with the program Johnny died today for by the way the entire state will be pleased to know that i said asshole on the FM and four miles this morning they were very enthused about it because they worked for some we have an open line in date 751 and one of the out of town lines 1-800-944-WI-O.D. here's a lady in Fort Lutterdale hello yes hey Neil nice to talk to you and i'm on to tell you about a French-Tenadian attack uh i was at my public grocery store last night and they had a taste affair where they had samples of hands and beef and egg nog and apple cider they were tasting it yeah they were there in so forth i mean they were all dressed up like they were going to a wedding or whatever and i'd say there is at least 50 cars in the uh parking lot was a Canadian tag on them and it was the biggest event of the year for them because it was for your mind they want to be free oh they were they were and they were all smiling and and standing around just like they were standing at a bar i think we should take all the food away from the French-Tenadians and set it to Somalia we're not being fond of it about what time you started that i would go for a big time that's an excellent idea you bet i'll suggest that to my manager okay take care Neil do it bye bye see you here's a pepper pines hello deal yes or no better than call the day you get a new line what is it i should do better to call the day you get a new line treat all fire like apples again no we're not we're just through a doinemen order pal we're trying to get everybody in but now that we have the extra lines i mean you can wait like extra long which is great okay wait to find by the way i want to say this before i forget it i'm not doing it on your time but i will anyway norm can't on the light bulb calls me at home yesterday you talk about rip-offs you talk about stealing letterman with a top 10 list and all the other talk about joe stealing other people's material norm can't call me yesterday to tell me in a very sheepish an embarrassed way that he is stolen a term bull shot from me and is using it on the ear now can you believe that that's your lawyer shameless display my good friend an attorney and i'll see him in court stealing uh words from me get a better lawyer and who what our shot had so anyway anyway don't want to talk about very bond i mean everybody's calling on the jerk of the turn you see that you see the press conference yesterday no oh you didn't see it i thought when he was in tears and he was all choked up in willy maize letting him use his number again that was re all in his childhood hero and the tears were just flowing man i thought he was going to float away like uh freaking out as in wonderland yeah he was crying all the way to back yeah i mean he was like just like a child but he was in salton and could be turned down how there he turned out 35 million i'm gonna tell you something just wait till he's played about a month out there and at freezing wind and rain and cold and nasty and they got like 3,000 people in the stands he's going to be he's going to be really ruined the day until he until he gets his check. Happy day. It's like when i come in here every Thursday and i think oh geez am i still here at this crap hole working for these nose pickers and then they bring me the check and i say that's not that bad. i'm still and i'm worried about the uh the penguin i mean they're using that in first place usually they have to come from me. Oh give me a break. This is the time when the penguins are so dominant that they're just like smirying the whole league. Yeah they don't they don't know how it is to be in first place as early in the season they're going to be they might get to cocky. Yeah so to speak. So to speak. All right looking to look into the Northwest Plus section you got chance under straight scene. Yeah about a drug bust and sun rise, oak and park, read it in a break sometime you'll you'll find it unbelievable. Okay all right by the way. See open line at Broward 524 and 2 on our 3 800 lines. There've been people on there but they're very impatient of you know to step what does their story? Is eight working? Yeah that's working so i don't know why that one doesn't ring the 10 keeps ringing. 1 800 944 Wiodine out of days you data put up or shut up on those 800 lines because we paid the freight on that too that's the thing that's the pretty interesting. Here's Tampa hello. Hey Neil please don't skip that the 800 service. What do you mean we just put it in? No i'm talking about for this area man. We just put it in over here. You're the only one calling on there right now. You should have heard last night. Randy's life will also look for it up one after another. Yeah i mean she was just going crazy. Yeah. She was like yeah they don't pay me enough and i'm well she's right there she's right there. It's like to put around and i'm and supposedly a major market Tampa they don't want to pay her because she's an unproven commodity. What kind of an excuse is that for their cheap abore disgusting behavior over there that i think that this one will horror us and use us and manipulate us. Well the thing you got thing i can't understand is why has it unless you went down the money to get out another like a there's a post to be like this big time station for cops broadcasting everything. Why haven't they ever went together to buy it to buy a local talent? Whoever said that they were big time. They said that? I want time somebody said that they were. Oh that's a funny thing they've ever said in this company. Oh if you were you weren't listening to Randy last night's up? No. Because she had this one call on her. We said that they have a promo for you on WFLETV. No it's not a promo it's a spot in WFLETV as we've been through this before. Isn't owned anymore by the people that own the radio station? No I know that. Yeah. And the other thing but still seeing it was amazing. Yeah they actually bought some spots there. They're very crappy weak spots but at least they spend a little bit of money so the least they can do is give some to Randy. Yeah. Postal County pay report. Yeah. We were going down you we're going up to the US 19 of the Spring Hill and Hernando County and we were at the stop point and all of a sudden right behind us who pulls up I share I share our step by the car. This is at night and once the light turned green everybody started moving we moved about we started to go the sharp-hawked as horns everybody kept more whole. Then all of a sudden, probably hit the lights everybody's creatures to all of us. He knows us for a huge ticket. And we're going to hit the 80 dollar ticket for like running a road. That's not bad. Come on call up. You went. I'll give you the 80 bucks. They're loaded over there. No problem. Yeah. Randy, you'll write you a check. Don't do it again pal. Sure. Sure. Okay. See. Okay that clears out those new eight on this is the whole big semis we made about having three eight hundred lines. They're all empty. Everything else is lit. They're empty. There is nobody listening. Thank God we got four Myers coming on. You mark my word Monday. We're going to have some action and maybe you're caller two. 1-800-944-Wild. It's sitting there. This is D-Day. This is like going to the lightning game man and just waiting for something to happen. South Florida Zoo is traffic in weather stations. Here's the Neil Rogers on news talk radio. 6-10 W-I-O-D. Pass me some of that cool-eyed wood, yeah. Available for the first time. A special instructional series that will teach you to play Malph Getton. You never learned to play a musical instrument. But that's okay. In no time you'll be playing Malph Getton. Learn these classics of them out the time. Smoke on the water. That inspection. And in a cottage of beta the long version. At a little river. Buzzstone. Wow. Wow. A country Malph Getton. I don't hear an air. I don't hear an air. I don't hear an air. Order now. And get this special bonus. The quintessential desk drummer. Malph Getton. And desk drumming. No batteries, amplifiers, cords, or talent required. From this. Okay. It's 11-06 in W-I-O-D. We're back on a very momentous Wednesday. It's the day that our whole new phone system explodes. Right into your radio. It's the day that the die and Charles, you know, the one good thing about this is finally we don't have to keep hearing about this all the time. I'm roll about you, but I am so sick and tired of hearing. Because quite frankly he is as he's got ears like Ross Perot. And I mean, it looks like I'm walking matchstick. And she, she's got like not a bad face, but she's got a body. She's like, Wendy Bennett. I mean, just flat as a pancake. Even at your mama camp, I'll leave it. Right Howard. I'm going to tell you one thing. If the response on David Letterman going to CBS on a show today is any barometer, they're going to take a bath again that you wouldn't believe. I mean, they're just going to go in the tank again. I don't understand what the big deal is with him. I'm sorry. He's mildly amusing. He does some off the wall interviews. Paul Schafer, I could puke from okay. And I don't care how many times he's been married. How many times his girl he's got girlfriends. He looks like he could float away like Peter Pan on a bed day. Okay. And he's just he reminds me of bird junior. Oh, sorry, bird. He does. He reminds me of bird junior. And you know, and it's okay. And I think it was like a cult thing for that late night following. I think that and I think they're going to be very amazed and she's great. I could be wrong. But I think they're going for our big surprise. Tampa. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was wanting to get the address for that Camilla sales from your socket. Don't eat some money. Yeah, how about the phone number? Where on 11. George card. Oh, just to set it, make the check out to Camilla's house. CA, my L, U S, and it's a W, I, D, Miami 3, 3, 1, 4, 1. Okay. I got it. That's it. They're great. Okay. Thank you. And don't forget Adams over there right now at Flora's waiting to get fed and waiting for you to come by with tons of money. Didn't sound too exciting when I talked to him last hour. Didn't sound like we had too much action going on over there. Which if that's the case, I'm going to be psychotic. Because we've done that a couple of times over there before in the past. Always had a tremendous response. A lot of people came by. A lot of people bought their t-shirts and their tapes and their CDs and their crap and donated some big bucks. We got 50,065. And there's no reason we shouldn't do at least four or five grand over there today. He's going to be their six o'clock this afternoon, man. Just waiting for you to come by and let loose with some and some cash, too. Here's a four lottery deal. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. Yeah. I live in San Francisco, six months here in 49er fan and I love here the other six months here. Oh, 49er fan? Well, I have CDs and tickets there. Yeah. And wow. We come down here during the winter. And I just have an observation. I love football. But you said about Clayton is true. But if you notice when seeing marino's got the fastest release in football, the Clayton in Duper are no longer going over the middle like rice and tail are still and they don't they don't like going over. You don't want to get hit. I'm right. No, when they get it. You want to get a big paycheck, but they don't want to get it. And they get to write you. Well, football, right gets the biggest paycheck and you see him. He's over the middle. He's rocking. Right. He's right on target, man. And I agree to 100% they have to start banks and Martin and they'll go over the middle and when he gets the big rush marino he'll release the ball fast and anybody else. And I mean, this seems very simple. I'm only watching all of them last month down here. But no moss for the Clayton mice do that. What I say. You know, moss, no more than the right. No more with the shades, no more hot dogging, no more the big mouth, no more the device of crap. Sit his ass on a bench and let him cool his damn obnoxious heels and let's get some guys out there who are going to do it. Yeah. I don't believe it. Well, I just seem like they just took you know, and they were younger. Those buses as guys were going over the middle and making the John Taylor type runs after the catch. But now they say, I'm getting in money. I don't want to hurt myself and it goes straight down field when the flight pattern will it's not a time to run a flight back. Yeah. So that's my observation on the dog. Tom, we got their fly over here. Okay. Okay. Have a great life. Thank you. And we'll come in Friday to 13th on ABC. It's the Jason Christmas special. Oh, frosty. The snowman is dead. Enjoy Jason's guest. Freddy Kruger, Michael Myers, the man Slasher dancers and Julia Child who whip up a Christmas surprise. First we reach inside here and the end calls and cuts off with this turkey. Could I do that? Hand me that butcher night. Yeah. And watch his Jason spends a warm Christmas moment with his family. Because the night before Christmas and all through the house. Everybody was dead. Even the mouse. He's the Jason Friday the 13th Christmas special in colorful spider vision. So let me ask you to wait and Murray go to a to Georgia get those by daily onions. I think they did together. 12.06 we got two lines open on our big human guest bleeding board here and they're both of course in Broward at 5.249.463. I want to read this again. This is the best piece of news. This is almost it almost offers hope like for the human race. Like for the future of mankind. This is from USA today. Senator Alfonso Dematerra, Republican of New York came to shock Jack Howard Stern's defense on Tuesday calling recent FCC Commission actions of violation of free speech. The FCC levied $155,000.5 against an LA radio station claiming Stern show was in decent is also considering $900,000 fines against his employer infinity broadcasting in a curse letter to FCC chairman soon to be gone else psychs. Demato says what concerns me the most is the strong impression that these actions are being considered because of political pressure from narrow interest groups. I therefore urge the Commission to reject these narrow-minded calls for punitive actions against Mr. Stern and to preserve our constitutionally guaranteed freedoms. How do you like that? God, frightening isn't it? Wiod Georgia is attacking the food. Hello. Hello. Is this Neil? This is me. I picked you up cold because Georgia is not these are in here, poaching around with the food. Good grief. I called from Tampa because Randy has been on tape up here for a couple of nights. What's going on? No, she's on tape on the night. You don't know how lucky you are. She's on tape the nights when we're carrying this awful U.M. basketball over here and she's not on live. So while a basketball game that nobody gives a flying leap about his on Wiod the S.U.N. listeners are lucky enough to at least get the best of Randy and hear her voice and hear something as opposed to a basketball game that there aren't 14 people in the entire world that was didn't sing including the players. Now I'm serious. If you had any idea how stupid it is that we carry U.M. basketball and baseball during the week. It is just and are front to anyone's intelligence and it's a real good indication that Mike Disney was a moron. To ever go along with that. Well, when is it over? No, it just started. Oh, he's for how long? That's what I say. Oh, shot. Oh, yes. I don't know. It goes out for months and months and now she's on tonight. Oh, good. Why? Getting person. She'll be out of an out. Keep you abreast every day so you can be prepared for it. You're so good. Okay. All right. And so were you listening last night? Yes. And only in and out of a car was she was on tape. She was on tape over there last night. I think so that was night before that. No, the night before we had the basketball game. No, no, no. Test, horrendous just puke inducing basketball games. Yes. Exactly. She's so good. I wish I hope nothing happens and you know, she's gonna stay on. They're gonna give her some big bucks up there. I'm walking out. I'll tell you that right now. They're either gonna come up with a like a 25 30 thousand a month for Randy up there. I'm saying audio's have a great day. You too, bye. Bye. I see wasn't that good that I picked her up. Cole, she had to wait and probably would have hung up. And we never would have gotten her on. We do have an open line on the Tallahassee line which is also the Orlando line and the Gainesville line. Oh, you want the Orlando line? Oh, so anyway, the word is that Orlando will call it an yesterday to say goodbye before his little trip to California in New York. So the word is that he's not circumcised. No more taping, please. Still, Vester Salone's back. In this time, he's headed for number one with a bull. It's fly and a family's alone. I want to thank you for letting me. Vekio Vez again. Come on, come on to give you. Fly in a family's alone. Your gut will race as all Buzzo could read. World is his way through this day loose after wrecked it. There is the white one who watched the kill. The red one who watched the Westy Yellow one. Oh, come and Vester Salone. In the summer times, nothing like a hot gun in the summer time. I'm going to get you. Flying the family's alone. Available wherever. See my automatic weapons are sold. Okay, Adam. We'll be seeing you, sweetie. Bye-bye. Oh, I'm sorry. Okay, 12 17. He said it's really slow. Up there at Florida's. What the hell is wrong with you, people? What do you want us to come to your door and get on our hands and knees and say, oh, please, would you give us 20 bucks a week and give you one of these wonderful CDs or cassettes or a t-shirt or anything so they can help us help the Camilla sounds and the homeless and do something nice for once in your pathetic meaningless life? He's sitting down. Huh? They want? They just won't do it. In other words, there are a bunch of cheap pasties of what you're saying. No, we got 51,000 just about and we should have like a 150,000 to this point after about like weeks of doing this thing this year. If we had a dollar from each of our listeners, I mean all across if massive gigantic swollen peninsula, we should, as know what it is. It's a giant, robbing swollen one and we should probably have like a $3,400,000 in here already. But like I've said many, many times and I can keep saying it, but it doesn't change anything. 95 present to people won't give anything. Trust me. You ready for some live? What? You ready for some live for checking how I'm sticking the night? Yes sir, I'm going to the track. Oh, you are. Yeah. I'm going to the game. No, I'm going to the track. It's track. It's not my. What? I gave my tickets away. I know you gave set to me and I really appreciate it. I did. Yeah. And you and you have the nerve, the hutspile, you're going to the game thanks to us and you have the balls to be calling, you have the, uh, the scolias to be calling here and saying I suck. Oh, he's just kidding buddy. Baller maybe true though. Yeah. So anyway. Anyway, I was wondering, do they have a siren there? By the way, Lisa Campbell just came in here and heard your in-tev or comment and she said up your anus. That's what she said. Well, I just, she's into that liquorice this week. I deserve it. Yeah. So anyway. I was wondering, do they, uh, this isn't your first talking game? Is it? Uh, no. It is not okay. Thank God. At least we'll have somebody there who knows what's going on. So they know when to get excited. Yeah, but I won't know the numbers that Jersey. Well, so get so be a big Spender man since you got to tickets for free. Brian Dam program. I will. I will. Hey, Miss. I was watching from Mark Messier, man. I know is Rangers. Mark Messier's tough. Oh, yeah. But I think the lightning's going to kick their ass. But I hope so. Yeah. So do I. I just hate New York, Miss. Oh. Okay. But anyway, I just want to, you know, different stands. They do their thing. Do they have the air rates iron here? Or, you know, I was think after Rick and says I was thinking maybe they knew this for you. If you know where to Miami, you know where to Miami, your arena is? I don't think blow any air rates iron down there. Probably the best idea. That's true. They have just a little quiet buzzer like at the end of the period. Yeah. Right. Hey, well, you know, baseball, I think say Diane, buddy. I think you're right. You're the first guy with a scoliers to actually put it spell it out in those words. I am such a monster baseball fan. I've been a baseball fan for 40 years. I live and die with my teams. But I'm going to tell you, I'm getting so nauseated between the lockout that may be coming between all these high paid over price goofballs and between the way that there's no continuity there. The players just keep changing teams like you change your underwear. I hate that. It's ridiculous. I'm a bucks man. And you know, lean is gone. Bond is probably gone in drape back went to Houston. Right. And they're probably picking up some and smiling that you got rid of two years. Now smiley was on his second team in two years. Yeah. You just can't. You got to have a scorecard. Talk about not knowing the numbers. I don't know what's going on. I think Houston's picking up some good players. And then the cubs got Steve Lake. How do you like that Steve? Hey. Hey. He's like a catcher. We had like 50 years ago who was stuck then and he stinks worse now. He's like an old man. He's pathetic. Steve Lake. Yeah. They don't even think Bobby Brown can give him enough CPU. It's a mistake on the lake. So what about that Carl Bargaret thing? How is he okay? I don't know. He's an extra buck there. And I don't know about him. I haven't heard except for your guys' news or whatever. I think maybe he finally realized looked around and realized where he was that's starting to get to him. Exactly. Like you have a great time that I let him out of my higher like this. Okay. I think in a game too. Okay. Say one more thing. Yeah. The guy who called in and criticized me because I didn't know that all the players threw him. I wasn't a real nut in a puck him. Okay. Well he's talking hockey. He said puck what's around with that. We have an open line in date 7519463. I sure hope they know hockey in four mires because if we say puck on here they might get really hysterical. Okay. Still right in a lot of letters. They're looking for a clone of me and you tell me that I'm improving in that market. You got freaking open out of his mind over there with this station. You don't even know what to do with himself because he realizes we're making big-end roads over there and his little fabulous market where he's had no competition. And I'm willing to help you fight the good fight over there and you won't give me a couple of hundred bucks a month. There's a Christmas time and you wait until I have a glass of champagne painted my hand to tell me this garbage. That helps him matter with you people. Get a life. Listen for Randy Rhodes tonight and eight on South Florida's news traffic and weather station. News talk radio 610 WIOD. Looking into my bottle. I can see that it just ain't nothing in here. Raising up to my lips because I don't want to waste that last drop of fear. Now I've been drinking for hours but I still got time for one more round. Sports work? You know I get it myself but I can't get up off the ground. I think it doesn't want. I've been bottles empty and another one that I can't even do. Another one because you run at a bottle. Then it's six back or two. I love to drink even more and go down through our local ways. This is the first 75 beers you start complaining that they're cutting out the beer sales at the end of the third quarter. I mean how many do you have to have? How many coal runs doesn't take? Before your need for any creation is satiated man. Got all mighty. We have two upper lines in date. Look at that. That is really unique. Since they got their own lines back that is extraordinarily unusual. At 751 we don't care. Four louder nail on the starline. Yeah. Yeah. Move to a Brower to the hurricane. Got a suggestion for you. Yeah. That's Brower card. Yeah. Why not just slow that way down. The lifestyle up here is Browered. Whaaaa! You're right. We'll have to work on it. What other thing? Too much speed on that I think. You know Randy and that speed. Oh it's Browered up.