I am an imbosal. And now, I have a day tradition. It's a wonderful life. You know it's great to be alive, Bobbers, for so much I didn't realize it's so much to do, yeah. I think I'll go listen to my Judas Priest album. Yeah. Oh, my amy has to talk for me. The greatest football player. We've picked the ball from cold and old like no one's ever seen. We're in the air, we're on the ground. We're always in control. And when you say my amy, you're talking super-pocus with a... My amy, you're good. I amy, you're good. I amy, you're good. Number one. Yes, remember. I amy, you're good. I amy, you're good. I amy, you're good. Okay, that's it. Let's not get carried away. Okay, let's not overdo it. 10-07-Wild. Happy victory day to you, man. It's a little bit better last. Oh, geez, look at that. Oh, man, I just dropped my thing all over the damn... That's an home, and I think it's time to go home right now. Okay, let's put on some more tapes. Let's talk about that operation again, shall we? I'm going to tell you, this is the shlockest radio market. Even you people in Fort Myers are like major league compared to this time. Plan the best of again, the best of the best of tapes that you've heard, like the audience is going to point out that can recite the shows verbatim by Root as Kyle would say. It's amazing. How many times have we heard that tape about the post-Gallbladder operation already? About 110? Hi, this is Mori, for which wishing you a happy Hanukkah. Yeah, 10-18 at WOD, it's the Kakamon Leady. That is. Why? That's thanks for calling Kakamon. I want to tell you, my nephew was in from New York and Naples a couple days. Yes. He called me, he's listening to the program. Are you serious? Are you serious? I'm not serious. I'm not serious. I'm really serious. I'm really serious. And 70, no doubt. Right. How do you beat a beautiful estero florida? Isn't that at Naples, yeah? Listen, I wanted to wear the driving title. I've never seen one. I didn't buy that, Dratel. Oh. One of our sales a hole would be able to me as kind of like a little gift. It's just a little plastic chopstick, you had to know where you should. And I wanted to tell you, I brought stuff for handling those Thursdays. Yeah. It was awful. Was it? Did you see it? No, I'm giving it up. I'm giving it up too. And the interesting thing now that I've given it up all of a sudden, they're going to put it on Friday and it's beating LA law and all of a sudden it's making a big comeback. So I guess now that we give it up on this show, maybe it'll put it over the top again. But I can't, it's just not interesting anymore. Yeah, right. It killed everybody off. Everybody's either killed off or they went out of bus to Florida to wait to die or something. Right? So my comment to that show is, Cocka won't knock him out. Right, you got it. And you go to mommy. Oh, I'm going to mommy's all right. Yup, I'll get another lecture on how I'm losing all my money at the track. Yeah. I'm drinking too much soda and how I keep buying too many new cars. This one looks just like the other one and all. Yeah. All that out of good caucarai, right? Yeah, I'm losing all of the cars. Yes, that's how they are. John, you're getting a car anyway. Oh, I'll listen anyway. And you know what Maurice says, don't you? No. Hi, this is Mari Povich. Wishing you a happy Hanukkah. Cocka won't. I'm happy Hanukkah too. Happy Hanukkah. Have a great day. Yes, you too, take care. See ya. Bye bye. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Stand by for one moment. I'm standing. Wait, one moment. One moment, please. Oh, okay. You're the volume here. We're listening. No. You don't even make sense when you speak. You're confident to teach up every other sentence. And you should be ashamed of yourself as a broadcaster. Well, it's good to know that you are. Well, what was that? What was it? That made a lot of sense. We waited not only one, we waited two moments and you played that crap. I have no idea who that was or what it was, but I haven't. I stay. Oh, and I got a letter. This is the epitome of this entire state. Here's a letter with handwriting that looks like it was written by somebody. A hundred and a half, like by Mathusla's grandfather. And on the envelope it says, Wiod, D's radio personality, outstanding and honest, Mr. Neil Rogers, Karewiod, D Miami, Florida. I opened it up. Here's a craggy. I mean, the writing. It looks like it's been scrolled by a man in his death clutches. Dear Mr. Diana. Dear Mr. Diana is that as an. I'll get back to you, Diana. I don't get that. I'm not calling you because my voice is not pleasant to your listener. I hear you complaint about old driver. I witnessed a gorgeous blonde, very young, with a baby besides her smoking and looking in the mirror and combing her golden locks and suddenly the car circle around. This happened on military trail in Okacabi and West Palm Beach. Yours truly, Joe Kakamon, whatever can't be read the name. Then PS, luckily, no one was around when she came to a halt. He put on lipstick. So lay off the old, lousy, slow drivers with big bank account. At a boy, Joe, thank you so much for your outstanding letter and you're right about one thing. Your voice probably is far too old and too irritating, even for our listeners and forefms. Let's do Palm Beach Gardens on a starline. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm just not that interested in football, but I did go last night. I'm not interested in football, but I did go last night. If you're not interested, we had a good crowd there by the way. I'm going to tell a wise, we had a tremendous crowd. They were emotional. It was great. I showed it. The question I have to you is, Hello. I'm here. How come this is my battery? How come this is so much to cheat, and I have a lot of people who are in the field. You know, I've got a lot of people who are in the field. You've got a lot of people who are in the field. Because that's what it's all about. Why? The main thing is, how come there's no male cheerleaders? I think that's sexist. It is. Now, let me ask you something. Don't you find it bizarre? I've asked this question before. None of these macho people out there. They don't want to hear this. But in professional sports, the only place where all these allegedly, very macho guys, run out of and pat each other on a butt. And then play grab ass. I see that. Now, for example, listen to me, when you go into court, for example, here's a law firm. And they win a very tough case. They get the verdict from the jury. And they like high five. Okay. They're shaking hands. They're high five. They're not patting each other on the push. But in sports, guy goes out there. And he gets like a bunch single. And he goes out of first place. And the coach pat him on the push. And grabs him and holding his rubbing his back. You know, I don't like, yeah. That's the stone that's all about. The same was a suggestion. Yes, quickly. Could I hear Kurt Walton, Chanata. See ya. Boy, boy, talk about a knee to butcher up. 1053, we got our real automation tons now, man. There we go. I want the people in four miles to feel at home. Because they hear that headline news all day. That abortion. I can't believe that radio stations actually pipe that visual crap up. And he put it on the iridescultime. Here's CNN headline newsman. Yo, y'all day on and on and on. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. They report. Yes. 595, just east of Pineau and road. 6 to the orange are sitting there now. List of this. Right in them. Right in the left. And there's a damsel in district on the other side. With the hood on her car up. And nobody around. Helper. What do you think of that? They're busy, man. That's easy doing important stuff. That's right. Boy, boy. Yeah. Thanks for the alert. Gotcha. See ya. I think that really disturbs me so often. You'll see people broken down and they're just desperate out there. And of course you're terrified to stop because you don't know if they're an axe murderer and drag or what. And the porters just very rarely seem to be there to help them out. In fact, I've seen them drive right on by. In hot pursuit of a very dangerous guy who is going like eight miles over the speed limit or something like that. But boy, if you are going eight miles over the speed limit, more often than not there. They are. Hey, guess what? Surprise. We're here and we're ready for you, man. We're doing it. There's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I like to know why you're so negative towards a police officers. Sir, do you want me to rehash the history of this show all over again? No, I just like to, I see you so negative on time. I like to know why. What do you hear me saying? Do you hear the words? Of course, I hear the words. That what is it you don't understand? Why? I see you have a lot of resentment. Is it something you're past or what? No, it's something in everybody's present. People don't pay folks to go and work for them, which are the public dole, so they can sit under bushes and overpasses, harassing the hell out of the public. While people can't feel safe in their house or in their business or any other guy, they're walking in the streets. That's not most of our idea of police work. We're going to go through this whole thing again. I'm not, you know, with every time you say anything, we have to do it disclaimer. I haven't said that all cops are bad or that all cops enjoy writing tickets. I've been through this a million times already. Okay, pal. But in generally speaking, this is the contact that people have with police is sitting out there looking over their shoulder. Wait and get a ticket for going nine miles over the speed limit. Oh, just sounds like you're on negative. I mean, I know something happened. Did you hear what I just said? Did you hear what I just said? What word didn't you understand? I did the bumpy so rude. I mean, we're talking to you. Don't be so rude yourself. You jack ball. Okay. He's telling me how to talk on the air and how about my attitude out of being. What I should say and what I should think. Up your espal. Go right. Some tickets and leave us the hell alone. God. We have an open line of dates. 7.5. One and two on the a Tampa on Tampa for Myers on our big out of state length. That's dead man. That is a door nail. Here's Tampa. Yeah, I knew a good morning to this is all over today, pal. The end of our new exciting experiment. Second day and it's all over. It's nice for you all down there. I know they have a professional football team in the metropolitan areas. Since we don't have one here in Tampa Bay. That is correct. Neil, I just wanted to stand a line here and tell you that we've been listening to you here at work and for the longest time I've been hearing you. That's the top of this joey guy and I didn't know who the hell you were talking about. But unfortunately while driving down Dale Mabri who's a matter of fact on Saturday, I turned your station on and I heard this guy with his high-yest stuff. You weren't in your crystal worry by the child. I mean, Neil, I have I apologize. I thought maybe you were being a little bit rough on this guy. I give him a chance. But he was the most nauseating nobody called him. He was I think he was just entertaining himself. In other words he sucked his what you're trying to do. Yeah. He was not funny. He was not entertaining. He was not amusing. And probably did not belong on the ear anyway. Why is he on there? You'd have to ask boy Gary about that. Our illustrious program, Mangler. Well, the same that no one was calling him. He thought he took a poll. If people thought he should stay on the air. They just asked him. He took a poll to see if people thought he should stay on the air. Yeah, he did a poll. He said, now we're getting because no one was calling him. No. I wasn't doing it for five minutes. So the group of people got to go through all the driving from point eight to point B and I probably turned him off. But he took what people would call in to see if he should stay on the air. And some lady called and said, I guess you have a new person on a night, a female. Said this woman wants your job. What do you mean he was just a B was weird? I just had to tell you that. Wait a minute. I just wanted to tell you that I agree with you. He's a good job. She's got a full-time job here. He's just a feeling on the weekend because we can't find any other stuff. The woman at the night time wants to really eat it. The key new from other sources that she really wanted is job on the weekends. And now I kind of he was just terrible. What the hell does that mean? She wants his job on a weekend. She works six days a week as it is. I don't understand it, Neil. I just want to tell you that. That's really what he's been proud. I apologize for doubting you and he sucks. Have a great day. You too. Okay, overstating the obvious. Of open line on the estate line, seeing again it goes back to what we heard yesterday. Joey thinks that everybody who gets hired on this radio station was taking a job that he would have had. Rick and Sods took his job. Hank took his job. Randy took his job. Everybody gets hired. And what he does not understand is that there is no chance even with a more unlike boy gerian programming. There is less than no chance that he'd ever get hired to do like more than like a weekend job. Ladies and gentlemen, in throw dressing, Tyson's knockout chicken. Hi, this is Iomike. And if you're hoping like a heavyweight, just look for a big goal of tea. Tyson, knockout chicken. Tyson's knockout chicken. You'll never see fresh like this. Oh, nice to meet you. Cry a hot juicy big bite. To all mean patties on a sesame street break. You'll better stay away from Danburg's King. All day, we've got him to get out. Yeah, I'd like a, hey aren't you the guy on trial? How'd you like a knockoff thing with that sure coming up? Oh, next. And don't forget our world champion, Jacket. We got wings. We got thighs. We got, oh, Jack out to the ring. I can't control myself. So do the wild thing. And come to Tyson's knockout chicken tonight. You're hungry as a region. Come to Tyson. I'm gonna have a handful. 1118 at W.I.O.D. here's deer field. Hello. Oh, I'm in for a lot of it on now. Okay. We're making good time. Can't you pass things, pal? Hey, I just want to say in all the years, I've been listening to you at least once or twice a week. You get one of these cop callers coming. Call up. I get so tired of that crap. You know, like I have to justify it. I have to defend every statement that I make and after we caught the history of the Holy, I'm not just speaking for myself. I think I'm speaking for the majority of the public who are sick and tired of paying people salary so they can be hassled at harassed while people who are out there murdering and robbing and doing all kinds of crap just go Scott free. People are sick of that crap. Maybe they're afraid they're going to get a hang nail or something. Yeah. The great intimidation factor, man. If we go and give tickets to people with his bumper stickers on, if we call him up and make threatening calls, we know where you live. We're going to get you that kind of stuff that we can shut him up and we won't be saying that crap anymore, even if it's true. Got to my sick of that crap. Well, like I always say they have more rights and Russian now than we do here. So everything got turned upside down. Well, they're just trying to get out of their system in the next 35 days before it's all over. And speak about communist. Let's talk about Joey for a second because I'm. Yes. He showed the other day which was my wife and I. Yeah. It was absolutely, you know, Bar. The man who was horrible. He has no rights being on the air. And if there's anybody out there that wants to become a radio personality, this should show them that there is an ample opportunity. Well, you know what really bothers me because I've been like I said in a business a long time. And I know that there are some young people out there who've got some talent. But you have to cultivate it. You have to go out. I mean, it takes a little effort instead of recycling the same old tired crap like Joey and Ed Till and all these other washed up, but never was people. You know, co-autumn finds it. I mean, just for a week in, you can call it like Randy for example. I mean, she had never done this kind of thing before. There's a classic example. Caledivates of new talents that are rehashing the same old tired crap at the public wants to puked from anyone would be good. Anyone here is the worst. He thinks he's Henny Youngman and he really sucks. Yeah. Yeah. He's doing sit down comedy and somebody else is too. And it wasn't funny the first time. And he doesn't talk to anyone. He doesn't talk to the audience. He just talks to the year. Yeah. And it was Bud and his buddy Lou Yager and Bill Marshall and it's like a little coffee clats with a bunch of guys saying, boy, won't re great 50 years ago when Vodville was in. It's a real quick. You know what I mean? Yeah. Have a great day. Yeah. When he took the poll. Yeah. He took at the last 15 minutes of the show. Now you can imagine that who the hell was listening to on the last 15 minutes of the show? Yeah. And two other things. He let us, oh, two words. He shouldn't let on the year. He left shot with an eye. No. Yes. If you're listening to the tape, you'll hear it. Yeah. And he also left. Muck sucker. On the air. That's great. And that great. Beautiful. Okay. Hi. See you. I am that hemorrhoid. Nice going, Joe. Hi. This is Jim. Love your show. You'll love you. Love you. Love you. Love in 28. So Tampa, WSUN is on night pattern again now. This company man, they could screw up the pulp. That this is just the most amazing company technically. It starts right at the top with the cheap engineers on all these radio stations and works its way right down to their toes. Just absolute total incompetence and incontinence. God, there are no wonder we're not getting any calls from like anywhere. And of course, probably a watch a call at WSUN. They're probably off the air. Is there anybody on the air over there, sir? No. Yes. Yeah, Orlando. Yeah, you're in Orlando. Yeah. Listen, Joe. What the hell is that mean? You're in Orlando. You're like 87 miles away from Tampa. You're like a million miles away from Fort Myers. I'm looking up here. You kind of like, like, cast your ass on a jam or something, but you come in pretty good. Yes, especially since there are like seven watts night pattern right now at WSUN. Every time I come on air, they stick at our night pattern to see, I guess we did a little too well on the trend there. We broke a two on Friday. So let's give my handy cap again. Hey, the local guy here was, uh, got a traction yourself. I figured I'd listen to you and, uh, tell you scared them. Listen. Yeah. Yeah, we're terrified since we're not in the same market. We're really terrified of them. Yeah, folks. Listen, I got a quick question. Does that all, what, why, I don't understand that. I was talking to a friend of mine who works at, uh, at, uh, cool gold the other day. You called me the other day. And I said, oh, my, say, why in the world would you be on the air in Orlando talking about Neil Rogers? Not even on in the same market. What is the logic in that? What is the sense? I don't know. What is it mean? He said you got a great contract under. So he's my, he's a screwhead. Another wannabe. Two quick. Two quick questions, uh, political. Do you take political questions? No. No. No. What's the next one? Okay. I was down the south floor. And I was wondering how y'all felt about a bush sending all that money to Somalia when you guys need it down there. And the other question was, what was your opinion of, uh, how popular landbodies? Call up our Jim Phillips. He'll tell you. Okay. Now that was the one call we had on his day. Now look at that. Look at that. That is a testimonial to this whole, uh, concept man. That is a testament to it right there. All the other six lines are smoking and the three we just got through spending big, big, fat, juicy, expensive dollars to put that system in the out of town to Florida Watts. They're dead as a door nail. 1-800. I'm going to give this number one last time seriously. And because I'm not going to sit here fooling myself to rest of my life. I think we're sacrificing what was used to be a really hot show for a bunch of nos pickers. That's what I think. I don't want to start in now. But I got roped. I got a last suit into this whole concept by, uh, bunch of, by, bunch of management type idiots who want to squeeze the last drop. Let's put on the best of from 9 to 10. The warm up power. Repeat the tapes. Let's put them on in Tampa. Let's squeeze every drop because we're paying them like more than 375 an hour. Let's see if we can squeeze anything out while he's still alive. That's the concept of this goddamn heartless cold obnoxious company man. Now where are these people? Because I'm getting really porked off. You're in Tampa? Yeah. Well that's pretty exciting. Interesting huh. So are they on like 6 watts today or what? What's going on over there with that SUV? It's not that on the nighttime up here I mean, I mean, I mean, are they ever going to get their goddamn act together there or what? They just can't get their finger out of their, uh, orifice. You know, Tom Belvedon, what does I do? Yeah. I sure do. That answers it all man. Yeah really. So how do you think the dolphins played last night? I thought they played a hell of a lot better. Not great. The defense was great, but the offense still had its sporadic moments keeping in mind that they scored, uh, one grand touchdown. I can't believe how pathetic Jay Shrader was pointing. He's terrible. I mean, he's he's worth a top or whatever. Just a much better. No. Well he was busy. In fact, did you notice that every time they started eroding the chalk lines on the, like on the 40 and 50 art line that Todd was down there and like, uh, you had a reason why the chalk was disappearing. He couldn't score a penny rate. Mirror one of it. Yeah, I'm believable. Hey, get a more close to the spiral port for you. Yes, sir. He's trying to imitate you now. Oh, geez. We know all the, all the, all the, all the, all the, all the, all the, all the, all the, all the, we're starting to get a little less topical and they're starting to, that, they're starting to, quote, use these quote, four, what are words along the label now? Mm-hmm. And it's such as what are they saying, do, do, do, do, bag? Uh, do, he, bag? They haven't quite hit that, that level. That'll be next week. You marked my words. Mark Larson will be a do-induced bag next week or two weeks. Oh, well, one point, one guy did say shot. No. I'm serious. No. Yeah. Ah. Mm-hmm. One thing I love about this business is the originality and it, that's my favorite part of the whole business. Yeah. It's one of the best. Yeah. Well, thanks for the good news. Mm-hmm. And speaking of shot, go see Mark. Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh, what the, I'll just tap in there. Did I put him on hold? Are you still there? He's gone. Thank you. What do you mean the readings? You better than I am. Even the competition agrees. The Neil Rogers show on WZDA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach is the best morning show in South Florida. I think I was just a nine-year-on-a-day extension of the show and my book, you're like same time as the quietest. You got no problem with me. Even the other morning shows, listen to the Neil Rogers show on, I'm, I'm dataful. I hope you beat me in the readings. You better than I am. I have my nose up, Neil's ass. Twenty-tilled noon at Wild, D. Joey Flyaway, baby. America has spoken. They are dying for you to start flying. We have an open line on the out of town thing at 1-800. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. God, I've lost it today. I've officially lost it. I'm throwing it in the town man. I can't take this anymore. Like doing a show in a goddamn funeral parlor. Is there anybody alive out there? I feel like a Lord Lindsay Young only not doing the weather. I feel like a Lord Lindsay Young only not doing the weather. There is it. There is a phone over. Who's talk radio? Six-10 Wild presents the Neil Rogers show. The current touch and talk with Neil dial 751 Wild from day. In Broward, it's 524 Wild. Outside the real 5-area code. Don't breathe. 10944 Wild only says to the NFL South mobility customers. Make a free call by dialing star IOD. The opinions expressed by the guest host or callers. Not necessarily those of this station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio. Six-10 Wild. All right, it's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Huh? Ah, Martha, I can't get up. What do you mean? Well, the older I'm getting the tougher it is to climb out of bed and start the day. George doesn't know it, but this morning he's getting pruned tank. A brand new breakfast drink that'll get him up and active before he knows it. Here, honey. Drink this. Mmm, not bad. He's like Gremberry, Jussen, Duna. Time feeling good. I feel like a good move of mountain. Come here, you little muffin. Oh, George. So let age get you down. Try the new breakfast drinks, weeping the rest homes of America. New pruned tank. Pruned tank. It stores everywhere. Follow six at Wild and we got an open line in Broward at 524 and we're like a kid with a new play toy. It's like having a new draidel at the hot on a good time and we're just seeing if it works. Like Lake Point of VISTA. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Man, I'm really disappointed. I wanted to check back in with you before the break it noon because then I could hear myself driving home tonight. I'll check this. Well, you got new rejoins on issue in now. Do we? Yeah, they're not saying check back in with this anymore. And who's doing them? I don't know. It's a new voice. Probably Mitch Lewis. Does it sound like somebody who belongs on the air? It could be because he used to do this hair replacement. That's him. That's Mitch Lewis. In other words, they finally got that stuff on the air. So it doesn't sound like nose picking heaven over there. And a lot of the audience is mesmerized. Yeah. And are they operating more than six watts now or what? Well, I'm picking them up here in Lake Point of VISTA. So yeah, it's coming in just kind of crappy. If it's coming in in Lake Point of VISTA, I guarantee that the mouse is pretty unhappy about that. Well, because if we say asshole on the air, then the mouse might actually hear it. And you know they got psychotic when Randy was there and they'll get crazy again. Well, you're getting psychotic earlier today about nobody calling in. So I just wanted to call. And now I just like having some fun with these and those pickers over there and try to get him in the habit of getting off their ass. They don't know what that looks all about. They haven't figured it out yet. Well, I want to get some of those crotchety old farts from four mires on the phone. Some of the ones who hate me like Poison already, but pretend they don't listen. And we'll never turn it off. Well, they just haven't fully cut onto the concept of the IOD network. Right. And either of we will listen have a great day. And you too. And see ya. Like super Dave almost any. Oh, that sounded like super Dave. Just a little tiny one. Yeah. Open line in day 751 and look at that WOD. Yeah, I caught me your order. And where you call from sir? For Mars. Are you cereal? Yep. You are in four mires. The great home and bastion of sanity. Yep. And old farts. Yeah, you could say that. And those picking and slow driving and quiet. Basically a plastic. Well, I put you on cold because I just knew you were from four mires. Uh-huh. I can tell by the way the phone was ringing. Okay. So how is it? How is it? Yeah. I love living here. Do you? Yeah. What do you like most about living there? The area. Waterways. The water, the ambiance, the trees, the climate, the beauty, the old people with their Enema bags. I'm not worried about the Enema bags. I'm not that old, so. When and out squeezed it out. Do you think? I said so you're having a great life over there. Great. I moved over from four hundred. I lived I grew up before a water. And how long ago was that? I lived there for 22 years. I lived over four years now. And you like it better over there. You're doing? Well, I don't blame you. Sir, I love poor mires and I don't even know what the hell it's all about. I've just driven through there a couple of times real fast. Mm-hmm. Like I floor my vet and go through their real fast. Real fast, huh? Yeah, like about 140. Mm-hmm. Why that? Just in case they know who it is. So anyway, you discovered seven seventy years. You're doing it over there with us, huh? Well, I'm listening to him, but I gotta tell you the reason you're failing over here. I'm failing. But when you're failing over there, we only been on for a day and a half. Yeah, but you're calling it quits already. No, I'm not. Well, you're playing on here, you are. I'm thinking about it. How about you, Mr. Garbage Lewis? I'll tell you what. Why is that? You're in Dittoland. I mean, what? You're in Dittoland. Did Oland? I'll give me a break with. Lar at Lardas land? Rush, limber. Right wing, Lardas? That's right. So I had number one talk show radio. Hold on. How come you're listening to this show then? On switchin' right now. You're okay, you're fast. He's switching. He sounded like he was switching. I got news for your pal. You wouldn't switch that dial if you're life to pen on. He's probably Steve Gilbert's a grandchild, illegitimate. Is that the kid that he called on the air many years ago? Did the mommy and I get divorced because I was in radio? I was the greatest call of all times Steve. Man, you suck so bad that there are no words in the English vocabulary to describe it. The absolute pits. He makes Joey sound like Westbrook band Voorhees on a good day. That's how bad Steve Gilbert is. You got to dental floss your ad party. Talking to friend dancing, mainly. And then it happens. Now, when I leave my fear in these stressful times, the last thing you need is to misplace your brew. Hey, yo, is this my beer? You wouldn't have this problem if you use the junko beer beaver. Simply attach it to your beer. Clap once in. Clap once drink up beer beaver. To order call 1-800 fat drum. Titchewers now. Stay for everyone else, Tyre. Hey yo, is this my beer? So anyway, 12-18 at Wild. We have an open line at Browett's. So we're failing over there. Is that it? We've been on for like six hours and 18 minutes. And it's been declared official. We are failing in Ford Myers. We're very sorry. It's been nice to try it though. My shot is a piece of crap. Oh! It just does something for me. Let me tell you something, pal. The New York Jet-Suck. Oh! It's this ever happened to you. I love you, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, oh, baby. Oh, another ruined evening. All because of plastic, loved, all blowout. Now you're just a lonely guy with nothing to look forward to, but the McNeil layer report. Oh, you could call Triple A, but that's so embarrassing. Well, now you can be up and running fast with a new, loved, dull patch kit. These durable steel-belted patches resist tearing, splitting, and ruptures. And they're medically safe, eliminating skin rash, skid marks, and ruptures. You'll be ready for hours of action in just minutes. Oh, baby. Oh, keep plenty on hand for the safest exit. From Trojan Tyron Rubber Company. 1241, WIOD. That's for four miles. Hi, this is Jim. Love your show, Neil, love you. Love you. 1251, Randy returns after a night at the ballgame last night. Didn't see her, but she was at the Telgate party with Chuck. Evidently doing it. So anyway, we put Sandy James up there now at the top of the list. For the saleshold of the week, I got to tell you something. These people back there. They just drive me nuts. They drive me ape-spit. Sandy James. She is just, she makes Steve Paris seem like he has some clue as to what he's doing. She comes to me this morning. Oh, my no, my no, my no, my no, my no, my no, my no, my no, my no, my no, my no. And she's just she's still running around the building. But I'm I'm I'm, you know, and I can't find copy that I'm supposed to have it here. I mean, God, if brains were dangerous, she'd be the safest human on the face of the earth. Privateal records presents the beach foys as never heard before. The endless binge is now available for a limited time. What if it be nice and we were so much, maybe now we could write some of the songs. We apologize for a good love. We have been around for five to nine. The beach foys singing their way to the top and belting their way back down. The Bborbeurbeurbeer in again Dear Bear Beirbeurbeer, Dear Bear Beirbeurbeere in camea Dear Bear Beirbeer, Dear Bear Beirbeer, Dear Bear Beirbeer in, Dear Bear Beirbeer in violin, Dear Bear Bzej then, Dear Bear Beirbeer in the cámara and the beach foys endless bin. And where could the John be, too much awkward that it means? My bladder's about to explode but I'm holding my arms Nose in the fight No bathroom in the sight Yeah, yeah Well, I'm so cold-tubbed Can't find the commons The beach boy's head was just a billboard rehab So I'm re-ware That was getting more 160, I was just thinking about something Suppose the people at W.W.C.N In Ford Myers, since they do run at God-awful CNN headline newscraft all day Suppose they have an automation thing set up So they must have, huh? So that the spots run So every time we play Wouldn't that be something you've had fired off a bunch of carts? Yeah So let's just keep going All day It's screw those bastards up, huh? That would be great God, they must be tearing their hairs on At the roots Here is, um, oh, excuse me Here's Stewart, hello Hello Yes, sir Neil, hi Where's your time, Paula? Well, that's great Uh, did you happen to watch the NBC News last night at six? No, I did not Okay, they had, they had a list of the ten dollars people in America Yes? I don't know what magazine National Magazine put it at I bet you'll aren't asked limbo as well Number nine Yeah, oh, you knew it With a bullet Yes, it was number nine And Madonna was number ten Great No, I did not know it was just a lucky guess How could you not? Of course, you did not No, I think you might've been at the party at the game And didn't see it, or he'll about it Great news, pal Okay, have a great day Have a good day, bye Did I, was this? Coming up tonight at eight Spot wings, sports studs, six dead It's the Rennie Roadshow right here Sometimes I feel myself The most controversial movie of our time Martin Scorsese is the last temptation of price Recently became available for home viewing on cassette Religious groups lifted the release of the film Theologically, he came out raged on the event of its home distribution And so, for your spiritual education And for those who don't have VCRs on a price of a movie ticket We are proud to present live Part one, the radio version of Martin Scorsese The last temptation of price Oh, ah, hey, but, but Wanna buy a hot stereo? Ah, ah, gee, I better not Okay And so, the controversy continued Q-Linzomaro for Part two Martin Scorsese, the second last temptation of price Good day Well, it's easy, I'm busy here, okay? I'm busy, I'm closing shop up I wanna hear what this is Am I losing it? Registrate for God But, it's on in Miami Walking downstairs It didn't see Hank's leg sticking out Probably grab the handrail But, Gary, grease did good It won't be silent and anybody out Oh, feeling pain is tip but going Working in this place Nothing Yeah, it was nothing as you're working for free Oh, oh, busger, ass or busger arm It's all the same to me Bus, then it is good enough for me It's good enough for me and Bob A-Green Hurt and Belighton Wow That's great I think we only played that once before, didn't we? Well, it's about time we dug out some crap that we've only played like once before Too bad that somebody would such a talented mixed Lewis has to be Wasting it on that night rhythm shot 142 Well, that's true, that show is an abortion man It's the worst thing in the history It makes even joys on almost good I want to get carried away Here is Miami, hello A nail Yes sir Hey, I went to Fort Myers Beach last year And I went through a sterrow and a sterrow island What a lucky guy Hey, you don't want any closer than you are right now my friend I believe it I think they probably got your tune in at the bait shop And the dairy queen over there So that's two people at least Alright Hey, one more thing in clothing That's a nice weed brownie What does it? Browning, navel And there's New York Jets So wait a minute Straighten me out, Kenno Bryan is out for the year Right? He's on the DL So apparently so, yeah Right And Browning, who last time he looked like a lost puppy last time I looked at him Browning, bagel? Yeah, yeah, Browning, bagel He's got to bring a real big lunch basket with him here Because Brian Cox is going to eat his lunch Great And maybe you offered all can sell him at a discount At the bagel shop In closing, Neil Jim Manditch's got a fat hank It's great that he's gone to the other station I wish him well but boy the football sounds I have a lot better now than it did before Okay, thanks Neil see you And Mr. Weaver agrees I'm sure Because he's just in a reable sort Not 144 Here's my Emmy, hello Neil Yeah Hey, I went to this game yesterday And I was sitting right next to the front zone And the only time that a raider fan got a dolphin fan When was he jumped three rows And started kicking the crap out of him Yeah And then the dolphin fan grabbed them And threw him down three rows Yeah Up against the rail And there was no extra charge to watch all of this right? No What a deal man But I got this ice holder This is a front of me, his name is Ramirez Yeah And he stands up every place What about it? I have time to see the old fart sound Yeah Every day What a geek Well, tell him to sit down and shot head I'd sit that body You'd have He's deaf Yep How about if you punch in him and the ribs You see if he's got any feeling Okay And you'll see how quick he is too Yeah, then who brings friend out his nose Amen, okay, have a great life pal, get out of here Okay, 145 So, evidently the fun zone is a lot more fun going on Than we realized, huh? There's a little something there that don't meet the fly at the eye And that fun zone Kendall Oh, Neil Yes, sir Neil, I just wanted to tell you I was watching TV on Sunday And I was watching the new WKRP in Cincinnati The new W crappies Yeah, exactly Well, I was just watching it I was just watching it and they had a guy on Rush Limbaugh look like his name was Rush Rambos Yeah, we already heard about this We already heard about this, we already heard a great putdown, yeah It was pretty disgusting He was riding in the exercise bike and eating Three cheeseburgers Great That's all I wanted to say Do you remember there was a large ass man? That's the one It was a Rush look like he was disgusting Okay All right, thank Have a great life 145 So we got the, I guess today We'd like cover the Astero's story, huh? Maybe tomorrow we'll work on someplace else Big like Port Charlotte Remember that movie, Rush, Rush, Port Charlotte Something really good And Johnny Dork was just telling me they're running like a little reverb in the back On WWE, you see in on 770 out your dial And four mires Baby, yeah, we're doing it man Kick it ass, our own So wouldn't it be something If every time I play that automation tone A kick-soffice at a spot Because they have it I'm sure they got the things set up for CNN Headline news like almost all day long man Oh, excuse me There we go again You can just see that board up over there Flying to stop the carts And then the thing you do is you, then you take the break like right away Like it's 146 on the IOD network So anyway, well that's the kill man That's the break we're doing it George got all panicky over here so you can imagine what they're doing over there And as you went Now four mires, they got their crap together man They really got their shot together Okay, here's the Hollywood, hello Hollywood His long gone, I can tell I thought I just saw Dan Stewart marching down the hall with a very surly look on its face God, you talk about a just absolutely psychotic Just angry young man Boko No, yes sir Whatever happened to Fred shot I think they got the shots Let's go to coconut creek, hello Hey, great show Neil Yes, it is Let's not get a medical medical medical question I'm ready for Uh, if Karen Carpenter had eaten Mama Cassus sandwich Would they both be alive today We've been asking that question In fact, every time I get together with my friends in the anorexia business We sit around and discuss that for hours on the back Wendy better was asking me that in the hallway the other day She was acting at the Villadelli Cornbeef sandwich That's good. Do you know David Paul? Do I know him? Yeah, do I know of him? Or have him or whatever? Yeah, I hear the tape of like you like him or not like him Do I like him or not? Unbelabel He is the biggest piece of swill that he came down the pike How could anybody have ever put that little Pipsqueak swill head on the air Well, the thing got that hard head till Right, that's right Hey listen, I got a new turn for it I threw their ass both out to door Neil, it's just saying shot Yeah They spit Like jack spit You don't know jack spit Well, maybe they could be interchangeable You know, you know, just sped it around, you know It's like in hockey you've got a slap shot How about a spit shot? Yeah, I didn't mean jack spit to me, okay? Okay, see you See you See you spit head One fifty two, you see we're just creating a whole new vocabulary And the reason we do that is because we live in a very juvenile country with a bunch of Dixitorial censoring in mind type assholes who are sitting up there for another 35 days or so At the FCC like else likes Bye, I'll see ya Boy, what that be a sorry day for us? Mark that day on a calendar baby January the 20th the first day when we say goodbye to all those assholes on the FCC The federal censorship commission Who have just arbitrarily thanks to Jesse Holmes and people like Lardass Limball and all these other goody two shoes Who just take and rape the constitution and the bill rights to their own convenience or how are they want? Just arbitrarily made it up as they went along man Oh sexual organs and excretory activity. How did that come from? Who were they did like Alexander Graham bell call him on a phone and tell him that? Did George Washington just trap down the cherry tree and say oh by the way I forgot to tell ya Boy, what a polish hot that is huh and spit Let's get cereal man. Let's cut the crap. Let's stop being like talk about repression See that's what bothers me about people in this country They accept every kind of unacceptable repression as if this is the way it's supposed to be man Like that poker that called the alleged poker that called earlier in the show Well, what's the problem? What do you got a problem with? Because we don't like being hassled and harassed by people whose salaries were paying That's not what we're paying you for a geek head. You're more on Oh, I'm sorry is busy writing right now probably busy under the overpass Let's do a bokeh. Hello. What's up, bro? How you doing sir? I'm okay. I was wondering. Was that Rick eating ice cream last night? I don't think so unless he ate it downstairs I don't think he brought any up by me because he kept he kept waiting for me to go to Carvelle to get my hot-bud Sunday Which I did not get I was not boy. No nuts. No nuts. No nuts the Rick Riley Sunday No nuts and I didn't get it at all And so he may have slinked down her because I know he flew down there at half time Why so it's a extremely fat guy eating ice cream down in the thing? Oh, yeah down in my thing. Yeah, that was him. Oh, I think it's a yeah But I just want to say greater suck in Okay, good to quenella there. 157 and yeah, he didn't come back up and dare eat any ice Human in front of my face course he is on a diet so we probably had the yogurt Like about 20 30 gallons of it before the game we went in there We decided we were not going to have the Italian sausage So we had one of those smoked jalapeno things And a diet soda and we finished that in about 30 seconds And we both looked at you said, is that okay, what are we going to eat now? So then we he went and got us both the Italian sausage Smothered an onions And I must say this it's not bad the sausage ate that great But the onions are good in fact the best thing to do is take the weenie out of the bun And just to call the onions in there and eat that I think that's what we'll do Sunday night And then Orlando stopped by speaking to take it in the weenie out of the bun Orlando stopped by right after that and boy he was just ready for that game last night He was ready to look like he was ready for anything God Here's any city to be calling soon by the way He just to kind of left with like a threatening a parting message I will be calling soon So be prepared govern yourselves accordingly And what are we going to do about Dan Stewart? Well, that's it man. We're done. We're finished. We're through. We've had it. We're history. We're audio. We're out of here. We're a 1 800 85 2 006 You know what that is This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station We saw grandiose 610 Wild by Mee Fort Lunderdale and the Palm Beach is that's great I'm impressed Good afternoon. I'm Tom Hopkins in the 610 Wild news setting The temperature into a clock 78 degrees in the 610 Wild weather setting Here's meteorologist Bob Soapert Fairly difficult for this time of view Steve Gilbert on the year. They got no talent on the year God you're a leave he's in Fort Myers today Absolutely zero And so again nice to hear you on here But one thing you talk about football not really much of a football fan But I do like baseball right anything you into that at all In my end of that I'm a maniac cubs fan and now of course a Marlins fan debase Since we got our team but I'm my