Anyway, I have two things before we talk about women struggling for a powerful voice in radio. Women are struggling right, of course, Pat Curry who just happens allegedly to be a woman. My butt is very, very sore. I believe it. Before we get into that, I got a little thing here. Another one of those personal things that I bring to the table, so to speak. I don't want to go through the whole story because it's a long pond of his story. I bought my house back in February, okay, closed in the house in the middle of February. There was an alarm, a security system in the house when I got there. It wasn't hooked up, nobody knew how to use it. After about a month, I finally called a security company that had put it in. Their name was on a box, Papa Pabadi, Kamate screwed up my phone system. They drove me nuts. I got rid of it. I come on a year, I told that story. Then I get another people to call me because they heard me talking about on the year. Oh, we'd love to come out, we'll straight it out. We'll do that for the best, Papa Pabadi, baby. I've had two major incidents first. My phones all went dead again because the first guy that came out screwed up the phone system. And there was a short, and then all of a sudden after the second guy came out and got it straightened out allegedly a day or two later, the alarm goes off, screaming and blaring, I'm just sitting there and living and watching TV and the thing goes crazy. And the phone guy, Andy alarm guy, came out that following Monday. And the phone guy says you wouldn't believe just how screwed up this whole thing is they go in the phone box and they patch gear around and they mess it up and it's like a nightmare. And his best advice to me was just disconnect the jack, the phone jack, to the monitoring thing and just forget about the service because you're just going to have a nightmare. And these things are going off like every 25 seconds. So I call up this alarm company. I will not mention their name on the year yet. And I told them that the audio is, I just is not, you can't make it work right. I can't afford to have the cops coming to the house every five minutes, you know, with this alarm going off and the phones are getting screwed up, forget it. Audio's. I said, be sure to pass the message along the so-and-so, the lady who was never there, they want to originally call me. Okay, no problem. Now I'm starting to get bills from these people. And after the second bill comes, I call up the party in question. And I said to her, I said, I'm not using your service. The thing isn't hooked up, you're not monitoring. And I explained to her, why? There was no problem based on what she told me. Based on that conversation, there was no problem. Yesterday I go home, I get my mail here as a letter from a collection agency in Pompeto Beach. The manding, the balance, do 1365 dollars. 1365. The sign-of-our office for immediate collection, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, with a lot of cost to cramp. So I immediately call these people and, of course, the party that wrote the letters not there and has lifted the country and will never be back again, I call up the alarm company. Well tomorrow morning, so-and-so will be in, she'll call you later to clock, I'll leave a message, it'll clock this morning, comes, no phone call. So about eight, 20, I call there and sure enough, here's this one person. And I explained to her the situation. And she said, well, how would you like a tour range for the man to come out? And he still has to disconnect the chips in this and I said, fine, haven't come out Monday and take out whatever equipment you got in there because I'm not using it. And I said, also you got to take care of this thing with a collection thing because I don't owe money for a service that isn't working and I'm not using. I'm not going to pay for that. So finally, a song that I danced about the woman I originally spoke to isn't going to be there till tomorrow and the dog is sick and this and that would you like to talk to the owner of the company. I said, fine. He puts me on hold for 30 seconds. He comes on the phone and I'm not screaming. I'm not yelling. I mean, I'm hard to get a word out of my mouth. I said, I talk to someone so I'd like to explain to you what's it. Wow, I've been turned over for a collection. See you in court. Slam. Slam. That goes the phone on a receiver. Now that is a beautiful way to do business. Okay. So in other words, if these people really believe that I should have kept paying for a system that's not working and that I'm not using, why didn't they tell me that? Why is it that when I called there and explained to them what to deal was, no problem. Okay. We'll see that it's taken care of was the last thing that I heard. And if they think I'm right now to check, which I could very easily okay, I could just go ahead and pay it, which I assume, see you in court, Slam. That's a wonderful way to treat the public. How about making it work right? Okay? How about not coming out there and patching around with people's phone systems? And I don't think they're going to forget the first company. They're original one that didn't install that box. Remember that? And the guy came out there and not only screwed up the phones, but he went outside and now watching them. He's by the phone box and he like put a couple of wires together and made a short and he like jumped five feet off the ground. I thought he was going to fry his ass. All of these service got what you shouldn't say all. Okay. Because there are some. There are some that come out and they do a good job. Some. But man, where you find them, I have no idea. And hey, forget about whether you want to get it done right or it's screwing up your life or your phone system or anything else. Forget about that. You signed a contract man. We want your guy damn money. That's all we care about. Just give us the money and have a great life and screw off and we'll see you in court. Very nice. Charming, lovely, beautiful way to do business. Women in radio struggle for a powerful voice is Pat Curry. This really wacko that allegedly writes on radio and the four-lettered-else unsentinel. She talks about Patricia Howard, lost her job as a disjockey and ad saleswoman at W.E.G. in an Alabama because the state's manager's wife didn't want women on the year. And then she talked to Randy and Randy said there's no log in. People marrying their farm animals either but that doesn't mean it's okay. Gender fire based firing is an Alabama. The state Supreme Court said it was okay. And Randy says nothing has changed, not yet, but we're working on it. Still on every FM there's five guys in one female. And then they go and quote our former morning newsletter, Elaine Ettor. She was director at W.I.N.Z. left W.I.O.D. last month. It was easy to go at Part-cheese said because of the stations attitude toward women. I firmly believe a man and a woman could come up with the same idea and if it was a man, they'd say great, let's run with it and if it was a woman, they'd say, what a stupid idea. Ettor said that when she was hired at W.I.O.D. she was told there was a good old boy network in the morning. You hear that? A good old boy network in the morning. Instead of management fixing the problem, she said she was told to break through it. The problem goes far beyond one station, though she said broadcasting in general and news in particular is a man's world run by men. Well, Elaine, I want to say this to you, okay? You left here voluntarily to take the news directed job at W.I.N.Z. the all-new station with their miniscule ratings. Nobody kicked your ass out the door, but you couldn't read honey. She used to stumble and fumble and bumble and most of us here, I mean personally, she was fine, okay? Even after the second nose job, she was fine. I have no extra grind personally, but this is business. But on the year, marginal at best, in addition to which what really cracks me up is that when I came to this radio station, the news director was Dorothy McIntyre, a lady, a woman, who was so repressed that all she did was leave here and go to ABC in New York for all kinds of big money. And it seems to me last time I checked at Lisa Campbell, sitting there in the newsroom, which I saw early moments ago. And we've got Jennifer Raymond, we had Jill Beach in here and we've got how many other women who we had in that newsroom. We had what's her name that went to Channel 4, G.L. not so bright? So what the hell are you talking about? And the main reason that there aren't that many women on the year doing talk shows or anything else is that most women sound like crap. They have thin voices on the year and most people don't want to hear women on the year. Unless they are extremely bizarre on usual town, it like Randy, who is just one at a billion. But man is good old boy network, what a crock of piles, man. Just unbelievable. If we're so sexist at W.I.O.D., how come the former news director was a woman? And how come we have so many women in that newsroom? How about Terry? How about I'm not even remembering all the people in the newsroom are women? Some days I feel myself. It's the ultimate bone fantasy. We've combined the thriller phone sex and the excitement of the Elvis Turqueline to bring you to the 32th of the King. Have the King set its fire every secret desire. I had to tell you a story I had set it out the Colorado a week or half ago and I got these two old parts in front of me. Reading the Halendale news or whatever it was. These about five foot four wearing a jeans outfit. It's a tight she looks like a sausage. And her husband got the gold rim glasses so wide on the side to cut off the peripheral vision. And they're reading the paper and I'm talking about the dolphins with my friend. And he turns around and he says, could you change your conversation please? You're annoying. Oh my god. Yeah. You know it's an empty end. Incredible. It was the front of mine and I got out the Colorado. We wanted to call you a couple times we could ever get through because we just thought it was a story you'd want to hear. I mean I was just I was so flabbergasted. How old was the sky about 100? I had to be at least 80. You know in the ladies gone. I'm going to tell you once again and those numbers that we had yesterday those statistics about the 10 oldest cities in America, the oldest media maids all in Florida. And that's the problem with this state. It's an outdoor funeral parlor where nobody wants to let anybody else have a good time. They don't care if you got a job. They don't care about education. They don't care about the young people. They don't care about anything as long as they can have their early bird. And you don't have any kids in their condo development already pets or anybody has a good time. Absolutely. That's why you know South Adis is as much as it's a it's a hole. It's a lot better than living up north with all the old people. Yeah. Could you change your conversation so you're annoying some of the old parts in the audience? You didn't want to hear about football anymore. Oh, you wanted to talk about something else. Yeah. Something real important. Right. You know, you try to sweep low like then you cream exactly. Well, listen, have a great day and don't do it again, Sonny. I promise I won't buy by. See ya. And the land of the dead, the land of the walking dead. Again, bankruptcy, we go to Florida to die. And we don't want anybody to have a good time while we're waiting to die and we do our damn just to make sure they don't. Okay. So don't go bring in your little kids and pets into our condo development or we'll throw your ass out on the street even if you're like dying of some horrible terminal disease for get it because we're all heart. Not 10. 52. You know, I'm thinking to myself, Henry Barrow just came in very sloppy dress because he's on vacation for two weeks. And I thought, why would Henry come in just because it's payday that might be one reason. But now I realize because like a minute after he stepped into the room, Villa Deli showed up, it's Thursday. It's Villa Deli Day. I want to come be one of the good old boys. Yeah, that's the good old boy network. Here's one of the provocateurs of the good old boy network. Wasn't Dorothy news director? Yeah. Dorothy McIntyre when I came here, a woman Elaine with talent by the way who's now at ABC in New York making jillians and dollars and didn't have to have a nose job or sticker nose up anybody's butt. Not all mighty and we got like jillians and women in there in the newsroom. I get so sick and I mean, I believe in equality for everybody based on talent. Okay. If you got talent, you should get the job. If you're just coming winding around, I'll be discriminated to get screw you as what I say, all the way to the lay and I'll pass in that case. Here's Tampa. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I just looked down to Hollywood and moved over to Tampa in 89. I'm very positive move. Yeah, not a giver like I said a bad mistake. That's the count. It's like a big cemetery. Worst in Hollywood. Oh, where far? Yeah, what an indictment that is. Well, and then we have to suck an air tier plan football or what they think they plan football. Nice uniforms though, man. The best. That's very important. I'm blinded by the bright color. That's the idea. It's trying to distract you from seeing what's going on in the game. Well, unfortunately, we still see the game. If we could smell it as horrible. The worst thing I've ever seen. You could smell it. Are you talking about Venice specifically or Justin general? Well, look at that. Stop cabbage. Look at that and meet low. God. Not that I'm excited, sir. Anyway, you're looking at the other station over here, I believe. Yeah. And the station that you're on over here, the first month you're on. I didn't even know it. It took so many from down there came up here on vacation to tell me when they were up here that, hey, you know, Neil's on over here. No way. Yeah. Yeah. There you are. Well, I want to say it again that the people at WWCN and for in little dinky Fort Myers know a thousand times more about promotion and publicity and getting the word around than anybody who works at Cox Broadcasting with their $8 billion. Okay. This company gives nobody any promotion unless of course you're on a slush FM where they don't promote personalities just the music. You want the promos that they play over here on TV on the radio. You're all kind of can't listen to those. Do they tell you what they're using or not? They're randomly pick what they want. Not if we can help it. Because they picked some of the lamest conversations to promote you with over here. It's great. I'm going time you geek. I probably got more of my friends listening to you just for a word amount and they have I run in there. It's a little bad. Well, thanks a lot, Bell. We need all the help we can. I need to go this way. It's going to go on call one person to speak. Sure. Max McLeard, you're a property tag in to speak. Have a great day. You too. Have not been on a go. You too. Bye. Bye. Well, have a nice whatever you celebrate. Have a great holiday everybody that we don't have to say it a million times. We have an open line in Fort Myers. 1,800, 944. It's ringing already. This is a spectacular feast today from Villa Deli. Look at that. Come on, Dan. Dig into some food. We got meatloaf. We got the stuffed cabbage and we got potato lockies, huh? Potato pancakes. Is lockies in at the glossary of terms, by the way, in at the magazine? Kendall on a starline. Hello. Well, I'm by the airport now. Yes, sir. Listen, the rewoundary is stylish to you. What is the reason? Well, that I can, by carously through you, it may be so called service organization. The work. I mean, this morning, I go to get my computer. Okay. It went in for service. And a little door broke on it. That the battery goes in. Yeah. So, they send it off because they can't repair the little door here. So, meanwhile, I'm out of business for two weeks. They say 10 days. I give them two weeks. They go to pick it up today. They give me a brand new computer. Why didn't they do that two weeks ago? Exactly. And the guy says, I don't know. And I said, would you know that, lady? Yeah, cut it out. So, I'm going to root it's off those. Yeah. So, anyway, I tell the guy. And he says, well, I don't know, but I'll block the calling complaint. That's it. Well, get them on the phone right now. Well, we don't want to do it in front of the other customer. I said, look, I got guys that want to buy this computer. But if they're going to have the same sort of service problem, I'm not sending them here. Yeah. So, you got right on the phone and called them and ripped them into one and got a little better. But I'm still out of the way. I'm glad you finally got some satisfaction because this thing that I'm going through is so just extraordinary. I mean, not even a phone call, not the courtesy of a call. And when I call the tell them, I wasn't using their system anymore. Okay. No problem. We'll see that it's taking care of Yadayada. No problem. There's no problem then. Then how come there's a problem now because there's so anxious to get all of my money at once? Well, I get real nervous when somebody says to me, no problem. Yeah. And that's one of the biggest. And then for the owner of the company to hang up the slam the phone, you know, I can understand if I was screaming if I was obnoxious. No problem. I could understand. I deserve that. But I said, I'd like to explain to you what the real situation is. Oh, it's in collection. Now, see it. And in addition, I don't care if you're getting service or not, I just want your money. Now, somebody were to find out who this company was that you were working with. Yeah. And they were to sort of by accident mentioned that name on the air. Would that be okay? No. No. Well, we'd sure like to know when it all gets settled. Well, I'm going to have an opportunity to straighten it out the next day or two. But if they want to, you know, be assholes, then I'll be an asshole back. Okay. But do you have Mr. Kent on the case? No. He's, no, I didn't get rid of me just to busy doing being a superstar. Have a great day. See you. We have an open line in Broward, five, two, four. Here's another one of the good old girl network people in here in the studio. Lisa Campbell. How can you believe that she said that though? No, Lisa said she can't Elaine. You are obitious. What Lisa just said. She said she can't believe that anybody with your talent with your limited talents would open up a big fat mouth like that and start a big son of the answer about well. It wasn't a hard decision to leave. But Bob, yeah, to go to a great station and work for a real radio on my heart like buddy bud packs and man. He could take gold and turn it into a chicken droppings and like two seconds that man. That's what kind of a radio programmer he is. God. And then I see it's official now. They have meant name today. Dean Goodman is the general manager of WINZ and WC and WCida and Gotron in the love 94. Whatever else he's going to buy up at this market. Why don't we just let butt packs in by all the radio stations in the market? How do you like that? Huh? And just sell all the advertising and taking all the revenue and put CNN headline news on 24 hours a day on all the stations. Because God, we sure don't want to pay any high price town to come in and do anything. Do we? God forbid. Good old boy networked my ass Elaine. In fact, it's a miracle. You should have kissed the ground that you were here as long as you were. In fact, that's one of the reasons there are afraid to fire some of these people because they get a discrimination suit. You get an incompetent guy and L. Kick is asked out the door in two seconds except for Joey who I guess has got the pictures of boy Gary. But you get an incompetent male news first. L. Kick is asked out in a second but you get a woman and they're over very, very terrified to blow him out because right away they want to go to court. Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news info trends in WCida. What's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning? Tell me why you'll take it. I thought it's very, very sore. Yeah, take this one and stick it where the Mundo Chine Chuster. Your taste is deep inside. In fact, it's probably that spot that is so personal that it makes everybody want to jump over the counter and buy this album too. I guess when you're a macho man you can't admit that you like to disco huh? Everybody loved disco but it's just not into admit that you loved it. I mean Donna summer we do agree she blew okay she really a bit the big one. But it huh you liked Donna summer? You liked Donna summer? Like I said everybody loved Donna summer. She was the best wouldn't she? I just want to be agreeable here. You're so full of crock. And then he has the audacity in our macho news. I think it is the good old boy network and there I think Elaine had a point as a matter of fact I'm going to read the whole article over again and agree with everything she said. It's a bunch of good old macho men in that newsroom. Yeah. Right up your alley Chuck with our feet. All 10 of us. Feel this. Okay it's 1141 and the warm music and 10s. Hey it's my music I guess I can play it. I mean for him to go on there I have no problem. They're in here for everybody in the station to use. But to play Elton John's Philadelphia freedom. That's the one. All the other stuff I don't really care about. But to play Philadelphia freedom and say that it was a crock of crap. And then he had the audacity the name is 10s team after him. Well what the hell difference is that what does that have to do with the price of peas man? What does that got to do with anything? Who gives a crap about the 10s team? Philadelphia freedom. One of the all time. There even even Mitch Lewis likes it and Mitch Lewis is one of the toughest to please people we have ever known in our lives. When the food comes in here he comes in here and he picks through all of it like and takes a little Chomp out of every until he finds something that he likes. He's in here biting constantly man. Especially Saturday nights on the air. Oh my god speaking of that. New Orlando. How you doing? Oh my god we may have an accident in the studio any moment now. On the bat line. What the of Neil? There's only one thing I can say to you. What's that? Neil got. So you sure look good the other night? Thanks man so to you. Yeah. See you tonight. Oh I like disco. What is it? I like disco. Yeah but there's probably a reason for that that we don't want to go into one of the years. Isn't there? What is that? What reason could that be? I don't know. Maybe it had to do with that Tuxedo shop. Tuxedo. What are you talking about Neil? Huh? I thought you went in for a perfect fit but I thought it was a Tuxedo you were looking for. Just a little joke. I just didn't know what. I shouldn't know what. I shouldn't know when you would come up with one of those. One of those off. One of those risk A is suggested from our great. What do you remark about that? I want to tell you something. Everybody in this audience just reveres. They worship the ground that you squat on. Was it? Because you're just a body that everybody wants. Even the straight guys in the young women and old women and animals and the trees that breed the air and plants and they just want to get up close to you and say can that be felt? Oh, for it. Hey, how about that? Hey, listen. If you're going to be a male model and you're going to be like almost star naked and all these publications and make a living doing that, then that goes with a territory. I never start naked. I said close to star naked. I even closed. So is it true that you're not circumcised? Huh? What? Why is that such a person? We talked to guys all the time who said that whether that's that personal? No. You're not circumcised. That's what we hear from people who know. Right. You don't. You must be related to Corrie Kino. That's Elaine's boyfriend who also didn't know if he was circumcised because he always looked straight ahead. Well, maybe if you want to come over before now and two will fight out for you. How's that? When a doubt check it out, inquiring minds what I know. No, are you going to let me say something new? Go ahead. Okay. How about saying? No, God. Okay. Great. How about? You got to understand. You came to the game. It was a cold night. Everybody was bundled up. It was a cool fall evening. A perfect football night. We played a great game. At least the defense. And you came there like almost naked man. You had a t-shirt cut down to your public and a little light. leather jacket that looked like you're ready to go. I had a leather, leather, a leather, a jacket and a tank top. A tank top. Yeah. And went, you know, it just went down a little bit. You know, they're not down to my navel. You just went down a little bit. It just, the tank top just went down a little bit. Not far enough though. Yeah. So anyway, what did you want to say? I keep interrupting and I'm getting emotional. I shouldn't do that. Just, how about the game, Neil? How about that game? What do you think, huh? I have to go by and say hi every time now. No, you're coming up Sunday night? Almost season take it all to reverse. All right, but you're, I mean, are you coming up to see us? Because you're stopping by instead of pony. See when pony tail comes by, we blow the lead in the second eye. And we want to blues in the game. Yeah. You'll come by and we're on a perfect streak. We're one for one. Well, hopefully I just don't, you know, As a matter of fact, Dan Marino told me personally that for each article of clothing you take off, they will, the offense will score one additional touchdown. Oh, yeah. Right. All right. Like for each sock for like the BBDs and the pants and the shirt and the jacket. Just wear like three jackets and pairs of shirts and stuff like that. Right. And I will just take them all off. We'll score like 200 points. Great. Now we're talking. Yeah. The defense was dynamite, Marco Coleman and Brian Cox were just outstanding. They kicked ass, JB. How do you like that interception by JB Brown, huh? Yeah, incredible. They just have to be a lot intense play with a lot of intense. They have to play the whole four quarters. That's what Bob is me about the offense. Their periods of the game and it looks like they go, they go into a shell like a little bit of a comma. I love Brian Cox. He's a badass. He doesn't take any crap from anybody. And how about Marco, man? He's another badass boy. You know, if all the other pansy stop being such pansy. Right. And more, you know, that's Orlando's message to the dolphins today. Stop being a bunch of pansy's guys that's what you're talking about. Put your little bit coming from a guy who knows the meaning of the word, butch. Monday, they did it. They put, they put stuff. Right. You know, let's see if they can keep it rolling now. I think we're going to kick the jet sa. I think I like a whole bunch of injuries. Kenny O'Brien is like in a wheelchair somewhere with his, you know, he did their just in bed shape. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's see what happens. The jet sa was because problems, but I think we're going to, we're going to, I think this, this week from right from the opening thing. I think we're going to come out there, just loaded for beer. And I hope this week that the invocation, whatever, Getschke, they bring out to do it last less than 10 minutes. Okay. Did you hear that rabbi? Yeah. And bless the children and their parents and the people starving in Somalia, the people in the hurricane and the Jews, the Gentiles and Jesus and Moses, God, Almighty, we could have played another quarter by the time he got through. It was like in the pool repairman and everything, you know? God. It was incredible. By the way, Randy had a message you wanted me pass along to you. Oh, yeah. I bought his very, very sore. Is it? Yeah. That was the message. I don't know what it means. There must be some hidden significance here. Well, uh, it's going to have to be felt. So let me ask you something. What is it really? What are you coming into the station? There are a lot of people who would like to meet you. Oh, yeah. Would like to lay their eyes on your head. Just physically reaching there and take them out and just lay them on your forehead. Okay. Yeah. What do you say is the seat? I have a lot of a... Yeah, I know. You got a lot of assignments to do in New York and Venice and Milan and Florence and Italy and here and all over. I'm like, have so much schoolwork to do. Much in demand. You have this afternoon. I got a work. Yeah. Doing what? At the beach at Miami Beach. Yeah. I don't know. I'm working for some German catalog guys. Something I don't know. Oh, yeah? Yeah. What do they have like, whips and chains and they say, you will take it off? Is that what they do? No. Yeah. No. It just, you know, some sportswear I think. Really? Yeah. Uh-huh. So... Skimpy and Scandy. But anyways, you think you can get me a seat down there? For next season? Yeah. Right between me and fat rich. You willing to do that? Yeah. How about my buddies? What? Your buddies are going to have you can see them at half time. How's that sound? Sit on a 50 yard line with us. Watch the game, well, you go up and see those losers at half time and say, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm sitting right on a 50 guys. All right. Great. Oh, yeah. I don't care anyway. What? As long as I get to see the... Right, screw them. You can see them anytime. Not often you get to hang out with celebrities. So we'll see you Sunday night. Okay. Great. Take care of yourself. You too, now. Keep your eye on it. See ya. Wow. No, good. It's $149 on the IOD network. Here's a cork able's on a starline. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. What does the leaner say? She said... She said that when she worked here that she was told there was a good old boy in network in the morning. And instead of management fixing the problem that she was told to break through it, that the station had a crappy attitude toward women. And I'm going to say it again, what she evidently isn't aware of is that before she came here, the news director was a woman, Dorothy McIntyre who was very, very good and went to work for ABC in New York when she left here. Well, not to defend what she said. I've listened to WIOD in the morning before my cranereght on. And it's ridiculous to hear as a Henry Barrow. Right? What does that mean? I mean, let's tell you, I just tune in. I mean, I have my alarm clock set to it. It was like, I don't know, 530. They say, and coming up next, they keep going on and on. What do you mean? So you don't like Henry Barrow. I happen to disagree immediately. What does that mean? What does that have to do with the stations out of two toward women? Well, what she said is that the good old boy network is like her or her. It's not a herb and micro-nerry and Roger and all those guys. It sounds like a bunch of, you know, a bunch of clowns. You're talking about apples and we're talking about potato peels. One has got nothing to do with the other. You're a tack in Reneere show, which is your privilege, but it has nothing to do with the attitude of the station toward women or what's going on in the newsroom. In addition to which, she was on here in the morning and morning drive, which is the most important for any radio station, morning drive news is like El Primo, that's prime time newsman. So what the hell is she belly aching about? Or did she just feel that because she left here one over there, she had to take some gratuitous shots over here? Where'd she go? INZ. INZ. Right. What? What's she doing on the lightbulb? Huh? Well, she's about to step away from it in the book. I'll tell you that. But when's Chuck gonna talk about movies? Something he knows about. Uh, hopefully today. Yeah. Have a great day. Boy, sour got. Oh, that's a real deal. It's a real deal. It's a real deal. It's a real deal. It's a real deal. It's a real deal. It's a real deal. It's a real deal. It's a real deal. It's a real deal. It's a real deal. Hi, Gary. So Jeff from PizzaLock, who is the al Rogers of Italian food, chronic. I mean, just a pest. You cannot chase this man away, no matter what you say. About his greasy hair or anything. He calls up after I do the pizza loft spot and says to George, and this is verbatim. I'm not making this up. He says it makes my part when I hear Neil do a great spot like that for the loft. Can you believe that? It makes his part. Probably ponytail is what he meant. 1232 at WIOD is that Jeff online again saying that he never really said that before? I guarantee a man that Jeff said that it makes his part when I do such a great spot for the pizza loft. I am an imbosal. When you're tired of falling at fast food junk, you can grab some deer or dogs or scunk. I'm going to hurry up today. Come on, eat to the road, kid. At the road, kid. At the road, kid. You get freshly run over motor meat with no additives. No preservatives, just a little gravel. Try the pavement pizza. I have a smash by a semi-ontopahol wheat tote. Or a boulevard burger. Two patties of pure mystery meat tenderized by traffic and served when a picker. Hi, can I take your order? I'm so hungry I can eat a horse. One of the questery and special charlie. Come on up. So come on, bye. The road, kid. Kampai. Suffers ready? We've ever smoked pot. You know, I don't have the answer. I used to know it and I don't know it. There is a formula but I don't know what it is. That is a great radio. 1241, a Wild. Big story here, Howard Cohen, in the Harold King's moving today time, but Wild is dropping him like a rock from the World Trade Center. And boy, we're going to have a party about that. I'm February 1st. Bye-bye, Larry. Bye-bye. That's going to lower the suction level in the building by about 30 dBs. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. What the hell is going on with this thing? Oh, yes. How you doing? I called you a couple of weeks ago. I told you I had a brother lived in Portland, Maine. Yes, sir. He called hunting a place called Greenville Maine. Oh. They actually have a roadkill cafe there. I believe it. Uh-huh. That's one of the best places to be down there. I'll bet. I'm going to find a report from FDL. Yeah. Great phone, pal. Well, we can't help him in the airport. Get a new phone. We have an open line in Broward 5249463 in addition. We don't give a flying crap about FDL. Here's Boka. Hello. Yes, sir. Did you know that for one public? Yes, they did. It's open to 20 bucks and it was up to 29 by the end of the first day. Almost a 50% increase. If I knew that I would have jumped on my buddy from Detroit, just call him and tell me about it. Right. That's kind of the double and then you're from that. What do you think? I would think. I mean, it's just a big thing in town. Well, our nation wide out there at 50 states. Amazing. Yes, it is. And you're the one that was at Lorenzo's Marquis. You're the one that was the turf four years ago. You're the first one that got everybody into it. First one in this neck of the woods. You know, you can now. Now they're even into Bahamas. Thanks to me. Can't a dry list you know. Absolutely. I want to I wanted a big brown paper sack. If they knew what you did, they would give you like 10% or something. Okay, I'll take it. Real quickly back it's data. Yep. You talked about a thing you had with a girl that was wild. I don't remember. You know I'm talking about. Yeah, Michigan State. With Michigan State. I wanted to see high school maybe. No, I was I didn't have any dates with girls in high school. This was at Michigan State. We went on a grass. That's what it was. Yeah. That's what it was. And not tell you. She was a knockout. I wasn't inclined. The her name was Arlene. She was from Detroit. And I rented a car. I rented a beautiful Chevy Malibu. This is back in about 1961. Right. And all my friends from the dorm. They all had dates. We went out of this place in the woods. Right. And we had never been there before. And of course, it's at night. And it's dark. And we're like driving through this path. This trail. I'm like scraping up the sides of this poor empala against bushes and trees. I mean, the next morning this car looked like it had been through World War One and two. Right. And then we get out there. And I got out of the car. And so my motorcycle brand I was to keep just drinking until I was so bombed that I just passed out. Right. Which I did. And she did. I'd the last thing I remember was he're getting up to tickling the woods somewhere. And it's about. And then the next morning I remember waking up in the dorm. That's the next. I don't remember anything between and how we got back or whatever. I wake up in the dorm. And I look. I was in the bottom bunk, okay? Right. And I look up. And the mattress from my roommates. Bunk is gone. And the reason being that I had puked all over the bed all over the room. And the night and that the aroma was so exciting that he took his mattress neck in the room next door and slept next door all night. I'm blue. Then I get up. No glasses. No watch. Seriously. It's incredible. We got to drive back out there. Scour the woods. And miraculously my watch and my glasses were there in the woods. That's the wild story. Yeah. I remember it was like I remember until the few years ago. It was great story. Well it goes to show you what great length. Some young closet queen will go to the prove as masculine as they. Incredible. Yeah. I would get there. I remember like it was only yesterday. Boy, that poor shit. What a beautiful car that was. I mean it was like brand new practically. Not what I got it back. And you know, the in those days. I don't know how it is now. But in those days when you brought it back and it looked like it been through a war. They didn't care because they're insurance covered in it. We thought they were going to throw our ice in jail or something. And we just said, well, somebody, uh, sights wiped us in a park. No problem. Don't sweat it. Have a nice life. Go back to school and drink a lot. Let me tell you something. The only thing bigger than the one that told our is that. Debbie Alice. Boy, you see your cow. Oh. Maybe I see looks like a girl. They call him bird. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You heard. OLEDs. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. There's the more Zakie, G. Yeah. There's the more Zakie, Javel. Nice. The more Zakie, Alex. Okay. Great. Stay here. I really like it. I'm sorry. Good. I am an ambassador. I think we need to put the cards on a floor. How would that be, Mitch Wieni, you idiot? The only station in America that has caught machines that are almost sitting on the floor. Well, what thing about today, man? It may not have been great, but at least I've been consistent. Total technical ineptitude. Everything I've touched has turned to shot during this 4-0. Yeah, whatever, feels like I'm hunting. What the hell is that? What the hell is that? I want to play here. I don't know if we're like two or three cuts left on this card. I don't know if we're going in our goal. You're a big car. Three times. There's no other thing in here. If you feel it's going in here. You're a good fool. Is that our penalty coming out? Come on, we're doing it. Oh, my God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, baby. What's this station? What's this station? What's hockey? What a way to Wiod. Your hockey intensive station for the 90s, man. We are going to take that puck and just jam it in places that haven't been invented yet. But man, he is the biggest backstabber in the building. We already knew that, Adam. Have you ever had Billy Joel? I never have had Billy Joel. How does wife but never have? Yeah, I had him a long time ago in Miami. Once 17 at Wiod, D and we're smoking and choking it today, we got the big tailgate party this Sunday night starting at 5 p.m. Because it's an eight o'clock game, of course, against the jets. There to be mediocre jets. I know they beat the crap out of us up there. I know that. That's ancient history. Hi, this is Mari Fowicz, wishing you a happy Hanukkah. I wonder if Connie Chung says, Hanukkah, you know, Connie Chung? Boy, I can't stand her. Miami Beach on a starline. Daniel, how are you doing? Pretty good. Hey, I took your advice. I got the ticket to 15, the river. Is that me on a ticket? I got here on one of these speed traps. Yeah. And we went up the court to the day at 14, just a center. Yes. They took care of me. No point to this. What did I tell you? They know how to do it over there. I am telling you. They did it, all right. And so these other shoppers are going to know, nobody, you know, helping them out or anything. They went up there. And they got the same penalties, all right? They didn't get any point to either. You said, I'm out of $100. How about you explain that? That's cute. What a jackass. What a moron. What a moron. This is the one in the spell with Don Hell. I'd be Don Hell, Jackson. And today we're going to spell the word benign. Bearded with the now benign. Be in I. G. N. Now let's use it in a fin. In arithmetic, full plus five benign. This is loaded to spell with Don Hell. I'd be Don Hell, Jackson. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Welcome, friends. Your tuned to Pirate Radio AM777. I'm the host John McEugh. And it's Poka Saturday. We invite you to come out and see us at orange row 54. And if we must just leave our kids, Martin Luther King Boulevard, Fort Myers, Florida. I am an embassal. Good one. How are you, Neil? Is this John Jr.? Yes it is. What a voice, John. Do you, are you really a friend of his? No, I wouldn't say that. He would say that, but I wouldn't. Oh, he did. He's the, he's the definitive radio drifter. He is, he is the stereotype of everything bad that, you know, we think about in radio. People who can't keep a job, people who always drunk in the, down on the, in the gutter, and people who are just generally asleep bags, that's John. But he's a good guy. Yeah, but otherwise an ad. And of course, they used to keep his wife in the trunk a lot. Well, it was much discussion about that. He claims to be divorced, but nobody did ever see her again. He said he was wife never went to Miami. Right. So, I think that's the way I'm glad your show is over here. Yeah, you're glad it's over so much. Yeah, over here. Yeah. We didn't get sun down here. Not where we live anyway. I know that. Why do you think we went on there? You think we went on there for the honor of being on in Fort Myers, Florida? Come on. It's probably the second largest market in Florida, right? Yeah, at least. Right. Okay. Next to Oca Chobi. All right. Well, listen, have a great day and give John a big sloppy kiss for us. Okay. Oh, we get to tell you. Yes. Okay. Oh, God. See what we're dealing with? I am delighted that we're getting those calls. Because that's it. What you hear is what you get over there. God Almighty, it's frightening. 138. We have another light-fingered story to report here. Another little, a contra-tombs here at the Isle of Dreams Complex. Halcyon was just showing something to me. No, not that, Johnny. And come to find out that our friends next door at your honorable hometown station. A lot of our meals, since we're right next to our channel seven, a lot of the meal, if it doesn't say whatever on it, it goes to the wrong place. A lot of our meal winds up a channel seven. And she was told me that more often than not, if it's like a package of some kind, it comes back to us, opened up and with stuff missing. And she just showed me a thing from like the Columbia Video Club that was for Marvin. And they know who Marvin is. And they know he works over here. And it originally had two video cassettes in there. Right? Now it's been opened up with one cassette in there. We want tape. And the other one is missing. And they bring it over. I mean, why not just steal a whole thing. To show you how smart they are next door. If you're going to finger something of ours, Sally, or whoever to hell is fingering it over there, they'll why not just take the whole damn thing. And as you know, we don't know anything about it. And I think about it. Never got delivered here. I lost in the mail or something. But no, they opened it up. They steal a good stuff and then bring like the crumbling's over here. That would be like opening up a box of candy that was sent to somebody here in the building. And just eating like all of the candy and then leaving the wrappers in the bottom. And then closing the box up again and bringing it over here. Yeah, have some more a Hershey Kisses Johnny. Go ahead. You're free loading a slob. I'm trying to land on the pollo para ca. I did that one time. About 15 years old. One 51 and the search party I never came back. Let's go to Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. They're still looking for it. Pretty good. All right. Listen, long time season holder here at Dolphins game. Yeah. And got a little complaint. I never used to put the attention to Dolphins. Danny and 12 couple weeks ago when you started talking about him. And I bet you probably started to get the hammer already. Now I think my eyes offer this asshole. Yes he is. What is he doing out on the field? Good question. We get something. Anything. Anything even close to alive. Better not crap. He's got the stupid flag that says go go go. He's the one that needs to go. He's got two things. He's got the thing that says go. And this thing that says do the wave. And we all out of wave him. Good vibes. What we ought to do. No. Danny is a dog. Oh. On another note. About Ann Bitchup. She's not going to be on the level of court news anymore. No. No matter fact, they agreed to give her like extra diesel fuel. So she can ride I 75 across the alley. Well, here's the inside scoop on that. I hear she's getting together with Sally Fiskus. That he fits. Get off at 10 if you know what I'm in. Yes I do. And I heard. I said. Did he get together at a little bit. Is that the inside story? Yes. Okay. Have a great day. We have an open line in day. 751 and 2 and Broward. 524. I'm thinking on this Elaineette tour thing again. What did she expect? Did she expect that she was going to be that we were going to fire Chuck and make her the news director? I mean, Elaineette tour couldn't lick Chuck's ass. Under any circumstances, she's not like not in the same league. Chuck Myers probably the best news person that's ever worked in the market even if he has crappy tasted music. He is our news director. And so what did what did she think? What did she think was in the works for her here? That she opens up a big mouth. Like I said, kiss the ground that you got a job because you can't read for a shot honey. Hi, Alia. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing sir? First time calling long time listener. By the way, thanks to a guy named George who sent me a t-shirt that says shot happens on it. All right. Not bad. Okay. Neil, I took your advice last week and went to the pizza law. Yes. Had a great time. Yeah. Was Jeff there putting on a little display for you? Of course. He's always there, I guess. Yeah. And another thing I wanted to ask you about. Whatever happened to that broad bunny from Kendall. Good question. Boy. And I'm sorry you brought it up. I don't know. It's been months and months, hasn't it? Yeah. Maybe she found a life or something. She got blown away by the hurricane or something. We can only pray. Wow. All right. That was it. I feel better. See, I felt better and I didn't know why. And now I know the reason. Thanks a lot. Okay. Have a great day. Yeah. You know what?