I gotta go, my brain muffin just kicked him. Okay, 10 out of 7 at WIOD. If anybody was at the homeowner's meeting, it may fear less. Now, I'd sure like to find, I would like to have been a fly on the wall there, but I didn't go. I could find out what transpired, probably nothing. And I have some more to pass along about that a little later on. Also, not planning, of course, was on last night. We'll probably get our not-slanding people. WIOD. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hello. Hello. Who's this? This is Joanne. Joanne? I have been to be the niece of the people that Mia was living is staying at their house. Really? Well, this is Neil Joanne. Hi. How you doing? Good. The not-slamming lady told me that I should call you. Yeah. You've been trying to get in touch with my aunt, Nanko. Yeah, hopeless. Hopefully. I don't think they exist. Well, I think. I'm not sure, but I think that they're in Hong Kong right now. They're in Hong Kong? Great. Well, that's nice. They're also really never at home. They're always at their shop. Don't you see how that phone number? Yeah, I sure do. Have you tried reaching them there? Mia, they're not there. Yeah, I was talking to your neighbors who lives behind you. Oh, yeah. Did some pretty nasty things? You know, something? I haven't done anything to the neighborhood lives behind me. Like some kind of psychotic recluse or something. What is their problem? What's their problem? Besides a satellite dish, which was none of their business in the first place. What's their problem? Well, I was talking to her yesterday and said that it's making the neighborhood look crappy and stuff. It makes the neighborhood look crappy. Yeah, that you have your satellite, because she couldn't keep her both there. No, I don't have a- nobody sees the satellite. It's got a patio wanting on a deer. Nobody sees it. And you know something? And you know something? They have an awning on a- a- just same kind. It's not open, but they have it over their patio table, too. Same colors. Grace. Now, what's the difference? I don't know. I told her that. It makes the neighborhood look crappy. How come nobody else in the neighborhood thinks it looks crappy? I don't know. Yeah. I just told her that I think all the neighbors should just see you alone. So what are we all the other night? I'm sure the audience would love to hear. Well, all the other nasty things they had to say that we can repeat on the air. Well, just that it looks crappy and she's mad, she can't have her both. Why should she have a bolt? What's the comparison between a bolt and a patio on a brullet? Is this woman? No. Out of a reminder? I don't know. I just- They can't have their bolts, so I can't have my deceit. Do you see how childish these people all are? Well, that's what I do. Do you see how juvenile it is? I see how you feel with that with my uncle or later. Well, you know what? Let me just tell you something. Once I take the dish out, which I have another 11 days before I have to remove it from the city, once I take it out, the umbrella is going to stay there. Just out of spite and there's no law against having a patio on brullet, okay? There just won't be anything underneath it. So they want to have accomplished anything. Right. Or it's just like the neighbors who search house on you alone. That didn't accomplish anything. Yeah, it accomplished something already. Got everybody crazy. That's what it accomplished. Yeah. Yeah. Wonderful. It's a wonderful complex. It's just a one. Just tell your aunt and uncle when you talk to them next time, just for them to kiss the ground that they don't have to live there. I'll tell you what. I'll take the dish out and I'll put a boat in my backyard. How's that? Well, that make her feel better? No, that'll piss her off. Good. Only won't be a real boat. It'll just be a replica. Like of the Queen Mary. How's that? And we can have two queens. Okay. But anyway. If I talk to them, I'm going to tell them that you're trying to get to them. Yeah. I call you. Well, what are they going for? Like a year or something? I think they were going for a few weeks. A few weeks? Yeah. Boy. Yeah. The neighbor was saying that they're supposed to be moving back, too. But I didn't hear that. Well, the neighbor sure knows an awful lot. Don't they? They're not moving back for three years. That's what I heard. Yeah. So the neighbor's got some bad informant. Neighbours awfully nosy is what I think would be the bottom line, right? Got a nose like Serenota Bergerack. Like Joey Reynolds. Well, listen, what's your first name? Joanne. Thanks very much for the information. Okay. And next time you talk to my lovely neighbors, give them a message for me. Okay. Tell them up there. See you. Okay. Bye. Bye. What a great first call. Outstanding. They don't want me to have the dish because they couldn't keep their boat in their yard. Now, I think it's pretty obvious. You know, you see the similarity between the patio awning and like maybe an alligator or a boat or a renoceros or hipopotamus or, you know, a 40 gallon tank with piranhas. I think there's a lot of similarity, don't you? Boy, just incredible. Shocking. Shocking. Anyway, boy, that's some pretty good information. See how you have to find out through the radio show. You can't find out anything else, you know, just to regular channels because they're in Hong Kong and this one's on the moon and that one's on Uranus or whatever. Anyway, it's 10 16 while people are starving. Okay. Just everybody relax for that first call. We might as well go home now. That told me everything I needed to know. By the way, if you're interested in becoming the Miracle Baseball Team PA announcer for all Miracle Baseball games. That means municipal stadium in Papeno Beach call 783 2111 for more information. Now, what does anybody know what that is? The Miracle? Okay. Now, the words if you call, it'll be a Miracle. Okay, let's go to the Nots Landing Lady on 5. That's not landing boy. Well, the Nots Landing boy. Well, I saw Nots Landing and I assume. Are we a minute, hold on a second. She's on 4. Yeah, I'm on 4 now. And he's on 5. Why don't you put him on? We can put him on together. Hi, not planning, lady. Hello, how are you doing? Good. What do you think? I thought it was pretty decent. Yeah, it was okay. It was okay. Can you believe some of those that honestly that they're showing how many women? Yeah, I don't know. Can money really buy that many women at the same time? Anything that moves, he's into him. You're good. And what about Danny? And Pige is mothers and pretty much anything too. Yeah, she's always been like that. Hey, hello, everything like that. Yeah, blank. Exactly. That was the only really good part of the show. Yeah. Is when he was just about starting to curl ends here and a little locks around his finger and page walked in. That was good. I had a few good yucks over there. And of course, Michael had a lot on the show. You know, I figured out something about Michael. He's like on the outside of everybody's existence. He's like a little lemon looking from the outside in. Really is. But he doesn't have any life. He's not into anything. He doesn't do anything. He just goes to work. He comes home and can only imagine after that. But that's it. Yeah, he looks good last night. Yeah, well, yeah, for about six seconds. What about Danny thinking that he owns the house now after? Danny is Danny's archived. He ought to, you know, something I think Danny used to be in radio management. I really do. How does he get to own the house after just moving? Well, he just kind of like moved in. She moved out. So he's there and she's not. You know, they say possession is 90% of the law. That's it. Like my neighbor's boat. Did you hear that about my neighbor's boat? Is it, you know, really stopping think about the comparison. See, this is our grapes. No, no, no, no. We can have our boats. So you can have your dish. You should have figured that out through this train. So ruining the looks of the neighborhood. What are these people thinking about? And they are so mysterious. Now, every time you go anywhere outside, they all have a set of clothes to blinds. And the lights all go off. It's like, man, it's the most bizarre scene I have ever seen. It's almost like you should write a book called Makers one. I'm beginning to wonder if Danny ain't hanging out with them. That might be it. Maybe he's the relative. And he could be. And how about these speaking of a broadcasting, how about Michelle Lee's groupies? You know, I think about any of that stuff. That one, hairy guys, like Gilbert almost. See, I thought I was losing my mind because I looked when they caught here. And I said, that's not the guy that they kept showing before. And it wasn't. And the other guys are kind of lurking outside. He had one regular and one not so regular. Well, when you're in this business, you know, I'm weird psychopaths out there who get all hopped up, you know, just can't control themselves. Take a little too serious way. Yeah. So I think probably what's going to happen, this is my prediction. What was that? Who's that one of Val's kids again? Val's. Val's. Val's. Anyway, my prediction is that the last episode of this season, somebody's going to shoot. This guy's going to shoot at Michelle Lee. And then it's going to be like, well, I have to wait till September. I click. Remember what they did with Val last year and the last show. Well, same thing. Every last episode has to hang out with shooting. Yeah. I think Val and Gary make maybe a... An item, yeah. Yeah. No question. That's a third time. Well, there are matchmades in heaven. And Olivia's been helpful. I noticed that Val had a Ryan wanted Gary's horses too, so... Yeah. Did you see Olivia come in this morning on the bus? Yeah. How did you like that shot? Am I in the international airport? Isn't it nice that they've changed the facing on the whole airport? That was the most funny shot. I guess for six seconds they weren't going to come all the way down here to shoot on location. Wouldn't that be something if they did come down here in two part of the show on location? So we're on your show. Yeah. And then maybe Michael will come down to get his money from... What's his name? Harold. Yeah. Yeah. Do you want to turn it? Do you want to turn it? Do you want to turn it? I'll sell him a bus ticket. Well, listen, excellent job. You've analyzed it perfectly. And you're becoming quite a match yourselves. All right. Okay. We'll talk to you next Friday, Neil. Bye. Okay. There they go. Mr. and Mrs. Birkin-Frak. Ooh, I like that. Can you do it in there? There we go. Okay. 21 past 10 WIOD. And that was okay last night. I wasn't one of the great barn burners in a history and odd slandy, but it was okay. It wasn't Tom Broke on the nightly news. That's the same year. What do everyone do? It's Iolish. Say, Colleen. Would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me wax my shellily? Ooh, now that I wouldn't make it Patrick. If you be wearing the gleam. I know there's a smart lusse. Please make sure her light is wearing the Kelly Green Protection over leprechaundoms. Don't be wishing her a foiled if clover. I'm sorry for the gift of gab. Especially if you're planning on kissing some blindest stones. Herds of what have you? Be double it in your protection with the apocalypse. They're strong enough for a man. But I like him too. So, it's yourself a different condom. And you won't be catching anything else. Okay, we have a very distraught collar online. What is it, six are you there? No, there's that ticking sound. Next probably going to be happy about that. You know who that was? That was next buddy. His number one fan. I had something special all planned for me. You'll have to call back before I'll play it. Okay, we have one open line in Broward and one in Palm Beach. And a very mellow Friday. Don't you feel just like kind of laying back today and just take a little nap? Just that ambiance. Dyson warm outside. And the wind is blowing in the breeze there in the trees and between your knees. One of those weekends. Let's try higher leo. Hello. I'm here. Good morning. How are you? Okay, what's the, what's swinging? Well, I just woke up. Oh, oh, man. What a beautiful day. Day. Well, but it's still beautiful. Yeah. This one is shining here and the gorgeous higher leo. You're not in high leo. They wouldn't let you in high leo. I'm in high leo. What do you do? Shopping my mames brings it to the video store. Oh, man. Who's that in the back? Are you all sleeping together? Yeah. All wake up together. It's morning with a start, I bet. We all see what this is. We have new leaning to the phrase jump start. Oh, I'm here. There they are. They're all there together. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Okay. Day. Day. Day. day.rzy. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. ? past 10 at WIOD there's an opening in date and the will answer Broward right here won't wait WIOD. I'm sorry what happened to you? I'm just couldn't take it then. Everybody was happy and I listen listen this is gonna make you feel better okay listen just don't say anything yet. All right all right don't be a naked walk it in have you feel better thank you I have some bad news though what I'm gonna read a memo you're ready go ahead you might start hyper ventilating here this go ahead to a m programming at new stair from boy Gary thanks to Nick Lawrence's quick action and I witnessed to the Miramar plane crash was routed to the 610 WIOD newsroom allowing us to get the story on the air first for his quick action Nick will be enjoying a dinner for two at Kurt and Jack's nice going Nick at come carbon copy Nick Lawrence good I knew I'd get him in the right frame of mind what happened by the way yesterday on Alex's show in the midst of a 600 other hate calls he had the guy who did this cart this guy boy his voice is so recognizable I haven't heard him other than on this cart until yesterday if you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 WIOD you missed this as if the bird yeah bird how you doing okay listen do me a favor play anything because I can't stay listening to you you sir I could do speck do I just do me a favor play anything well can I ask you a question before you go oh god you sounds so stupid I hate to talk to you yeah go ahead why did you call me I didn't call you not just to tell you not to say anything just play something oh god can't stand it well then why are you listening I play something already why won't you answer me you want to see he won't talk to me oh we got a car here how long you turn it down to about 60 I'm ready to really freeze in here I'm serious turn it down make it as cold as you want man that's the way to do it I want to be like Disney I want to be on ice Mike Disney mentally that is anyway it's 10 30 a WIOD it's a wonderful Friday the not's landing people have called and my land ladies niece is that what it was called and it's been pretty productive WIOD okay probably an experiment again getting a little distraught WIOD that's what I said yeah are you on a phone are you like between a rock and a hard place who is this this is Neil who's this you are in a radio sir there's a seven second delay now did you call to speak to me or hear yourself on a radio I call to speak to you okay now are you in the car where are you you're on the radio sir how can you always talk bad about about Florida yeah have you ever seen a map yeah seen a map do you see the shape of the state of Florida sorry you're listening to me yes I'm listening have you seen the shape of the state of Florida what does it look like it looks like a pan handle it looks like a pan handle yeah I can be no go back up north the Florida let me ask you a question do you know what a pan handle is yeah do you know Oklahoma do you know anything yeah I know I work I don't care where you work unless you want to give me a free plug you want to give me a free putty sounds so surly about what is your problem why are you so surly you people listen to the show every day over there don't you yeah the what's the problem unfortunately we listen to it all another word somebody is forcing you to listen yeah well let who is it is it somebody Rick is Rick over there yeah put Rick on a phone hold on yeah slime ball come on Rick come on Rick I want to talk to Rick I don't want to talk to this guy guys hello Neil is this Rick yes who is that guy he's one of the workers here that I'm now content what is his problem he uh I don't know what is problem I've ever listened to you for a long time and I come to work over here I want to listen to you on a radio and I always want to turn it off to another stage yeah because you're a bunch of doodle bags Rick I will touch exactly what they are and now listen to you right now and he said well I'm going to call him up and I said you can't even get through and he called up and you got right you got right through and I'm going to pump each line no sweat yeah so I like to listen to you my mother listen to you yeah well you know I asked him what the state of Florida looks like he said a pan handle I mean this guy's got the brains of a monkey well he's got a fart in his brain he's got a brains of a two inch monkey he's got the brains of a three-year-old pig me exactly I couldn't have said it better Rick well listen don't take any crap from these yahu's just tell him to bug off tell him the reason they don't like the show is they're too stupid to understand it that's their problem I know everything is going on exactly I know when you say something they don't know what you're talking about I know what you're talking about right well that's why they feel left out it's just like my neighbor with their both they can't have their both so I can't have my dish right same crap all right well you have a good weekend and don't take any crap from morons right okay okay thank you yeah eras are cut there's a kind of guy we respect in Palm Beach who stands up for his rights until it what's the state of Florida look like it he says a pan handle sir don't you understand the pan handle is the handle and the upper part of the state in the upper part of the peninsula or is that word too big for you sir I'll see he wouldn't understand what uh the state looks like because he probably don't have one anyway it's 1034 a Wild let's go to Miami hello you know the best part of not playing thing is pages out well there's something for everybody on that show sir and you've obviously been watching very closely how's your pan handle doing yeah well obviously there's somebody in Palm Beach who was born without one well let me tell you something new you're so so I know but you know what what you love it you're right okay 1035 at Wild you see don't you say that stuff for Alex don't waste your time with me because I've been here too long and I know better the Palm Beach line's ringing again ATG operator we sit across from BJ BJ in the Bahamas or is BJ where's the call coming from up from where from Delaware yes we certainly will operator and have a wonderful weekend thank you you too okay hello hello who is this it's BJ great how come you sound so quiet well you hung up on me the first time why is that I don't know I probably cause I'm calling the Pell Palm Beach line I hung up on you when this morning that just you just like when you enter the second I go you said the Palm Beach line is ringing again yeah no no that we had a call from there and then go I know it was me you answered it no we just we just we just when you listen to me thunder head we just had a call from there just talk to somebody there oh Rick well I just call on there too it was bus and buddies up there well listen so you're on now don't catch don't belly ache you've been down here too long just think you're in Delaware think what heaven you're in now you're gonna hold on a second right all right because we're paying for what we got to do a little business but we're paying for it sure unless you got something else exciting going on up there yeah like maybe you're in into a peninsula and we're in it there's a car coming out okay hold on hold on okay check out see what kind of dismal be back to you hold on okay we'll come back to Delaware in a second it's 1036 at Wild. W I O T I wasn't that bring back great memories of home sir boys all choked up about it either that are falling asleep or did you wake up sir I know you're in Delaware but that's no excuse you know let me ask you is Delaware like he's a Delaware like a panhandle say what now just ignore it so what's going on not much for you are so exciting today now usually you give us at least a little something well you're giving us something today it's called constipation I'm I'm looking forward to a little bit of that I'm just kind of getting over some salmonella poisoning so oh I thought South played for the Oakland A's third base I thought he played third base for the Oakland A's yeah but they're on their locked out right now so that's yeah yeah what oh that's what we're getting sabotaged by Hispanic provocateurs of the TV Martina or whatever go on today TV Martina yeah so that's probably what it is Castro is probably increased the power over there trying to knock WI of D off here so anyway for this I'm telling you people are just falling onto the floor from this call I figured out about the guy in Palm Beach by the way called earlier he took shop in high school go ahead sir see you don't understand any of it because it wouldn't you be better off on hold for a few minutes I mean it's up to you what's your call what is the reason you called besides put it into a column I'm disappointed to hear the recall on the Palm Beach line because I really was calm to say that I think you ought to change this line from the Palm Beach line to the Delaware line Delaware line because it's the only line I ever call in on yeah okay have a nice weekend okay you too bye bye oh god let's rip him and ask now okay he can't hear us that was pathetic wasn't it that could have been one of the worst calls of all time one of the worst of in history 1041 at WI of D but we got a humor right so if there's anybody who took shop in Palm Beach call 655 isn't and I choose don't take shop in high school okay trust me but there are some people out there who take shop which means basic I don't want to get into it you know what it means Carol City can't hold watching flight order tails talking about how bombs are feeling 95 barrails when suddenly with the bullet and the piece up onto the screen came his partner and this up he said just he and the I witness room he's covering the more team have been looked to my oh he'll have more dismayos comment about that 5 30 people don't come to store to make the turkey oh there's O'Jurkey oh there's O'Jurkey oh there's O'Jurkey they first covered high oh there's O'Jurkey we've heard of a car and that was the album and he was a Paul he said thank you Janet Reno I'm glad that you're called we got to take a fan I guess it's 13 rhyme besides it's really close to the lesson time his Howard Judge friends that I will not fail y'all no sister any mention of any failure the challenge is going through future keys the class who yeah they so dirty oh there's O'Jurkey oh there's O'Jurkey they first covered high oh there's O'Jurkey so there's O'Jurkey oh there's O'Jurkey oh he had but almost all the people said the guy is a fun he read the land of that noise oh he should even go when I guess the contest is so fun and what did we do to him all of this job so can't find the more copies at 1295 people on a brand new world's baby he's really like he's driving into the bank because he's so dirty oh there's O'Jurkey oh there's O'Jurkey they first caught the time oh there's O'Jurkey's O'Jurkey oh there's O'Jurkey they kind of a car outstanding thank you what is that huh who did that uh me and my brother's here no come on where'd you get that is it a record I bought it from Tanner Tanner did that yeah yeah see I knew it wasn't from GTR because it's too good to be there stuff no GTR is you know mark mostly did it right GTR just as I will how come we don't have a copy of it here so we don't have to have you played over the farm well because those thumb-up kids over there don't send you one they will they will will there is in fact Cox that's he owes us that for all these chronic calls that he makes on our show John Cox talk to the name of Christa what he is huh well what can I say if the shoe fits were it exactly have a great day thanks thanks one job that was great 1045 but we like to have our own copy Tanner okay so we can play it loud and clear we'll give all the credit in the world to mark mostly in all the great people at power 96 I guess anyway there's an opening in date 751 W i o d you like to speak to Neil Neil Rogers or Mister Rogers are any Rogers do you have your sneakers on sir hang on let me lower my radio and your sweater why is it up on the ceiling he's lowering his radio later oh there it's on the floor now hold on I can't seem to catch it really how about the radio hey do you hear Alex show yesterday yes sir what a moron with that I'm gonna block your call yeah he's a good popular he's a chip off the old block all you have to do is call the operator listen operator on that block let me say this to you sir let me say this okay the audience has been brutal to this man now you know that they're brutal to yeah like that two brutal yeah a two brutal tea why is that why because he's terrible did you call him forty times yesterday no I just had the pleasure of hearing people call him and tell him he sucks okay do you like him personally yeah personally is that what you said yeah he's a good guy yeah I think he's a good guy he's just unfortunate he's gonna let me ask you something let's change the subject okay uh peninsula or panhandle uh prior handle okay have a great weekend all right ten forty six a wio d we have an opening in date county seven five one wio d you want to speak to Neil oh Neil who's this is it right I know it no I can ask you a question yeah because we all love you madly okay some of us more than others but um why do you sound so happy I if I were you I'd be a little psychotic unless you got some good news oh yeah you got good news pretty good news what it's not your baby oh yeah man no no my baby how do you know not it you're not pregnant I told you know you kids get so hysterical but it should teach it should teach you a good lesson if that Rogers got some bags in the other room right now they would come in handy the next they're a little big but I'm sure you can handle it thank God next I'm telling you don't be messing around get out those lepros condoms man I guess so you can't try somebody uh legal age might be a good idea next time you know yeah right get to have breakfast this morning with um how many guesses do a Gilbert yeah oh Rick come on you're getting like Tim now notice Tim's too embarrassed to call anymore no I just you know we just have breakfast he paid for it and there I didn't had a good time and it's Tony listening right now I think so I mean I like your brother Tony's a nice guy but uh he invited himself to come in here and Tony weighs uh £495 I don't want a big fact guys in here we want you to come in not not Tony don't take it personally it's your nice guy but you know I can look at big fat ugly guys that are gonna have fat rich coming or I can get a big mirror on the wall see uh Tony did you give Tony a little uh lecture on what this shows all about yeah I see other standout uh okay well he won't be coming in then it'll be nervous but nothing to worry about Tony trust me yeah right tell him he just got to put him in your core bit yeah that'll be something hi he's an anchor he could be the anchor on the Queen Mary nah don't take it personally Tony come on there used to be a big fat guy huh yep why are you always so happy happy side the fact that you work in a video store and you just sit there watching nullos triple x rated movies all day oh no it's great this is a great life oh yeah I guess so it's very great to hide get paid for watching uh mini does Miami Springs I guess that's pretty good deal but anyway what was it what was that gonna say before oh used to weigh 210 pounds yeah anyway how much about 140 50 yeah 160 160 yeah and your how tall six three six three and that's a so you're like spelt yep this guy used to weigh 210 pounds used to be a big fat slob like his brother Tony don't take it personally Tony but us fat people we got to embarrass each other and to lose in that weight so we can all be thin and beautiful like Rick yeah right now Rose called and yesterday and she said she's ready she said she said she's ready she said she admits it she's into young guys and she'd like to take you out for a little ice cream I'm telling I'm willing and I'm willing ready willing and able okay yeah he said don't worry about it she's you know beyond that point yep what are you doing today what am I doing yeah well I'm gonna do a little show here and then I'm gonna go with Tom Dennerburg have a little lunch and then I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go to Lionel Playworld I'm gonna buy a little toy boat and throw it over my fence into my neighbor's yards so you can have a boat in there yard that's the always wanted I'm serious I'm gonna patch a note to it I'm gonna say here's your boat help you're happy now we get poor gasoline all around it did you do you either that did you hear that thing though about they they don't want me to have my satellite dish because they can't have their boats like little children all like in the house well given them a boat I'm giving them a boat free I'm giving it to both of them well Rick I want to tell you now you come in in one day next week you're gonna keep playing hard to get so to speak I'll come one day have you ever looked at a map oh map I'll get state of Florida now what would you say the state of Florida looks like on a map can say okay but you have a pretty good idea yeah it rings a bell yeah I rings a bell okay so what is it Monday you're coming in Monday yeah I bought in there for a couple hours okay well that's what you said Thursday too and you shine this that second day because your boss is a pinhead how we'd like to have you around here for it just you know just to look at and kind of find a little bit yeah I'll go and I'll surprise you okay you know yeah promises promises have a great weekend Rick yeah yeah one more thing you know what Gilbert was he was at the Randy Martin oh yeah we're about one hour Bill's gonna have a relapse oh man that's a good one yeah give me a call Rick okay no problem breathe heavy on a phone not now let's see yeah 1051 that video I would do he's just oh 1055 look at that boy we're getting way behind there so anybody see the Larry King interview with Lewis Ferra can last night that was the most embarrassing but looking interview I've seen in my life I could friend Lewis Ferra can and no matter how much Ferra can lie he just just sat there like a statue oh yeah okay okay the only interesting thing he said was don't be thirsty though okay here's a mobile in North Miami hello gone oh boy I love that sound Carl Springs hey Neil on the bulk of line I can't wait to get the bill for this one it's gonna be out good one my not planning material is old if you so we might as well forget it yeah but alright I don't mind pin you know the shape of the state of Florida if you really think about like the shape of a severely swollen hemorrhide yeah that's true yeah it's still pretty much the same with the people here it's been and the state does tend to be a pain in the ass uh definite right but no I think uh let's see as far as uh let me just know a not so anything to you uh hoping that the disease that uh who is it uh Greg some thank you thank you that he has passes on to Michelle Phillips and her boobs drop off yeah well I think she's only got a uh sewn on anyway yeah I'd say but I didn't really I didn't realize I was Michelle Phillips yeah I had no idea sure is well we like Michelle we got Michelle Lee yeah show of Phillips and uh maybe we'll have Michelle Gillon on it okay yeah yeah in the tradition of uh she can pay some on because you don't have any yeah and like Michelle me like can we write you letters and can we get pictures of you and your right face or let me just do us hmm interesting thank you have a great day 10 57 of good old Wiod it's a fabulous Friday God what a great day to be alive if you could all be as happy as Rick in the video store life would be worth living right I think there's something going on we don't know about dear field yeah uh Neil the big Howard line it's not interesting the big great tomorrow in her deal what's your opinion on uh for the Derby tomorrow I don't have any opinion because I haven't paid any attention to it and uh that's the name of that tune I will get the thing out though here for to make you happy I mean you got nine horses so it's not like 12 yeah well I like this smaller fields would like two or three horses then you got a chance yeah let's take a look here what we got in the Florida Derby tomorrow shall we where the hell is it and I know you don't like that day and he's writing the favorite I hate that day it makes me nauseous makes me sick to my stomach um where the hell is it where is the field for the Florida Derby on the front page of the Sun Sentinel no the Harold no wonder I have the of the sports yeah I would think so here's the business section now here's the local section here's the sports section boy this is quite a project okay um lipped in tennis nobody cares about that shoelace as marino's going by by maybe uh here it is oh and the Pope the Pope it's a Ross' warning no chance sunny served top snobbajiri baili baili on bridle with padday is the chalk country day with valiente roanoke with Craig Perrette Slavic I don't like that horse it all single don with La Feet Pinky's he back writing he got injured you know yeah and run term with frisago with the roanoke with the Craig Perrette yeah just to be different well I got my bank book here and I would take all my money out of my flag left federal today I'm gonna put it on roanoke excellent okay okay good luck to you say thank you so I remember one thing what a fool and his money are soon parted well that's why called you good luck bye bye okay you'll need it anyway that's offered a Derby day the track opens at 930 tomorrow the gates and then the first race is early at noon because they've got the Florida Derby and all the festivities and the activities the big day of the year at Gulf Stream tomorrow is so get the whole family together get out there okay and just you know like this guy go to the bank today and take out your life savings and leave it all there tomorrow but you'll have a real good time well look at that ant rose is gonna be on in the next hour that ought to be really fascinating we'll have a little time to kind of finish off the tail from yesterday so to speak Henry Barros got the 11 o'clock Wiod news and then we'll come back maybe Henry could be the a PA announced your miracle baseball the letter in the net steady anyway we'll come back at 11 o'clock Alex Bennett would just tons of guests to to this afternoon sports talk and stand major from 8 to 11 news talk radio 610 Wiod for this new Rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 Wiod in day 524 Wiod in Broward or 655 and 278 Wiod in the fall other areas may call collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 Wiod I have no life my name is Barry think like a fairy I write bad songs about romance while I'm wearing bandit fan I'm trying to shrimp me my songs will be I had a series of big hits that was back get 76 now no one wants to hear they only laugh and fear they won't even say oh my albums but my songs are queer got a no like a banana my two fans both live in my channel got a no shit like a banana oh my no you can fit half on the city of Atlanta I write the song I've got a hug the size of the occurs when I get a snowdown nose I need to twist it in a hole but now I'm on the cake my life is back in place and so I'm seeing again and sticking my snazzy your face got a no shit like a banana my two fans both live in my channel got a no shit like a banana oh my no you can fit half on the city of Atlanta I write the song Okay, it's 11.07 at WIOD and at Rose's on line. I love that thing. Hi. How you doing? Okay, I know why Rick's so happy. And why is that? Well, I can't blow anything we can talk about. No, I can't blow any secrets. I'm not touching that light. Just a joke. I just like joking. Okay. Now, we're did we leave off yesterday. You called at the end of the show. We ran out of time. A whole lot of second rows. WIOD. Yeah, I'm on a car phone. Oh, geez. Hold on one second. This guy says he's on a car phone. Rose, what do you think? No problem. Well, if he is, go right ahead. Okay, you sure? Sure. And I could have beat. No, I'm not under pressure anymore. Good. Oh, really? Hold on. I guess he's free. I don't know. Okay. I'm calling from Board of Beach. From Board of Beach? Yeah. I guess everyone else calls his point in peace. What? A horrible place. A horrible place. A horrible place. If you want to vote in your yard, move to Boiton Beach. And there it is. Then you can have ducks in your yard and pick up trucks and shot guns and... I like cats. I'm embarrassed bumping out lady after that line. That was a pretty good line, eh? Yeah. I bet. Well, listen, she's been hanging out with that young stuff. You know, look out. What do we say, uh, any help? I just call it a sale, oh, and uh... See how things were going. But let me get that lady back on. She's out of real interest. I really have no material. Okay. Now you're a hell of a guy. Have a good weekend. I did you tell me. Okay. See, wasn't that nice? What a guy. Yeah. That if he's used by your material, he's easy to please. Oh, I'm telling you. I think the state of Florida looks like a gun. What do you think? I'm a little bit of a gun with a short handle. Uh-oh. Okay, okay, okay. Well, there's always been something falac about a gun. It has always, uh, all those national rifle association people. You know, all those guys that have to have their gun in their hand. Yeah. That's what I was for. Something very, very deeply psychological about that. Freud would be embarrassed. Yes. Speak, sedentational. Mm-hmm. Feeling. No. The thing is, um, Jean Paulie had a interview. A show called James. Why do you think they call it a six-shooter, Rose? I don't know. I don't know. Uh, it was called changes. Okay. And they had one lady. You work with the Camille House, and I'm sure you appreciate this. They talk about the changes of how people talk. What can, what can they go through? What they do with their lives? And if couple, they had, they were very well off. They had a daughter that she grew up, and they, they were happy, but something seemed to be missing in their lives. And what they did was, uh, oh, the lady worked, I'm sorry. The lady works at, uh, interior decorating place. And she saw that these people were coming in, and they had, they, they've ladies were losing sleep, or were what wallpaper do you use. And like a flash, it came to her. She said, those people out on the street, losing sleep, because they had nothing over their head. And, and in other words, they just kind of, shut. Stopped it all in, and opened a shelter, and ran boys a year, something like that. But what I needed to say was that there is quite a bit of positive, and you know, there have to be, you know, with the Camille House and stuff like that. And, uh, I just, I can't stand the cesspool that we're in, but, you know, I have to look for the good. And, uh, the sofa was so solid. I just needed to say that it really was me. It moved you. It did. I wish you could have seen it. I think you would have appreciated it. I'm sure what, uh, what the, uh, two people were doing for these people, up in the Idaho, when it was just very nice. Well, you got to understand the whole world's in the same asylum. I mean, you understand. I know. And that's why I need to look for all the good. I know that's why I wanted to not share this with you, but tell you, no, no, no. I needed to tell you about that. And that's about it. And I just want to, you know, give it a positive note, because there's so much negative, and I just want to say something happy. Well, was it that great? Well, I'm, I hope so. Well, Rick said something better later. Rick said, loving kisses. Someone's mooch isn't mooched. Exactly. He said he's ready. I'm not going to say anything. Well, I'm not going to say anything. Well, Rick said something better later. Rick said, loving kisses. Someone's mooch isn't mooched. Exactly. He said he's ready. Now, you said I was ready. Well, he said he's ready. I guess everybody's ready, Rose. We're already. Have a great week. Here you two. Bye. Wow. 12 minutes past 11 at WIOD. We have an opening in date, county. Seven. WIOD. Hi. Hi. How you doing? Okay. Great. Do you want to hold? Sure. Okay. Why are you so happy? I don't know. I just am, but because I, I just the first time that I've heard of, I'm not going to be a great, well hold on. We'll make you wait a while and you come back to your room. I respect the good old day. Okay. Let's see. 10, 20, 40, 60. Let's come to the cross for time. My pass is off to the top of the key. Take him by Julia's tribe. Wow. Oh, my. What a hoax of mine. One hit. It went mil sand. Exactly. This is the doctor. You can when I'm on a fast break from the usual breakfast routine. There's only one place for me. Sam, duck and donut. Check out the old star, Lana. They got Dale Dawkins, chocolate thunder donuts. We'll chamomile that finger rolls and even Moses Malone. One hit at jam, beer donut. Hmm. Hmm. Head up. How about a box and one to go? Yeah, baby. And give me a cup of coffee. My one. Me, dear one. I love you one. I love you one. I love you one. But no, Karim, please. Oh, that's bad. So make your best move to slam dunk in donuts. We stop our food in your face. Okay, 11 17 and a WIOD and let's, uh, either was something I was going to, and oh, I know what it was. It's a soda. Very simple. Just did. Do you think that the she rolls got sodas and her thing? See if there's anything in she rolls thing up there. North Miami Beach, hello. In Neil. Yeah. I've been holding over an hour. Wait a minute. I wasn't going to do that other guy first. Oh, you can't leave me holding any more. All right, just a second. Just second. You don't mind, do you? No, no. I just called in anyway, right? This is, I'm still not over yet. So, yeah. Okay, hold on. Okay, he's the way. And he just called. Oh, hey, Neil. I've been holding since a least an hour. Really? Yeah. Well, I must be getting a kind of black and blue by now, huh? Hey, well. Oh, no, I mean. I'm your listener from PCC. Great. You're the only one we got left. Yeah. My name is Larry, by the way. Well, that's good Larry. Everybody wants to be a big celebrity in a superstar. And now you're a red. Oh, thanks. You're a red, Larry. Well, I just wanted to say, I, you know, I've been holding an hour. I don't even know what you say. Yeah. Well, that's why we didn't get to you. I'm just going to say it here from BCC. What do you major in shop? Um, I don't know. Oh, oh, you're just hanging out there. Yeah. Like most of those kids. What do people take at BCC? Like wind surfing and basket weaving? Wind or washing? Shop. Yeah. Do you know kids who took shop in high school? Yeah, I was one of them. Did you? Yeah, and I'm Jewish. Do you believe that? Oh, no. Here's a Jewish kid who took a shop. Thank you, Melvin. And high school. Oh, God. Oh, you are really a reject from the human race. No, seriously, the kids are not too bright and they're going to be, but they are mechanically inclad. And they take shop. There's nothing wrong with that. And then all the rest of us kids used to line up and laugh at them. I mean, oh, look at that. He's doing wood weaving and woodworking and cross-stool. Well, somebody's got to do that. Manual stuff. Okay. But Jesus, doing manual labor, Larry. What kind of stuff is that? I don't know. Boy. Well, you know what the peninsula looks like? Well, I'll be careful now. Okay. What is it? Well, I think we're urinating on Cuba. Well, there are a lot of people who'd be happy to do that as long as the people are sir. Just wanted to pass that along. Oh, bet. Well, listen, Larry, you've been quite a caller now. I want you to do a little assignment next week. Okay, because back in the Zayda days, we were really hot at BCC. Well, we had everybody. We had, we had them all. Well, I'm on spring, great this week. And there's absolutely nothing to do. Really? Oh, is everybody on break this week? From BCC. Let's see. It's March 16. Yeah, they're all up in Daytona and in Mexico. Right. And in Texas, and all other kinds of places, but not here. Nothing to do except with a shuffle word. Yeah. Well, you probably be good at that. You're mechanically inclined. You can get that little thing right where it belongs. So, you know what I mean, Larry? I know. Catch my drift. Well, listen, have a great weekend. And when the school go back again. This Monday, I was off the show week. All right. Your assignment is to scow up other Nilees at BCC. That's just maybe even get some of them to call in. Oh, you know next week. I don't think you'll have much success, but give it a shot. Okay. Well, that isn't real. Well, and the same to you. Okay. Take care. See you. Well, look at that. Somebody who takes shot, who closes the call by saying, Zyg is on. How do you like that? What the hell is this world coming to anyway, huh? And that it's a shock shumier. I don't like he's a little puny guy. I don't like him. Anyways, got a crappy attitude, you know? Sometimes. Anyway, let's look at the guest list for the Alex Benichoter. I tell you what, I want to see a tremendous studio audience in here at Sprite A. We got all the college kids you're out on break. Most of them haven't got a damn thing to do because there's nobody in town. You know, this the season ever happened here this year. The only thing we got was traffic, but no business. Everybody tells me that. Where's the season? When is it starting? I hate to break the news to you, but it never showed up. Anyway, film critic Mike Snyder, Sean O'Connor, for St. Patties Day and lookalikes. Whatever that is, and then comic Kevin Meaney. The rock bed nuclear valve does and many more guests. How many more guests can there be? So let's have a gigantic tumultuous overflowing studio audience for the Alex Benichoter. They come on down and just hang out, okay? This is the Neil Roger show. Woo! This is the joy-run old show. Any questions? They did that for that. Oh, good idea, but the execution isn't like they said with Ted Bundy. The execution isn't quite there. We have an opening in Broward at 524WID. That's in at Line 6 where somebody just got cut off. Kendo? Neil. Yeah. I feel like I just ate four dovey for you to surprise with beans. Great, or with beans? You know what that means. Yeah, I do know what that means. Okay. 27 after 11 at WID, let's go to beautiful Pompano. Hello. Neil? Yes. Come on. Okay. Here with it. There's another one here for mencloth. Your mother, I bet she's a hell of a cook, huh? Oh, she's no, she's a... yeah, if it has tasted, it means somebody made a mistake. Don't be so stupid. You got it. Listen, she says you rude and you've been thrown off for anyone five minutes. I do it. That's not rude. We'll call you a douchebag. Yeah. Her name is Connie. Would you do it for her? She is a douchebag. Connie, the worst. Thank you. She's a cook. You know, pot. The only thing she makes any good is your chipoot. Oh, yeah. I have no comment on that. Yes. And listen, I was in the bathroom before taking a shower. Yeah. I looked down and I saw the state of Florida. I believe it. Okay. Just a member of Panhandle. Panhandle, all right. See you later. Do you need a favor? Yes. If you get a chance, would you play that meal through that Donald Trump song? Oh, sure. Okay. Yeah, it takes up two minutes. Okay. Oh, yeah. We'll play that. Anything that's long. Like the state of Florida. It's 28 after 11 at WIOD. Let's, that was Papadol. Let's go to Plantation. 11 28. When one's a job. Hey, why are you here? You're here. Go ahead. I'm fish for it. Continue. He's got with the grass roots man. Run, run, run, run. Run, run, run, run. Let's play the whole thing. What is that? Oh, it's Gary's birthday. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. But you know where, I'm- I'm the king. I get all the love you've been to night in the day. Okay, and no problem. Okay, let's put Ranssen John on a hold there for just a second. He's on your music way, A1A. Uh, a lady on six in Miami on the Broward line getting very confusing. Hello. Hello, is this New York? Yes, man. Yeah, listen. I have a story to tell. I was in New York on the eight last week. You were in New York? Yeah. And I was in New Orleans on the Philadelphia show. And they had, um, as their guess and as their topic, can live through. And they performed their song. Yeah. And I don't think that songs were, you know, edited at least at the time, or, you know, in any way. And they had a panel discussion. Okay, and they mentioned Martinez and, you know, they mentioned the situation in Broward. And, um, I thought she was 10 when I got back and said, why don't you go to, you know, basically, why don't you go to the show? You know, I thought in this morning because it hadn't been aired in Miami because I've been watching every day. Yeah. And she told me, normally they aired the following day, which would have been last Friday. Yeah. So I'm sitting here saying, what's going on? Why aren't they airing the show in Miami? And they're not giving you a reason? No, they told me to call back on Monday and see what her, you know, it was going to be scheduled for next week. Sounds pretty, pretty evasive to me. Sounds a little fishy, doesn't it? Yeah. So I just thought I'd call on time, my story and see if anybody knows anything about it. I don't get it. You think that they'd want to have that on its local timely? I know. Well, I don't know what the problem is. The only thing that I can think of is, I mean, the lyrics to the song were rather, let's say, Well, there's no way that they would let it go. They would anything that was risky would be dumped anyway because it's, you know, on tape. Yeah. We'll see. When I heard it live, tapes during the taping. I said to myself, I can't believe they're going to put this over the air. But then I thought maybe they're going to believe it. You know what I mean? Yeah, dump it. But there's, you know, so I don't know if the show's been aired all over the country and just not Miami. Or I don't know what the situation is. Well, I saw promo for it on maybe it was on my satellite. I don't know what channel I was watching. I did not see the show, but I saw a promo. So it's sure aired someplace. Yeah. So I don't know what's going on. Well, we'll find out. We'll get to the bottom of it. Where are you really? Even if we have to jump into Ann Bishop's truck. We'll find out. Okay. I want to appreciate it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye. It's 1132 a WIOD. We have it opening in Broward if you move very fast now. 524 Judge Grossman, 524 WIOD. Are you doing this? Is it Robin? Yeah. Are you doing more? Okay. Two. Can. How are you doing? Can I? I said in there when you want time. Okay. Uh, Terry Marionman's by report. Okay. Hold on. Okay. Let's leave him on hold for a long time. Plantation. Yeah. It's 1130. Hold it. Hold it. Wait. Hey. Hey. Come on, Ron. You can do the talk up. Boys, 980. She won. No, it's not through a muscle in there. You know, it's to look the old crow ahead of all the talk ups. Don't step on it. What thing about Ron St. John? He's into the guess who big time. He's an A1132 at WIO. D's got good taste. Miami. Hello. Hey there. How you doing? Oh, you're still there, right? Yes, I am. But I've got a couple things to control. You have a couple things. Well, that's good. That's a good start. My first thing is, um, Shape like Florida. Yes. I learned the lines of that, uh, Donnie who laid you who called. Uh, I think some of these, uh, right wing fundamentalist types need to keep an eye on other things that are going to be a video in TV. I work for a international, parcel delivery company. Uh, the initials are PUS, but not necessarily in that order. Hmm. And I see. Yes. Well, that's appetizing right before lunch. Yeah. Well, anyway. Who is that? Is that Val's child that you got there? That's mine. Oh. Creamy is head off. Anyway, I receive numerous packages from questionable companies. Actually going to questionable companies. Hmm. They have somewhat explicit, suggestive names. And every now and then I can call you and let you in on one of them. Uh, today, one of them I noticed was called Tale for Men. I don't know. Make what you want of it. No, that's alligator tale. I guess so. Yeah, that's frozen. Grimmie cuisine. They get lots of packages. Let me tell you. Huh. Is it big to watch wrong with that? What's wrong with that? Well, hey. What's wrong with the tale going on here and look at these people losing their money? Well, they're at least you can't. You can't. Well, just relax. Okay. You can't deal with those people. They're immovable and intractable and they'll kill you with their kindness. And they got all the answers. The only problem in the countries that all the all the other people are like laying down and sleeping. That's a problem. They've all gone into a coma. All our great liberal and moderate friends. And I like all these people are having a field day. What else did I mean? Yeah. I just didn't mind as proposed. I was keeping eye on the male system as ridiculous. I mean, even after it's censoring the cartoons on Sunday morning. Exactly. You can't keep control over every. Tony Dow is upset because they want to censor the reruns of leave it to beaver. I think it has a suggestion. Just to title. Leave it to that door. The other thing is you're complaining about a week or so ago about no advertising and it's true. I don't see any advertising for your show. No, no. Wait a minute. Let's clarify. There's a lot of advertising on the show. You mean no promotion? No, this thing doesn't promote anything except the morning show. Right. This is how the information for the Rogers program. I don't say that out of peak toward Mike because Mike and I get along great and he does good job at all of that. Right. They only promote one show which is kind of bizarre. Right. Well, if you're getting the little amount of promotion that you're getting, this could upset you, how are 96? I saw a metro bus advertising for Cramer, the midday man, the other day. Oh. I know. He was kind of a... Oh. Yeah. You would have thought they would have taken care of that. That is tacky. Well, listen, now that you revealed that, they really got to give me one of those records. That is horrendous, grotesque. Anyway. Okay. Well, listen, you really got me a depress now. Have a great weekend. You too, see ya. Let's see if it's time to buy your tea. To rump the monster ego lived like a king and fall it with some new bioseccs and had himself a flea little wifey vana, suit better asco trump and sip the house and twenty mil, another fancy stuff. Oh, together they would shut up, buying anything for sale. He vana kept a lookout for it. While Trump went out for sale, stole its vams and dimples. Wood bow and air he came. I rate him's wood lords of price when Trump roared out his name. Oh, trump the monster ego lived like a king and fall it with some new bioseccs and had himself a flea little wifey vana, suit better asco. Then one night it happened. All the papers gave the score. Trump's game was a dope to read to evarner this man whoo. Castle's and casinos trump would all retain. For evarner got the shaft, pre-nup chose made it plain. Without his life long friend, his marriage on the shelf. Then Trump's that monster ego gladly made love to himself. Oh, trump the monster ego lived like a king and fall it with some new bioseccs and had himself a flea. Trump the monster ego lived like a king and fall it with some new bioseccs and had himself a flea. 1141 at Wondey we have an opening in date counting. I can't believe it. 751 trump 751 Wondey. What do you think, Ron? 1143. 1142 Ron. Ron. Ron. 1142. 122. Ron. He left me in an untenable position there. Ron, don't ever do that again. Okay. Wondey. Yes. I stepped all over the Buckingham. Excuse me? Go ahead. Don't worry about it. Just try to keep up with us. All right. What's going on? Yeah, um, Neil said to call for anybody to shop. This is Neil. No, it's nice. Yes, it is. It is. Trust me. What I kid you? Well, yes you would, actually. What I thank your chain. Well, possible. So anyway, you took shop? Yeah. So what's wrong with that? Well, I'm asking you. I don't think anything's wrong with that. I think you have to stand up and be a man, right? Well, yes, so. What do you do for a living? I'm going to school. Are you going to school? Are you going to school? What's wrong with that? I'm in high school. Are you in high school? Yeah. You're out of school today? No, I just came more for lunch. Oh, good. Yeah. Decided to catch you on the radio. Well, that's good. That's an excellent lunch, Charlottes. Listen to this show, right? I'm one of the very few. How do you know that? Why do you tell your friend you're listening? They make faces and they tell you your number one and stuff like that? Oh, no. Just at my school, you know, it's a lot of power. Any sick. Yeah, I'll add crap, man. So now to pollute your brain, right? Who needs that garbage? Yeah. Well, that's good. Taking shop. You don't have a lot of pressure, right? Well, just here. But like, still, you know, just two projects and all that kind of good stuff. Yeah. It's also bad, do you tell you? Yeah. Kind of work on cars? Yeah, get to work on cars and all that. Learn how to hot-rock cars, steal a few for R worries and stuff like that. You can be retired by the time you're 25. Actually, we're sadies, but you're... Oh, there you go. That's not bad. Okay. You know where to sell them, huh? Yeah. All of us in have a wonderful day and a great week. About what school do you go to? I'll stop, man. You see in your house. Oh, outstanding. Yeah, all right. It is. Okay, me. One of the all-time grates. Yeah. Say hi to all my pal over there. All right. Have a good one. Okay. Five. How do you like that? That's where we are folks. It's dead down. They're spring break going on in Daytona. But we have the senior break here. They're all out there with a metamuseul and their walkers and their kale pectate and their sweet and low. And they're all making life miserable for everybody else. That's Florida ladies and gentlemen. Look at the map. It's shaped like a big, phallic thing. And if you live here, you get a giant screwing at no extra charge. See, that's why Alex came here. Is he heard that? And he didn't understand what they were talking about. It's 16 till noon at WIOD. Right, Ron? Yeah, you've got to ride on a new one. You're music. Well, I've been for an easy action. I owe his caught in your bread, too. Oh, from spring break. Okay. All those kids you're out there out of Fort Lauderdale. Toes you rise and pretend. Oh, this is me. Oh, this is great. See, I like the way Ron, let's me do the talk up. That's what I really appreciate. Ricky Tickey would never do that. He'd have to do the talk up himself. It's 16 till noon and let's go. Remember where the boys are for Lauderdale, 1956 Spring Break people living and breathing. Just a few years ago, I remember. Just walled a walled people all on the edge of a hundred. I'll have a good time all, you know, a little crazy. But what the hell? We don't want that here. We want senior break. We want to have them out there and their little golf shorts and their caps and the soft float of uniform with their blue hair flowing out from underneath. Let's go to West Palm Beach, Joey. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Neil, did you listen to his this a call from cemetery village? Uh-huh. Oh, it's almost time for the Majogtonum and the felty. Don't miss out. Can you remember, uh, or, uh, did you listen to Alex, so you have to say about three clocked the guy that laid into the bird. Calls him up. I mentioned that before. Oh, yeah. I'm way ahead of you. I've been played the card. I hate the bird. Yeah. Oh, that was great. You could recognize that voice anywhere. Can you? Listen, how come we never see Peggy Lewis and Manio and the Riga at the same time? Well, that's a good question. The same reason you never see and Bishop and, um, I'm trying to think of a good one here. Martin and Alberto Lover together. Well, this, I want to call my friend Tim and I get in Kenny Diola and my wife, Lynn, I'll do some breaks. Okay. Thank you. See you. It's 1146 here at WIO Dean and we have it opening in Palm Beach at 6.55. 6.559.463. 6.555 WIO Dean. Here's a lady in Miami. Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm fine. Guess what I've got. This is a lady. This is Ms. Glove at Timmy. Oh. Oh, you're sure putting on a good voice. Oh, I have lots of them. Do you? Yeah. I'm about 10 of your callers. Now, come on. Yeah. Sometimes I think they're only about three callers out there and just do voices. You know, they do stick. Oh, I did me a West one. Did you? Yeah. Well, how was it? Well. Oh, no. Don't tell us. Don't tell us. What everybody fantasize. Okay. Well, guess what I taped yesterday. I'm afraid to ask. I taped the conversation between Alex and that guy that did the bird call. Oh, do you have it? I have it. Great. Would you like to hear it? Oh, I'd love it. Okay. Hold on. Keep in mind who this is now. Oh, yeah. No, he does. He does. Really? He does. I'm going to hear that guy suck more than Steve. I think I suck less than Steve. Yeah. On our, let's look at the suck meter right now. No. Steve was entertaining. Yeah. It's, you're entertaining them boring as hell, entertaining boring as hell. You're not going to have to put up with me much longer. Well, that's what my call is about. That is why I'm calling. Where are you going? What are you doing? I'm going back to San Francisco. You're kidding. Why do you come? Why did you come? Why did you come? Did I find it very intramyable? Okay. Oh, but why did you bring yourself down here? Because I assumed that there was an intelligent population down here. Already to be given high quality radio entertainment. Oh, come on. I was sadly mistaken. So you're running back home? And when I'm gone, you know, who's replacing me? I'm just figuring it out now. Okay. No, no, no, no, no. Sorry, you're not that lucky. It's going to be a, they're going to put a team in here. Dick Pharaoh and Joey Reynolds. What about Gilbert? What about Gilbert? Gilbert? Gilbert is not a radio personality. Oh, well, I don't know. He's sort of entertaining. You're really running away. Well, may I say, oh, now it's really running away. Well, I mean, you come down here a few people call and say you suck. So you run home? I mean, that just causes commotion. That's what you're supposed to do. That's what, you know, I mean, the more commotion, the better you're rating. You know, I, why am I listening to you all during my career? Well, when you want, I needed you to make it big. Well, I can help you. I can help you. Yeah. He's the one. What did he say that being a came in and then you'd suck. Well, I think it's because people like you calling over the foot times. Sorry. You're a sweetheart. Yeah. Where'd you come from? She's some San Francisco. Can't you tell? Yeah, I go on back there. She is going back. I thought you said you were funny. Who is this? Gary. No, this is Boris. Boris. Yes, this is Boris. Is it Boris? Tell me what you like. I mean, we can we like block his call. Yeah, why don't we can never call the station again? Why would you want to do that? I think we'll do that. Let's do it. Why won't you do that? Let's block his call. I mean, not that A. Why suck? Not that I do it. Wait, wait, wait, wait. You can get out of this. We can either block your call or you can tell me I don't suck. Okay, honestly, you suck. Okay, block his call. What is going on? He's blocked me. I really haven't got an after-eye after-eye. I have to live with myself. Okay, excellent job, Gary. It's 1149 at WIOD. We have an opening in date. Coty were Guava Jelly just hung up. 751-946-3751-WIOD. Hey, one here. I've got a dedication from Mayor of Fort Lauderdale. Remember this Mayor Cot? Oh, Rod here the best. There's no question about it. Okay, more big hits from Rod say John. Just a minute or two, but it's 10... I wish he'd fix his watch. 6... ...10... ...25... He's carry tails can come true. It can have a do you... ...if you're carry heart. While the white is away, In the townhouse you play. If you're carry heart. A big price you'll pay. If with women you play. Not once it was twice. You were caught with Miss Rice. You're really not too smart. If you can't stay apart, Now you won't be present. Gary Hart. You won't be the president. No. Gary Hart. What a... What a rendition. I just said, I got to be on the Alex Benichos. Shouldn't he with Eric Blamburk and Larry Bremler? It's 11.55 at WIOD. Here's a mobile on I95. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Let me tell you where I'm heading up to Ocean City Mall. Alright. Yeah. How do you pressing? What are you going to do up there? I'm going to go up there and get my apartment for the summer. I live up there all summer long. Well, I don't blame you, sir. I'll say it's fantastic. But what am I going to do for the next week and a half without you? I mean, I don't know how to survive. Well, we're what you're on I95. I'll catch up to you. Give me some suggestions. Just put on your headlights. I'll catch up to you. Okay. Take a silly favor. Yeah. I think that Santa Claus Elvis thing about eating all the time. Oh, man. I know it's fantastic. Oh, man. I mean, I just played Gary Hartwich is a little outdated, but it still has a message. Elvis claws, you mean? Oh, and it's what? Are you there? Boy, he's got the crampious mobile phone. Well, sir. Oh, like you. Like a very much. As here is the king. I don't have a middleman on much for a while. But I want y'all to know what up here in Rockerville, haven't I? I'll be thinking of you. There's Christmas. And I'd like to give y'all a special Christmas message. I'll be as a jeep piece. Like, uh, how about a little piece of that pack on, Bob? Thank you. Hold your arm on. Block hole sling. Christmas is a time of food. Time of joy. A time of all living. And I sure would love it. Take slides that feature you got there. Like a little water. No, or like. Oh, yeah, Christmas. The Christmas to me means family. Your family means friends. Your friends means getting together. And getting together means eating. All past me that tongue to take, which of these? Well, I'm liking it. I'm going to run more. I'm going to run more. Not just when I'm going to play to you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't nobody so big. You can't reach out to help in the hand. Would you hand me a help in those mashed potatoes over there? Which of these? Like me. My grandma. Now I will try and, anybody so big he can't. Stoop to help a friend of the needle with the holiday season. Speaking of season, you won't pass me that self-sugar when you get a chance. Like me. Yeah, just don't screw the cover. That's right. Like me. So this Christmas, I don't tell you I'll take a tip from old. Hey, old. I don't know. Leave those steak tips right where they are. You know what I mean? You know, I appreciate it. I want you to remember. For all part of God's great big family. And you know God made man into his own image. Look at the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big, big, simple one. You know what I mean? I'd like you to. But I especially want you to remember this one last thing. And you're all this homeless Christmas. Springing that popcorn up on the tree. And it's really a big, big bowl for the can. Next to butter, normally. I'd like you to. I'd like you. I'd like to remember. Okay, have a safe trip, Seren, as we go up to the top of the hour ladies and gentlemen in the noon double night. Hey, John, you're 14 years ago. And butter wasn't even the state back to 94 to nine, baby. Here's Doris. I want down the table. I want you to show me. He followed me down the table. And he followed me down the table with my heart. He followed me down the table with my heart. Oh, oh. So listen up. I tell you what's the quality of the day. I'll bet Doris. Anyway, that's still gonna do it for the Saturday. Deborah Martinez is a steady buy with the illuminating and ever a constipating noon double DUIOD news. We're gonna come back at 12.05 and continue. Probably somewhere are the great highlights. The hits of all time from Ron say, Jon, on your music way, A1A. And he Alex Benichou, a two-film critic by Snyder and the Sean O'Connor and the local likes for St. Patrick's Day Comic Kevin Meaney. Nuclear Valdez, lots more guest sports talk at 605 and the Stan Major show from 8 to 11 tonight.