That was the days of Anita Bryant and all that. I've admired you ever since, but anyway. December 17, 1976, so it's almost exactly 15 years. Yeah. And a week. But off I had a dream last night, I had a dream that Miami Beach was built up and I had to see. No. Yeah. But he was having a good time. I think delusion would be the word out of dream. And all the time. And then making me tickle one nine races Wednesday and I did a pop at a park. You also dreamed that. Yeah. Just a joke Mickey relax, so it's only a race. You know, if that was one good thing about Alex Bennett. And here comes Raymond Scholar on the far outside. You ready? Yeah. It was one good thing about Alex Bennett. I got the footwear. Oh, that's a here, dude. Alex Bennett. I got to see the studio. Oh, you were in the live studio audience. Yeah. And how? I was one of two. And I got to see Dickie Farco and Tom Zicka. Yeah. I actually got to see an inside working of a studio, whatever. And it was fun. And he is as bald as you say. And wrinkle and old. Yes. Yes. And in closing. I'd like to call Bob and B.D. A douche bag and Frank and Rosely my parents. Thank you. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. Don't do it again. Well, this, I don't, this, this chord. Can we, I mean, this is supposed to be a real radio station. I say, suppose to be, can we get a chord in here that isn't got a Jordan it? I like to kind of like, stroll around the room here and the roll around on the floor on this roller and to go from rack to rack and to pretend like the Mr. Hot Shop. And every time you like tug on your chord here, it starts crackling. You ever have that problem? You start tug on your chord and it crackles. A pay phone from Kibis game. Anyhow, you know what? Okay. You know, I've been waiting for this for a long, long time. Got those three. Finally. Huh? We're gonna get a guitar father. Oh, that's good. That's good. Deal. Yeah. You kill me every time you do it. Very well. Every time I do what? Every time you play the music, deal. Yeah. You know that they're seeing when, when Michael goes to K, but after when the guard father is talking to him, I'm brand new. Remember, he's telling him that, when the country is going to kill him, Okay, he's not in that scene. That's out in the gardener's in the backyard. Yeah. The next little last time, with Michael Starckel. Whoever brings it as meeting is a little traded, just remember. This is a brand new emyco, only on the right now. Very amusing. Okay. It's planned. Well, Michael, Michael, has his hand. Is there a hole in it? Yeah. Because he's a man, they're showing his hand. You know, all these ones in it, too. All these things that I've done, I want to do. Okay. That's gonna be the thing. Remember that. And the one, mainly the boys coming to me, girls. That man came. And I was here for your boy, you know. I was here for you. I was here for you. I was here for you. I was here for you. I always thought you'd be brought in this country. And the one, the one, the one. I'm leaving you. And I know you're gonna go to my mom tomorrow. I hope your first child is a masculine child. I want you then you are. Talk 25 at IOT. Yeah. What? Anybody who says that that isn't the most powerful movie in the history of the film industry is full of crap, okay? It just kind of like permeates every cell in your body. And every cell in Arcadia at BCC, not BCC, BCC, JL and BCC, same difference. Most of those kids at BCC couldn't get arrested. For a lot of them. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes? Mr. Rogers? Yes. Have you seen the, the Godfather when they put the boat to them together? And you see all of the, the scenes, what, what, will cut out to both movies? Yeah. That is incredible. You know, whether the guy who brought the car with his wife in there? Yeah. And, and he finds him in a team. Pubretio in the studio. Pubretio. For Barola Manca. A. Isn't anyone? I have a guest, sir. Yeah. He's gonna come to you. It's gonna win by a pair. Have a great life, sir. Boy. By the way, how about that guy from England, the very Frank? He was okay. The mod he was a good guy. He won the Zuba pants. And he was going to go back and show him off to the queen. He was good. Uh, there were a lot of people there who were real good. Of all kinds. Well, that's good. That was a great remote. I don't want to just overdo it. But the charcoal's remote was fabulous. We had a great time. We had a just fabulous group of people there, including several at, uh, We're going to get personal invitations right to our studio. Miami. Yeah. Yes. Uh, I just wanted to correct one. One point there. And so was the Baker Schelfer as a reen was the name of the Baker. Yeah. The Baker was, um, that's a reen. The Baker. The Nazarene was the one that came in. His daughter was in love with his guy. The kid that was going to be deported because he didn't know that. That was end of. Oh, that was end of. Yeah. Oh, and, uh, and Marlon Brando says, give this to a Jew congressman for the Bronx. That one of our people. Remember? Right. Uh, for him to be, uh, to the, uh, to the, He get his green card or whatever it was. Right. Right. The other thing I was going to say, I also think that, uh, I heard Rick Sanchez thing. And then that Godfather fell. Founded like him in the background. Could be. Yeah. When, when he slapped him in the face, and he said, butcher up a little bit. Take that. By the way, Rick Sanchez has a new album coming out. It's called so many pedestrian. So little time. It's going to be big and hallowed. It'll be a big hit. I think you bet. Yeah. I want to understand. I was going to say. But, uh, I've never been able to listen to your program during the day because I, uh, He's in this a real tweet. It sure is. But I'm one of the, uh, the taked gang, uh, each night, uh, I managed to, uh, listen to the preceding one hour tape, you know, You should tend to a web and a clock. Great. Well, I'll have all the good stuff in between 10 to 11. Well, you use you to use the introduction to program. Right. It's very enjoyable. All the four points. Right. Could I wish my, uh, cousin, Don Michael Barrett. Don Michael Barrett, the douchebag. Uh, happy holiday. Okay. Thanks, Lightning up. And the same these. Nice job. Thank you. By the way, 1229 at WIOD, your Godfather. Why do we decide that we must really be succeeding here because we could get Making a nickel to call it an asshow. We must be doing a lot of things right. Let's take a call from Boko. Oh, you're Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, darn Cheechie. Don Cheechieo. Don Cheechieo. Don Cheechie. Cheechie, Cheechieo. Well, he was, he was more. That's Mexican food sir. Cheechie. It's a university grind. It was the guy who was trying to kill all the, uh, Well, who killed off the entire, uh, This was, uh, the guy to gave that, uh, Andre Dorschenball. I was curious to know what we got for it. As a donation, you know, You auctioned it off. The undi, Andre Dorschenball. Yeah. Uh, what do we get 50 bucks, I think? That's $50. Okay. That's a curious. Well, that's not bad. No. Hey, that's great. Yeah. He was at the, uh, show the other day, Sunday. Yeah. In the mall. I missed. Great guy. The hawk is a hell of a guy. And by the way, this is the year. Yes sir. Comps are going to be hot this year. We got George Bell. Brandt. We got Danny Jackson. And. We got Dave Smith. And. That's the market's going to be good. Awesome. Markers got him have another big year. Right. And, uh, hopefully a zimmer will get smart. We'll play the sense of where we dance center field. We're going to do your own walk. Right. You got it. One of the thing, uh, I, uh, I'm a gentleman in, uh, I picked up about, uh, flying a pound's a vegetable. It's a problem over the Camille Assassin. You know, squash. Great. String beans and stuff like that. I've just put it in your name. Good work. Thank you. Thank you. Have a good one. Yeah. What I don't understand, I'll get two baseball intensive. Although it isn't that far off. It's almost January. So we only got about a couple of months. Spring training will be getting underway. I can't believe it. Incredible. A couple of months hurricane baseball beginning started. No Sam Jankovitch. Boy, is that open up a couple of doors, huh? Although son of give me a dirty look this morning. I don't know what that meant. Give me that great check for Camille Assassin on the back was an out. Keep your nose out of the baseball. I only meant by that. Now, Sonny's already. He's a good guy. But, um, baseball right around the corner. What I don't understand though is the cups and made some. They picked up three free agents. But what I do not understand is what are they going to do with three catchers? And with two outstanding catchers. I mean, we've got Hector Villanova who weighs 700 pounds, but can hit the ball. We got Joe Girardi who improved dramatically this last year. And, of course, we got Damon Berryhead, a Berryhill. They got to make a trade. I know a team that desperately needs a good catcher. I don't want to mention a Metz. This really, boy, what they could do with Joe Girardi. I'm telling you. Now, we don't want too much. Would take, um, good and maybe. Viola, we don't want. I guarantee a Viola will not with this is my prediction. Frank Viola will not win 15 games for the Metz this season. Okay. He is garbage. I know he went all those games and all of them. But they're going to catch you on to him. He throws balls. Okay. He doesn't throw strikes. And if he lay off that crap, all those fork balls low and away. Way out of the strikes on. If you just use some patience, man, this guy gets in serious trouble. And he's got to bring that fat one in there. Right in the wheelhouse in Sanberg hits it about 700 yards out of the ballpark. I was watching you the day the just out of sheer boredom. The game against the giants in Briglio were Sanberg hit the home run that they first called fair. And then they called the foul ball and Zimmer went crazy and got thrown out of the game. It was kicking dirt on Harry Wendell's dead and put on about a 20 minute show was tremendous. And they kept showing over and over the ball was clearly fair. And the third base on par called it right. And then Wendell's stat called a little conference after Roger Craig came bitching and whining and then he reversed and called it foul. As it turned out to make any difference because the cups of one of the game. But it was one of the great arguments scenes of the season and Zimmer we may not win the pan it. But at least Zimmer puts on the best show of anybody. You've got to give him that. And if you had a steel plate in your head, you'd be a certainly two. 1242 a Wio D. I mean he's no David Johnson. Now look who we have on the phone ladies and gentlemen, a voice from Christmas pass. White a day. I feel just like Ebony's your screw. I hate a day. You catch the Johnny Depp reporting names and faces in the front row? No. I sure did. Well he talks about his worst nightmare. Yeah. It's being chased by the skipper Alan Hall Jr. from Gilligan's Island. And he's chasing me and chasing me and he's in his bathrobe. And I jump over a set of bushes and he jumps on top of me. And then I wake up. What? And that it turns out it's not a dream, right? Wow Johnny. Bold misery. Yeah look out for old scissorheads. Come on Bobby O'Hee, they're what a team they would make. Talk about shaping. Yeah. Well listen. He could be the Governor of Rhode Island again. I call my dad. I call him. James. Shapey. Was that his name? Was he Governor of Rhode Island? Come on. You're not as sharp as you're supposed to be high as this. This was Eve Day. Governor who? I don't know. Governor Cole. I call you. Senator Cole. Well I call him. Another president of Antis. I call Grandma Lena Seste in Palermo Sicily this morning. To be sure. Merry Christmas. And let me tell you she's real pissed off about the opening tomorrow. Real pissed off. She said the animacene is not accurate. What's the thing about this? Grandma, it was real big on that. I don't know what you're doing. Yeah. Oh, I'm a Jewish grandma. There's our experts. My planix animus. They're slogan is it's in the bag. Well, they're supposed to be one of those type of scenes in the movie. So there'd be something in the movie. Is there really? I don't know. Grandma Seste tells me that. So we'll find out. Anyway, listen. I want to wish Stan and Laurie and the kids. Merry Christmas and happy holidays in the same view. And everybody stays safe. Good day. Good day. See you thought I was kidding when I said we're going to play this over. And it's not getting old yet either. Just kind of warming up to it now. Okay. Let's take a call from Sandy and Kendall. Hi, Neil. The lovely, the voluptuous, the brilliant, the incredible, the tacky Sandy. How are you? I'm doing okay. Happy holidays. How was your thing so far? My thing's been good so far, but I need a little motivation. I've got to buy this. Well, this is your motivation station. That's why I said before I leave the house, but I can't do it. I'm not the boy. I'm more Christmas present. And I just can't do it. I just have no motivation to do it. You know, another great thing. Remember when Tom Higgins was out there shopping for Christmas presents? No. And so let's go with his men. Pull them over. They said we want to talk. They shoved him into the car. Oh, yeah. And then Marlon Brando was out there buying that fruit. Yeah. That's right. How about when the season is going? I'm going to show you Marlon. Keep your hands off the fruit, baby. Well, yeah. When Michael and Fredo were in Cuba, and it's new here. Oh, yeah. And he finds out the best scene. He gives him that big kiss. He gives him that big kiss. And he says, I know it was you. You broke my heart. You broke my heart. What a great scene. And the other thing. And if I don't see you, I'm a good enough die. And the other scene is when Diane Pete and tells him she had the abortion. Mm-hmm. That's another good scene. I was a boy. Michael, it was a boy. Yeah. And I had it afforded. It was in a book and just like our marriage. Yeah. And that was a good one. Was that my other line? No. Oh, okay. Now I was just probably the CIA tap. You know the mod there in the CIA? Yeah. They're everywhere. I know. It is my other line. Most people. You don't want it. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Link. I don't want to mention this name because it would be in properties. There is certain person from Philadelphia. I know. As I was telling you, that he couldn't handle his beer and he pewed it out. I'm going to haveРЕh out. Anyway to make a long story, and he's written these books and he's bapapabipa and all this other so he called me in other words uh... he got they gave him my number and we got in touch and he started calling me and you've never said his name on the year yes i have a lot of not gonna mention it now but to make a long story short the guy is had a rough life and he's been through drugs in a real messy divorce and just his mind is like a marshmallows and he calls me what would they must have been saturday i'm sitting there watching who knows what and he calls me out of the blue in fact it was just before i was getting ready to go to track and it calls me up and he said i don't know what they're i didn't make any sense and he said do you uh... i would be a he says i'm sure you know what i'm calling i need to get a can you help me with a couple of tickets and you know anybody but he always started with a story about how you sleeping the house to go to a wedding and he best friend whose white is getting married to a black woman and the family i mean all the pseudo sociological and do i know where he can put up a couple of well-being kids for the night and he's calling me is in a field of alpies not here that's it i'm gonna tell you i have no idea what he was talking about with so scary because probably had a few too many before he called me made no sense at all i mean i think he was swaddling perkid and by the bottle for something i don't know what the what it was but i know i love those unexpected from people he would get hurt from yeah and i don't know what his story is i mean he's into like uh... wooden mushrooms or something i don't know what the deal is but he's really bizarre you don't know it's too late i mean like his whole life went by and he's got his thing and i'm doing mine and i just i don't need to know i mean it's okay it's okay it's really smooth back into the past if it can just be like you know hello how are you and find out that's interesting you know yeah not to start intertwining your existence with somebody i haven't heard from in uh thirty years and now is turned into like a human walking vegetable you know i don't i can't deal with it i know what you say i was strange what you think a such Christmas present what was that he's gonna be a daddy oh and i was that for real or is that it you're all my here i'm a rick uh rick with on his way to the airport so it was alone from five thirty to six and i call them and i was the first to give him my sympathy because everybody was congratulating him and it was it was it was it was a definite yet oh so rick is gonna rip him oh oh what is it Wednesday i can't get over it i mean he's an old guy he's in total shock it was his hair imagine that when his kid is about like eight years old i'm going to school and they say well what you did your daddy doing they say oh he's in a nursing home for former broadcasters oh god for a thought he's in with vegetables i said when you mean he's in a produce business now he's in a nursing home with a bunch of vegetables yeah they do listen to Larry King the Saudi Arabia show what are they sticking in the desert no you didn't hear when they projected life the Saudi Arabia no through the army broadcasting in the mutual they had it set up so for like three hours like the family would call in and it was being heard all of the other one those deals no i didn't hear the first i heard the man so you're not kind of show and they dirty words that kind of broadcasting has appealed to a certain element that i do not desire to appeal to and you don't is that a recent court yeah i get it i can't get it yeah about a week ago man he works overnight to that well he actually cried on the radio during the show i i couldn't believe it well you know why i had to make up mirror in front of because it was being televised on seaspan and we looked in the mirror he stayed broke down i couldn't handle it he's practicing exacting skill huh no he saw his image well that'll do it that'll definitely do it meal before i go who's going to the super bowl haven't heard you say who's going dolphins in a forty nine or so how's that for confidence good and now ask me if i believe it well listen once the playoff start you never know okay let's hope for the best and you know what and then maybe joe my channel give to kidnett by lou haltes will go off and get married in ira lenders something and uh we might have a chance against Steve Young you never know you know what on your tape i never did tell you but my favorite song on your tape is the ballad of meal i love it and i just wanted to let you the ballad of meal the ballad of meal meal oh that thing yeah i love that resolution of me whatever the hell that is the ballad of meal well i might even play it now you should i love it okay all right we're gonna have a great new year bobby a bit kiss for all of us i will and have a great time you too bye bye that's old sandy from candle it's a twelve fifty one a wio d we have an open line in date county we're not doing too bad for all day today i can't believe it i thought everybody be like sitting around the uh fireplace roasting their chestnuts checking out their acorns anyway if you want let's get with it we'll listen to that cart rattle that good seven five one wio d let's go to peppy hello how are you peppy all right listen i'll tell you why i call yes i've listened to you for many many years seems like a lifetime yeah but there many times i've been very upset for angry about what about things that you say about the elderly people how you say it but that by let me get to the point i'm calling you because i i i'm calling you to praise you i i can't get over the fact what you're doing for commilith house i happen to be a fundraiser myself i find it's so hard to raise even a thousand dollars for us i know but what you did for the courses you did all my anger all my being upset as we erase the way i just think you are marvelous and i would like to have give you a donation fifty dollars to help you that's great and i really i just cannot get over it i'm gonna i'm amazed how they had to did it approved or the following you have and in the long run you're a nice guy how about that okay thank you peppy all right that is an hour i've been to fifty dollars i'll tell you why i'm doing it really because i'm very late and every recently i have a luncheon of me the people and i omitted the commiliths so this is my chance to make it up at through you great never too late okay thanks peppy good work i can't get bye bye 1256 in wio date by the way did we miss you del's checked at that coming while i was on vacation because i know as soon as i came back i had a big check from Ricky ticky for a couple of hundred i want to say it again sunny her's came through with a big check 250 this morning super just like he did last year great guy and go over give me a big check so uh there's some people can speak you as by their absence right i want about 10 or in the cops over there at power ninety six who every never fail every year come through big time what happened this year time stuff over there they die in over there let's go to a pombono probably sold out the old man that's through it's yeah listen i have a cally we're fully holy um you don't the end of this whole day won't see him no more you don't the end of the second movie that show the scene where it's like where michael tells me enrolled in the army yeah what did you some because i didn't see that making of the movie yeah what was that filmed at the during the first movie it did they bring back like James Con and those people during the filming on the second movie how did they do that uh they didn't make that clear it must brought them back do you think oh i would look like it might have been filmed at the beginning of the first movie they just never use oh that's true could have been footage you're right that's true because it's theirs to do whatever they want with you know the interesting thing in at HBO special they're talking about michael you know in the first movie when they come to the wedding you know and he's sitting there with kain he's wearing his military uh about food whatever it is and in the uh these clips that they're showing they must have been when they were they were all auditioning and he's wearing about two or three different uniforms not of which are the one that he wore in the real movie but it's uh some of them are like comically looks ridiculous what is that show going to be on again uh i don't know you have to look in the TV book it's on HBO and it's really it's an hour special that it sits funny that the outtakes are hysterical i mean just there there there was one part where they kept telling um al Pacino they he's gonna laugh you it before they started filming they said you're gonna laugh no matter what you do and they did they all good j-do ball and james kind of all seen they're just puking their brains out laughing over and over again it's hysteria i have another question for you yes i've seen the second one about maybe three times yeah i'm still confused who who tries to kill him in his bedroom is it tantanjory there is it did you or Miami oh yeah it's maralanski my I'm in it all i'm sorry i say maralanski my i'm in a raw same difference yeah right oh a soldemount right and Michael doesn't even isn't really sure until Fredo says that in the bar in Cuba right yeah yeah that's good it's can't get a myth the second movie is pretty confusing yeah you gotta see it about a hundred times you four yonder bad yeah that's why we've all watched it a hundred times because we're still trying to figure out what the message is exactly right okay all right austamanian well kind of a pencil part of the music now and i think this is a perfect time for us to lead into our pensive one o'clock wiod news but the very pensive an area night elaine et tour who's standing by to bring it the latest and the greatest then the greatest and it will come back with our gigantic one two hours don't domestic that tool clock this afternoon we have a radio history in the making the daddy to be sudson rick boy that is incredible are they gonna have stilts for that baby or what rick in suds the best of them two to six we got a brief but often what what is there to say recap on a 605 and then we got Christmas music of course okay one oh nine a wiod let's go right back to these exciting calls oh is we're going to have a bummer on the first call the hour surf side yeah yeah that's all you play sometimes that little piece from the partage family uh it happy something what's the exact title that song come on get happy i'm going to have a title that i'm sure forty five like what was it what a forty five yeah okay this one that's not gonna try to get out of the scene okay okay see oh i thought it was going to be you like turgumin see i'm very nervous same time we get a call from surf side because surf side is basically a bunch of a douchefanks we have an open line of day seven five one and one on a starline for a bell south buddies our pals are a slime ball star i od four lotter down hey pie's uh yeah pie's on you want to happen hey you make it be way too long my ears you go to sleep well that's a good give you some rest hey listen apart three it's a good father me to pump it yeah yeah yeah yeah and it's a new to my last cue was talking about all three highman rock you use your highman rock yeah my highman he meant to have a dream about a solid house wanna make a bigger city out in the desert but something happened to him it's tell me what happened mo green and what happened he went from a side have a good time to mo dool okay okay so eleven after what blot tell you they're going to be lined up for blocks tomorrow even though it's going to be thank goodness it's on Christmas day right early they'll all be right there won't be anybody of the movie at early huh now they'll all be i'll be stuffing their faces with turkey and a hand and hola vah yeah i'll be stuffing orange oranges ornch peels in their mouth chasing little kids around they uh flower garden did i punch up line four by mistake in pember pine hey deal yes sir how are you guys okay listen i got a good store for you here okay we can find this one remember i told you in battle month and a half and i got full over Miami and the guy the cop is off this off about no i don't want to be listening to this guy and i told me yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the car and all the telecraft uh huh so i'm going from the juxty other day i got my deal shirt on and once you're on a moto print the back of the mug at yeah i'm myself ten tapes for uh Christmas presents which are going to make real new Christmas presents by the way so i stand in there and the judge turns out to be a nearly wow he's heard of you so listen to you whenever he gets a chance or anything else i explain my case to the guy right i tell him i said look i ran the online it is my fault we didn't know we got all the judges in our pockets you know yeah all right i tell him i said you're not trying to be the case i did run the all-nighter back to but you know this guy did not have professional at all i said a guy said there he's harassed me tell me that he did know i'm offended him but my radio is on and he don't like listening to this real ratches guy and all his other crap and i got my deal shirt on tell the judge turn around and did true the case that i told him i said look i said this guy he said to explain to the sentence i'm spending a sentence he said it he kind of around he said look that's a guy in the old ratches i've the only guy in the city right here that's doing so for the people ain't got nothing to eat people i got no place to sleep just come to a house project the guy's got a hundred thousand dollars i contributed two hundred dollars my own money to buy tapes for Christmas presents i turn around said you paid your gear just do right there there you go what did you have that song hey listen you know that uh nine light lady who's which is a fox who died in the night lady the one that uh gives you your updates on the guy's light did i meet her she found her uh find your car's ratcha on her uh i knew picture at the remote remember nice one the guiding light lady you mean the not sliding lady the guiding light lady you remember showing cars once you're twice i mean she got long black here she we i'm gonna sit right next to a fake a fine kid did she tell me she was the guiding light lady i think she did in fact she said she was gonna pay the shows for you when you couldn't see him do i second the house going okay have a good one pal thanks one fourteen in wia do if don't coroleon had all the politicians and a judges in his pocket he should share right he must share naturally he can present a bill for his services because after all we're not communist who is that actor that played the dumbers scene what is his name very well-known actor oh and i saw that now there's a good trivia question he's checked my listing dead a relive for that actor played dawn barzini he's not he wasn't like somebody obscure he's a very uh she i mean we got far enough with dawn tomisino you got it already no we don't have it yet okay and if we ever get line five if somebody could call it online five and brown with the answer to the question oh gee there's a b in the name who's with a b get Mickey Dana in the form right away who's with a b nineteen it's w i would it we're just seven oh bed went by pretty fast today i'll tell you that it is really zoomed by 87,843 our commilis house total plus uh who knows how much in house somewhere i'm teach you must have a lot in the closet all a male from friday and then there's a whole bunch of Saturday and today and the no male tomorrow so Wednesday we ought to be have a flood even Noah would be impressed by even yannick Noah would be impressed by what we're going to open up on Wednesday and the male too so we should be uh over ninety thousand easy in fact they're by the end of this week would be up there uh ninety five maybe pressing that hundred thousand dollar mark i think next week is the week we go over and of course a week from this friday and uh in the week and a half on the fourth of january we'll be doing our next remote at colder race course we'll be doing our whole show their life from ten to bring your money plunger brains out and to bring some for commilis house too del Rey Beach hello Neil yes sir we have a little present here from president bush yeah that's his second call remember the first uh like the first two or three minutes okay have a great day pal and stick your rickus every quarter with a mornado and shine my amy shores hey Neil are you doing i'm doing fine are you doing excellent all right listen did you uh i know you like you love the godfather movie jeverie the book yeah the book was better on movie it was great yeah but the movie was like one of the closest movies to a book i've ever seen yeah great book is always better yeah i want to read high-trees and boy you really ought to all right but see i i'm like 35 years old on 36 and twenty years ago i figured out that nicks him was like basically behind the whole thing can't stand that man um you have two cards he had to pick one out for me i'm trying to quit smoking one of your funniest clubs haven't heard since a long time is like the band is playing smoking for you choke yeah that's hysterical that and the one with a guy with um you just played the guy's what's the thing to curtain or um what the one you just played a few minutes ago yeah the right right yeah okay that one with what's a fight a guy at a jail on all that which is hysterical yeah i just played that last week oh did that stick put uh and another thing um i'm real sorry about billpalders yeah my wife used to work at the station there she says he's one of she had a mess sure was and we're missing and you have a happy chinooka and all the other stuff but if you can get one of those cards he's a one i'd really appreciate it and uh i would get though after mom we'll listen to you when okay have a good night okay 120 to no chance we have an open line in date county 7519463 will go to north Miami mowkree lives yeah i don't think mow's going back there for a rubdown alright i'm trying to really have to see you mow okay babakcia well it was uh it was appropriate ah is this audience on top of things or what Richard Coddy played Don varsina Richard Coddy's like uh you know big time actor he's been around a long time character actor very good and fit that role perfectly and also the old guy who played uh the guy with the horses head the uh holly would produce here he's another one character actor been around everybody and their brother was an animal and that's the point they made in that HBO special making godfather one two and three is that just about everybody in the world came in audition for those parts everybody's you know the one thing i'm not hearing anything about and maybe just as well one of the only person i see in godfather three other than co co-opolis daughter who makes no sense at all is um George Hamilton the 4th i cannot stand George Hamilton for the side of him it makes me nauseous he did just something about him he's a holosius okay and they couldn't get the rubber dewball cause he wanted too much money why the 3 and a half million or something they didn't want to cough up the money cause uh co co-opolis daughter needed the buckthin his father and a whole family so they bring in George Hamilton the 4th to be the new family lawyer the slick uh I just can't see it. I just can't have the vision. Okay, let's take a bag over there. Maybe he'll be the bag man Starline and Broward Yeah, that's you Oh Am I in the air or what it sure sounds like it oh hey that's my first time on a call in credible. How is it so far? Pretty good pretty exciting Yeah That would go run a high 95 coming down from the odd junction. Yeah, how the hehars do it the Yahoo's Very pretty good. Uh-huh pretty boring We got cold for what's supposed to get yeah count from Orlando and we just We just drove that earlier this morning. That's gonna be hell when it gets down here. Nah It's gonna be like 73 tomorrow. It's gonna be back up in the mid 70s and then by the end of the week up in the 80s again Well, it's pretty miserable in the rain up there. Yeah, that's so Orlando. It's a Mickey Mouse town pal So Yahoo place a bunch of you red necks in the douche bags up there Yeah, you got that right a bunch of orange pickers Yeah, I'm a native to town Miami now you're talking you were here when it was a real place. Yeah Well, listen have a great holiday. Are you okay? Okay? Hey, listen that's it 124 at WIOD we have an open line in the starline at Star IOD I should recap some of the stuff I mentioned at the beginning of the show because it's a holiday and people are busy They're busy doing stuff. Okay. They have a life today For a few days. This is the one time of the year when many people have a semblance of a life not much but a little bit And our horse had pomp and a park our WOD stable horse Christmas list great race Thursday with Bill Fade driving came in a second Just barely beaten second as made almost let's see 4,51250 bucks and just three starts We had 700 people who showed up Thursday with their passes so they're still 700 alive to assure an a jackpot at the end of April And I think for this coming Sunday next Sunday, which is the last Sunday night of racing at Papua It was gonna be his next step and I'll let you know toward the end of the week for sure And we told you the Camilla House total it seems to me like I'm forgetting something like guy and such is gonna be a father I that just knocks me off my ass. I can't believe that God just a little bit of caution Let's go to a lady in plantation on a Santa I had on a Santa on a Santa That was John morally that played The Hollywood producer right I think that is a door nail, so Richard Conti is that too are you serious? Okay Chuck Mired took great dinner alive Richard Conti he was very good excellent actor well everybody was good and Godfather Why there was nobody who was marked that's one exception to the role meal I think with a movie was better than the book no I don't know you read the book Can you thought the movie was better? Yeah, absolutely okay. I thought the movie was one of the best of all All of us no question about that the movie was just the obelip testio it was great that was A goda right and Clemenza was Richard Castellano He did yeah, he just died recently. Yeah, that's right. Well one a little bit too much pasta there Remember he was not too much sugar in that been that sauce But a little too much right growing your sausages and meatballs too many can always and that's a little bit of red wine Yeah, he would elect a canoleon the car with Pauli there you go be alive today, probably You'll remember in part two when he goes to secret vans on the death of his father right Do you remember his father's name? His father's name yeah, it wasn't Coralia on that was the town they came from right your Me a George does what is it what is it what is it? And deliney There you go Alberto Alberto and deliney and this is for you and he's yeah, he's gonna tie in my name is Oh my name is uh, or no, I'm here for uh I'm here for my father Alberto and deliney And this is for you and he takes the knife and he's right up to put the cup of it Oh and a blood comes a squirt now sits back in a chair like he's got bad heartburn I don't think he's gonna get up from the chair. Oh, that was great. Oh, I am looking forward to tomorrow with great anticipation Yeah, I'm afraid though. It's you know after reading the review I'll know you know these movie viewers they don't know from nothing You know if the public loves it, which we probably will then they'll say well, you know It's gonna be an epic and a classic and right in line with one and two you know They don't know what the god of being good Neil yeah I mean, you know, I only wish though that Robert Duval I know that would have been the I think on the kid of that sappy daughter of his you know She needs kind of work. Yeah. She got a shnaz who make Larry King and Burris and lip Yeah, like Saint Louis Anyway, you know you got through last week like a pro. Yeah, they're really Got to I had no choice. I'm very difficult, but uh, you know You're a minch life is for the living. That's what they say we got to go on Here you go. Well, how do you wonderful holiday and you too and can't wait for tomorrow. Okay. County all boy boy One twenty eight at W. I would do one of our rare but very welcome lady callers today She was outstanding all the Broward lines both of the ones that are working are open now five two four W springs Neil yes, how's it going today excellent Mary could and the same to you and happy new year in whatever Like what I'm gonna be huh, huh? Listen what the I heard Hank had the trouble out in Santa Monica writing the car He did He heard about that. I didn't hear it. He uh, we're gonna run him a station wagon or a van. Yeah, and that just wasn't up to his speed. He needed a nice car for Hitting the Santa Monica night spot for the hot spot for where he put it right now You know what is it with Hank and women? I can't quite I can't quite get a read on him like Larry King with today What is it? Yeah, I mean he's always dragging about You know all getting all these blinds and and well you asked me a question I'm gonna give you a one-word answer If he would please Fantasy okay. I don't know. I have no idea Hank is a great guy and all of that But I don't know anything about his Personal life. I know he's always said that like everybody else to be want something he's will the pay for it But you know okay that makes sense them because I remember back in 1983 I was at the forge In other words, I think he's bisexual if he wants to do got a buy it, but that could be wrong Adam and Neil even be your judge. I'm not talking like a hook around so nice We don't talk in about a little more a little more a little more Spectable that's out of the phone book. There he is. I'm with you because I thought I'm at the forge back in 83 like angels fantasies One of those great players he had the greatest blonde I'd ever seen you before you trip up to Tampa with big day from highlight From a high line yeah big days So you're an answered high-ly They've lemon right big day Well, which trip to Tampa we made several trips to man triple fair. I guess it was you him They will month for her kids