The opinions expressed by the guest host, the caller, is not necessarily those positions. Now here's Neil Rogers on New Duck Radio's 610 Wild. This is Murray, for which wishing you a happy Hanukkah. Anyway, that's going to do it for me. 1007 at Wild are Camillo's House total. We don't have the magia today, but when we get to mail today, we're going to go over another milestone. The pandemic are total right now, 79,444 dollars and 85 cents. I have, where are the 85 cents come from? That's got to be people are adding in that postage stuff. I never ran that in, because that's uncount. But anyway, so we're about 556 bucks away from 80,000, and when the mail comes in today, which is not a drop of the hat's yet that will go over So if you haven't, and by the way, with the first check I opened this morning from last couple of days, mail $1,000 from John Brunetti, a highly apart race track who also came up with a thousand last year. Thank you, John. We may not agree on some things, but you're okay in our book. Anyways, speaking of okay in our book, I want to thank Bob Weaver, a channel for Weaver, the weatherman who's just a super guy since a nice cigar. He's a little holiday box here, which I'm puffin' on right. What are you looking for? What a slut. I'm sorry this George is the biggest free loader I have ever seen in my life. Man, you're in a right business. I'll tell you that. Free food. Not only does he like the free cigars, he went to Box, it's empty. Oh, could I take that box up? What are you doing selling them? Must be making music boxes out of them and selling them for Hanukkah or something. What a maniac. All I did was, let me show you first of all. It's not like these are McNeudos. It's a small box. There's like five of them in there, one of which is in my mouth already. So unless you like something else in your mouth, like my foot just relax. Okay, just to calm down. See, George is all upset. There's Marvin's been working about a hundred hours over the holidays. I want to say this about Marvin, okay, he is a real puss. I know he's not listening because I'm sure he's not awake yet. Marvin, you are. And I give you a classic example. Tuesday, he knew I wasn't going to be here yesterday because it was Bill's funeral. I want to thank Chuck Meyer for doing a great job. A little bit too good, by the way. But no, he was seriously at a great job yesterday. He heard part of the show. He took too many gummers in there, but it was really good. And so anyway, Marvin comes in here. Oh, would you like to have Al Goldstein on his show? Great. So I'll get a call Tuesday afternoon from Cheryl at the house. Al Goldstein is lined up for Thursday, meaning today. Well, that's fine. Al is always a great guest and a fun guy and the eats a lot of food. I have no idea. When he's coming, do you know George doesn't have any idea? We don't know what the hell is going on. And another Melvin production. I wonder what Rick Riley would do if he lined up a guest for Rick and Puts and they had no idea when it was coming to that ever happened on their show. I wouldn't be surprised if it's happened before. They have idiot on the corner today. So I assume that you've got to work eight hours again today. It says on here, boy, look at his eyeballs rolling around like, looks like Vegas again, like pinballs. Idiot on the corner. Which means it must be nothing. Going to be standing on a street corner. It's a first and eat comes to my mind. Anyway, that's coming up a little bit later. I don't forget tomorrow. We're going to be doing our show live from charcoal. The brand new one, which is a 5426 North University. Drive just off the commercial Boulevard on the east side of the university. It's in at the strip shopping center. The a cat and a sit just off the commercial. And there's going to be a free buffet with some finger food and wings. We've never provided by charcoal. So we got some things we're going to be drawing for as usual. We have a hundred dollar gift certificate from Barrens. We got a whole bunch of zoo bapcaps and zoo bapants that the dolphin folks are donating. Which we're very appreciative. So be sure and cut by, of course, naturally we'll have the tapes and the t-shirts to raise as much as we can tomorrow for Camillo South. So we are well on our way to our goal of a hundred thousand. I have full confidence. We're going to get there because like I said, today we'll go over 80. And we should do what 345,000 year tomorrow. It's charcoal is easy, right? So sometime next week we'll go over 90. No problem. And January 4th our next remote by the way will be at Caltre Race track. Which could be a very expensive remote for me. Also speaking of things coming up tonight. Christmas list through the six-hole. I noticed he's the morning line favorite five to two in the morning line with Bill Faye. At Palpino Park. So all the members of our stable. Be sure to make it out there tonight. I will be there. I will be there with Bells on for Christmas list as it goes for three. In a row. Anyway, it's time now to talk about pizza law. Now seriously, you know what I'm playing that? I'm watching the news on Channel 6 last night and who comes on. They're doing a piece on this thing about the dentists and the mercury vapors and all this stuff. And Steve Greenberg, who's their resident medical maven, whatever is doing this piece. And who does he have on there? But Mrs. Jeff Cohen. The lovely Mrs. Cohen is on there. I didn't tell you earlier in the week that Jeff and his wife are. And if they haven't already done it, they're doing it this week. They're going with the dentist getting everything yanked and the filling is too. Ten sixteen at W.I.O.D. Boyd. We have a little manager here now. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, just relax. Man, I can't believe Boyd Gary coming in here making those sounds in the middle of the show. Anyway, yes, we as you want his own show. I know a station that's hiring anybody that's breathing. What is it? Do you want to speak up? No, don't get it. This is really not. Okay. Like I said, it's 10 sixty. You talk about a show going to the dogs. Al Goldstein's, you know, why don't you select which show one of those you like? Well, you're picking up. You can speak it all three of them. When you're going to lose some weight already. Yeah, I do. Although I will say this. I will say this. Okay, that's not a bad one. He did bring in that big box of Cheerio's or whatever it is. Last time you were here. It was a most disgusting thing. I mean, you talk about Compulsive. Seriously? Presinuous enormous economist industrial sized box. And it was eating in altering the show as kind of like a warm-up to get his Paladine before we brought the food and now do we want food for you today? Coffee and patting hungry for breakfast. It's a special day today. It's a certain year anniversary. Well, how you answer three is that old Ray? Wow, and they say romance is dead. Yeah, and how does the dog figure in all of this? I'm trying to try a love child. Well, that's the love child. Yeah, well, are you really? I hope it's not as strong as that one. Anyway, why not here's a little strong. He is a little strong. He is a maybe if you leave a few strapped sheep on why Well, what does that guy do with being so strong? I've never seen such an anorex that's looking dog at all my life It looks like carrying a carpenter's dog. I eat her food. That's what I was just gonna say Maybe if you'd leave a few table straps around you wouldn't look like Geez like hell people tell me of mellow. Neu up picking on her dog is being Who the hell told you that? I this to talk into York that you've mellow in New York? What do they know about me in New York? They don't know me from my wife's You're a fuckin' New York. They do you personality? No, you are known in New York City. I already even talks about me now He really does he says good thing. I can't believe it. He must have mellow I'm serious because he used to get upset. I'd rip his hair all the time. You got him at Howard's got bad hair Oh, he's worse and his nose is the worst. He's really well. nose is gonna like Larry King in fact I think Howard in 30 40 years old, which is like Larry looks today Well, they not as full of crap anyway before we get started with Alex I just wanted to say a couple of things because yesterday I attended the bill called his funeral I want to thank Tom Jika and the people at the Harrow to wrote a nice little bit of a Billa was one of my best friends and a super guy and I also you know when you go to a funeral Generally it's a very you know, it's not an uplifting thing. It's very depressing. It wasn't bad The only fact which was there of course and I was there and when you're in a Catholic church and they're doing the service and you're Jewish You're it's a little confusing because you know any of the religionists I mean it all get into a real religious thing with the service and There was one part where they have like a kneeling have you ever seen that in a church where they're like a kneeling bar You'd be great on that boy can you just see all the rows rolling over with you kneeling and so you know What they're doing the other prayers? You sit there and you're respectful and you keep your mouth shut But then they have let's kneel and pray and they have a kneeling bar that like folds down From the pew in front of you that it folds on you kneel down on it's gonna have to kneel on the floor In fact, which is in the road behind me, okay, and he's as big as you are pretty close to it And we didn't know what to do he's Jewish also so like I'm I because all the all a pub bearers I was one of more in the front row so naturally these other guys are all Catholic They're all relatives of the family they kneel down So I did to just out of respect all of a sudden I hear like a commotion behind me Then I think he thought better of it because rich was about to try to kneel down on this thing I mean that would be like like a hip-a-potemists try to kneel down on the tip of a A needle you know, I mean just forget it So that was a little bit but I just want to mention lead founder and Leon. I have You know Chuni Chaturato on a year for years and back and forth, but there's a radio show There's see there's a difference some people don't understand it that way like you know me There's a difference between what's on a year and person's that and real life and Lee Fowler Through all the way and he was on vacation. He was in North Carolina He was a good friend of bills who all the way in to be there yesterday and that's to me There's a lot that was nice a Steve from Hollywood over the years has been a chronic caller and You know he and I have gone around back and forth because he's a sensitive guy But not only was he there, but he spent a lot of time in a hospital with Bill and really just was super In just a great guy. I just mentioned these things so that because people are regular listeners that get to know these people even a callers are like personalities Jim Skyler was there another radio person Randy Martin was there in Mike night in the Steve Brady Brody from QAM even Howard Primer was there from KAT which I'll bless I say about that the better champagne Lou another listener was there who's he and I've got our I guess everybody and I have gone around Absolutely, but the fact they showed up is written some of the race track people Lester was there dressed to kill look like he was ready for the second race and Freddy Fero and Fred the Usher who's been just a super friend of both of us for a long time and the Phil Saltsman and I'm sure I'm leaving somebody out, but I just want to thank all those people for showing up Okay, I do a little break and then we'll get to Okay, we get I'm clumpy You are a dream of how he's addicted to food he's addicted to coffee. Can we get this man some coffee? We do have coffee downstairs in a cafeteria. We'll take care of that and some breakfast from Wayne Arnold with happy good We go with Patty's and yeah, shit. Oh, when and Murray I'm sure can bring over some breakfast stuff. Okay from Arnold's row castle, but you're not gonna make a pig ears out today I'm gonna be good. I'm trying to be the sheriff. You have to be in training. I'm I am I'm gonna be thin by the time the election and by the way these vote for our gold steam t-shirts Do you have a number of these? Yes, I get you some because if you could give me some tomorrow a charcoal It would be great absolutely send them down to tonight. We're great a done absolutely outstanding Okay 1022 out gold steam of screw magazine and midnight blue and just a generally disgusting guy is here And we want to talk about food again as we always do on a show a Parmesan restaurant at Pinnabah The go goes now be careful way you see the go goes We have on my cable shum in my pillow. We have The Roblo K which by the way, we have coffee for him and the dog Have he shiver on the dog? Man my dog barked that much you would be in the microwave immediately. Okay. What is your story? She's excited to be here and excited to be away from all our food in the house I'm telling you this dog I bet he has eaten in months So the gold goes you know what it goes. Yeah, right? Who's a call-eye It's a feature thing so we got some tapes of them involved with some sexual escapades not explicit sex and one of the girls to the go goes Does some cocaine it's just a weird tape and what would be doing in this is suddenly an amendment That blue it's it's a lot. It's bad quality, but it's a good good. It's a nice curiosity It's better than a Roblo thing Roblo tape is the worst horrible and you notice since that tape He's like there nobody talks about it. It's funny and his last movie was good Did you see I thought the last movie sucked bad influence? I thought it was terrible Show us based on why the idea of the corrupt ability of life I'll take a rotten movie. What are you coming to shock to you? Yes, birdaloochies new film sheltering sky I sorted the screening what's wrong with New York is all these east side intellectuals or Loving a film that was indescivable incomprehensible After an hour patty and I woke that we have no idea what it's about Deborah Winger's wasted and that's what I hate about Jewish intellectuals No one had the the But to walk at they don't want it to make me they understood this absolutely moronic Meaningless film I don't sure the wind up here in Miami in six weeks, but it's a terrible movie Like new velvet that's another great suit of what I like to see that you like Another film that I think is disappointing is this Woody Allen film Alice Allen like him Alice it's this Woody Allen It's as if you've been locked in the same control room with a board, you know you've had said you or An elevated Woody Allen doesn't live in the real world with a boring said like being a Insufferable in sufferable movie and everyone one Not everyone most people in the York City of the East suck Woody Allen to Somebody getting him coffee by the way because I'm getting nervous. I hate coffee, but I'm just getting nervous What do you do it? Because nobody tried to rest of this building there on permanent vacation from not till a second in January This starts about the first of these samples and you know there I tell you what let's fill in the gaps Now you're getting all your farms up by the way Oh my Filming didn't you see the thing oh I should I call my dentist the next day. I'm absolutely nervous I think that's why I'm fat I I Was my solution it has to be there has to be an excuse. It can be that I'm weak will no no Well, because I've seen you waiting you very very delicate With both hands anyway Algo Stine has got his new t-shirts on I want to say something because I never want to be accused of Same things behind people's back. I said a couple of months ago It's fun that you want to run against our sheriff neck up against our fascist pig up there in Brown Okay, and desperately we need somebody to beat him But you're not gonna win the election. I think I have a chance. I'll tell you one Stone what you have no experience in law school Let's just put that your known as Mr. Pornograff right now Howard County has got this in spite of the fact that we got a few Jews in Broward County Broward is basically a fashion or right-wing the Andrethal thing. It is it is but the way to fight You know the story and Holly with this morning about what was that play that they went? They decided some building where they had this play because there was a nude scene in it Mayor Oliveria. I mean, there's one thought it's the redneck state But even in Texas the two live proof thing. They threw the thing out of court You're right. See a Louisiana the you know Louisiana you figure because they're all a bunch of a Yahoo You're right, but this is supposed to be a sophisticated state This is but you know I was thinking this morning coming to work as I knew you're gonna be on The rest of the world is moving in one direction and Communism is totally failed of getting all these countries going down a credit and having this big thing in a Soviet Union and Chibrododzy quit this morning and they're all up in arms because they're trying to move toward democracy But even he said it in his speech I suck up so the speech and they were interpreting it What we need is a you know full move to democracy the rest of the world is moving to one direction and this country is moving to become a fascist state This country reminds me of like perigoy and Argentina of recent years More and more repressive and more and more in the end of all I don't understand But you see the forces of stupidity and and permissiveness are always at war I don't know if you saw it as a special last night Ted Comple sets in Russia Vasonize wonderful Gays are getting a more liberated There are the prostitution is coming out of the class of pornography is selling all over all those years of Stifling of natural human instincts it bursts through now you're right in terms of a Mcnavaro my campaign is going to be fight crime Kick neck out because I really is a corrupt sheriff's office What people will have in me you're right because I don't have law enforcement experience is that is a man with integrity and honesty And I won't lie and I'll bring in the best people and I have a list of things to share of does I'm not going to read it But it's it's it's it's it's 100 different things and you hire experts 200 running the sheriff's office is like wanting a radio station or business But don't choose fear that somebody Legitement because then a lot of people look at you. I hate to use that more of a lot of people because we're not a legitimate candidate Just to your clown Assembly legitimate is going to run against him and enough people Could vote for you Siphon all votes from whoever the contendorists and get him back in their account I don't think he's one of the eye on his things and would the real fear? I'm not so sure he's been able to run Yeah, I'm the same Sentinel is doing a great job I got to commend them which is unusual to make they're doing a great job on exposing him and the fraud And I mean almost every day there's stuff coming up on this stuff with his wife Choosing over judges. I'm afraid he's not the no one that's just I will only run against him So so I'm afraid he's going to pull a Nixon in quit office Because the interest from me is he is absolutely galvanized The stupid forces in in this area with his pro censorship Really absurd point by the way speaking of Nixon And I got to bring it in for Chuck Mark as he's a big Bulk of the Kennedy assassination theories as I am and during vacation on the plane I read almost finished reading the new book on the assassination's called high treason. Have you read it? No, you should read it because the conclusions I'm coming to be at the book with the basic conclusions is that Nixon was definitely involved with the assassination's both a junk It was a and Martin Luther thing was in Texas with Howard Hunt the night before and also that Richard Helms was the former director The CIA was involved as well. I had brunch with the guy who made a great guest the Michael Bayden BAD and X-Carn on the of city He was the carna on the Warren Commission He's still the fans it, but I think even he is having doubts. I mean It's a shame it's gonna be 25 years after with dead that the truth is gonna come out If ever why did any Kennedy keep quiet that's this they why were the Kennedy side? They say that the plane crash number here broke his back and you're like I killed in the plane crash That also was part of this that that was an attempt on his life to see the old days We would have said conspiracy theory nuts, but no no long it now. It's a little plausible incredible Well, I'm almost nobody believes the Warren Commission Did you we will believe in during the early days? I used to love moklane and I don't like it person the rush to judgment. I was always the first book. I remember seeing him speaking to you See I was so there was Extraordinary it's a media staple this kind of truth from us also All are law and seen by the way. Well, sure you must have died too, right New York was shot and and Was about to bring out a lot of things about the Bobby Kennedy assassination Me and I might be going off into that, but just but the book high-treason if anybody out there is interested in the subject You've got to read it. It's just a right get it Because you know you read all these books over the years and you figure out one more what's going to be new in here But it really it puts together some heavy-duty stuff You know when they all fuse together to be killed the New York or about two years ago And later came out as a book about how Lyndon Johnson stole the election and I was so care racing Seeing his immorality in nineteen places it would be an easy extension for him to knock out a Competitor who was blocking his Positioning to the presidency. I mean we really do live in a corrupt society and and and so When you raise the question about am I serious with Nick? I know it's a long shot, but I think at least for once let's somebody speak truth to people Then you can't clear everything up at least I'll have an honest political office Because I don't need the money. I'm a millionaire Nick is cutting fields. He got a job for his wife is always the sex scandal now With the quick sex with a quick milk. I mean it just is it's truly up to him We really have to fight crime and get rid of Nick Hey man, okay, I want to talk about the teacher. T-shirts are incredible. You want to get them on their way? So great the fact I'm jealous ours are fantastic with these are and if I want was this picture of you taking what? What's the street with that man? Oh, man. Oh, man. It looks a little like Charlie Manson in that picture Anyway, it's 1035 out of both scenes here Let's talk about colbert okay, everybody likes a challenge the system who's sound we play in a bad We would like to challenge the system who sound we play in a back all the time for anybody once to get their feelings up The mercury vapors that are making you fat not that I had absolutely it weakens my will power anybody that wakes up This this story is worth repeating on a year He wakes up last night three o'clock in the morning and is sitting there sitting up in bed staring ahead Fandishizing about going to the refrigerator to get salami a clear clock at a more but doesn't have the energy because He's such a gigantic fat blob He don't have the energy to get out of the second good refrigerator That's the next is gonna happen. He's gonna move the refrigerator in the bedroom and you're being real trouble It's true, but at least drop a little on the floor for the dog I have seriously is that current carpenters dog dog food? They had a segment last night on inside edition or inside story one of those hysterical tabloids And it was about puppy meals Did you see it and they showed oh man of course I love dogs like you do and they sure all these pathetic good Jamdenies cages and oh and it looked very similar to what I'm seeing there Genetically we went with sheriff we weren't brown County you're lucky word date I got this for if we were in brown and sheriff nick might get your ass in jail right now for rock get the SPC in nickwood Yeah, yeah, you can see the pan either anyway the t-shirt No, it's on station what to now how you gonna get him to me because I'm not coming back here I need him to do tomorrow. No, we're doing a show at charcoals tomorrow, which is not far from you. It's a university where just out the commercial I mean the one and a two Can you see they have nice handburgers day a lot of great food Oh man your brutal anyway the t-shirts are black and they've got the American flag with else skinny face In the middle boy, that's from another era. That's a political lot. I'm guilty I will lie about when it says goldstein forever and then underneath for sheriff, brown County 1992 these are sharp. I'll tell you a lot of people would pay some bucks to you And I got you an extra launch to I have an extra extra For me. Yeah, you got two of them sewn together You can see I can see the seams in the middle So while you're serious about this. I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna commit a couple hundred thousand dollars for radio and television If Nick resigns of course, I won't draw it. It's contingent on him and I'm afraid he's done Malleys it all you look back at the history of Broward County. I'm gonna be honest. A lot of people forget about it We've we have had ever since I've been in this town, which is almost 15 years now We've had repressive Right wing thinking we had edged stack remember at stack another real for vision right winner We had a bob butterfly worth who was a little less militant, but still a pretty right wing and The just been a succession a right wing sheriff's but you have to look around on federal On the highway there are complex clubs You have an extra try and like crazy to close to But that's the political and cancel the crap on it. You see that's the stuff I would not do I would leave My copedes alone. I would leave The straight clubs the gate clubs the point of his alone. I would put all my manpower in the street fighting crime That is when Nick waste system You're a dangerous you're right. That's what's saying for listening to rock lyrics and saying two life crew is dirty They mean they the music maybe it's we lived in a town where the people had any balls at all where we had living in breathing people I mean you can understand it, Louisiana I mean they almost like to David Duke to the Senate Louisiana. They're a bunch of Indiana thoughts are from the bayou Okay, they're a bunch of drug lides, but here where we have all these people from the york and supposedly sophisticated people The fact that they sit back and they tolerate this crap and they let all their tax per money Be they wasted all that money in the trial with Charles Freeman and then they find him But they find him a thousand or ten thousand whatever the hell I was of the surface and All of that crap and then the other trial that they did they lost Which still the taxpayers had a pay for that crap and now even after they lose that trial He says well if anybody else performs that song or those lyrics in Broward County because that's a law I'm gonna prosecute them to which man. In other words. He's saying he's got to continue wasting the tax per money You know what they do? They sit back. We get a few calls on and talk show to grumble about it their first stuff And that's it, but that's when the change the TV ought to be a recall movement against him right now Get his ass out of there now in a year We get closer to this he will not appear in debate because there's maybe he'll call off the next election If he could he would I'm gonna have best my assistant campaigning for me. So I'm gonna get all the new of Jew votes I mean all the Jewish ones gonna be there. I really believe that people are getting sick and time I'm not afraid you said honesty and credibility will try but she was acquitted and I like this and People love it. She was the first Jewish mission and she wears a good-man coat She's a pretty woman The point is I really miss that mean you're bringing a crotch down here too. No, I don't like did you see the picture? He was the funniest thing I've seen in years Ed Couch was over in Israel in Jerusalem And in the reason he was there he was doing a tourism campaign To show that it's not dangerous to travel to Israel because let's let's face it who in a right mind The way thing is that I'm at least right now. It's been a traveler. So he's doing this PR thing for the chamber of commerce. I guess are the equivalent of it and he gets hit in the head by a rock by some Maniac over the burning gets through it The And the picture with him holding you said was just classic listen credit was the New York photos We could he still took close he's on this earth. He was almost enough to make him come out of the closet like Ed is so arrogant and so conservative It would truthfully that he would make a great sheriff. He follows in the line of that kind of reaction What is he like another boy comb basically? He's in the great hippocriture. Yeah, he really is and He's never boring. That's going to be nicknivar was never boring But they do a disservice to public service. That's that's the problem rest assured in two years When I'm just sheriff vice-euse speeding your little sports cars will be pulled over. I'm going to nail you Nick I thought you were looking at me when you said no, no, no, that's it now Maybe we're looking for the turquoise Corvette. That's right Nailed the car nailed the speeders. Okay, listen. I want to say something to me Share a child, you know with the story about the child's was arrested. He was coming back from Georgia Yeah, to a palace he 80 and a 50 and he got pulled over. We got a speeding ticket. I'd rather I'm delighted I'd rather have a guy who's in a hurry who's are living in breathing person in spite of all the things They said about him with a drugs and everything that a guy who wants to take his back 20 years You know who's going back? What's the last time? You've had Nick on the show, right? Years ago. Did is he afraid to come on now? Well, I do that kind of a show. I know right, so there'd be no point in my inviting him on the show I don't I don't know I have no idea. He's turned out on here on my lot on any of the other shows He's turned down eight debates with me, truthfully I mean, he's really afraid to come on So I think he's really thinking his his his his running and I'm afraid he's gonna withdraw That that would be the saddest thing for me because I'll be sad for you But it would be great for the rest of the truth so I would have said no matter who would succeed him couldn't possibly I mean, I think the guy's gone soft in the head. I really do I don't I mean He was in the beginning he was he had that kind of right wing Cuban mentality You know, we've seen a date kind of every press But not like this but the last year or two is so he just got off the deep end Well It will have served a purpose if we get him walk them then I mean, they will be a positive step forward. I agree with you. Oh, it's not an isolated thing You know, I'm Talking about the kind of the assassination conspiracy theory I'm not one of these paranoid people of things. There's a conspiracy and a very rock But The hint of story I don't remember what short was on I'm going to bet on the CBS even news a few nights ago About the porn raids in LA and about all these buster doing out about how this all stay It was about a week or two ago all of this started with this meat commission That's right that we had under Reagan and now it's continuing and they're just going all around the country and just going crazy And you know the man who started this who's instrumental was Charles Keating from the SNL for from he started in Cincinnati This man has waged the campaign against pornography and look at his morality He has singled handedly almost destroyed America's economic base Well again, you always find this the person who's most most virtuous is most hypocritical sexually I mean, this is the part I hate everyone wants to Handle out of our sexuality and this is they have to hand in the till Charles Keating is a disgrace And there he was his anti-pointer force the great voice of morality and how many billions of dollars They were up from us. I don't think in our lifetime though. I don't think in this country I don't there's no hope we're not going to make a lot of progress as long as you would I maybe in a hundred years or fifty years But I don't think you're going to see much change in our time because it's just it's hopeless the the Immatured and the hypocrisy of the people in this country just drives me nuts And that's why every summer now that I give my two week vacation in summer I wouldn't I wouldn't miss going to Europe or for those on my death, but which I had just had my stroke last summer And I still went over there I stayed a couple of days and feel like red I came back with just just The ambiance and the attitudes and the their light years ahead of us and yeah, they don't have as many fancy hotels And there's many big buildings and they don't have as not as many people at VCRs and fancy cars But in terms of their maturity and our attitudes about sex and about almost everything in life They're at light years ahead of us. Well here darky after writing for the order they'll be still fighting in Screening bikinis in Europe. You're a nude beaches if you had seen the TV show last night on Ted Comple So first time I saw breasts and and and and vagina is a pubic here on television But that's because they would have looked too hypocritical Talking about Russian sexuality and the awakening of Russia's interest in sex and the growth and then have America Suppressive I mean it really is it's a real bind for the world must have been a bind for ABC and I'll bet you people will complain to the FCC you're showing press your show in pubic hair We are so sexually immature There were area where Russia was weakest was in in the area of of gay sex and in condoms They argue condoms are safe and they're an unavailable. Some may have a great mind He said using a condom as they trying to say trying to smell a rose for the gas mask gone. I thought that was a great metaphor I want to steal that you should steal it Okay, let's do a little break it's 1050 oh boy While I guess is no better time than now to do this if you've been nice this year before at WOD I'll go to this here per veiro of smut and the pornography and trash that's why he's here We like it now it's seriously those since this thing in LA which the what they were doing is busting people for Transporting across the lines That's what I was busted for in 74 My obscene material right there. So let me ask you is there anywhere today in this country That new because you know most of the stuff that's available on tape is like two years old five years old Whatever Is there stuff that is being made today? Yes, or these people all the way who we both despise physically Run Jeremy, but oh, I enjoy because he's been late ever terrible. Oh, he's hairy and fat He is now approaching out of weight category Ronnie Is making films the problem is this so bad the one day one is the shimon tell rooms the quality is Is bad this is this still being made the interesting thing the bus in LA they're not invoking the recolour Which is what's always gotten so many people in the point of business nervous When George Bush or Ronald Reagan or Nixon wants a distraction what you do you try that the gauge you try that The point of film it's it's it's it's it's give them circuses. It's that philosophy and it must work most of the time You're a fateful's not a fateful's you're cynical about it so am I it must Keep the American public occupied and Malified because to a large degree Why did the politicians keep doing for the same years people in this country and find most of them are very uptight In other words their hypocrites only because they're so afraid so you go to the movies I'm talking about regular movies and if a movie isn't rated R You know like if it's rated PG and it's married poppins or if it's kids it's Disney it'll do well But if it isn't rated R And it doesn't have a lot of four letter words and new to the unit forget it. It's not gonna make it And so obviously that's where the public taste star I mean the masses I mean masses are not gonna go see The robe and Ben Hurd and I didn't even anymore They want to see a doll to mature Related things that are reflection of real life and yet if you talk to a lot of people He don't have the balls to put it in those terms in other words. They're very hypocritical and It's embarrassed. I don't watch soap opera because I I'm sure you don't but does on the occasion Why do I say I want to write a letter? I think it's since I was a kid I never got into soap opera but when I have watched an occasion It's amazing how sexual they are everyone's in bed and of course in a middle of the afternoon Now why is it giving the house life to a large degree? I'm more interesting life than her life really is so it shows that Because it's popular people wanted it fills a need why are we so Angry ourselves what kind of self hatred is generated that we have to feel a Polygetic of an hour love of sex something in a patty watch is what's that show you watch about picking mates and stuff? What's that? Love connection it is horrible. It's filled with in you end-o It's wrong she and it's funny, but in America it has to be dirty sort of childish childish Like a john in my car's in monologue, but it's very adolescent like his 14-year-olds Talking about how far they can urinate or how they masturbate or something It's always sort of with a dirty leering quality that's the American mentality very South America I would not have been successful with screw if I had not approached it the only way Know how to in an image you away screw is like a dirty joke It's not mature sophisticated sexuality, but that's how American men look at sex And probably obviously American American women are I always believe Look at sex in some romantic way sex a secondary to finding this Magical die who's gonna who's gonna change their life. I'm I really do think that men will Mud and women will marry a doctor They really are differences and it's a shame it comes a cliche Was the latest chain I mean I know 7-11 Southland went bankrupt. Thank god. I'm so pleased Yeah, and most there was another chain of where we were supposed to go Was circle k or one of the other ones are just the babe ban-o-li Husso ready playboy pen house again and really what we're talking about is a small group of fanatic right wing Religionists and other right wing fanatics and john virtues these people and they're controlling Taste for everybody in this country and arrested the people are a bunch of sheep and are you're worried about you know how many Rolex watches they can buy and you know how many material things they've got they don't give a day and yet is Why which is which is the one of the main reasons that I stopped doing that kind of talk four or five years ago You might as well be talking to that helium tank over there. It's a waste of time I would yeah, I fear it times I listen to you and I say she's really cynical. He's really Turned off and yet I understand why because you do think I've been through this before days of who The good news is that the people who want and married with children off the air lost and it's it's raining Sistopic I know this on TV and I'll say this on radio You can say that they said word pistol for a lot The word AS can be used and what television is which shoring in terms of language It's shocked me in a way when I realized you could never have said that I thought it's so slow. I mean this thing would jack car and water closet What are we gonna grow up? I was watching something on TV the other night. I was think of the same thing Where because they avoided using a certain word and they just tapped and surrounded this thing with words When the hell has it ever been shown at words heard people? I'm not talking about slander and I mean they're illegal Recourse for that, but I'm just talking about four letter words. You're any particular words that people of all ages including little kids here every day I mean it's so juvenile anyway It's shocked you with a news Chuck Meyer whom again, I thank for doing a super job filling interview yesterday as you're loving a clock news Mr. Pornow the next sheriff of Broward County, Algolstein's coming back with us at 1105 Rick and Puts will be here from two to six to seven Could we stay put on the ears and also banded Broward idiot on the corner which could be sure of Nick Hurricane hotline on sports stuff would use the ganky tonight at 605 and the layer the headgover show eight o'clock tonight It's 1106 I've wdo D Is that something for me? I bet you that's copy right Thank you so much. Oh our horses run divided competent park Christmas list with the six holy You've got the thing from the program five to two favorite in the morning line is one two and a row We have a horse the Wildy horse at a racing stable. It's a little thing They did the metal lands last year and the year before and That gets to people involved in our horses one two races in a row great and they were gonna fix it up So he wins again tonight as just a joke. It's just a little joke To we take some cars for our gold state because somebody's been one before we do it when I I'd also like to open it up a little bit too I have a Kindle committee Who's already a committee? Yeah, you know these kind of what they kind of command them command them commando I have a place in Pompano And now I bought a set in one and I put a staircase with and it is this kind of committees run by Nazis There are letters on the wall you can't do this can't do that What did you expect when you moved the pump? I wanted to know is that the way all of us will live here in Florida If you live in a condo, huh? If you live in low lives, it'll you live in a complex not just in a condo for example I had I moved to I don't remember the name that I'm sunrise boulevard back in the early part of the year to May fair And I do take great pleasure mentioning the name for again on the air may fair And I had my satellite dish. Why have a patio dish which the city of plantation approved I got a permanent Took me like two years fighting with them. It's a patio umbrella that covers up the dish, okay? And in table it looks nice you put it in the backyard looks like a patio team So I'm moving to this new complex. I have it put in the backyard and May fair is a complex with Board of Governor whatever the holiday call it and it turns out that my neighbor not old people young Condo could eat why call them condo commandos in training Because the people who are like it where you live now in Pompano when they were younger they weren't any different They want to boss everybody We're not gonna close the size of their here so anyway the first day that I moved in there They're peer out the window and they're watching and putting this satellite the patio dish And they put me through such tourists for a month and a half two months I broke the lease and I moved down and I got my bread in my own house out in plantation acres I got my patio dish up no problem whatsoever I have my little on pieces of the earth out there But when you live in a complex especially in this town I don't know what it is what what the nature of the people is who come to this town But they just wanted to it it reminds me the same I used to use all the time It's not important in life that you succeed but that your friends fail So in this case it's not important that you'd be happy but that your neighbors be miserable You're already because it's busy bodies. We got to lead a more on Mel and you'll weird people What I want to do because I now have a second place. I'm thinking of renting six oh Well, I want you to know but I'm renting the other place to welfare recipients because I can rent any place I want if there's so nosy and they want to continue declaring one maybe people who listen have their own techniques and fighting back You chicken out and you just moved out. I want to know about people I have a real work area It's my being in a box Well, you know you're right. They shouldn't kid you but we want to get people who are listening Who can tell me how to wage for real warfare against my condo committee in noxies There must be counterattacks again. I'm going to rent to these welfare recipients just to drive and crazy But why are these people monitoring other people's lives? I mean, they really aren't knows He busy bodies because they have no life. They have no life. That's that card I play all the time. I have no life and the reason I play it is because it's really a bit of me of the people in this town About 80% of the people in this time and it goes back to what you talked about in the first hour about the winning getting the Vicarious thrill from watching the soap so whatever People's lives so many of them are so shallow and so evacueous and so they have to get a Vicarious thrill by injecting themselves Unwantingly in a somebody else's existence So they have to stick their nose in your mailbox or they have to stick your nose and it's like the woman who had the The little what the hell was it on her door at the condo? Remember about a year ago? She had a thing on her door some kind of a religious Trotsky and door whatever that was no was he was Christian, but I mean whatever was the point is that they made such a fuss In such a fear or they took her to the board of directors and they took her to court Who the hell cares? You know what the hell difference does it make how does it affect their life? You're right into payment tonight. One of the other magazines shows did something on on these fans who torment famous people And it's the same thing if you're not John Lennon and he can write great lyrics You can become famous and make the cover time magazine by killing John Lennon So these are the killers of creativity of diversity They want to you're a name and everyone's parade because there's no other explanation for it and here a court I'm surprised that you're a shot-tipist what are you expecting? Pomp and hope be you walk a have a town house The median agent Pomp and Obeaches death Yeah, it's true. It's amazing because I do meet nice people some yeah 20% 80% are miserable frustrated nasty hostile bitter and anything they can do to make your life miserable and to be nosy and stick their nose into it because they have nothing going in their lives And they're just waiting to die and people drive that way here. How many of them? Oh, yes insane. I mean I'm a busy artist discovering these things welcome to Florida sheriff. I want to straighten them out. Yeah, the new sheriff Man he's been open up some special camps for some of these yentres up all that's proud It's not an average we can open up a gigantic camp. We can locate it. You can take care of the food or anything I will be no problem 11 after 11 at Wild. Oh, what's the new civil Texan cost for how long we come back? We have an open line in date 751 Broward look at that nothing and Broward five two four Wild that's that I tell you they're excited Broward oh, yeah, they're ready to write and Broward because a sheriff Nick and the steroid IOD and a sterileine six five five Wild in Palm Beach Let's talk about the max 11 of 15 at Wild. We had those two lines on in Broward. They both dropped off Must be sheriff Nick's a other saboteurs five to two four Wild in Broward candle You know how are you today? Okay, listen. I don't really have much from Mr. Goldstein, but I this one the comment on Mr. Myers In last yesterday yeah, Chuck All the people he's had on before he's the best he's been he was shocked as a great job But he does a weekend magazine on Saturday morning from 6 to 10 so it's not like he's an Experiencies a real pro whether he's doing the news or a talk show and that's why I beg them I said listen If you're gonna get somebody put Chuck in there and you do the super job he's great In an excellent job also I really want to pass some of these new stations for not getting on your bandwagon for promoting Camilla sounds I mean you're doing an excellent job Well, I will say this the Harold finally came around. I want to thank Lorda Sancivito this morning in a Harold radio column she has a nice paragraph about it and we appreciate that she also mentioned the show We're doing a truck holes tomorrow. So yeah, I sooner or later they jump out of bandwagon Well, they should take you in the time about it, right? Yeah, you bet now what I think Mr. Goldstein for Helping adults be adults at their own seat well for you know keeping screw magazine going and in fighting for the rights of People who want to act like adults and enjoy that particular Faceted their life. Thank you. It's great. Nice recall happy holiday same be 11 17 in W. W Do we have an open line of date 751 screw a 751 9463 751 and well I'll go into it later. There's a mobile and four-laterdale hello Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. How are you great? Leo your iconic committee comments made me think of a definition that I thought was quite apropos You ever heard what's the definition of a camel? What? Thought horse that was designed by a committee. Yeah, it's true because You know it's like stupidity loves Numbers because the really strong individual can stand on his or her own feet But we people have to unify it's really like a like a vigilante landing lynch mob You have to get a lot of people to equal one person because because the committees I've seen in this condo are really Preying dead. I mean it's so sad but typical typical I used to do those kind of shows we we did the thing in fact a couple I can't think of the name But they were on 16 minutes in tamarack and they moved into a kind of new complex and in the Biologues they've all got these 8 million pages of Biologues no children alone Okay, so the people who lived next door to them the couple of next door they had a pet monkey Or so I am pretty sure was a monkey So come to find out that this woman got pregnant Okay, I mean these things do happen to me even if you're not planning she got pregnant had the baby and the The tremendous his stereo that came about as a result In fact, I had the people on my show about four or five years ago Just incredible and the message that astonished me the the message really was it's okay for the monkey to be next door But you have a baby in your house and to us that represents something horrendous something in nightmare This isn't New York For people are too busy seeing New York people don't have time They step over dead bodies in the subway because they have to because they're in our hurry because it works Men this face and they just don't have time They don't want to take the time they're just under enormous pressure here In fact, one of the funniest calls I ever had was from somebody who was leaving We get calls all the time. Oh, you hear him. I'm leaving town. We're finally getting out of here But anyway this person was leaving because they couldn't stand the fast pace here And I cracked up. I mean the fast pace This is like a snail's pace here. These people are like in slow motion or no motion It's incredible Okay, all the deadlines open up 751 strange on a phone by the way 7519463 Miami beats disappeared Alabama Okay, hey, I have a white back for you good right out Renown to me Have beautiful young lady in have her start an at home at Condu daycare That'll get them That'll fight back. Good. Thank you anyway that's all I have for how start filming for no movies in our apartment Yes We're getting great so In one room. I probably have a committee meeting outside the window They would They how it's making now outstanding great great time and Vegas. You can't be the biggest or living and breathing place I'm still going into withdrawal because I spent almost a whole week with people who were alive and have it a good time Even even though people were losing we're still having a good time. They had a smile on their face It was great. Free wide open. You bet a list and This one if they have the holidays to you and my buddy and oh could show me edges Wisdom and I wanted to call them a douche bag. He's got all of his children Is a Deja down there's got all of them They're supposed to be listening to Christmas music so turn the channel. Yeah, yeah, whether Okay, have a home at a list of this stuff have a happy film. Hey, thank you. Thanks You know, I was watching last night the previous I'm very excited about in fact Two nights ago I wasn't here yesterday so I didn't get a chance to mention two nights ago. Godfather one Which I've seen 10,000 times was on so I watched it again Last night I saw a little bit of Godfather two was also on last night, but anyway I'm so excited about Godfather three and I happen to have two of the off Christmas days So I'm gonna go see it because that's when it comes out and I'm almost embarrassed to admit this but I was watching some movie and I was it was the scene in the Godfather one where they're talking about the drugs And Marlon Brando is saying no because the cops will come after us and I have to turn your deal down Mr. So I'll tell about and Not certainly drugs. I'm all against like anybody in a right mind should be but I'm talking about other things whether it's sex or whether it's gambling The mafia isn't all ban I mean they do a lot of things that are very illegal and they do eliminate people and they do a lot of very corrupting But they're not all bad because they give the public things that they want Great that the government wants to take away the church wants to take away from But it's true Vegas when I'm out in Vegas that I don't think yeah, I wonder if the mob still owns this hotel I wonder if this entertainer is an a payroll of the money. Oh, then I'll care I'm having a good time Isn't that why you love them? They might have been there in a while, but I found a one in the most in the light and liberated Oh, I believe in the first of haring is great When you get off at the airport, which is one of the wildest posts to show yeah Jammed up airport chip hole airport in Amsterdam every kind of human being from every corner of the earth is their orientals black white big tall old young I mean, it's just it's like here. It's like a meeting place of the whole world and Nobody cares what anybody else is doing and as you walk because it is a walking city and you stay in the central area and you walk for miles And you walk on the side streets. I've talked about this in the aroma is coming from the various cafes This smoke and hash or pot of whatever and again like I said I'm not in the drugs, but I as long as it's not hard drugs Then I'm not hurting anybody who the health cares and Essentially whatever anybody wants it's there nobody is judgmental nobody gives it in and they don't if they don't have a massive throat problem They certainly don't have a massive crime problem and people seem to get along great. They don't fit and with all the different You know, it reminds me again of this thing about world class city people in Miami They say what world class city. It's a joke They don't with no a world class city if it bit them on the lip, okay? There is a world class city. It is your address years ago I used to attend a place. They said it for the wet dream film festival in an amt them 7172 it was great. We know but everything is assimilated It was the first place I'd been to where really homosexuality was integrated Penagraphy was integrated the drugs. They was under the little floating boats. They were selling grass people were growing It is though it is really a place where people mind their own business and I found it absolutely wondrous and one of the TV shows that might have been prime time or not 60 minutes had a piece of prostitution and after them that if the damn now wants to get loans for the Pimps there totally victimless. I mean it is absolutely the most sane way of running prostitution Here in Florida instead of taxing things cleaning it up Having having Inspections on the girls we try to Put it down repress it that doesn't make it go away. It just makes it sleazy. It's sleazy and dangerous right? That when will we realize it? When will the next of the world realize you're not gonna control this? It will at least integrate it into some corporate entity with taxes Reach the city of the state and there's no better than level of education and this is generalization But to me it seems the better level of education the better people are able to cope Absolutely with these things and be more mature and our education is compared to the people in Europe is a joke Education the people here can't even speak English much less five six languages Let me do a break 25 after 11 alcohol seen is whether this Robo cut 11 28 at WID just want to mention I got a facts here from Beth Saks Dean It's in the spirit of holiday season Edward Assad from David's cafeteria and Clifford Stein from Diopeto clothing manufacturers But we sponsoring a holiday drive to raise money for Camilla's house And each business will contribute $150 to begin the drive. It should be held tomorrow all day at David's cafeteria 82 88 buscane Boulevard And It'll begin at 11 30 tomorrow morning And it says 800 to 1000 people will have an opportunity to contribute during the lunch and dinner hours that's customers Your petos will also be donating new clothing to Camilla's house from their business at 425 East 10th court In higher lia so that's another way for you to help Camilla's house Just stop by and have lunch or dinner or David's cafeteria 82 88 buscane Boulevard in Miami at 11 30 tomorrow morning I also want to thank you you who came up with a nice check for Camilla's house as you always do and the Plunge to come up with some more We haven't gotten any mail yet 79 444 85 and When the mail comes into date plus what you're gonna help us out with will be well over 80,000 on our way to over a hundred thousand there was a thing There's another thing well, you know see this gets me back when you come on It's always great I enjoy it, but it bothers me in one sense and that I start having the social conscience again I'm trying to remove right now I mean professionally I mean as a human being obviously have it but sitting here and talking to the light like I look at the phone and like there's Three four lines open here and it's not it's not a big deal because this audience They're vacuum heads, you know, but the news story the last couple of nights has been that there are more homeless than ever before and The public sympathy for them is lower than it ever has been before and one of the things that I hear once and a while Which is starting this year? I dump it. I don't let it even go on because I'm tired of hearing it People say what she's how can you help out those wine? Oh, is those drifters? All these stumble bone height how can you get involved in it? I'm not gonna dignify that by letting it even go on ear anymore Because I know what that is when somebody says that what they're doing is they're rationalizing their own on Willing this fell out they're own indifference to human suffering because no matter what you want to label people and there are a lot of families out there They're women with little kids their entire families who are down on their luck or rather than streets their veterans Who put their lives on the line for the country who are out on a street sleeping on cardboard and on buspensions But when you say to yourself, oh, they're wine. Oh, isn't their drifters? It makes you feel better it makes you feel less guilty that you have and you're eating and you're doing well And you don't give it that but anybody else. I was like what kind of a country can have millions of people sleeping in the streets and not even having a place to live It's amazing. I was watching something last night in an alternate entertainment. They had a TV show What the corn kite was the voiceover and it was about Vietnam And 1970s shoot about Charlie company and I watched the American soldiers referring to bodies dead people as Gooks they made them not non-human as like when you do body counts So so so this way you don't to deal with them as human beings as entities as breathing Breathing eating creatures that's what we do with the homeless if we can just Make them into non people invisible people then we can accept the bomb-based syndrome And we are like new Delhi and and we can have to six-year-olds begging. It's a horror I understand it's a defensive posture we do Otherwise with you know the dangers we could be burned out and we feel impenant but at least if you can show it contribute some money I know my contribution is insignificant but at least I just say well I'm doing something It's like what's you know the concept of tiving? It's giving I like that even though I'm an atheist it's giving something back I made a commitment to the American Civil Liberties Union yesterday that that I'm going to be charging my advertises in screw the hook is the S-foot services 2% of my gross which is $7 million on the charge 2% and contribute the money to the civil of these union Why because if my advertisers don't have the brains to have social responsibility? I will and I like the the idea of knowing every time I hook a turn to trip Some of the money is going to go for something that's socially useful. You know you talk about I want to go back to what you were talking about with Amsterdam and a lot of the cities in Europe The usual song in advance and he and cry used to be her about Communists and atheists and hedonism and tireless crap in together All of it is interesting communism is on the way out in the Soviet Union and there's a sexual revolution going on and there so we're you know But the people in Europe for the most part are not atheists In fact, if you go at any of the major cities like Amsterdam There are all of these big old cathedrals and churches and they're attended They're well attended there. You don't want to Sunday morning. They're there full of people in there But they don't look upon religion in the same I don't even know how to describe it as so many of the religionists in this country I mean this is frightening. It's the fall well. It's the guilt trip religion in this country Like it you know the old saying if it tastes good it must be bad for it if it feels good it's evil I was shocked last night to see this black leader here in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in in my amy saying he didn't want to be questioned with what he said at Well, he sent yes this man must think he's out of Hitler to see think that it's it and I don't know what the issues are But how dare you think he cannot be questioned and he's a golden of New York shop I mean he looks like a demigod I did I know that's another thing about this down that makes it a no-win situation is that is like it's a professional thing in this town and now we have the thing in the situation with the Mercado case and the rise we had in or they disturbance Whatever you want to call it in Winwood which I never even knew we had a division in winwood or a town or a city or whatever it All it is and so now it's the Puerto Ricans against the Cubans against the blacks against the anglo's against the this one again And it never stops it never ever stops and the thing that we have a black boycott Because the Leaders in this community didn't genuf like when Nelson Mandela came here who is a as far as I'm concerned a terrorist Fanges loving Piece of crap and his wife who's accused of murder no less. I don't understand that I mean what are people thinking that because they Anoint somebody as leader whether it's Louis Ferracan or Nelson Mandela that if we don't Genuf like that we don't agree when they bring the person to this community right away We're gonna boycott we're gonna do this. I don't understand it. It's a self-defeating thing right I see it is a true today my goal steaming. Don't want to eat the assiom still clearly in you I watch 60 minutes two weeks ago and I'm impressed with that piece of journalism on that brick fall intensive And I say well hey this where Israel has not done well. I'm not proud to be a Jew Then I read the Bible Walt is his cheeto off and Don you went to produce your 60 minutes and and the professional Jews are upset Because it's Jewish doesn't make it always right I mean I'm a sin and and and if you were a pro is really person and you said out You know you have to have a united front you cannot get you I say nonsense I want this real to be better than the barbarians and I'm humiliated when I see Jews Are you have to be a thinking human being you can't be a professional Jew or a professional black or a professional Cuban And wear it on your sleeve all your life and just and just block out all the facts and that's what this town is filled with I don't know what it's ever gonna end. I don't have much hope for it. It just seems to keep happening over and over All cities at the New York City are actually some black leaders who who defend the central park jog this mugging and almost one hard to be arrested for for tantalizing I mean there are blacks who are criminals there are blacks with dangerous There are some Jewish lawyers who will rip you off. Yeah, it's a given there you're in radio There are some nice people in radio some losers in radio But but you see it in a complex way instead of this simplistic Comic book mentality with either all a good Jew or a bad Jew or a good black bad black that's where I But come angry if human nature has it in just Florida. Well, we talked about the thing with the dentist And the she'll lay head on six minutes from the ADA and the first thing they want to do cover up their own the dentist The doctors the lawyers whatever it is instead of cleaning their own house up same with the cops Oh, geez you call us pegged you do this your anti-cop your bad guy right we got we got more police corruption in this town Then you can shake a stick yeah, we got police murdering other people murdering innocent citizens taking justice into their own hands Hey, if you speak out against the right away you're a bad guy you don't you don't support good law enforcement right? But I'm told right outside this radio station is is a sheriff's office that has has practiced some really heavy handed tactics on some on air radio personalities that's shocking to me You know, I mean it's it's inappropriate. It's inappropriate and the choir drive is They know my car. They love me in North Bay for looks. Thank God 1137 out gold spinners with us the folks speaking a car is Over to Toyota Hollywood tell Patrick Murray you want WIO deal with Mr. Porno the next year of a broad county Alvels thing You made a good point where you're just talking about Europe during the break and when when they took the wall done In Germany the first one of the first things that the people from East Berlin did was they rushed across We used to be the law on the border there into West Germany and they went to all the porno sections there where they have all the shops and the movies Not theaters and the the strip joints in the letter and there was a major article in one of the fanat I think was informed a few weeks ago Just about that about what a multi billion dollar business it is now that all the people from East Germany are just flanking in there because they've been suppressed so long And the same thing in the Soviet Union and thinking we go in cycles You know we go through all these various cycles and the pendulum keeps swinging back and forth and people are repressed for a long time Then they all want something very badly and then all the right way start trying to repress it That's exactly what's happening in Russia and that I'm in the story. Yes, they on an ABC Section in Russia the freedom is breaking through now and you see all these people selling all these porno books and And now it was the right wing to say it's going too far and you do you do have a pendulum swing when patty And I went Berlin two years ago East Berlin was sterrow and boring and gray and West Berlin We went to a porno film which was good quality at comfortable theater. I remember small little thing It was a place to put you so there there was no ripple up it was clean And that's what the people in these Berlin were stopped for and that's where sex is a way of manifesting individuality without hurting people You and I in total agreement so long as you don't force yourself on somebody so in the heat and chill and what I Don't understand is how many examples does it take before the the masses? Maybe they already do they just don't want to would but to Understand they have hypocrisy that you look at this swagger thing and a Jim Baker thing and Bob Balman and Merrill It's a Air I maybe I can't say air, but I don't want to make a blanket generalization But I would say the overwhelming majority of the finger pointers the ones who are screaming allowed us They're doing everybody in sight, you know behind closed doors That I think what we're talking about is hypocrisy You know live and let live Doesn't matter what your sexuality as I see the issue for me on children and rate is I clearly am on the side Against both because I don't believe a child of a you can can evaluate what's better for him or her Rate tastes of the choice and option from the other person Sure to that and there are some weird sexual activities called war this sports and things that I'm not might Thing but if you want to do it And you're doing it in the safety of home the world of SNM is something I really haven't played around with but if two Two people want to To sort of do like chenese the balcony and have the proven the rust sex without danger Oh my to say no, thank oh that's so good Well Before in fact if the food doesn't show up pretty soon. We may have a little incident going on here in the studio What is he doing over there is he ordering out man? Under ordinary circumstances we don't want to be pushing but she is these people are like the and of course patty needs it She's like She's in the past out. How do you could probably handle another half hour anyway without passing how do you fell down and she can't get up? I think the dog fell down a can't get up. I meant that woman who did that famous girl right Don't yeah, I fell down and I can't get up this a writer in New York they Michael must though Right for the village voice and he had a birthday party and he had her come and she's really a very classy woman I want to meet the old lady who does the clap thing and wanted to bed where she collapsed and let the TV goes off She's just as good. She's in fact she already fell down and can't get up at the point she got a clamp mobile and how he would Are you gone? Long gone. Okay. Pop it. Oh beach Is also gone Well, we've been he keeping these people on my feet right there. Oh yeah, yeah, my amy Is there anybody left on these lines? Boy you people are brutal my amy beach Good morning. Yes, sir. He's on your patience. Well, thank you. Welcome Lisa acknowledge it. I'm it's an interesting show and I'm listening today because it is showed conscience uh-oh Yes, I was about I just got something down when you could live in let's live I agree with you, but I think more people want to Be accept corruption or pessimists because They feel that if you let them get away then corruption they've got to let you get away in pairs You've been lazy. I mean corruption. But yeah, so in other words uh, it's okay All right, I had a point a question, but I just wanted to recall a funny story at least with some me the first time I ever heard of you or anything To do with you with an a harbony and chef Chinese restaurant On upper Broadway things, but I'm just straight to the early 60s We are Columbia and we're sitting in just eating Chinese food and some people walking down the aisle They screw pleasure Screw pleasure We had no idea what the hell was going on and it turned out that they were selling Pointed magazine and there was a good old days when I could go back to them I would kind of funny in a court like go back Is the exact same dim sucks yeah, okay Well and my friend Tony Kelley says it's not well, but We were my image. We have our own problems with the chief of police and now Imposing because on morality closing down top is but Yeah, he's sending down letters. He's sending out letters now. One two is the approval of city commission To the employer of people arrested Drug related charges, so we're fighting it here and I had a question to ask you I may I'm coordinate it for libertarian party And yeah, good and I heard through some Great fine that you are connected with libertarian party right taking their help. Yes. I'm I expect to get the designation to be running for sheriff on You are Political affiliation. I'm gonna run anyway But what better candidate for you than me? Why and so it's perfect because I am a I am a libertarian and The question is is I know you've got one winning candidate in Alaska You're now gonna have your second winning candidate. You're gonna have a sheriff in Broward County And we can make some changes just by ignoring the stupid lawyers I'm I'm gonna put the manpower wear accounts against the criminals not against the topless clubs and the ponos shops And the rock lyrics. I am not I'm you're sick critic New federal legislation just went down on things that any drug power analysis now a selling of it is federal effect In the end this is getting a great idea It's right thing The needle I've been talking about a lot of things and I was watching something on the PBS station here in this area Fascinating fascinating peace on polygamy have Pligamy was really an extension and expression of religious of someone's religious religiosity and suddenly the other religious people who may be just as nutty Because I think there's a Roman Catholic who works awfully roughly crazy values Telling other religious people what what's acceptable and not we believe Polygamy should be covered and and and then a hundred years ago in order to be Allowed into the United States they had to give a polygamy but the history of polygamy is that age-old history of Repression and oh question against points of view. We don't like whether it's sexual or ideological It's upsetting and I see why meal becomes cynical because I can see it I can see in my own and here I am five years old Yeah, it's something I do when I quote fraudless lies I'm here and I try not to I just don't even get the hell out of here if it aren't you But I don't have what other people are doing people say well you can't do anything You can't do anything you know, they and I say excuse me what are you doing Get everybody out It's what you're doing towards liberty and freedom while you are here in this planet Well, I you know that's not it. Listen sounds great. I'm a surface Very highly listed the approach of what what people come in here all be long I can't turn a little bit party. I can't do this. I can't vote for that and what difference is it make? Forget it. What are you doing using individual well well if you can get to one person And as long as you're doing something you then will influence other people. Oh, no, I don't disagree with that I'm not saying that everybody should just throw their arms up at here and give up. I mean heaven forbid We should do that but I'm not doing that as a nation But we're looking for somebody else but you you have to put your energies into areas where you really believe you can be Effective like every year. I do this thing where we raise money for the Camille sauce and a homeless because it's a cause I believe in and yeah We're gonna raise over 100,000 but it's still a drop in the bucket but at least it's something at least it's directing some of your energies in a positive way And something tangible that you can put your finger on as opposed to the wild blind idealism of the 60s A lot of us used to cling to where we're gonna change mankind and we're gonna and especially in this area You're not gonna change mankind. It's like try to talk to a rocket isn't gonna happen They told me that my first came here 15 years ago when I was a wild-eyed idealist I thought I was gonna really make big changes here. We're gonna do this and forget it It's not gonna happen because the people don't care you can lead a horse to water But you can't make him drink and you can't force feed the public if they don't care You can't force him to care and I've learned that the hard way believe me Never effective But you see I think I think what what people like you Who have called in the oh my self In the I'm not in drug Virginia any help we will contact the party and not quickly Thanks you definitely like to but reasonable objectives I think I think if we don't do that we wipe ourselves out and I think what happens is when you believe in something You think you're gonna go all the way with it if you make that small gesture that small step for me 22 years of publishing screw. I have not been a Radical change in American life but every week that screw came at my mere existence was as was a Rebealed against the jury for me but you were making a comment But you roster entertaining people yes true magazine And you said this yourself before you were given a public what they wanted it was it was juvenile It was off a more absolute but it also had a message to a run sense what I do You're right well I do everything I entertain people I have a message too Right, but to try to sit here and pontificating get your blood pressure up and carry on and think that you're gonna change people's attitudes and force feed them Forget it. It isn't gonna happen. By the line we're in show business And if you're not entertaining people You're right you are failing School magazine is not a Plemit for sexual freedom It's near existence is a statement and bottom line let's leave the reader happy give them some good value That's good enough for me exactly 11.52 52 eggs And some BLT's no doubt are toast or whatever they got got some diet soda for me and I'm in the best part of it as you can be witness I'm not touching anything how do you like that? Oh hash browns look at that That's enough for real what's fatigoon a Excellent anyway we've reached a miles ago. We need a little sound effect Well, I could be it or maybe Anyway, Mr. Disney just came in now. He already donated as he did last year $1,000 personally for a criminal sauce Now here is a check from Wild and our friends the co-snext door for another $1,000 for criminal sauce which puts us that's a very important donation Because it puts us over the 80 $1,000 mark even before the mail comes in the day 80 $444.85 In fact, maybe Murray Kim that would you do me a big favor Murray? I mean you already do is to be can you do the eraser is right there and the front is their chalk There's the chalk on the other room The chalk is all right. Okay. We'll get a piece of chalk George bring our piece of chalk from the other one put it up because it's a real milestone. I'll look at that little sausage little a hand and now we're cooking. I boy I haven't seen a little us Man this man is smiling from ear to ear now The eaten sheriff, huh? You know the sheriff in the car spots the Georgia the guy in Georgia and the big fat sheriff is in all those cars But you could be like him to put the uniform on the only problem is it's gonna cost the taxpayers Affortion to cold this man. Can you imagine a sheriff's outfit that we're gonna have to put together for you? Got a cost as millions Is that my con by the way? I don't think so. I don't hear it. What were you saying? I'm gonna feed myself in my own money any any calls from Nick thou on the braheline? Do we let's see let's take a brahard call from Look at that six is North Miami O4 is Fort Loderdale. Hello. Wow. All right. I can the 60s do you remember a movie called it happened in Hollywood? I made it you made that I'm in it. I Play the kingdom of Philistines if you watch the hip-way through the film you'll see me Involve in my sexual and explicit sexual activities I was a projection effect there now with an incredible you know It's wild the film was made by West Craven who has become famous This is probably with Gloria Leonard that you deny No, but as I remember This is acrobatic sex. Yeah, but it's it's it's a it's a screw film Oh, I made it so funny movie we would release of a weekend by the print Hey back then you know when the movie theater is just the show when they have photos I ran 35 millimeter Photo films and once the theater and the other theater been regular Holly with down the time you can add it There's a fuse and it was great It was great. Did any of the patrons ever get confused the wide-up at a wrong one? Over time Over time it didn't you did ever come running out screeching probably unlikely they probably stood in her long time Ow, what do you like better you like what fans like better or down here? I like being here because it's more peaceful by really having found great restaurants I'm a Neil is giving me a list. I'm gonna check them out But I only have better food. Yeah, you really need great restaurants In fact, there'd be the best thing that happened for you. I'll keep the list of myself And we're used to lose from the point But when porn was brought into the home at the BPR's in the video tape and everything do you think like back in the 60s You know even going to see an annual house I'm gonna consider pornographic and I'm moving But it's been brought into the home. Do you think it's that was kind of like the that down slide? I need a trivial point, but I don't know It did help to sale a video dance This was appointed x-rated represented 50-60 percent of film that was Hollywood films of burgeoning and they're more I'll be Hollywood films is down to about 15 percent But it's a multi-billion dollar business Okay, and on that note, do you love lead the not so pornographic a lane at tour depending upon who's looking? I guess I guess if you're over the age of a hundred she's really something special Elaine's got the noon Wiod news will be back with our goldstein and patty and the dog and food at 1205 we're gonna change the number up there 80,444 with thank Mr. Disney and company and over again Rick and puts in two sports talk in 605 Hank Goldberg eight tonight. You're right 1207 at Wiod And we got our goldstein here happy faces in this video Even the dog is quiet Inside she's on a four eating everybody's eating except me. I want I want you to verify that I'm really impressed now we had brick with what my lunch That was a prep was I was only I get two minutes. I was at the Olusy American plan wasn't it was in the European plan If you eat more than this I'm gonna be I'm gonna carry a elbow for Nick the Barrel That's how Left the room when he came back he had Greece on his chair I did yes I took that check into his bed Dripping out of your cool you are so full of cramp is gone out for somebody as skinny as you are Man you are really full of it. You must hide it very well the chicks it thoughts. Exactly. Anyway I wonder where she got it from we have an open line of date 751 Wiod How Goldstein is here we're solving all the problems in the world. We're gonna turn the world in the Sodom and Gamora or at least part of that He's gonna be sure if and let me say it again at the thing of charcoal's tomorrow Gonna be doing his show church with him. How will be there with a dozen a dozen shirts? A dozen I don't have a consent more though. I didn't have a 12. I'm just giving you a hug No, but for the next one we do our thing of color on the fourth and January between now and then if you give me a whole much Much more of these we can raise money for Camino's house with these There's sharp it's great. These are beautiful outgolds seen for sure for the big flag Everybody wearing it. I can do if you still look like that you might have a fight in chance. I'll tell you look almost human Little like Charlie Manson, but not bad. Maybe that's what we could use for sure if and Brad was Charles Manson He's that doing anything productive. We have an open line at Broward 524Wio D South Miami Hey, how are you doing? Okay? I like the area on the radio. I really enjoy when you when you come on Neil show Thanks a listen. Are the you can't all 10 had a had an exclusive last night You don't know if you caught it out about the Broward share of stuff is having Re-separate investigation Factual with Connor could not believe it. It's unbelievable. I mean next days are really number Besides having so many of his cases reverse Because have built in improper seizures of boats and stuff right and nothing with his wife Disemscruti going on on on her it's it is really he really runs the worst the worst sheriff's office in the United States And again, I know nothing about law enforcement at least know what's legal and illegal and the way to fight crime is to get rid of Nick I mean fight crime at the at the first place the sheriff's office Why wish you all the luck. Thank you very much. Oh, but works out. You know you said something earlier that made I've heard a number of times talking with associates in mine about the homeless Yeah about saying how How they're they're homeless because they want to be homeless. Oh, yeah, that's the biggest crack ever My life yeah, it's unbelievable I mean anyone who thinks that people want to live that existence. Maybe there are a few places For you know there are some people who've been out of who are thanks to Reagan especially they put they opened up the Metalline institutions and they put a lot of people out on the streets because they cut off the funding And so there are a lot of those people who are confused who are mentally unbalanced and he just who don't know any better Don't know any other way of life and just insist on perpetuating that but that's a very small minority of the people who're talking about That's another one of the tactics that's used just like the stereo types the wine owes the drifters Just keep using those terms and it eases your conscience, and then you don't have to worry about it does it it gives them a if they have any Conscience there any It makes it easy their conscience so they don't really feel guilty about not helping the homeless It gives them an excuse not to do it because in their minds They're right and that's why you bet you know doesn't make anything well We're doing great even in a recession year when money is very tight and people are just they're not spending a lot of money because they don't have it We're over 80,000 now. We're gonna go over a hundred thousand by the 15th of January And I think bar people are really to be commanded for that. Thank you. Thanks a lot Listen one last thing. Yeah, down that Comple had a Ted Comple had a documentary last night on sex and yeah, we were angry for doing yeah It was incredible they had a Conservative party member you know a lady says and they were talking about how a lot of the Explanative magazines and video tapes are more available and she says she says this is terrible We should not allow People to get their hands on this type of stuff and I looked at my friend. Dave I said doesn't that sound familiar? I mean here it is Russia. They're they're talking some of the same language of people here are talking about People shouldn't have access the ability to some of these tapes and Magazine them you know like that and it's unbelievable when you look at it around the world like that that They're sounding a lot more like some of the people here are sounding let me give you a bottom line And that's my my perspective as an atheist which is so many religious So many religions are religious leaders try to make this field that would you'll be of sin and and and and and when you're and then in the fighting of sin Anything goes including bright books what that was did A censorship and and then you become like Comaining the I had told it you become a true believer who will destroy the enemy because you no longer a person and I don't want you to have these philosophies Florida and you'll throw up and he doesn't want to hear it But the bottom line is it's good it it's good to look at it to realize for me Then I'm glad I'm a fanographer because at least I'm in favor of our humanity Rather than the suppression of our humanity. Thank you. Thanks for gone. Thank you. 123 to W I O D we have an open line in date 7519463 house breakfast It was nice it's very tasty But I'm not gonna tell you because Jeff from pizza law for wanted to bring food also And I told you or you tell them no way Jose Because you are now you don't look quite as rotate as you were last 12 pound yeah, and it actually shows which is a pretty good because 12 out of four digits is not much No, I there's a place I go to an Atlantic Boulevard for the Pianas and they have great food But the problem is the portions are too big here because a lot of the I think a lot of people here in Miami They but now that you live in Pompano Beach you can go to the early bird Okay, and they feed your little tiny portions for a bird and the prices are about the same It's nice that the chicks will lead to June there exactly. It should be it'll fit right in Robo compass back in better than ever and Hi, this is Mari poe which we're a happy Hanukkah. Okay. I love the way it says it 12 17 at W I O D Now I'm good news for your folks is lighting up a cigar Thanks to Bob weaver. You know you have weaver the weatherman in Channel 4 to thank for though Hey, thank you. He says this is super guy. That's wonderful and he's Jewish too. So I can't feel all that is he fan? A little bit because he's a little bit just waste like 38. I don't know what Bob weaver's waste is how to how the wine Oh, so that might type okay. I check ways so that if no one these guys come in here Then I can tell you what their waste is okay, but they ever come to town But when people talk to me about if somebody is handsome and I always say if the waste is 34 a lesser handsome No, yes You never saw skinny people are ugly. I always want oh Come on Larry King wants his waste. No, but he's sitting I think oh Road ton huh? Road ton Johnny Larry King is road ton. I think he's got a fat tummy Here's crazy. This is absolutely Johnny Holmes Oh Now what did you say was handsome? I think he was handsome. Oh, do you agree with that? Patty is put on your finger look at that there's the hash browns just came up again I can't but if John Holmes was handsome He would do what he was built like in my room. No, no, no, no, look forget about that your office getting first of all Nobody wants to be built like an elephant number one. That's that was beyond anybody's reasonable taste number I understand Calvin Yeah, I'm gonna dignify that with a response when you're Jewish and that's your fantasy You're really desperate. I think that because the rabbi had a sharp night. Yes, Calvin How are you okay Well, that's good usually we have one reason is usually good enough All these rice cards won't give money They come out hard to get a question. What do you yell at him? This is really Go half on them. So give money in life cards suck Calvin literally and figuratively. Don't ever forget it Yeah, but what about the money? That's what I'm talking about And the other one is it's you in birthday today Well, that's great. I would get out the carton play it, but he's just I can't handle it Yeah, you're he's he's got me off. You look at the most man from up to come on myself. Why is that? He said you went to the last one. He knows being a baby Just he's a bunch of people you know what we'll have a real good time without him Calvin you just show up in your underwear will have a great time Okay, okay purple be nice I think if you got a whole bunch of Zuba caps and pants for you in a way to mosa you might go away well-dressed okay Calvin See tomorrow Come on That's what you see that's your constituency right there Zuba pants and caps and underwear I don't understand how long have you had that place in pop and oh, okay two years and you still don't understand where you are I'm amazed you don't sit back. I mean I know you got the dog on your shoulder I love what people here you want to be the sheriff. You can't be a meek. What's Palm Beach? I'm the hell you great definitely a Outstanding Uh This is called hi You had an old friend Dr Tony oh Tony Grant. Yeah, well my love interest Tony currently was very big an LA radio She had a book on a feminism which she basically repudiated this issue. I thought that women should I'll be taking care of my men and Tony and I will love us and live together for about eight months Yeah, but what I understand when you told the story once before that she tonight even knowing you Yeah, but then she quit radio and she quit this station in Los Angeles because I had everything on tape I had evidence at corroboration and she retired from radio LA wasn't big enough for hominite Tony's actually a great just a bit of hypocrisy She would not admit that she went to bed with me or that she wasn't desolate. I'm allowed to be hung upside down And everything was in pain. I think it made her a more diverse radio personality Well, I know you are I knew her many many years ago on her Pretty lady and what she had to do with her name. What's her name? She not only changed her name she had a family change and people never really she was in June for my Vernon and I Yeah, but if you're a Jew you're a Jew right? She showed you the name for Marky point of view, but if you're a Jew you're a Jew that's what you said by me. I'm kind of sure Yeah, I mean Gilbert got me an I a Jew is in people know it right right right But that same thing happened to me I ran into her 20 years after I finished with her I know it's so and She wouldn't even talk to me when I tried to talk to her Well, okay, in your case she was right, but in my case Oh no, no, I'm just doing dog Thank you. Okay, funny too after noon. How's Tony doing by the way? She's quick radio. She's done a new husband and no one has heard from her in two years I did a show what a public service then I drove her out of radio you know Tom Tom like as I did his show and then she tried to get him fired for putting putting me on And ultimately two days later she had to quit the show It's not it's not that that she went the she and I will love her that that Fendemy is that she denied it. I felt first good enough to do it. I'm gonna enough to at least be acknowledged for doing it Doesn't make you know John home Cleo I'm so minutes sure. It's almost like not doing it. Are you? No, seriously. Are you joking? I am a story. I'll forget about that first to me. That's gross test. Okay, that whole size was it But you really thought that he was a handsome man Yeah, why did you instead of fitting I interviewed him to an optometrist get the man some glasses, okay? He was always one of the roses looking people who was ever on the face of the earth. He was I like home with I could call him John home. I covered his murder trial for playboy Would you as a quitting of those four murders and I thought he I like boy who not And and I would have given my right on my feet. I never would have been rejected by a woman if I had his Cool thanks God for Peter North. That's all I can say 12, 20, 12, 20, seven and W. Why do you see you're coming by a charcoal tomorrow with a T-shirts because he is that'd be free food for everybody Yes, good good. Good. Good book. Hey. I'm gonna find a place of New wings a little bit a little bit. If I get the early will they get a shot in more food finger food as they say. I'd rather have like you know Home food. Well, I got there. There too. Okay, we will provide you with whatever you want. Anyway, just want to mention we'll be doing our show tomorrow at the brand new charcoal Just not the commercial on university drive the address is 5426 North University drive and we've got all kinds of stuff. We're gonna be drawing four feet Panasonic car phone courtesy of gold coast cellular We've got naturally the tapes and the t-shirts and also a small select number of the L Goldstein for sheriff of Broward t-shirts Which are beautiful. We got a pair of tickets to the Paul Simon concert to be given away courtesy of Fantasma Productions We got a whole bunch of Zuba pants and hats courtesy of the dolphins Dinner certificates from charcoal's and pizza lock dinner from fresh cottage and tated restaurant a pair of matching lamps from design lighting And a free buffet in a parkridge in a pear tree. What's up? What did you want then that? When's the full Simon? When's the full Simon concert? Don't ask me quite what the hell do I know? I went out of my town. I went off. I could like for nagle some tickets. They're not in fact it's funny I bet on time because I was in Vegas and he's coming to Vegas like right around New years so I'm here to you know in fifth of his anything free. I wanted yeah that's what I was afraid of Mobile and full of honor now Yeah, I like to think to share a cool thing. Thank you. I love the sound of it I'll follow you any place We needed you a sheriff don't we? Absolutely. I'd like to be a campaign manager. This is let's talk about it I'm George that comes from the younger Italy in the 20 years I think you'd be out of it. We'll buy votes. We don't have to look him more than it. It was next time a buck will pay a buck 10 Eric got to get rid of that That's crazy Really is a I mean a total more than one of these days when I debate him I'm gonna you know highlight his failures I don't think he'll talk to you. He's afraid. He's gonna be running. He's running He's Mr. Machuaman's afraid to debate out those things I think they do you got any connections you could bring John Gotti down here if you got elected I mean let's have a good time You're better You know John yeah, I like John because he's getting fat too. He doesn't aim weight. He's not 41 inch weights First we got to get about a jail. Yeah, you'll be up a Friday. I hope I don't wish you the best. Thank you very much. Happy holidays. The field been happy. How did it go? Everything go and the same to you. Thank you. Okay Something about that news I'm gonna be waiting. I want to see the movie Christmas. Can I wait first showing us 12? You know, there always can't win. We had the casino gambling things on a ballot here of course There's so such vision in a state that they've voted down every time And one of the reasons they give is all the mob is gonna come in like they're not here already I thought we couldn't be an interesting twist the little irony on the campaign to say you're we're gonna bring them mob in okay. I had a great time for everybody the mob. I mean the mob runs things so everyone makes money They're very efficient right practical. Everybody can make money has a good time. It's right 12 30. Let's go to Miami. Hello Great How are you today? I'm fine Listen now just wondering if it got a chance to see how our current show here weekend I think the show is terrible. Yeah, I'm really I feel bad because I should I sued how it because I did this TV show And he edited me out because I'm an after member he owed me 550 dollars which he wouldn't pay So I took them this small claims point we settled on 350 dollars So I didn't see the husband to mess you be out on there. Did you see that one Patti? I heard some people telling me that was cute But he's too ugly to be in telegram And he knows his tomb did he needs a nose jump his hair He's been low to have hair like that. I mean he's the great he has but he is very talented I'm ready. Oh, I'm ready. Oh, he's ready. Oh, show is great. This TV You know this is about a third or fourth attempt on TV and he just doesn't cut it on TV. He's gruesome No, no, it's it's sure he's bad and and then and the horses teeth What's an aim Robin should be shot in a shit counts. She's a list of folks up in 1% of porn is about this the other 90% 98% is consenting sex men and women who are exhibitionists Designers have been stars who enjoy sex Who want to do it? There are no different than people who are who are athletes who are football players or hockey players They're proud of their specialties and what's wrong with that? I mean again It's easy to distinguish Do you think that the the repression that they put on that is what causes? You know, these mass murder types to claim that pornography is what fields? Well the the the famous one Who is the guy who is he? Fund me Blender upon not me. I mean funding All the studies I've seen was abused as a child. This is his grandfather Through against the wall. He was an alcoholic Bundy learned learn to be violent because he didn't learn love. He was brutalized and and and and to them One that's how we learn things child abuse has become child abuse is pornography didn't fit anything into his life Everyone admits including glorious dinam and Betty 3 then that rape is not a crime of sex It's I mean, you know, this is his born to meal is to me. We've been through it. It's so many years But rape is is not a crime of sex is a crime of violence is power And and so Bundy blamed anybody blame society he refused to take responsibility and of course the right wing Jumped on his Plaming a pornography. What pornography does is it results if it's good pornography and in an activity the activity is Mass division or or sexuality with one's girlfriend boyfriend or wife if you think that that's an activity that's a sin Cat let's believe the masturbation is obviously you're against pornography. It's that simple I always just curious what you felt about it and also I'd like to thank you for what you do in the middle time Okay, thanks And I think just next should personally hand you some type of citation award for what you're doing and It's probably a very hairy palm you probably wait in pop at obese right now And if I have to grow it you get my vote out. Thank you very much appreciate it Good day and good luck on the campaign thanks. Bye bye 445 at WIWD we got two open lines of both and date county 751 Repression 7519463 tamarack Yeah, I mean, yes, I mean, oh, and today Hi, for the moment You'll play now. I want to say it's been you and I cannot much into voice But they decided to be your favorite voice for walking yeah Yes, I'm not a veterinarian But why is my voice break so I don't bring some great sound of it. I have to destroy it But the animal lives in can't fix so you just walk around on it It forces have to stand I know that And roughly and with such a tremendous horse that when she broke down in that match race with foolish pleasure They tried to save her anyway, which a lesser horse they would have just put to sleep immediately And they operated and they tried to save her and the operation was successful But the problem was that she's even under medication horses trash around it's like a reflex and so much that she rebroke the leg and it was in a very short period of time they had to destroy her But horses are just the stand-up kind of animals and they they have to stand on their legs and Is that the closure Surveillance have great in ways of great big bodies? Hell that pressure is on a leg. Yeah, well, that's one of the reasons and more from breakdown and for example standard Bredzohanus horses because they're running and they're putting more pressure and they're built differently I think I think I like the words of like Like the attacker or Seattle They really don't go out of the way to try to save it and they really get a big thing But it wasn't fake but it's about it's made me right. Yeah, because it's just it's virtual and hot Let's face it if they if the hand-in-built be a do it like go for one to work down in the abridis cup a couple of few weeks ago It's just the hopeless situation I thought the reason they did what they could try but Who wish we thought to take it save the words but since it couldn't run anymore, it couldn't make any money Are they kill it now? No, that's right I mean it's a question now, but the horse had a very thin waist Yeah, she said the horse was good looking doesn't have the thin waist Oh We had a Party for much of medical Which I want and they're pretty pretty died because we think most the most are we still on dead I'm not seeing your bills daily wait. We're regretting thing is I think I better company and make really good videos They were not nothing with violence but But John and K and you were a representative Well, I said there was a company Janet that actually used to do in the genum at Farms films in the 60s as Janice Locating company somewhere. It must be a new company because Janice was actually a releasing company upon films That were already the one not sexual so Yeah, I'll get if I further those films right They're the kinky kinds of films. They're available Well, Florida, where's a handle for interest? There's somebody who's got a vent for John have a check. What is that? Is the Jewish one handle for yeah, right? I would go bargaining with the see them I'll take the big eaters like out my bull bread set It's not threatening that most guys I think don't know what to look at in a point of film They don't look at another male genitalia. I know like I'm hung up with that and my big on my small He has two I only have one you know stuff like that But you'll look at two women three women there's nothing that Is it's frightening to you or threatening plus the average male ego associated Because these women would not be with each other if she was on the set So so it ended the thing the the ultimate to build was in one of our films Not sure who was screw on screen or having a Hollywood we had a male male scene and that was unknown But that's scary because that is very threatening to most men Because I did anything most men out do have latent sexual leg no sexuality and Our afraid of that and it's so and you don't have the problem of much Oh, masculine if you're looking at two and three women do or Your life one or with male have both the one You know, you know, cancer because you see me Right and tell you it's graphic. Yeah, I know I agree with that. I wonder most people I run a lot of phone lines in New York sex phone. I's the most popular one and I'll clean it up is chicks with Penises of what's that it it's it's got a different name and pages of screw but it's a bad it's America yes three ops Oh, for in sexual This turns on a guy because he seems to be with a woman with breasts That woman also has male apparatus so it is the number one Grossing economic grossing Sex foam on we have in New York I think it's not like it makes me feel man I think it's doubly exciting because it's also kinky has and done it and and I mean, no kid phone sex lines are about fantasy phone sex lines are about Doing what you're not doing if it's a married guys with the same woman all the time It's exciting and stimulating all I know is the numbers are really very good on that it makes the most money first Okay, well, but I have a These dark Corey well, yeah Yeah, yeah, she's very pretty. I've seen her in my way I haven't interviewed her, but she's a very attractive woman. I don't know a lot of jewelry Yeah, yeah, the interesting thing we did a story in screw 90% of the males at Jewish And the women are all from my trail of cities or 98% of the women are all Christians usually raised from very religious families The only Jewish ones I know really will go real men and who's much pissed upon actually doing it But the women were all Catholic and the guys were happy to be getting it for free and also getting paid for it I have a reen's I got a chemi kill list no, not child less they gave me a kill as a Jewish yeah Oh, and Jamie too God let me think he's ugly, but he is He is a real man. I mean, is dear running how it's turned knows does that mean Jamie? Who's knows is ugly how it's done or saying no is he ever seen together here? Yeah, they're sitting together. Yeah Okay, thank you. Thanks for calling perfect. You want a Wild with Mr. Sheriff now Goldstein We have an open line of Broward five to four two and day 751 Wild you know, I want you to help me with a spot because you're Where like how will you see when you made that movie? You know, remember you still don't remember that movie in passing I last time you hear you put on a vacuum for tell you You didn't remember the movie with Gloria But I I really didn't happen in Hollywood where you see me new doing it. Oh This is a dream oh true Women beautiful Mobile Yellow yes I like say hello to Al hi I don't hey do it out Goldstein. I haven't spoken to you in about 13 years so I'd like to Andrews you question No, one is Joe still the superintendent one one six what what they said He was he died of AIDS oh your Four years ago we have a new super named OBOBI But we love Joe because he was big fattening And he made me look thin ways to I have a picture of you myself and Joe and I know you destroy It's totally the toy place. I'm having to play place the kitty play. You're got it Bunny's right I got you know I How are you feeling I heard you a down here? I have a down here for about 13 years. Okay, so are you brow it? Yeah, are you brow it then? Are you a registered voter? Absolutely good. You're gonna be useful. You know now we have you told me now I think what you're going to do Because I know some great things to see. Okay good. And I'm a lightweight Okay, I like that. I don't remember you remember we'd be in front of my road Royce yes, yeah, for that you're a turquoise road right That's right. Just remember the election is in 92 now you're by the little long enough for the election You know you gotta have to cut some of these meals on it. Okay, believe me Let me ask what you still have that little magazine gadget? No it was a new delighted the tested Electronics we did it for 12 years we gave it up three years ago because it because new ladies are not successful unless they have stock tips or they're dealing with your own particular business as a discretionary publication people would rather by pop it in mechanics probably science so we let that go Well, let me ask you questions all year of course, right on here You want to give me a number? I'll give you my name Yeah absolutely absolutely. Okay, hold on a second. Okay. Okay. That's Sunday star line now. Why don't you take his number? Good thank you. And then I will call him and you can miss flop numbers or whatever. That must be okay By the way, I have to do a little play by play on this to show you what a captivating show We've had here today for these last three hours if we only now is a time even as ugly as we are in fact We'll be on television because Patty is sitting here with one elbow on the tail Whether the dog in her left they are both sound as we well. She's content she had a nice breakfast She's tagging her in your beehive. She's all a million times before when she says don't make it right and she's just having a nice rest and she is out Solve I mean just if I could see I could scream and you're making a bother Yeah, Miss Milwaukee is sleepy. No, and she said three years of bliss with me. She's my fourth wife Well, yeah, you can say all that now because she can't respond. No, no, no You know, you realize that she has what her dream she always wanted to do a husband and she has one For a shit said that is the ultimate objective. Is it is a Have it you On you my thought always no big deal Anyway, we have an open line of day 751 and one on the star line for our great bell soft mobility folks out there star IOD Elaine at tourist standing by with our exciting one o'clock news Elaine who is very by the way speaking of fetish She's in the old man. She really is. Yeah, well much older than here You have to go waste the shit Well, I don't know but her waist is like Carren carpenter anyway, she's got the one o'clock news will come back without both state of 105 Rick and pots with how you're sinking Well, I was playing that I got it. I got it. I don't all so far You know you're gonna get the living in breathing boat right okay, but the big geriatric boat You come out of deal with an early bird special. I'm I'm serious early bird boat Early bird everything you're right. I give them I get I can only grab it tickets early bird I'm serious right it's a brilliant win-a-mover no problem I'm early bird voting. I'll get them chicken soup before they go into the box For the boy that's a great fact when they're standing online you would do put up a big sign rascal house north Okay, and we'll pretend that they're standing online down here and you'll have a guy working in the line with bagels and rolls We'll stuff silverware and sweet low in their pocket. Oh, so have it me They'll shuffle in no no even what they want we're gonna do it next days on numbers. Okay Carol City Yeah, what's that speaker phone or You always tell always tell the right no and how good they say it is terrible you could always tell it's it's you only in the canyon But we could tell how to tell when I'm gonna Clear Voy and it means this So in the bad it is not good you probably bought the 39 dollar model from home shopping centers Oh, this one was 161 but you have been up a because I paid 99 But it's great because you can keep one hand on the phone in the other hand somewhere else Yeah, well this for you scratch your forehead. I know Right, it's got something so anyway That was a new this is a do but yeah, yeah, you from a few custody. Yeah, you doing Lou Elements most of a workout be there happy birthday little be looking for a while bells on exactly There's somewhere where they can okay see tomorrow. Oh, certainly yeah, I have a question for out. Thank God. Okay Oh, you're definitely wrong. How could you say John Holmes is good looking? I think he is But I like skin hours and old man with very weak guys Okay, and I like skinny guys. I really do I mean that to me fat is bad I'm gonna be interviewing Dom Dello we use him two weeks ago And you didn't tell me he's handsome no, I think he's funny. He's great I'm funny fit to put him in a glad bag and uh lock him up Well, we're gonna talk about diets because he's very he's really self destructive with his food. I am he I had him in no surgery I'm bringing diet and he's so funny. Oh, what ever happened to a? Is Tony the hook crash killer? No, no, no years ago years ago. You're talking about nostalgia films now Right, okay, Lou Thanks, Lou have a great time. Oh, Lou is just an coma We have an open line in day at 7 phi one. Oh, he's okay. Just a speechless. They're one hand is too busy exactly I think we just can do a conclusion 7 5 1 Wild with alcohol. Same sheriff. Ow for your holidays. Here's a great place. There's another restaurant You should try it ever try find do or you know Hey, O D with sure if how we have an open line in day at 7 5 1. There's a mobile and four-later bill Hello, yes, sir. I just went to the tunnel. I was breaking up. It's a real pleasure to hear you and speak to you I'll go and I think you're doing fantastic things for people The Kenny tunnel. Yeah, right? Who is Kenny? Are you not changing him to a Kinsey tunnel? But who is this guy Kenny? You must have been some county person who knows. I don't have any Kenny. I have no idea I probably a friend of Sheriff Nick Well, he did point of films and yeah Really it's something about Sheriff Nick But watch and watch after the holidays and after the inauguration I think you're going to see some involved sheriff Good. I think I really do think his days are numbered. I think the old added enough rope and now hang them So it's culminating into so much stuff We've true with him. Could you tell me? I said you covered the murder trial of John Holmes? Yes, could you refresh my memory? I just wouldn't have to have it if it's a laurel canyon murders And in LA there's a guy Eddie Nash who was a drug dealer He's still in prison and a Johnny Holmes was became a cocaine user heroin user really heavy drugs And this and they were four people murdered in in Laurel Canyon Holmes was they have Holmes went on trial and any other jurisdiction, but LA he would have been convicted But during and I was the cut cover in the trial for playboy Very funny so what happened was a according to the defense John was forced to be there Eddie Nash had been ripped off in some drug purchase and wanted revenge and so Holmes and all the disabled's rear end led everybody to this other group of people and all four one were massacred and Holmes was acquitted but I spent time with him. I interviewed him and I mean he was a psychopath But he was a very interesting one and he stopped talking to me because I found that the real story about his life He's born Pennsylvania his father was a real-world man He had made a story that his mother was very wealthy. He grew up in upstate New York and he was angry Then I ran the real story and he ever tracked playboy It was probably one of the best articles I've ever written last month's playboy had an article about by me about fishing in Bangkok And the other night we talked about the trip Well, Bangkok is the place to go before you die. Bangkok you will love we are more friends who love it I'm serious a Bangkok is where you must go, but I'm also told there's a place called something like boy town where we could find life for young men We're in Bangkok nearby Anything is you can buy anything in Bangkok the main area is pet pong which is with the sexes, but I did patty to a show a year and a half ago and what women they had to adopt it It's amazing. I mean, it's it's a great though everything is for sale There is no sin. It's not dirty. It's just it's a job and it is a sensuality there plus I love Thai food It's it's wonderful. I think Bangkok is a great one I met a guy from Thailand and we spent some time together and After what I said Something about being well equipped and he said we're not Chinese Which I thought was rather cute Well, the pet patty will tell you a story. We are singing the fairy. Okay, we were with a friend of ours from LA whose K and So he took me to gay club he'd been to and Patty was was with him 50 guys were on stage doing it And I remember telling Patty look at all these guys looking at me. They weren't looking at me They were looking at Patty because they're mostly bisexual But I mean anything goes there and I think it's great. I think Bangkok is the play if I if I went on married It's where I'd want to retire to the hell with Switzerland So we're talking about Switzerland. Just so that's for what they all okay Okay, have a good one. Thanks. One 18 and Wild we have an open line on the star Where did Switzerland come from all of a sudden? Retarded about angel and we always say Retired Switzerland It's so beautiful and you see the mouth You want to see mountains. You don't have to go to Switzerland. I'm going to damn it's great. No, I'm for this two cold Bangkok's always warm. It's 80 and 90 listen I don't want to sound like a world traveler because I've been to Europe two years in a row Which hardly qualifies me. I mean been Hawaii six times but as far as out of this country I've been to Europe twice but I was in Rome I was an Amsterdam I was in Copenhagen which I thought was very boring by the way they totally sanitized Copenhagen It's like a pepper find it's boring. Typically guns went boring. It's like it's like the size of this room typically guards But Rome was outstanding exciting. I think that all Europe. I mean, you know, and years ago on hopefully if I'm still around I'm gonna check it all out. I think Europe is fascinating the dollar is week. Did you find that you I felt porn Europe? I'm gonna be going in June on a cruise with patty Which I've never done cruise before but I'm told it's 13 days of eating and that's really exciting I'm cruising I'm not cruising Okay, wait by the way, you know, maybe we can have the sheriff in the box. Okay, because that's what I think's gonna happen by 90 You had a stop You got a stop I'm gonna watch my food, but we would like to you to have your own max card because you want to eat at some of the best restaurants in town It's all we talk about in this show is food and I'm telling them to stop But you might as well save some money. Okay spread it around with it If you'd like to Chinese food Japanese German Mexican Delhi whatever it is max card is honored It's some of the very finest restaurants all over the South Pole in fact in deep Yeah, and eating cruise one twenty three with Mr. Food why don't you just forget about this here if the guy in channel 10 looks a little Long in the two What's your best? Mr. Fool you know you've had problems with the station saying that if we're afraid I'm gonna be on you know I'm clean I didn't understand I'm going to have a rowing man. Yeah, I'm much rather total of our efforts I went up to a bottle. I would just show in San Francisco and Alex is good ratings there He's happy hated Florida Florida hated him and he's happy in San Francisco And he's funny he said that he's now 29. I should tell you You remember you nailed by the end of next year this guy should be like a teenager In fact by the end of the area fly him to Bangkok. Okay. I'll be like an unmolated one I loved it because Alex is a friend and then he did quit in this lie and you remember his age from his previous time And he's nailed and he didn't know what to do with it because you and we lay a family I would lay up as he would always the ball a guy looks if I looked at him I'd say his guy in his early 50s. Which is about what he is and He started out when he filled in for me. He was 49 according to him Then they come back here to work a full-time gig now he's 44 Well, it's just a few months. He just dropped five years and you pointed it out I don't know what you ever understand it was when you're bald and aging and wrinkly I mean it's not a he's not a hideous guy, but he's his old like we are he's getting up there Why lie about your rate? Not gonna be so funny. I thought it was hilarious. I loved it I Let's see that's the only thing. I mean I didn't dig his act. I came sure out there He's got the big names Robin Williams and all those people and he you know they they are into his thing I couldn't get into his thing at all. It didn't fit this market the audience didn't take to him But the thing that bothered me about Alex and of course is I look back to be try to be fair I can understand he was very uncomfortable because it came into a situation that's totally unlike what he's ever been in before I mean this is not LA and it's not Frispo and Simon York. This is a tough place And but he was up tight about it and just like the thing about his age if he would it because his whole-thousstick was the comedy in the stand-up comics if he himself had a better sense of humor about things And not been so up tight. I think he'd had a better chance and I think bringing Penn down the first week with the kiss of death The old twin-tagnast it really endured him to me. Yes, one twenty six. If W. I O D. Hi, Alia Hi Neil I'm a rhythm and you're enjoying your show today. Thank you. I certainly hope that That Al does get elected up there and brought a car. Thank you very much crown out of it He's got my 10 votes Yeah, I think I moved to Broward County just a vote of more thanks. Thanks, line If you got in it's a sheriff up here would you have Would you have a liberal attitude towards the Taj partners? Absolutely, of course. Would you be in liberal mind probably open a Desk? Yeah, there's an anything involving consensual sex. I'm in favor. Yeah, I agree. You know, gay, husband, Ray, you know, let's leave people alone. I'm I don't want to check your positions out I don't want them you know, I mean anything goes as long as it's consensual. I would love to see some way of taxing some of those activity To about some of the money back, but but but definitely I would not mind other people's morals To save us place to be in Broward County is at a topless club So I think we need more topless clubs. Let's be no I think Wait a minute, you say less bingo. You asked me. Okay, is your campaign advisory? Let me see. There was a bad We had to flip to the top. Okay more bingo is know what you say. Yes, lots more bingo You got a combine and my drunk turn can we combine and do the my drunk and shuffleboard Marjan at the topless clubs. Excellent. So you bring the Alta Caco with you, right? And he looks at the girls with Patty speak. Well Topless bingo. We got topless. We got topless donuts. What's wrong with topless? Hingo brilliant. I love it. Okay, we're sad. Thank you 16 out of the beat But you know our land know what they've got Disney world. I think we ought to have some adult programs down here to attract some of the people from Slesh world Thank you Thanks on everything I can to get your life. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it and I love your idea Neil about early bird voting And you know, you know, photo early. The topless one. The topless one is right on the other right. That's such a question No, you know the interesting thing those seriously in four-laterdale. I mean talk about the pathetic and again because you got these Appathetic people nobody says to much a grumble little but lesser in business. They're all going bankrupt But here we had Mayor Cox if we can say that and Oh, we don't want all of you. We don't want spring break. We don't want all those kids in a rowdy and they're doing this and they're drinking beer So we had all these repressive laws. We started a bus and kids on the beach and we then then we made an overt campaign So we don't want you here go to Daytona go to Texas. We don't want spring break So we've had two years ago was bad last year and I'm mitigated disaster They tried the senior citizen of Break which was a disaster because they were spilling prune juice all over their bags They were crossing the street over their collostomy bags and he didn't like that So now he's got the goal to say oh Maybe it wasn't such a bad idea. Let's have spring break back. Let's invite the kids back What do you know it's like if I come to your house and you say to me you're a jackass I don't like you I hate you like boys and don't ever come back to my house again And I'm like six weeks later you say hey why don't you come over for a cup of coffee? I don't think I'm coming back Yeah, you're absolutely right. That's what he's trying to do I mean these people are nuts. They're always saying okay. Let's throw this out But they never have an idea what they're gonna replace it with We're never gonna have this leave world here because we already blew that 30 years ago We already blew that down the toilet. We could have had it or lando is got a fool I mean they're just killing us with that kind of tourism So the only way this town is really gonna make it and this is after having been in Hawaii all of the weather was terrible And in Vegas where the places are jam packed with tourists and spending jr.s dollars is this for me? The real sun and fun not just talk about it but let it happen and do it. It's so true because I wasn't in land Exitio a couple of weeks ago and it's never compete with my failures. This is a weather what I should what's in place And it's doing things The clothes for a clock either go with it or or By the side of that there's still packed me. It's still making me because they're offering people something they want You've got the weather here. This can be such an economic But names it to everybody and I mean it's amazing to me that the political Morans who we voted and that's why I think your cynicism is justified Because the political system always always spews for us the worst candidates Always I mean it's terrible did you vote to caucus against Bush? I couldn't I hated both I hated both of them To caucus denying his membership of the American Civil Service But his wife is a lot better at the party than the better than once a month of the Washington This is the first president we ever had whose grandmother was in the White House with him It's sad isn't it? Yeah, she says like a sweet lady, but she looks so old I hope he has a young mistress It's so one See it Maybe with the what president's got a small waist though He's a small lady and a small brain to go with it 131 at W wild do we have an open line and and before we go on a more calls You know the interesting thing. I'm sure I said this when you were here last time, but now it's it's flowered more so Reagan who was just a mindless puppet You know first it was a mindless puppet of GE and now he's a mindless puppet for the right-wing extremist During his years we all feared the worst what will happen though is he planted all the seeds and now Mr. kinder jetler fascism has come along under the guys of wanting Less government and less repression of being kind of each day everybody and now the seeds of all germinated man We've got like a fascist state that we're living in it's getting worse every day and and and the fruits of the user Bay of kind of Ronald Reagan What's come to fruit now talking about Ron Jr now? No, it is the you know the lack of regulation He said less government so we had more corruption to save me some loan association I mean this is a country that's run am I in Reagan's new book which I looked at parts of it He the book is is almost as blank pages like he is a blank mind and Sadly the American public would probably vote for him again as president and you know the first one We had at least a mile-of-time that I can remember this whole anti-point thing was Nixon next And next at a point in the one commission they did a long exhaustive study They came up with a conclusion he didn't like so then he pointed another group start all over him And here's a man talk about morality and I want to recommend to again if you were listening earlier the book High-treason which is the new book about the Kennedy assassination Named even if you read every book that's out if you read this one and I'm almost finished with it It's incredible it's in paperback. You should get it and You cannot come away reading this book without being convinced the Richard Nixon and Richard Helms was his director of the CIA and Howard haunted some of his other water Greek cronies We're also involved in the planning and carrying out the assassination of John Kennedy So here's a man who's appointing all these commissions to study pornography and immorality who turns out one of the most immoral Politicians in the history of the country happens over them and on that first On Nixon's list of appointed people to to the president's commission on the identity was the name Charles cheating He was on the committee. It's right Mr. Morality who whose sins were paying 4 through the nose Gonna pay 4 for years to come 133 without golds. Then we have an open line today. It's 7519463 and we want to tell you get about our big BitBoy George has away with words. He said the Hawaiian traffic guys bringing as a bunch of stuff to give away through a Motivary said you want me to bring a minute or just take his crap and they know Okay, just take his crap and get him out of here and tell him thank you very much and we appreciate it No, I was in Hawaii. You know this last vacation of mine. I went to Vegas for what was gonna be a day and a half and then I was gonna spend a week Basking on the beaches of Hawaii Which this is my six-time there we love it which island you did always why cookie I always go to a while I know this great senior. I don't want to see senior. We okay? I go away. I want to have a great time I get to Hawaii And it is pouring down rain. Okay. I left Vegas and took at the Two o'clock on the Saturday afternoon or nine o'clock in the morning. I guess in Vegas I get into Hawaii. It's like five 20 in the afternoon pouring down rain. I get in my red a car. I go to the hotel a high at Regency Red on the Waki Kiki It takes me two hours to go what is a 20 minute drive? Is a binner many times here the traffic is unbearable? I get up the next morning the wind is blowing it's freezing Nasty and of course I've never I've been lucky all my other trot times have been there It's always been paradise perfect blue sky never rains and so I got on a plane at 120 that I have no Went back to Vegas, but Hawaii is just packed. I mean jam packed every hotel is packed Every kind of you talk about beautiful people. I mean the greatest looking people in the world are in Hawaii So what's this happening on the Japanese is 80% Japanese? Well the Japanese are taking it over. It was on what you know Short squat. No, they're not how can you say that there are old bowl egg and women if you know this to them I'm so excited Packing those panisomics in You're all your breeder all Japanese are ugly. Yeah, I've seen some incredible I've never seen Japanese woman. I was turning on by the Japanese guys are raised. What do you like? But they're all skinned out and no Japanese guys have over 42 inch weight, but that's just to hit people then I feel people oh and you know something You're still fighting the one now actually better get with it if you're gonna be sure if they've taken over They're buying up the whole concept. Actually there, but he has been denied registered voters So I can I can so talk to you. He'll lose it. Let me tell you why when I was in Japan when I would go to a board Delo they would charge Americans more because we Exertia more wear and tear on the sexual parts. This is that small Then known for being miniscule. It's no accident Created small train just a radio They think small is best and how about Chinese is not there minutes or two minutes or two minutes or two But show me a manly jewish. Let me just say this to you, okay? Would inspire them all of those physical problems Hispanic caps they still made a billion Chinese, okay? So it goes to show you Then it's the motion not that's right. Okay, like Howard would say I wouldn't say what Howard would say Hey, I would but I can't 140. Let's take a call from Boka. Hello. No. Yes, sir. I ask Alan questions. Sure to hit Since Mr. G is an expert on state, okay chronic sick form water now Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I knew I just to go hi, done hi. I was at your remote meal in Spexon, this came in North Miami Beach by the month of golf. Yes, sir, and I bought one of the tapes and I and you signed you piss your for me And I told you I was gonna double your copy of Jewish comedian you passed away over like 25 years ago And I was wondering if I could just play a pattern that real quick I think you missed the gold. Yeah, but it won't it won't do any good on the phone We'll never be able to hear it on the phone believe me. It won't go over really it's it's Al Sherman My father Why the poory pound the way I am point right? Hello, mother. Yeah, I got all that stuff. I was gonna play a sticks and stuns. I got it. I got it already. Yeah So I shouldn't dubia Well, no, I don't it doesn't be anyway whatever you've got. I don't have all of them But I do have an album with some of this stuff. I have my son the folks finger in my son the night Right out those two no, okay. I'll double play you don't want to hear it now Now, I'll them for me now play him off the tape is over the phone. It's like a total wage. Yeah, I'd like to congratulate you I want to congratulate the region 80,000. I think that's great. Thank you And we got a ton of mail here in Alos to come in through with another 500 for us so Or over 80 on probably over 82,000 as we speak right now. We're doing great. Excellent. I think you'll reach your 100,000 mark no problem. Real soon. Okay. Thanks a lot Thank you 142 at WIO do we have an open line in Broward 5241 in Palm Beach 655 now if you don't succeed in Broward you could always move to Palm Beach Because that's real desperate talk about jury entry talk about deadlin. But that's the wealthy place Right What are talking about wealthy is it? Palm Beach is a sign of this room Palm Beach is just a handful of wealthy be a Kennedy compound and SD louder and a few of those people West Palm Beach forget it all slippers and West Palm Beach and Boko and Tana point and be true But virtual territory Composers of the poor place right and immediately and and let's say if you don't make it in Palm Beach Stenia moves south you go to Halandale now you would be big if only sunny Rosenberg We're still there. I would draft you to run for mayor of Halandale Because the median agent Halandale is Methusel. I mean 800 years past death. It's incredible In fact Halandale is where you know that we have the one guy here who wants MTV on a cable Oh, I saw it and he raised a big stimulus because he works on the Costa River We're on our sister station on the weekend. He started the big to do because he lives in Halandale and he's still alive He's you know in his 20s or whatever he wants MTV They don't want to have it because they don't want it. That's that's right. I think they got the module on channel in Halandale and Halandale Plantation Good afternoon gentlemen. Yes, sir. I do it. Okay. I have a couple of questions to hear about thank you. Yes If you ever gone past the swap shop on the summer and full-vard. Yes Those BSOs out there. What a who paying them? And why are they there And I've got a quizzical look. Hey, what's wrong with the sun that I'm someday the place is mod They have they this is flea market under bird driving and they have BSO pigs who stand out there and Help traffic cross because it's always just I mean traffic backs up and redestions are crossing it's a mob scene Especially on Sunday. I think I've had a weekend is what I do it and I think what he's asking is are they on duty or off duty? Or what does it do you will find that a guarantee when I take over? Was it a look into this? Yeah, I mean rest assured that this will not be nepotism and We're gonna run it like we run a business. I mean anybody can stand out there and point the finger and I'll bet to somebody's been paid High hourly wages based on the way Nick operates. That's probably Nick's family is on the dole You said I didn't hit a whole broadcast But anything you said is if you could have our did not run again you would not run It would depend on who would replace him the real issue for me is a Nick is so stupid and so Pro censorship and so anti pleasure and it's such a busy body about other people's Momality that it's it's it's really an easily drawn confrontation of me representing Individuality of freedom and and him representing the old values of oppression So if he's gone it's not gonna be as clearly drawn unless the other candidates are clones of him And again my main campaign will be let's fight crime in the sheriff's office because that's where all the crime seems to be he's monopolizing He's monopolizing crime everyone everyone's on the take and not everyone It seems to be many people on the take in his office and he has reversals of of of Things he's done he's totally in the app that he's cheating the taxpayer So but for me I do pray he stays in the race so we can have and And it would be a lot to be a media celebrity which you already attained that so you have to spend it in your time Exactly and again He may be trying to return money. I'm or I entered the campaign as a millionaire So I don't have to be for sale because I have my money I will run a clean legitimate sheriff's office something which hasn't been done for years Well, you have my vote. Thanks very much. Thanks One last question as far as you're out the beaches concerned with the a spring break and all that how would you Approach that Well, I don't know what the sheriff can do except to me I would I would I would try to have a conducive atmosphere for people who want to have a good time if somebody Does damage to other people's property? They're a loss on the books. I mean it's just respecting other people's property people having a good time But so somebody's some pretty women running around and string Buccini's or guys dress sexually what's wrong with that? Let's have good times is nothing wrong with it. There's nothing sinful and pleasure I agree I agree completely you are I'm not sure if this is this thing true or the beats is closed at night They're there I'm not sure about that would you would you open up to be to at night? So you know anybody can walk down to be I would look at the pros and cons I don't see any reason to close it. I know the parking meters are like after what is seven o'clock and I There's something like a good carto to away if you're parked on the bed well keep in mind I'm gonna have a lot more law enforcement manpower because I'm gonna be taking my Dept I want to be taking the deputies and the cops or the beat of checking populous clubs and listing Iraq lyrics Yeah, we're in a triple manpower Because I want to have people enforcing laws that make sense which has nothing to do with Public new to these so now to do if if you put a gun in my face you're gonna be busted If if you punch someone in the face you're gonna be busted. They were lawyers on the books for that What about feeding oh? I'm again. I'm an I'm a game speed. I'm also against alcohol drivers I think if you get busted for driving more While in talks of the K-Denution lose you drive as license you do damage that girl I mean I'm I gotta tell you I'm not gonna pussy for the round a lot of issues I want to say what I believe in and the issue is drum drivers are irresponsible They kill people and if you drive well drunk you don't drive anymore Yeah, that's what I mean that's that's where law makes sense But worried about somebody and the top was club showing Peel big hairs. That's nonsense everyone in that club is it isn't adult it shows and to go in there I don't want to have my colleagues to have you behavior care before I mean for laws should be I mean there are laws and I'm not I'm not in favor of Nealism I'm not in favor of anarchy, but let's not waste that time worried about string bikinis Yeah, very good. Thank you very much. Okay Have a good one 148 and W I do a comeback with El Golz to you right now Great we love sound device one of our sponsor anyways I spent almost $1,000 $4,000 to salesman was Mike and my installation is Saturday 35 inch bits of bishy Dressed me I have a real projection extra speak is it's gonna sound great Saturday's the installation They were very good now. You're gonna be watching a bandy woods on it What's Peter North? Yeah, I want to hear oh, I want to hear oh, that's how this is that should be the new The surround sound yeah, that'd be and if we elect a All-malade it exactly okay now you're talking we just got another 10,000 votes North Miami Beach He'd be a daughter to you. I do isn't you and have her pretty friendly pitch Half one owned a hotel down here. Yes, call the playboy plant up right How would you feel about getting involved with kind of the don't club bad bit-night blues crew magazine type of age Resort environment On the beach and my knee beach where everything goes no Norman favorite. I think it makes a lot of sense How can we bring you I'm gonna give you the New York address was a discord that I wanted you might My home address was I'll get in and date it but if you wrote to me out goals seen at 116 West 14 street It's 116 West 14 street New York city 110011 New York city 110011 it would reach me. This is our FAX Okay, for again because I don't have political headquarters and I'd like to I have my home address at this point a little private You have a reach number or reach a dress or even a post office Okay, oh you call my office and get the facts number two one two nine eight nine eight zero zero one That's the office number two and two nine eight nine eight zero zero one Yes, for you the Judas a rob and my secretary's and they'll give you the facts number Could I leave a number for yes? We'll be on the edge of the year Perhaps give me a call after the show. I'm just support for your campaign You better your work. You won't hold on. Excellent. That's on three George you want to take that for RL online three set a number Mobile Hello, hi, do I I'm doing great if the pleasure to talk to both of you I just wanted to ask out I read the book by Gagolese I never right yes, I'm in and Yeah, you are in it and it was very interesting reading about you He mentions that you have a certain fill with your tongue. Yes. I do I was wondering how you How you became thought that he is a practice. I had the calling and I worked at it and One has to make the commitment and I did the Jane fund to work at all the time. Thank you Okay Okay, for a lot of mail Hello, is that the clicking line? Okay, call springs Yeah, hi You're a Lord question of What a great Not really you know when it becomes a business when you do it professionally It doesn't have the excitement because now it represents work for me I have a monthly column in penthouse. I have a monthly column and form also But if you do it for a living. I just thank you for me. It did it's more of a job It's hard to get it's harder to get there my dog fell down. It's harder to get the fantasy going When I was 32 and started screw I was much more a pet of A point of file pet of file. I was a point of file. I really loved it and now I'm like really just an old Jew who wants to have lean Astronomy Well, yeah, we had a woman named honey suck of divine who could shoot your good solution 20 to 30 feet across a room should put candles out hit your knee eye and she would use her vagina And that was really weird and then she would vacuum Using a shorter shame or other time. Yeah, anyway Great show. Thank you. Well share of out who tomorrow will be with us will make an appearance Who will be eating like a hazard at 54 26 know it's university drive the brand new charcoal's just not the commercial Boulevard on the East County University Will be there doing our whole show tomorrow from tentative to come on out We're gonna have some great giveaways on our drawings and we'll have those new outgoats in for sure If t-shirts will be raising money for commels house with our other t-shirts and tapes at all that stuff Stephanie Bromfield got the two o'clock news Rick and spot are gonna be along with the old idiot on the corner And a bunch of real wild amazing stuff to say have to know Hurricane hotline the latest done Adios to Sam Jankovitch and what's gonna have it a U.M. I sure will be a big topic conversation by Joseph Gaki It's 605 and the one they only missed your fun himself. Thank go bring eight o'clock tonight Don't forget to eat a mile at charcoal's 54 26 north university drive and water hill