Hey Neil, how you doing? OK. I heard a room where I want to know if it's true. Yeah. I heard your or a bag. Is that true? What? A bag it? Pansy. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. That's a bag of wood. I don't like that. What is it? First time caller. Limpareth. Got an update. And you're basically. Yeah. I'm going to have to get that card out of the gallery and put it away. No, no, no, no. It's a couple of fingers. Yeah. 29, 30, 31. That's Mr. Andrew Dice Clay, the Yoosnap I had. Oh. Yeah. 29, 30, and 31st, that ballies, Las Vegas. Great. $100 a ticket. Wally right up to the tables. Think it's worth it. You bet. Are you going to go? No. Ah. So. Ashford and Simpson all back. Nick Ashford. And Marj Simpson. You're not in it's understuff. The break of we have. I left up once I'm inside. Singing sensation meets animation. Two salad entertainers. Salad and the raw. Performing salad R&B hits. And no, Andrew, Huyler. And no, it's crazy. But I won't run away. I should've been in Simpson. Marj Simpson. Singing all your favorites. You're here. Yo, daddy is home. It's just my animation. And of course, you don't have to be a pop. You don't have to be a pop. And baby. To be a nice show. Ashford and Simpson. Marj Simpson. I'll be able now on Mocha and Records and Dice. On. Believeable. A mobile and Pembroke finds. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm a first time call or an action of first time listening or two. No, I'm your show quite amusing. Well, that's great. Why are you from, sir? I'm in action. The reason I called because I'm in the pool. So everything business. Yeah. Morning. We took her a pool for Canadian. The lady tried to slip us. In the pool? No. She said we weren't. Didn't come to the pool the last two months. Yeah. And so my friend told me, you know, if you can't speak the language, you know, like this get out of the country. Well, let me suggest this to you. Are you going to continue servicing her pool? We're still thinking about it. If you're going to pay up, we'll probably just drop. I know a guy has got this real good supply. So if you're a cancels. Yeah. Right straight in her ass out real quick. You know what I'm saying? Oh, one line of saying. Yeah. I was in his bar about the three. I got my brother and I was in this game up to us. What way? What came up to you? This guy named Gilbert. Yo, yeah. I know I didn't know about you. So he claimed that he knew you. Never heard of him. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a great life, pal. Yeah, fine. Okay. What are some big hockey games going on in Quebec and Montreal this weekend? If I were any of those people in Hell and Dale or Dame your Holly, would I get in my old 1953 cupless and I'd crank up with some real cheap, little gas. Get out of the highway to hell and get out of here. I'm just saying Danny Gallivan's coming back for this weekend. Only times run out. I'll be reshared and John Bellable. Be at the forum. Look out. John Plant, Jake the snake. You've been home YA. Doug Harvey too. Wow. And if you get back before Sunday, we'll even give you a date with Patrick. Wow. I tell you one thing. They frogs that come down here are old enough to be Patrick was great great grandparents. They are old. They are ugly. They're cheap. They're slow. They're disgusting. All they do is come down here in a wintertime to piss us off. That's the only reason they come here. They just go out. They drive around in circles. Which is kind of surprising because they're wasted a lot of gas. It's pretty expensive now. I still like that kind of quick you turn on the turnpike tool that exit. When I get down here, I want to kind of make like a quick youy. Either that or let's have a suds callman give him a compass in directions and how to get to my amy. That's an excellent idea. Point that arrow do north. Okay. To Frog City. You've got his record. You've seen his film. You've even purchased the day-glow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. You know what, David? This is Elvis. Now all you can do right now. Make me a big peanut butter and never so much. A peanut butter and a never so much. No, we're gonna give me a two with the name. Well, here Elvis in his most intimate moments. All these are not music. That was the Elvis. Once you bring the Elvis, come on, I'll ask you. Come on, Elvis. That's great. Let me just say double cheese. Yeah, I'm home. Come on, home. And I'm home, man. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life. All you bad want you back to my life, David. I'll learn all your way back. Is you pick up some doughnuts, please. Make jelly, clean doughnuts. Crullest cheese, day to day. All of my baby honey, baby doughnuts. Well, I'll do my candy. The Elvis tapes. I give a give a give a give a more doughnut. A fan of a mouth, he runs towards everywhere. I'll eat, I'll eat, live a month alone to tell you the truth. We're in every one. Wow, 1107. At 610, Wio tea. You're happening station. You're doing it. It's animation week on top theater. Tonight at 9, Elmer Buds, Stars in. The graduate. This is Robinson. I think you're trying to seduce me. Tomorrow night at 7, Popeye gives an olive winning performance in the powerful drama Network. I'm Natty's Health, and I ain't going to taste it no more. I'm at 930. Yogi Bear is Crocodile Dundee. Mr. Criminals serve. That's not a knife. Now that's a knife. Hi. Saturday, Snuggle Put Stars in John Ford's classic western stage coach. The stage left already. Kevin's Diabeline. Two Stone even. So, two near. For another week of Cartoon Cinema classics on Dumb Theater. Okay, whatever you say, 1116. At Wio, Debwack, on all kinds of sheet of paper and front of me here. Just loaded. By the way, these cigars are pretty mild. You don't expect it's some kind of like poison gas inside. Thank you, Alan. The cigars are great. And a Chuck Mark comes in early. He can have two. And Rick and Sats can have all a one. Because they are kicking butt in spite of all these temperate remarks by some of these self-proclaimed radial mavens. Who will anybody that follows Neil? Okay, you're a good guy Tom, but I think you're allowing your emotions to cloud your judgment. Anyway, it's 20 after 11. Let's take a call. Lay off a Rick Weaver. What is this? Hey, Neil. Yeah. I've been listening to sports call, and it seems like a lot of colors are calling and Rick and Rippon. Weaver. Rippon Rick. And I think you're to blame because I recognize a lot of voices. Yo, I'm Debwack. I'm to blame for everything. Sir, in fact, maybe if I loaned Rick some glasses, my glasses, he could see the game. It's not. Oh, excuse me. I'm sorry, Henry. It's not Henry's bitter because Rick kicked him out of the games and he's really upset. See, you're trying to change the subject. Oh, I'm not. I'm talking about the subject. You, you rip. And then when the article came out of the hailed, you didn't want to say nothing because you knew you were. You were right. I have laid on. I'm wrong about what. Rick is a good guy. Rick, I have always set up until the season for years that he was the best in the business, the best in the NFL ever. I've always said that. I was met it. This year he's gone through some problems. And what about sending in the bars of co-sopen all that? You remember all that? You said, yeah, we used to have some fun with him. Sir, like we always do, we'll continue to do. Okay, because he's a fun guy and everybody's at that. You're trying to weave your way into the boot. That's all. Yeah, right. We saw my way into the boot. There's about as much chance of that happening as the dolphins are getting shut out by the Tampa Bay Buffeting. Okay, so you're having a great life. If you're a trouble maker, you know John Provocator. You feel the pressure start to grow in. You feel pressure to get me worse. You feel your bladder overflow in. You feel a bit of a factor first. Right on the wind and so on. Just take a damn off. There's a bathroom on the right. Don't go on the floor. Just move on down onto doors. There's a bit of room on the right. You're trying to tip the key to the key. You're chasing the tower shots of the jitters. You feel your head become real. You see the room begin to spin. I don't offer my shoes. If lunch is gone on loose, there's a bathroom on the right. Don't go on my own. Time to post a little bus. There's a bathroom on the right. There's a bathroom on the right. Fire to God damn ability. I take outside and make some tea. 26 past 11. At WIOD, your amazing station where we don't know whether the scream reached 45 bananas or stuff in Marvin's pants. Miami. Oh, when is this? Good morning. I think you should be very happy as a co-span that the straw man is out now, Lake. They said the straw man's drinking again. So what do you think? That's the rumor. I think that you don't want to call Lake Tau. That's what I say. And Joe is really getting very emotional on sports talk. Easy. What's about time? And what are the things? You're holding it in for so many years, maybe he'll let it all out. The other thing is that I was talking to Hank the other day. That's what Cheryl Vsit. And he said that you're going to lay the points spread on the overundough of how many names Hank will drop during the course of his show. Already starting at 63 and that's for the first week. Well, he said to take the over. So you're going to carry the bets away. Yeah. 43 for the first week. And we're about to say, hello. In fact, actually, what we're going to have like a new year's, Alex Bennett's going to come back. We're going to have a name drop off. Oh, okay. Camilla sounds. Can you drop a name? Um, Kelly Shepherd. Uh, it's not very good. I thought it was ex. How about civil shepherd? That's better. Okay. Have a great day. Alexandria, Virginia. Yeah. Alexandria home of Larry King. Oh, my God. What a guy. Doctor, I went to the convenience store last night to pick up some beer. And this was set up Neil. And guess what? I don't find it with a little rickety kicky cap. He walked up to me and you know what he said? He said, oh, no. Let me sit down. I know what he said. Hi, this is Larry King. And they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Oh, they don't. It's a matter of fact. Yeah. I just want to do something. I just wanted to come listen to your show. Are you really in Alexandria, Virginia? What are you doing there? Watching the least turn. Watching the least turn? Yeah. Yeah. Watch the least turn purple in the game. Saturday night from April leaf gardens. Boy, they really are. No. They're setting like a new low in history. They may get through the whole season with like 10 points. Well, yeah. I'm the couple with the capitals. The Washington. Yeah. Never heard of him having. Never heard of the Washington caps. Never have. Never will again either. Yeah, I just want something about that team though. I just, I don't. I never got into that team. There's something a bizarre about that team. Just they don't seem like they should be playing hockey. No, well soccer, maybe. Yeah, there you go. Soccer. Yeah. Well, congratulations on the numbers. I want to hold on a minute. Is that what you want soon? I already hold on for me. Now I got to go. I just want to hear your voice. You know, I get, I get, uh, withdrawals and, you know. Okay. Well, I'm glad we could help you out. All right. Have a great day, sir. You too. 1132 real douchebag there from Alex and River, Genio as no life whatsoever. Boy, they're really freezing their asses off up north now. Aren't they? This is the time of the year when we really take great comfort knowing that all these other people are uncomfortable and freezing. You see that buffalo game yesterday, the tapes? Oh, man. Woo. When was swirling in the snow and the sleet and the rain and the cold and the schmutz and, oh, man. So next time you tell us how wonderful it was in cheek to wager. Just keep that in mind, okay? Boy, we've got a lot of stuff here. We've got a piggy portion for Lauderdale? Yeah, Nio. Yes, sir. He used to the sawgrass in 595. He got a B.M.E. 12 at H.K. Man, they're in a frenzy on 595. They're like holding you convention out there all the time. You're like flies on crap today, I guess. Sir, they sure are. So anytime you see flashing headlights coming your way. I've got to go ahead. Your self-according. Crap is the operative word, I think. Uh, by the way, I was my exterminator too. What a great guy. Does he do a job or what? He doesn't great job. He leaves no stone unturned and no a bug crawling. That's right. Kind of bugs, mate. That's a great day, sir. Thank you. Arquets up 29 points in rising. Let's go to Miami. Hello. And coming to the post now. You're off. Elm the middle of the jack. They'd sick. They'd re-adapted to relate to the Angie's baby, sir. As they cross the quarter in 21 and three to sick. We're pulling off two of them. We're going to get a blame for the damage. Second inch is third. You might not blow it. And as they come around. Have a hearing when they come to get eight for the spare. There. Okay. 1139. Twenty-one. Well, he's getting a little bit better. We almost got us a half a mile there out of that one. Like some of my horses of calder. Palm Beach Gardens. Oh, hey, Neil. Yeah. How was that? That was not bad. I give it about a six and a half on the Richter scale. Listen, I want you to the melting pot this weekend. Great. I love it. First time. And I had the combination dinner in the Pinot oil. Just excellent. And I didn't think I was going to get full, but I did get full. Why not? Himala doesn't look like they give you all that much food, but as you keep sitting here dunking in the dipping and chewing. I know. I know. And the batter expands in your stomach. Exactly. By the time I got out of there, I couldn't even move. You know, my batter expands in your stomach. That's what they used to say at the cup game. My wife had to take me out with a crane. You know, I couldn't really get out of there. Anyway, I used to live up in the market. His up 33 points. What dial is going on today? Boy, they must be checking out the WID ratings and the markets going crazy. I think so. I hear Rick and Susie. The sisters must be buying up stock like crazy today. Absolutely. Listen, I used to live in the walkie with pants. Well, this is a problem. I know. Do you remember any radio stations like WZU? No. I sure don't. I remember WM. What was that station? AM station in Milwaukee, WM. RKR. TMJ. TMJ with Jonathan Green. Hmm. I've never been in Milwaukee, so really, you know, for me to talk about a stand major once worth their effect. I have the tape still where he quit on the air. Yeah, I heard that. He asked for the raise. Right. He has to stay in boy. He's always in a right place at the right spot. Publicly speaking. Yes, sir. Anyway, I got fired two and a half months ago. Yeah. I've been fighting my unemployment. By the way, I have a neighborhood lost his job. It works for the BSO, who has an 84 vet with only 50,000 miles on a once 10 grand cash for a beautiful 84 vet, which some day could be worth. About a money. 9 grand. About some bucks, I guess. And I finally won my unemployment case. And it came in the mail Saturday after two and a half months of Hagling. And everything was in my favor. Now I can stay home listening to you. Isn't this incredible? Good paper. Things are turning so good now that it's almost frightening. And get paid for it. You know, that's the whole thing, so. Well, I get paid for it too, and that is amazing. Right. I think it's really criminal. Go to the Melking Piotr, Palm Beach Gardens on a weekend. And dip it in the thing on a weekend. Well, what else could you want? Life is really sweet, isn't it? In the sunshine state. Now that we have a new governor, we got a $25 million lottery jackpot this weekend. Some of us might actually plunge a couple of bucks in there. Oh, yeah. I'm getting good at that. I'm getting good at that. You are. Maybe you could be professional. More on it. Okay. Well, I'd like to call my employer who fired me a douchebag. Okay. His name is Herb Bell. And keep listening to WI. D. Okay. See you. It's the D. The Vada Vidi and my sony, not as old as dead, but she sure is pretty old. I tell you, it's quite a pity. Lifting on alone, not so so so so so cute. She got like, did it's a true setup. Walk him by the door and her brand new get up. She trips, she falls, she tries to call. I fall and I can't get up. I fall and I can't get up. What if that's a dentist calling steam song? Lifting 52 a WI of D. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. absolutely destroying he was a twisting and turning and ripping and hysterical get him out of there get stratford in there get him out get him out and then at the end it was like either somebody told him the he needed a changes tuner he had a change of heart he went into this whole me prime minister this big apology to Tony Martin and really oh yeah how easy young guy and how he should you know he's a tough bottom that's a copy cut well that's the rumor rick so anyway yeah and he wants to live up to his reputation he's a sirly guy and he just didn't want to let you guys down i couldn't believe this guy so anyway there were somebody else he was ripping to oh uh somebody uh mr. tackler something i would just really a bad plan he just went nuts he's oh god you to thought that we were like one and eight instead of eight and one he just went crazy oh i couldn't believe it any's blessing the other team he's blessed and our team he's blessed copy cut he's blessed and everybody so it don't ever go to see bring i've been through there stay away from that i go through there like a bad out of hell i just floored i put out automatic pilot by 120 i wish i could have done the same thing listen my wife says tell you that the women are listening i i've converted her to listening to you and and i told her i said there was one thing she wanted to hear what's the thing that the case he case and take off the bucket i'm talking about i request the request okay if one more person wants to hear or play it okay gotta be one more though all right well i'm waiting i gotta go pick up my dog from the kennel she's with paying the house here she's going nuts she has she wants to hear it tell her get a life okay see i'm but eleven fifty four wio do we have an open line and date nobody got the hurricane tickets yet we've been on for two hours we have that parrot tickets at a parking pass hurricane bc so duck thudies not on the team okay they don't have any midgets plan this year for bc i'm sorry and so what if the points brittle be 120 uh that's not the point or is it anyway what the hell do they want to hear well i'll get it ready just in case i mean you can never play that thing too often it's hot and it is on the uh commilis house tape by the way the best in the ovalium three it does happen to be on there i have no light you can't flush this you can't flush this you can't flush this oh my my my my lunch hit me so hard it makes me say oh my lord thank you oh bless you me with the ones and get the wet and build you good we send down doing your boo get down and brown butt i didn't know what's up there's a lot of shortage so you can't flush i told you home boy you can't flush this she doesn't have that silly dog's thing you can't flush this look at my eyes man the red and white we can't flush this yo let me flush a funky word for you right now you can't flush this three yeah oh get your idea see he's under about the party he thinks it's you he's pulling that handle last like a clown is your keys and Rolex watch go down this slowly and such what can you do not very much what makes your man is that nice he goes in his skin he's gonna like a fright let him know that he knows that a kid he's head would be flushed you know i told you home boy get touched this you would again and i'll say it to the exit he tried to flush this get out of my way man you drink a lot you out of rhythm you got this rest in the room it's been in and now you know you dropped the floor some plus and so you throw up and such you'll eat the seat up in your inner real guts because you're lady past the go she's it's right down and about she's getting so wet your smirk she's wedged in tight now she's stuck that's word because you know you can't flush this man i think you're in deep can't flush this come on man let's flush it down can't flush this walk it's up 38 points on bolemil it's couple seven is every while do we have an open line on the star line star i od somebody cramped out on that speaking of whatever we were doing there star i od well what a day huh you think Rick Riley's gonna go nuts this afternoon they're talking about celebrate they're gonna have like a gigantic banana split and somebody's pants today i guarantee that with a big mirror she know cherry on top of 40 pounds of whipped cream in there guaranteed big celebratory banana split now that probably come up with something like that and George will have to be on a board again until six o'clock i think it's gonna happen it may not be scheduled but i guarantee if i was them i'd send marvin out today just waving a flag and going nuts and screaming hey we're doing it we're doing it but load 12 17 and w i o d here's a mobile on the turnpike hi alaria okay you know i had a radio accident here i want to turnpike just north of open part highway open part highway uh that's in sport medical center went out all the old people from avondale it's now a highway is it really you need it uh uh in any case i was listening to you as i usually do and paying the tolls that are over inflated on the turnpike and i've passed the radio station w r b d 14 70 on your dial yeah rockin big daddy that's the one yeah and it'd be completely drawn you out on my radio yeah for about a block what it was great that i turned back to the station 14 70 just to see calfar these guys go yeah it didn't make it the Florida medical center one block down that's why they don't show up in a ratings that's all you have to see yeah yeah there's a lot of those days because you've heard of drive-thru's at fast food joints these are drive-by's you have to drive by the tower in order to hear them i don't want to mention any other ones that do by the way in spite of what some hosts have said erroneously i'm sure wasn't alive it just must be a lack of technical knowledge all directional stations AM stations change pattern at sundown sundown of course changes each month depending upon the time of year and as any idiot knows November December January for a break into this time of the other days are shorter and the sundown is earlier right like this month it's about 515 something like that and as a result uh those stations that are a little more powerful the daytime sometimes much more powerful might come sundown uh what there they go and all this so hum and puking and crapping depending on where your listening starts coming in so anybody that nice at is either an o-john provacatur just a liar a mobile pig report any high-endor why they're sure out there today yes sir yeah if you travel westbound on 836 right after you go into the palm matter to pick sir hiding on the eastbound side but the eastbound side is higher up you know it's like 30 feet higher than the westbound right so you can't see them unless you're going eastbound so if you're going westbound you gotta be cool the pigs are hiding folks pigs are hiding today yeah yeah I heard Steve last week and he was convention about reconcers and at all they do is they put shaving cream in guys pants or whipped cream and all that stuff and he says you know some people have a mind and they like to have it stimulated so I I called him up and I asked him I said well let's assume for a minute that what you say is true where do you come in because if if let's assume half your audience wants to mind stimulated you're wasting all that electricity to stimulate I'll tell you one thing to show you how desperate he is after I give those numbers out where they had that great a trend this morning rumor has it that he was over at Eckridge buying up all the gelatin foaming he could get he may walk in with some heavy duty with a real load this afternoon I'll tell you that and look at that he's pond is listening you'll have a good one okay have a great life thank you 20 past noon yeah it's easy to sit back oh yeah anybody could do this all I can tell you flat out laying it right out of your line markets up 41 points look at this wow is that when Alex Bennett was here we went through some of the most traumatic some of the most depressing some of the most psychotic times this place was in the toilet even the tidy bullman wouldn't speak to us that's how bad it was we were down there and we couldn't get a map to get out point in beach I knew hi how you doing I'm doing fine and I you're understand you're doing fine you've been so great the last few months have I I have been screaming with laughter well I'm screaming over here I'll tell you that we're all screaming talking about friends Canadians must we're the friends Canadians bought our community and they're moving here like crazy oh gee I know it's amazing all those great hockey games tell them we don't have a team here yet I know it I wish they would turn around but anyway I will just wanted to tell you I went to the soccer ass knows Saturdays time I thought it was great I think it's fabulous I think it's exciting it's beautiful and even if you don't buy anything just a great place to go and hang out walk around and the food court is great and they got a couple neat restaurants in there and just you can walk for miles and they're opening that end that is the has a sports assort right sport court right it's really great we went to offer down a big old place before they listen they were mentioning that on the on the game the other day somebody was talking about about his cinnamon raising bagels now wouldn't you think John offered all would set a bunch of those over here we know it they said Tony Sagrado said last night on his show that offered up right bags and bags of pumpkin chocolate chip bagels up with them to a new jersey yeah and I know people were it they were great people were lined up every minute we were there there were a bunch of those bagels that's what they said they said you have to stand online forever form I know this works you know going to the Sagrado's mall is like going to Disney World there's a line everywhere although it's not that bad now as it wasn't the beginning but we know we weren't really we weren't at 10 o'clock yeah and wasn't too bad then but the guy one of the guys in the food court told me that they had they're sitting on the floor eating because it does get pretty crowded we were lucky to find a place to sit yesterday yeah it's great so you know you just go with the flow all these people let's say oh no big deal I mean what do they want it's not in you know most of the other malls have basically the same kind of stores and the same stuff this is just a different thing and that's what these people are got to understand it's different and you know every place we went and we talked to different people I was just kind of scoping the place outside and by too much but everybody who works there was great we went into a sports area right where that pool was that you were talking yeah isn't it a neat area so all of a sudden you think you're outside and the temperature changes and there's the water and you just want to kind of jump right in I know and those allegators your eyes are moving yeah really great I was fascinated I saw some of the people are eyes were actually moving too yeah pretty yeah anything you want to see you'll find it in that place I'll tell you that seems like very turn you make your you're in a different different world yeah exactly that's where I felt and I just wanted to see one more thing my daughter has a health anomaly and it's called Gilbert syndrome really I know it was so hilarious it isn't life threatening or anything but when she told me that I couldn't believe it yeah yeah stick around the desert you know the rest have a great day you too and keep going okay we're going thank you so bye 1229 at WIOD we have an open line in Palm Beach 655 9463 is matter of fact I can't wait to take an afternoon to go back out to the sewer grass so what I could just spend some time and peruse and I have to rush out of this I go up to Pomp and I'll blend my guts out and lose my harder and money okay here's a mobile in Miami okay Henry Henry Barrow calling it on this way home on his little mental after we told him he couldn't come to the radar game he wanted that band he just makes me smile when I listen to your show it makes me feel like a child new Rogers on the radio new Rogers on the radio new Rogers on my radio 1253 excuse me 1253 at WIOD truck buyer so upset that you haven't picked up these hurricane tickets yet for the commilis house he said that he's going to do the one o'clock news lying down stark naked in the middle of the 79 street causeway if you don't get your ass out here let me tell you something pal the only thing bigger than the one the two hour is Steve Cain's ego oh sitting at home watching whitewater day oh talking about how bombs are stealing 95 guard rail when southern lead with the bulletin to dish up onto the screen came his partner and bishop he said this just end to eyewitness news it's covering the martina then the two lives we'll have more distales coming up at 5 30 people don't have the stores because they so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time I've had heard the album and he was a Paul he said thank you Janet Reno I'm glad that you're called we got to take us fan I guess this dirty rhyme besides it's really close to election time his broward judge friend said I will not fail y'all will censor any mention of Jenna tailed y'all they're selling six to kids going through puberty the two live crew yeah they so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse he kept rap a butt to show he had guts the most of the people said this guy is a pus he rid the land of that noise pollution even though it went against the constitution and what did lose you turn all of this job so 10,000 more copies at 1295 people on a brand-new Mercedes it's really hurtty driving it to the bank because he's so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time one o'8 and good old wiod where we are just kicking butt something fierce and it hurts there's an old blind and date at 7519463 yes sir here comes this gentleman he's got a baseball sign by Andre Dawson a hawk in an original case this is gonna be great if we ever figure out just exactly where we're gonna do it this week okay well what we ought to do is have a place where we can have people from 10 to 2 and then I'll go over there from 2 to 6 and all during our show and Rick and Puts we can do this stuff now I won't say a word okay I'll keep my mouth shut as only I can do here's a gentleman with a ball in the plastic case I autographed by the hawk incredible everyone is round everyone is round all the guys are gay all the guys are gay most of the food and the stuff food and the all the rest are weeks all the rest are days earth breaks shake the ground the mud slides every day mud slides every day California sliding up on your sliding into San Francisco Bay where last to the beach then when they're getting laid where nothing but a snake but a snake while on their feet while on their feet they put more oil on their butt while on their butt then in a cell project in the Chevrolet California sliding aside into San Francisco Bay where fire or Sunday oh candid cuban coffee The greatest 14 we'd take the ball from gold and gold like no one's ever seen We're in the air we're on the ground we're always in control And when you say Miami you're talking super focused with a Miami-Docard Miami-Docard, Miami-Docard, Miami-Docard, Miami-Docard, Miami-Docard, Miami-Docard Miami-Docard, Miami-Docard, Miami-Docard, Miami-Docard, Miami-Docard, My Emmy has a dog funs, the greatest football team. We take the ball from golden gold like no one has ever seen. We're in the air, we're on the ground, we're always in control. And when you say my Emmy, you talk to super cool because we're the... My Emmy dog, my Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, number one. Yes, we're the My Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs. Yeah, theatti, Miami dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, I'm a little worried about the future. My Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs. Yes, we're the My Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, my Emmy dog funs, So that's a girl I talked to we invented of course. She's in charge of the entire radio station and she said no problem. We'll get it all set up. We'll get all the sizes and the t-shirts too. And here's a little card isn't that something? Sometimes. Oh, this is before the looking for the senior. What kind of male delivery is this? Oh, she had no zip code. That's why Turquoise, she mailed it on November 6th, so she was 6 days after it. Oh, we have to break the riser, Mr. Postman. We don't raise the rates, Mr. Postman. Oh, don't raise the Postman. Oh, raise the rates today. We have to settle this to my shoes, pay. Mr. Postman, what's my bag? 80's, I will we, eh. We'll have got this, we'll have your time. There must be a bad way. Then always asking us to pay. Don't raise the rates, because if you do, I've got a pitfall. You'll let you will do. You always keep me waiting, Mr. Postman. Oh, it's all conflict and rage. I'll sell my hands. Okay, well, later. But when it got that she won't already dance, please Mr. Postman. Oh, man, I'm so whole here. I get a body that we can't squeeze. Mr. Postman, I'll buy this. It may be another way. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, bad, just a bit. We're paying more, you do it less. Soon you'll cost more than federal history. You raise the rates, but service ain't faster. I'll tell you where you can stick your lead. Tires, rates, rates, rates. Rets, rates, rates, rates. The rising rates are rising. Rets, the rising rates are rising. The mits are eased with Super Wave. Rets are rising, Ms. Man. The service ain't better. So go shop this flat. Tires, rates are rising. Rets are rising, rates are rising. Rets are rising, rates are rising. Rets are rising, please. 140 of WIVW, an open line in Palm Beach, for what it's worth, which ain't much 655 WIOD, Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, can you tell the DJ to play a Bickey card, must be him, thank you. Okay, we'll get that right on for you. 142 at WIOD, a call from Orlando? Yeah. Orlando? Yep. How you doing, Tony? And this is the boat here, what happened with FTO? FTO? Yeah, Steve's on or something. Yeah, Steve's on from two to six in the afternoon. You can pick it up on your pop-up toaster. That's it. That's it. They're playing big bands the rest of the day. Tommy Dorsey, Glenn Miller. Uh-huh. It's their audience. Bickey card, it must be him. Johnny mattress and it must be it. What do you think about Madden and Summer? He liked him. Great. I think. Summer Roll is outstanding. He's great. John Madden is hysterical. Knowledgeable. The funny is, I'll get out that they're good. They're at the best. Walsers are no fart. He's just, oh, he's got a personality like a dead frog in heat. Man, he is just terminal. That was a good game yesterday. It was, I mean, the first half was sloppy, but then it was a verdict was in doubt. You know, there were a lot of exciting plays. He doesn't know the elbow from his ass. Exactly. In fact, if you notice, you never saw Zelbo the whole game, so maybe he was sitting on it. I'll see. Okay. That was from Orlando. Are you serial or was that just, it would collect? Huh. Well, he shouldn't have anything exciting to say like, I'm up here in Orlando, and it's the Mickey Mouse world, and everything, nothing, just like a regular call. What a guy. Okay. We got five calls left on air six now. I think that my curious through the rest of the show. We could play that new Nelson record after the rain, the title cut, which is their new single, but we're not going to do it. They're going to be here to offer get the end of December. On your real horny people out there. Thank God, I'm not ready to see him. They're going to be here to sever, okay, 30th and the 31st New Year's Eve. And we're going to try desperately to get them here into the studio, and maybe never let him out. Maybe we can auction them off for Camilla's house. Boy, I know who's going to make the first bit on that. Miami. Where's my checkbook? Hey, Neil. Yeah. Hey, how about another Larry King's fire report? You ready for this one? I don't know if I'm ready or not, you know, Larry. I called him up first, Deborah, and I was talking to him and he goes, yeah, I loved Miami in a high-oist. Yeah. And then I hit him with a line and said, if I wish you what I said in Neil Rogers, and he didn't, he did. Thank you, lovely reading. Yeah. He hung up and then I had to turn the radio on real quick. Yeah. And he was saying, Neil Rogers, I haven't heard about that, okay? Since he was doing baseball. Yeah, long he frisited us. Unbelievable. That's usually one of his lines. Either that I want to be a harness race driver. I was doing baseball at UM Baseball. Oh, he likes to pretend that I'm some little underlying somewhere that's making about a bucket of half an hour and doesn't can't have two nickels to rub together. I'm just jealous of him and his big shnazness, his suspenders, and the sloped shoulders. But that's an ugly thing. Quite frankly, you know, hey, let me handle my subject. Hey, you know that commercial, you have for Jiffy Lou. Did you have to go to Jiffy Lou to get a Jiffy Lou? Have a nice day, pal. 145, a WID, no wonder Larry gave him a rough time. I don't plan on such a jackass. Where should we take our next one from? How about a mobile in Boka on the starline? That's me, what happened to Neil? We're here. All right. We're ready for it. You guys are doing great in the range. Congratulations. Has not come as a major shock? No, not all. First of all, we knew what we knew. We were a kick in it and tell by all the black and blue marks. You guys in the written school? Look at that. Such as eating subway today. I can't believe it. He's in there eating subway before he goes on the air. I cannot believe it. What is it? It's a sub, of course. But what kind? What kind is it? What kind is it? They can chew. Oh, tuna. Oh. Okay, go ahead. I feel better now. All right, good. I just want to talk to you. I mean, lunch with Tommy Denimberg today. See, I'm going out to a little soup and salad place today. I just want to bitch about the police again. Yeah. There's up there on four low notes. They give me a ticket at 123. Yeah. Yeah, when I'm sure there was a lot of traffic around. Exactly. Endangering everyone's life. It was worse than that. I was parked at confetti's. In their park, in mirrors. They have a two-foot limit on the meters. Who stays in club for two hours on a Saturday night? Exactly. I mean, the strip shopping centers, no merchant, there's no nothing. You can't put $5 in the machine because they're not going to turn to damn knob. Yeah. I'm going to just bunch of complete morons. I like to call the meter made a dish bag, but they don't even put their names on the ticket anymore. Well, that's misdisch-bagged to you, sir. So I just want to get that off my chest and you guys are kicking ass and keeping it off. Have a great life, pal. Yes, sir. It's in a long time. Oh, he is still a little's biggest asshole. Oh, top deliverer, top number. Great reading. Great. Bigger. You bigger. OK. 147. 13 till 2 on your incredible station, 610. How's the tuna? tuna sub? Oh, she's a goi-ish, I think. Yeah. Yes. Come see, sit. Come, you pie your feet. From the producers of Rescue 911 comes on all new emergency drama. We're back to difference. Yes. Help me. I've been shot. Help me. I've been shot. The show were victims of mindless violence, complete for valuable cash prizes. Where have you been shot? I in the bottex. That doesn't sound very interesting, sir. Well, there's a lot of blood. Oh, good. Don't touch anything. OK. Remember, these are not reenactments. These are actual people who've been shot by actual guns, and you'll see it live on tape. On help me, I've been shot. You guys better hurry. I'm fading fast. Don't worry, sir. The camera crew is on its way. Does this mean I win the $10,000? We'll let our studio audience be the judge of that, sir. Help me, I've been shot. The audience participation show were up all the day in the botte and need money in the bank. Sunday night on pop. Pop, no. Is now? Yes, sir. No, it's super good. Oh. Here's a mobile jet span. Yeah. Yeah. You guys did it to me, guys. Yeah. I was drinking, taking you and saying my head's off to you. I went to the game. Let me tell you something outside the stadium. It was freezing. Yeah. The wind was blowing. It was unbelievable. It wasn't credible. It was down in the end zone. I was right down in the corner end zone. I seen where the, you know, that the scuded play was. But what are you going to do? Yeah, it didn't make any difference. You know, Bill Walskip ripping quarterbacks for bad passes. But the fact is that with that wind blown, it's a miracle. Anybody completed anything. I went was just going nuts. It was unbelievable. If I didn't think it would be that cold. But it was like it was like a buffalo. But you know, probably not as cold up there. Did you didn't you see the tapes from the buffalo game? I see it in that team. Oh, I see. I believe whatever it was that East Rothbard was nothing compared to buffalo. I was so and sweet and just wind would look like winds are Ontario on a bad day. Now I'm from U to Pothanoia that weather. There you go. Same difference. But you guys beat us twice this year. And once the ghost of Joe Walton and Lou Holtz kind of disappear, fade into woodwork, you guys will make a comeback. Well, I'll raise you next year. Okay. Okay, buddy.