We don't work together. There's no reason we need to be friends. So he came in here. Apparently was not feeling well. He sat down. He said, I have nothing to say. Nothing to do. I'm going to open the phone lines. Give everybody a minute. I'm not going to say anything. And I ripped him for a half hour. You know, it would be great, which I know we don't have in the building. All we might It's a radio station. Post to it. You know those halls meant to look this. Yes. Why? Why don't I have a to meet some of those people? Do you have something? I will go and search. Do they have to be halls meant to know? But it can't be something with sugar in it like life's like a lot of things. Yeah. Just for you. Well, that would be great. Then I could make it until 2 o'clock. And then you guys could do 2 to 6. Oh, excuse me. Okay, 1047. Something's going on. I knew. See he's gone. Now you can get it. What? No, Puts. Sit down. No, I'm fine. I'm this is warm. So what happened Thursday? He was in a bad mood. He was at a pretty bad mood. Yeah. I don't know about what. Why don't you know what I said? When I was going out the door out the main door here, we kind of came face to face. He did an about face and went into the next office and stood until I left with you. Oh, man. Oh, does he want to kick your teeth into? Certainly. Hope so. Why? Trying to have a sore foot by the time he gets to. So he was like, I don't know. What the deal was? Everybody Jim Robinson of you met Jim. He's a new guy who books guests on Alex's show and one thing and other. He was upset and even the ones upset and I never saw him. I got a new guy that books his guests. Well, what's he going to do now? I don't know where he come from. I don't know. Nice guy. Yeah, but out of work. Right? Come on. Say something. Could possibly be. I don't know. I'm trying to put words in your teeth back in your mouth. Okay. That he's going to kick down your throat. But you have a lot of seats. I just noticed for the first time you have a big teeth. Yes. Symmetrical. Good teeth. If you ever put them together would say something. Okay. It's 12 minutes till 11 is the mystery continues at Wild. The world's best pizza. The world's best at Italian goodies at pizza loft. I understand through the great fine. I just continued his excellent work while you guys were here. Definitely did that. Skinny faces. I was going to say fat faces but neither one of his fat. All of you keep it up. You will be. And you're just going to love the pizza. I'd man. It doesn't get any better. Everything is made first by one. It doesn't look good. How bad? Well, what have you seen? Is it my number still? Over all. From a four one. Let me get the actual one. Well, no, is it down from a four one? Yeah. How much? Do we need like so much? How much lower can it get? How could it go down to a three something? Two? I don't remember. Well, go get it. Don't stand it. Here there goes with his rumors again. It's sticking fat rates. Boy, I told you the book is going to be bad. Wow. Oh, boy. So when you guys start. Anyway, 1052 and Wild, D Miami. Well, Neil. Yes, sir. This is Roberto Clemente. How you know? How you know, Roberto? I want you to do your heart a favorite in which to the pirates. Yeah, good luck to you. Neil. They look pretty good though this weekend. I got to be honest with you. I am calling here from Kendall. I have congratulations for Alex Benett. He's going to be our new assistant manager in charge of French fries. Good. Well, he's looking for something. You know, what a job. We have a little paper hat and a little triangle hat. We'd like to ship to our men. But that on that little ball. Your cruel guy, Roberto, you know, he's going to be a good guy. Okay. That plane crash must have done it too. I have been following the W I O D saw to greatly. Yeah. And the parents that W I O D had hired somebody who apparently has a tremendous complex, a very insecure person. Who I thought honestly was about to lose it over the air. Really? He was that man. You know, the thing that I find amazing is all me that keep making generalizations. But nobody will tell me what the man did in this chair. Although I notice there's little marks and spots. But I'm not sure what they're from. You know, well, if far speaking spots go, I noticed that spots that's must have never heard him talk. I saw. Yeah. He's a wound up like a ball of fire today. I guess it's a nice to have a job again. No, what it is is what you got Rick out of the room to go get this. Yeah. Yeah. He's intimidated by Rick. You know how the bird used to be. He's been intimidating. Well, it's the same thing with these guys. He's intimidated by Rick Riley. Well, I do hope, and I'm not insinuating anything, but I hope they do find employment like very soon. They were excellent on waxing, but I think they're much much better now because they're given the opportunity to talk and they do it quite well. Yeah. Ma, look, I didn't get a car from Ricky Tickie by the way. A little disappointed. Well, he sends his best I'm sure. Okay. Now welcome you back. Okay. Thanks a lot. Say hi to Danny Murtole for me. Okay. 10 54 W I O G's. Oh, should I get out the doesn't it was it really bad? It is. He's not staying. It must. What is this? Well, wait a minute. Where is the first page? Oh, I guess you don't got. Oh, my God. Look at that from a 5 2 in the fall book to a 3 8 from 3 to 10. This is the overall numbers. Well, that's the lowest number in a dog's age. A 3 8 boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Mmm. Mmm. They didn't give me the first page. They didn't bother. I don't know why. CM Q FM and I'm going to be this. Well, let's see where's wins. Win's had a 3 4. We just barely beat them. How about W snooze? How did they do? They went from a 2 9 to a 2 2. Mmm. Woo. Zator from a 1 7 to a 2 3. Now we better check out GTR from a 2 1 in the fall book to a 2 0. So that's that's spinole. That's flat. But from a 5 2 to a 3 8 like the whole audience has disappeared. The entire audience disappeared. Well, I hate to break the news to you, but I'm not going to make excuses. I already did that before I had my stroke. I went through the whole business about all the changes and the insistent jerking around the audience. Mornings 5 5 to a 4 9. Boy, we want to have a death now in midday. That'll be next. We're nearly had a 4 9. Well, that's not too bad. Not great. But I think in the last year, we had a 4 8. So he went back up. So I'm sure we must go on in the toilet. We must go on in the toilet. Man, you guys better stick around. And the one else, midday, who'd be this early in the morning? Life. Over and you went from 3 to 4th to the more. That's not so bad. Oh, that's not bad. No, I spent the whole station had a death now. Do you think there was a big drop in the afternoon? Do I think so personally? Well, I don't have one. Well, I don't know. It was only one book. So I don't know. Well, what is okay, I'll say, yeah, I think it was right that dump. This is I, Coleman, stay away from me. January, February, and March. Now, when did he come here? It came January. Alex came in January. Late January. Yeah. So he was here most of the book. Yeah. Like more than 2 3. Well, say 2 3. Yeah. Okay. I had a 5 3 in the last trend. It could be under a 5. Well, would that be a death now? I'm. But we don't know. Under the keep calling and say, hey, don't hurry back. Stay out as long as you want. Is this bad? A little bit. A little bit. One. Oh, no. That's not that bad. 6 0 to 5 1. Well, that's up. What was the trend? 5 3. Hey, listen, it's better than a chop liver. Okay. When the station goes in the toilet from 4th to 5th. That's midday, the show. 6 0 to 5 1. Call a bird. Get him back. No, don't start that crap man. No way. Oh, God. Talk about having bad health. Life had a 9 6 in midday. I don't know. These are boring. Right? Why do I give these numbers? No. No. Huh? Nobody cares except the people are worked there. Like, if this, oh, I wonder how did Colors show up in the morning here. I'm sure he's listening. Yes, one one to a 0.7, but then he was gone last part of that. But the last month. Yeah. Yeah. So the only number they've had above a one in the morning was when he was there. And of course they treated him like crap, but he'll go into that when he comes on a show. Who else? Well, view del called me at home to Greg. They don't call us to. Yeah. In fact, yeah. And he said, I'm missing you ripping us. So Greg, you're a douchebag. They had from a two six to a two five in the morning. They're 12 plus I'm close 94. Anybody else? There's nobody else in the market? Is there how did the Debbie L. Yes. I had a five one. Well, the station had a three eight and I had a five one. Hey, listen, I'm not going to complain about that. We still got the top number on the station, right? Still working. That's the bottom line. Um, oh, look at that. Two five to a three six midday on love. Now is that I read Richard went to midday. How long could that? I don't lose on their midday. I don't think she's been there that long. Nice. Go and I read. What'd you be accredited for? Boys, they don't want to get a two seven. They've turned the corner ran. Who believes these numbers? There's nobody listening to that station. There's still plan CCR. We two minutes. WNWS midday, two seven with two six. Oh, how did Alice rent tell do in the morning? That's the question. Okay. One moment, please. Let's see if we can get down that many pages. Six to 10 AM. The motivation station got a point six. Let's hear it for KT had a one in the morning. Where is Alice? Uh, uh, Alice had above a two. I don't know, wait a minute. This has got to be mistaken. Just a minute. I must be seeing. Oh, here it is. Three one to a two one. So that is kind of a precipitous drop when you drop a whole point. You only start with a three. You're not doing too great, right? That's right. You know, when you got a six and you drop a point, that's so bad, right? No, you go bounce back. You feel good. I doubt it. Oh, Phil. I don't think we're finished. Anyway, that's going to do it for this hour. A guy named Chuck got a hot line. Well, that's what I'll for off the year. For on a year. Okay. We'll find out who gave him my number in just a minute. Anyway, who's doing news? Henry Barrow is doing those. Henry still here. Just like clockwork, just like the mold on the floor. And then we'll come back with more depressing numbers at 1105. See, if these people ever appear again on this radio station, I'm walking out the floor. Oh, excuse me, you bad. Oh, that was awful. When it just slipped out. It's 1107 W. Y. O. D. W. D. Nail. Hold on. And the number is sucked. The station went in the toilet. But at least we talk about it. We're not going to make any excuses. They made all these changes. They keep jerking the audience around. We had a good thing going here. And as much as I did, I don't want to say it again. I already said all of this. And I had a stroke. You know, cane. I hate him like poison. He's impossible to like. He's a pain in the ass. His guests were repetitive and boring. But he had a number, a reasonable number, and we had a lot of business on there. Okay? He did well. Station was kicking ass. And they started screwing around, messing with success. They got a history at all these stations in this market, changing and changing and changing and chase when you guys start. It's 1108 at W. Y. O. D. And no, that would be a great change. That would be a good change. Who's going to give me a soda, by the way. Diet, the old fat rich of me. So the Diet Coke, caffeine free. What is it? What is that? What is that? What is that? Oh, men 25 to 54. I had an 86 from number one to number two. But that's not just an abrania. I have to have the women to have to have the overall 25 to worst not in yet. It adults 25 to 54 because I'm sure that I blew my bonus, but then I'll cry right on the ear. But that's a brace. You know, you went some you lose some. Yeah, we just don't have that loyal audience like they do a W QBA. Now, who the hell is this kind of bat line? Hello. How are you Neil? Okay. Glad to hear you. Who's this? My name is Chuck. You know me by site. You would know me by name. Really? Yeah, but yeah, I've been in a couple of your promotes. I'm the Michigan State man. Would you get this number, Chuck? That rich. Long time ago. Anyway, what was he was in the room for? I'd give anything if he was in a room. Well, that rich gave you the hotline number. You're so to before you pitch him out. Okay. Oh, man. Well, I was in the station Thursday when Alex is having his cramp on the ear and even gives my home number out to people. He was very abstained my home number. I couldn't believe I just almost had a relapse at the house. I couldn't believe it. At this voice is going on and on and I'm so concerned about you and my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, I said, who the hell is this? Very abstain. Don't you recognize my voice? It would be like Gilbert calling me at home, you know? I'll always get out of the hospital. I'm getting calls from callers. That'd be very enjoyable. Anyway, what's up, Chuck? Uh, I was in the day. I'm Chuck. I know. I, I've only, I was looking to be Joey being on this afternoon. I guess God help the song. Yeah. I am. I was coming to 95. I was working to work with you. I think the 38 is bad guys. Wait, can you see what happened with Joey on the air? How does the numbers achieve? God help us. You can do a one eight easy. Did I went out? By the way, the afternoon, 35 to a three three and a night, 28 to a two six. Thank you, Melvin, you're a gentleman, a scholar and you Jewish. What is it, sir? So it can't be all bad. I just want to let you know what I witnessed the balances on the air cramp on Thursday. You were here? I drove by the station. I happened to be gone by and he was just happened to be going by, right? And you know, I figured I'd come in beyond the in the audience and just listen for a little while. I'm, uh, they, I weighed in the lobby then about 20 after two, it comes down against me. I get to the door, Alex, I'm in no mood for this. I don't want any audience today. Tell them all the state of hell out, you know? Didn't so much up as look up at me, apologize. You're very discurdious. I mean, when your numbers are that low, you'd better be nice to every listener you got. Yeah. So, you know, I like to Zack, but I don't have any stomach for discurdancy. And that was just 23. Hmm. But I'm glad you're back. Oh, by the way, who was it giving the bat line number again? Bat rich. Who just sat down here? Backs remote. Oh, no, I got two soldiers. I would have three soldiers. Look at that. You gain him the hotline number. What do you mean? It's a crock. Oh, this man's credibility on a skill is zero minus infinity. Mine, oh, the brain trust is running around the whole of programming. People are running up and down the hall. The sky is falling. The sky is falling. Chicken little chicken little. That's good. Just keep making those changes, man. Just keep changing the programming, like people change their underwear. We can make a two by the fall book. If you work real hard to make a star, they could put a radio aerobic class from Judas. And they're dumping stand too aren't they? Isn't that the, I mean, you know, let's keep making those changes. Well, listen, have a nice day and I'm glad you told us about fat rich. Glad you're back. Thanks a lot. Well, you are impossible. Just very, have steamed my home numbers. Did you hear that story? I got to call. I don't either. I don't want to know what any call here on the bat line. You must give them that number two. We need the bird back. I guess, huh? Grab from a six to a five one. But the one thing I discover on this station, your numbers are like a bi, I said this before. Like it's like an accordion. Your numbers are a byproduct of the overall station. So you can't compare it to what you did before or all you can do is compare it to the number of the station does. So if the station had a three eight, I had a five one. I did great. So congratulations to me, right? That's right. Yeah. Damn right. Twelve minutes. Is it that right, sir? You got it. Hold on. Hey, I want to talk about the unicorn right now. Boy, I should be okay. It's 11 16. Now, what is this? The latest rumor, Alex is out of town. We're working for a job. And we'll be back Wednesday on the air in the building. Back in town, but not necessarily on the air. Oh, well, what do you make of that? I don't know. You know, as far as Thursday, welcome back by the way. Oh, you said, I'm sorry about me. Let's hear what you really want to see. I want to bash him. Now I'm a hiding light voice on that. I want to do. I'm done, Ashley. It was nice. It's easy. You know, pick his teeth on his goddamn throat. Wait, no, as far as Thursday, show goes. I don't remember. Thursday, show it all kind of blends together. No, cut. I kind of don't know. But he will come. He was going. I feel like I feel like, um, if I remember correctly, he opened the phone for a half hour and let everybody say what they want. And what happened? Everybody ripped the hell out of me, begin with. And then what? And then he in turn ripped Miami and everybody down here sucks. Yeah. Me, when I'm in a hole. Oh, by the way, speaking about what is this about the billboard? Oh, yeah. You have billboards. Everybody sucks. They look like crap. Now, he said that they have the billboard and that there was something in my mind. They had a controversy. What? They had a change in billboard because it's a bar of soap and it looked like something else. What the hell are they thinking about here? They look like crap. I saw them. I saw the world of the Reneeria. I saw the world with you. Whoever did those, whatever agency did they should be shot. Is there a horrible? Really? Yeah, they're really. Now, have you seen the new Neil? No, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Why did you give me a frown when you came in? This already told me what they were. You already said I had eight six, what's wrong with that? It's down, but we're dropping like a rock. That's 10 to three. That includes two to three, sir. Okay, which may have been somewhat down. Let's see a three to seven. What they did 25 to 54. Look at that. They went up. How do you like that? Five four to five seven. Up. In men. Well, that's because y'all are all those naked broads in here. What do I have in eight six? And what are we doing in the morning? Six five to a six three. That's not bad, huh? We kind of held our own in men 25 to 54. Didn't we? What did the station do? Seven five to a five night. Like I said, death now. And the seven amid night, seven amid night, two nine to a three eight. Look at that stand. Gotta give a stand something you're excited about. Yeah, Neil, something very exciting happened one last week. I don't know if anybody's talked about it. Yeah. But the sun's kind of isn't having me always do. The deep breath. Okay, now a studs did what? Sud's kind of had a coming out last week. You haven't put it back. I bet it's right. I bet it's wife's been said in about. No, I heard more from studs last week than I have ever since I've ever read was speaking. Oh, yeah, you're guys did a great job, by the way. Thank you. All right, don't get carried away. No numbers are pretty bad. You know, you know, and I can do that. I'm going to keep. I tried to help the show in anywhere I could. And they did a great job. Yeah. And, you know, I hope everything works out for Alex for the best. Whatever. Yeah. Yeah. And, in other words, you wish him luck in Seattle. Then where are you? Maybe he can pretty good. Oh, Dave could pretty call me too from Seattle. Yeah. See, I'm forgetting a lot of people who works with a friend of ours. Yeah, really. The program director there. The program director is matter of fact. We hired as an intern. And now he's a PD and has a job. That's right. In fact, he was down in just before I had my stroke. And he was getting a little depressed up there because the weather is crappy. And then he came back here for a couple of days and he realized he liked it up there a lot. Anyway, enclosing please. Dr. Sock. You got it. Oh, man. I could I could tell I would be boring. But I could tell not by stories. I'd love to hear from now till the end of the day. I mean, they just don't know what they're doing. And then I had the I don't want to go into who the personality is. But I want to thank Dr. Jay Skala. I used to have my show all the time when I did topics. At the U of M Medical Center and the Behavioral Research Center, he is the best. I don't know why didn't call him right away. But I went there last week. And he just terrific. And he's a lot of good things for me and got my diet straightened out. And I'm getting on the right medication. And you know, it's going to take me a while. How do you feel? Do you feel normal or a bigger part? No, I feel a little week. A little a little a little week. As long as you're regular. No, every day. Good day. Okay. There he goes. Legend and his own mind. 20 after 11 and WIOD is we come back. No, what do they want me to come back? We had the football draft yesterday, which I noticed is still going on today. Here's Rick Alpo. Thank you, sir. Okay. What is that? Oh, those could be halls meant to look off. There you go. Thank you very much. Who would look at that vitamin vitamin seed drops? Oh, a whole. Thank you, Rick. That's nice. An actual assorted, citrus flavor. Oh, listen, make my mouth work up real good. So I have a what are my mouth now on this buildboard? Now it's green. It used to be a green. It's a green. It's a bar of soap. It was got it. Oh, like a kind of dubious like. I use this as a matter of how many days. Maybe it is stupid around my bathroom. That's what it is. Oh, that's great. And they suck pouring me in before it was ivory. They shouldn't have had a promote this station. You know what? They really know how to promote. But I will say this. They were very nice. They sent my check over with Stan every week and, you know, some more than they did for us. Bob's soap or another super star. Hi Neil. How are you about? Thanks for the nice card, buddy. Welcome back. You know, Susan and I have missed you. What are you going? Thank you. And anybody, some people do anything to get a couple of days off. Now, does that rich give you this number of Bob? Yeah, rich give it to me. He's incredible. He's everywhere. He's like the plague. Well, we, we wish you well and hope that you feel better. Thank you. Well, we're going to. I only have one ask you one other thing. Yeah. What the hell do you want? Exactly. Well, I'm going to ask Disney that when I get off the air. Hi Bob. Have a great day, Bob. You're going to thank Bob and us. They don't know what they want here. They don't know what they want. I feel like I'm in on the Titanic like way down in the balls of the shipping. But I think they're going to make them real good move pretty soon. That's the rumor that seems to be going around the building. Anyway, it's I think I said 22 after 11, but you can never give the time too much or the temperature by the way. These guys know that time and temperature, time and temperature. Give it a lot. Play those hits. Right? Pump them out. These are delicious, boy. They're how much better I speak already. Oh, yeah. She's like a white hot. Oh, God. Yeah, I had three of those before I had my stroke. Anyway. Could have been the ice cream fudge cake in Pompano Park that night. Specs music and video has acquired. Oh, I see. I'm reading the note to me from Bill Muller. Well, I would be good wouldn't it? What? No, what they have now. It's Specs. They've got the ACN cassette and CD. Oh, and all the people on that. So you can just buy those. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's not all of them, but it's going to like a whole bunch. It's got 10 to 12 ACN bits on it. And you can play it on your CD in the car when you're a cassette of your a popper. And it's 50 minutes long. So they're like a whole bunch of bits that we play on here here and you can drive around and crank it up in the car and open your windows and maybe that way we'll get a little promotion. You say, hey, this is the stuff they play on the Neo Roger show Wiod tend to 2 6 10 on the AM dial every day. Would you be better than those crappy billboards with that thing in my mouth, whatever it is. The cassette is only 999. I'm a cop man and a bud man. I trust you, Art. Oh, wait a minute. Oh, I see we got it. We didn't do that bad 25 to 54. What the hell you talking about? Renerie stayed about the same 65 was 63. I had an 86, which is not chopped liver. Alex went up and he afternoon and we found one demographic where we went up a little bit. What does that mean? Is he still even pretty good, then? Why can't we say something? Okay, me this audience of this radio station has been jerked around so much last five or six months and they're just they can't handle it. They don't know they got to have a scorecard It's like the draft yesterday. We had what 2000 people there. It's good. That's our queue. That's a whole audience of the station was there for the draft Boy, they're in their office right now. Oh, can't we tell football when it's football start? I can't we play some extra games Miami, Dave County, wherever the hell you are. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Mr. G here. Hey, how you doing, G? Good. Good to hear you, boys. All bad. Hey, listen, I just want to thank Alex for letting us bash him. It was really nice of him. He finally stood up and took it like a man. Really? Yes, he didn't handle it too well, but at least he let us that's what freeway and spigots are too, but that's another story. How about them cubbies? Yeah, there are struggling, but last year we were seven and nine the first 16 games now were six and seven. So, you know I saw you know who I saw you. We are forgetting some good pitching. We just started hitting the ball. Yeah, I saw Ron Santo Yeah, he's doing the radio now. He banks. Uh-huh. Louis, up for issue. Oh, here we go. Don Kissinger. Yeah, Fergie Jenkins. Uh-huh. Neil Rogers. Yep. All great men. Yeah, and when Fontana and the mine vendors say hi to the guys. Okay. See you. Bye. Oh, he's good any It's 1127 and WIO Dean. We have an opening in Dave County. The book is a death now. WIO D from a five one To a three eight were finished. You'll be hearing Hungarian mouserkers tomorrow morning starting at six a.m. In fact, they're looking at their carding them up right now They're carding up the music. Well, it's been a lot of fun. Been a year and a half for me. You know, I figured I come back one day after my illness and you know, say goodbye Good data come back. Yeah, what is oh this is this will really put me to this frame. I can be out a month now. Tell my head of relaps from the numbers Uh-huh. Well, welcome back Neil. Thank you. Okay. Yes. I've got a story about Harry returning to work after his stroke. Oh, he was out a long time. Well, and it goes back to 76 when he was the white socks announcer He used to sing take me out to the ballgame to Jimmy Pierrythall. Yeah, and Bill Beck put a public address microphone in the booth. I know the story. You know the target time. Yeah Okay, well, I feel back got him started doing it with a crowd. Yeah Right and when he came back when he went to the cubs the everybody started cheering Harry Harry and then the cubs Came out of the dugout and then the reds came out and he said it was really moved by it really great Hmm Well, he also says let's get some runs. Yeah, you know what they don Yeah Later so what else I agree with you exactly what you said about the meds weakness Oh, man, they are they're pathetic. We had the game. What did you see the game when the cubs 1 8 to 6 and 13 the ninks? No, I don't and I mean the meds had that game won so many times and Mitch William is just pulled it out of his somewhere I couldn't believe it. I kept getting ready say okay, that's it. I was kept getting up to turn the set off and go to bed And he kept getting the third out. I just can't believe it and they are defensively so bad and they're you know You can't complain about destroying arms because they don't have any they can't throw anybody out Given Joe Girardi stole a base against the meds. I couldn't believe it My grandmother runs faster than Joe Girardi and she's dead. Yeah Jimmy Pierrythall could run backwards and still Yeah, that's right No, everybody talks about the six and if I think even pitched out one point and he still couldn't throw the guy out It's not fair. It's pathetic there they are put though. They got you know, if I always pitch in fantastic and Goodn looks like he's coming around but they basically that and I who pitched yesterday for nine days He pitched the good game yesterday, but their middle relief is a disaster and Franco I got news for us since they kicked him out of Spain. He's never been the same Well, this might cheer you up. Gonna be a long I did it's gonna be just like it is now all year long It's gonna be over that division is really weak And you've got your problems, right Well don't simmer had his problems in 1982 when he was with Texas. Can I ask you a question? What is this happening with Harry Stroke? Oh, I just brought that up because when when he came back The fans were cheering for him before the seventh inning. Oh, yeah, and they gave him and the president called him up Yeah, so welcome about Yeah, that's screw him All right, just find the wish you well. Okay. Thanks. Okay. 11 30 W I did we really got a roll now don't we? When you guys won't tell me at any audience is the same way. I mean, I know that some of you people are We're listening last Thursday, which evidently was the pivotal day in the history of this radio station And you won't tell me what the hell went on. Oh, that's that that was what every three of I came back to his senses and blamed on food poisoning and that was it Blamed what did you know the two to three hour and how about all the other days Look I think he was just concerned with the two to three oh four lauderdale nail yeah, hey I'm known as hurricane man. Hey, Dylan okay, but by home By everyone from the dances I'm friends of your dances Oh great You know blues slippers Yeah The big guy and I've got your favorite person on the phone right now. Can you sing Tina? I got your friend thinkles in on the line. What do you mean you got him on the line Michael Michael's right on All that's what that's wonderful. Okay, Mike you're a great guy, but I don't know okay. Yeah. I don't want to hear about pumping a park Last week or anything. Yeah, good Okay, good luck. I'm glad you're back on the air. Yeah, I'm glad you're back. I was worried about you Yeah, I bet the handles down 10% since I'm out Still another week left. Yeah, good have a good time Okay, say hi to Ron Wapels and all my friends up there. I think I see Donald Brainer to want to race I got my dad. I had a relapse. Okay That's why I didn't come back last month. I saw that in the paper and sent me back a week Okay, okay, hey, can see how to your dad tell him uh don't smoke too many cigars. Okay, all right Oh It's 1132 at WI would do all I can't all be great. South Dave. You're the best. I know It's so good to have you back. I can't tell you what is this like a little love letter on the phone boy boy Well, see I worked the next day over the weekends. I could have today off just a little bit. No, you did not I swear and what if I wouldn't have come back? Well, they said that you're gonna be back fire your ass I just thought I was gonna be back last week too. I couldn't make it. I was too sick. No, well, everybody knew they were gonna say that just to have you Just to get everybody listened to me. No, I was planning on coming back and I had no energy No, we we we wanted to be next a week. I had to say these the halls meant the looks of sir with vitamin The They are they're good. So I heard what happened first thing What happened you ready for the truth? Yeah about time it would took an hour and a half Well, I didn't be there that's how long I was on home. Yeah, so hold this go ahead sir Okay, you know, he went crazy and then he realized he was getting you know Reset out like so then he stepped into this building he was getting an over his head Okay, I got when he sat down behind the microphone for the first time he was getting an over his head Oh, she coming back go ahead Well, you know after you realized he was in over his head He said that it was the reason that he acted that way was because he gets no support from the radio station And he doesn't feel right being there and that's the right that's the reason He gets no support on what are you didn't he said he had food poisoning That was cool. Let me tell you something. But that's what he said. Let me tell you something We guys have been here two and a half months every time a pigeon flies over the building and let's one go He threatens to walk out now. He's got nothing. He's got no numbers. He's got no track where he's got nothing You know nothing to base that on I mean if you're gonna threaten people you gotta have something to hold over their head Well, I used to have till his book came out after he's now gonna be like please. Let me stay here. You know Well, he said to you know on the air. He said that you know He could really walk out because they had to have under contract and they could come after him and so But everybody knew that was good. I didn't he also say the week before that he never signed the contract Didn't he say the day that he was gonna get on the plane because they wouldn't let him have our goldstein on and he was quitting and That he hadn't signed the contract yet. Oh, well, but he says, you know every day. He says he's leaving But Guess what you well. I wouldn't be surprised I think he is because I think Rick and Spurs that such a good job last week. They open their eyes Uh-huh and ears Any earth yeah, that's right got on those what else well. I'm under Rick and Spurs Ben lagging now Bless you sir. Exactly. Right there. They're gonna be a great compliment to this show Right me yes, sir. Okay. Like the life of Riley was William Bendix That he was in a very bruised story and hit that whole run into the lower deck in Yankee stadium on the first take the kid died recently, you know You know what you hear? Not on the life Riley when a babe Ruth who he allegedly hit the whole run for that kid's only died Charlie Ruth as in root Yeah, well, thanks a lot sir. You finally strain this out all right. It's one for all Okay One for the gipper it's 1135 and WID Okay, I we had a little slip of the tongue there a little slip of the copy on that CD in a cassette it's back. They're like 50 bits on there not 10 or 12 where did they come up with that Yeah, is that my con no y'all he's even good with a my cough, you know if you spoke once in while you'd be amazed you could get like a two And then with his two you'd have a four oh Oh, we got a celebrity collar on here now Hi, I'm gonna welcome back buddy Oh, you over. Don't you please get up I thought if you said hello to you this morning on the way to like how about that I said hello to me on the way to work Yeah, remember that I thought probably you were listening But anyway, what was this? You know that this morning. I watch show was that You know it's Wendy mod and Mike. No, I listen to Mike Reneri now. I the only reason I listened over there was Bill Calder was there I don't listen to Randy Mark. I'm sure she's a very nice young lady, but I listen to the Mike Reneri show on 610 Wio V 530 to 10 a.m I know I Featuring Henry Barrows cookie report Okay, I listen to him So but anyway, she told me to say hello to you and I'm very happy that she's not sure Hi, she's very nice. He still had nothing but nice things to say about her Not such nice things about management like the program director. What's his name over there? Steve Brady no no not the program during the Operations manager whatever Follow the case. Yeah, yeah do you speak? I say do you speak and And I hear the guy's sicker than hell and they send him a certified letter Saying well since you can't come back audio You know that they would have been like by having the stroke sitting there at home trying to recuperate with no energy and There comes a knock at the door and it's a certified letter from Wio D. saying well We wish you well get better and goodbye and was he not going to come back? You think Alice is gonna get a certified letter? Hope not oh they're gonna tell him face to face Gilbert, let me ask you a question. What do you hear about Alex Benin is he coming back? Yeah, you know, he's probably went to San Francisco. I can't fall in a long weekend. Yeah, like he always say I'm behind the way I said hello to you when I said Joey's will melt. No, you can send load of me everywhere go where I think I haven't heard it, you know? Yeah, did she have that Friday afternoon? That's why I got better. No, I sure I haven't Gilbert have you been listening to me since when Well before when I have spoke to you last that I know no, I You know you in their house. No, how about how about today? How about today? I was starting at what time? We might we my lips when you came out we above so bits going down my esophagus I know but I was a rinsing to you and I had a big Sarah and you played my card on the out-of All right, I'm out. Are we having two conversations are you listening to me? Yeah, what time did you turn this show on today? I'm 10, 5 this morning and what did I say that I say I have not listened to the radio once since I've been sick? Yeah, that's true. Until coming to work this morning I turned on Mike and listened all the way in and that's that's it I haven't been listening so I couldn't have heard you with Joey or with any of these other Fakers I know but I'm not right. They're all right. You're all great. Some of are unemployed but some of our great All in of course Craig were then called me several times Craig's a good friend. I don't want to leave him out of my list Yeah, you know Craig don't you Gilbert? Yes, you know him all and you know who told me who said to like oh and then speaking of that Craig I heard I don't want to say Craig told me because that would be you know Spilling the beans but Paul Lyle who's got to be one of the big douchebags of all time is running around at FTO a few days after I was going to win in the hospital Telling people All I spoke to Neil on Friday. It wasn't a stroke and I'm about to beat them I've never spoken to Paul Lyle in my life If he walked in the door right now, I wouldn't know. Oh my my kick is teeth on his goddamn throat, but I wouldn't know and Paul what the hell are you talking about man? I just another radio big mouth Tell me said douchebag Gilbert. Yeah, but I tell him he might still be one You know, I think a big grain of malvidence listening I would like to come down to the production room and make a little recording You know no chance no chance no chance no chance I think I'm getting my strike back and took this call to do it Are they are they sitting shivvy in the conference room for this book today boy? They're all oh Hey listen, they did drop this station dropped like a rock from the top of the Empire State building Well, you know, I hope they would promote this station up and over in Lakeland of the bird to say see I love that Yeah, that had a lot to do with it didn't it Gilbert? Yeah, thank you. I'm well listen. I'm that note having a nice day. Okay. Thank you say hi to Joey Bye. Oh God Take care everybody did hear that at the end to his public The man is out of control. What's nice to see the things have changed lots since I was sick 1143 we have an open line in day. No, we don't my my button given the numbers out Yeah, I got to get used to that because there were a couple days this will wear off it'll be right back to the same old You know a symbol bitching symbol right picked no eating though no more food Stamping a lot of sweaters. There's two days when they decide the no food coming in this joy none None zero And no matter how many times I said that before meaning erase all of that from the chalkboard. Okay, none I would in fact I discovered that I can't even eat breakfast I Take my medication in the morning. I eat the breakfast and my blood you in fact when I get up in the morning my blood sugar goes up automatically Without eating anything even if I take the medication to goes up dramatically Not not to what unsafe level, but it goes up and then it starts coming down again. No, I don't know is that good or bad? I don't know I'll find out But see that's one of the good things about my having that time off is you kind of experiment and you keep track of the readings and you stick yourself with the you know In a fingers temping times that doesn't look too appetizing. No, I can't see it from take the classes off They give you some kind of a device to do that or no, yes, I'll bite it. You stick Alex's teeth in your finger Okay smart ass Do they you know you take a pairing knife to you're taking all A double URL and you stick it in your hand, okay, and the blood pushes out and you grab a drop and you stick it on your little thing there Okay, that's the way I would have done it. I guess okay. Yeah, what do they call them puts champagne loo? You're a little thing and what exactly let me tell you guys the maniac you get the hell out of me. Why is that? Are you better listen? What happened to you? You better lose some way it's here. I thought he was well good for you I can't pull mother nature my friend Yeah, I say all my money and bet champagne for Ashley in the woods. Yeah, well she's he still That's where it comes home. That's no serious note. Thank God you all right I'm okay. Yes, oh thank you. Almost big guys all the bad guys Have a good day. Okay, Lou. Thank you. Well he was Probably one out two McDonald's $0.45 in Wild and let's take her call. Oh, he was on a mobile not exciting. Here's a lady in Pablo I think hello. Hi, hi, hi, me up. How you doing? God I'm glad you're okay. Thank you Only radio top show person I've ever listened to in my life. Well, thank God for you I can believe when you aren't there and it brings me a bit of the chair we can see the 25 to 54 numbers And find out if there were any women listening I'm 31 no, I don't mean you. Oh, that's great perfect. I'm a lot of us just don't call. I think a lot We're bringing Bill Smith and Sandy back. We want that 90 year old audience man. We want the audience that snooze is all day I saw you billboard and This is our second report on the billboard and they need good niche good is one I hear I'm popping out just enough off from my house Where is it it's like a sketch, but it's a poorly done sketch. Where is it? Gosh, I really can't we look at replace the E yesterday that wasn't crowded So like all over pop and us right we really can tell you exactly But it's it's northeast pompino. Yeah, yeah, I guess but anyway why I call the originally was to ask you You used to talk about days of our lives. Yeah, it happened to catch your last week when you were home No, I don't watch you anymore. I don't know Peter Rekko back as both. Oh, I know that I came across it for like a minute But we know once you get away from a soap opera for a couple of years or longer Everybody's gone even guiding light. I call once in a great while and you know the fact that Rogers back Maybe almost have a relapse so I can't I can't handle it too much stress Even doing back there on that the japan that's that I mean it's incredible all the old people like I've watched it Well, maybe they're rising up 12 yeah some of me come back to life. I just I wonder if you saw him come back on to the To the way to wait till pop a power comes back on guiding light that's gonna make news even channel six will have that on You were never really happy with that pops situation. You know patch got Oh, they were always fighting to exactly the way he came back on to the show walked into a bar of patches getting beat up so heat that they were well, are they bringing back dug in Julie Julie's back She got back like a month ago really. I don't know about the other one. How about David? No, well, I'm not watching them. Scott the sun David sun Scott David sun yeah Scott banning somehow they say that he's Julie's grandson, but I thought he was so sun Well, only the uh kind of college just those for sure I really anyway it's great to hear you back and and I'm glad I have something to do from 10 to two now Thank you You have a nice day. You two stay away from those bad foods and all that horrible stuff trust me I won't call you again probably unless I hear you eating on the air. The only thing that will go in my mouth beside my required Diet food will be that bar soap. I'm keeping this show today. So if I hear you eating on it I'm gonna call up play you a car no chance. You know chance See you later. Take care Okay, it's 12 till noon the people from channel 6 are here. This is exciting. Is this news must be a slow day today boy Must be desperate But I do want to thank say thank you to Barbara Sloan she is such a nice person. She's having the most beautiful plant Will is it Easter lilies with a white thing you know a big gorgeous? She is so nice. It's frightening, you know Incredible Anyway, oh boy here we go with a food again where you can't get away from it. I can't eat it right now Okay, 152 boy this book is a death now death now bring in a Hungarian Mazarkas boy they psychotic in the building are they blowing their brains out? Too bad Anyway, it's nice to see that the brain trust in our programming department has really got us on the right track Let's so take a call from Kendall. Hello Neil yeah, welcome back. Hey Thank you. Let me tell you some I never thought I would be so addicted to a radio show that I will go nuts when the host was off the air for a couple of weeks Do you want nuts? nuts. Well, I think that's Might not be the operative term here, but uh well from what I'm hearing there were a lot of people around here going nuts too Yeah, well, let me tell you Rick and put sir. Are they still in there? No, well one of them well kind of yeah Well, let me tell you they did an excellent job That's what I heard did, didn't they? Like the real host, but you know, you know, as a fake And then okay, yeah, okay, I guess I'll be out from 2 to 6 now here. I wouldn't be surprised Why I wouldn't be surprised I wanted to try and why he's out of the room. Why did you just go ahead and tell him? What's that he won't say anything? No, what? Put the radio work. Okay. Come on. I won't even tell him that's why that it does There's nothing to tell yes there is you just can't say it They're all right. Let me ask you this question. Is there something to tell but you can't say it? I'm not about Rick and put it. No, I'm asking him. Oh, okay See then you don't have to say I won't I won't ask a follow-up question. That's the question There is there something to tell but you can't say yes see? Well, they start Wednesday I'd like a big really well I'll be listening in I was kind of hoping for stand to get to the six And you know what they're gonna say they're gonna say oh look at that Bena went up 25 to 54 men and women a little bit there. Let's not be so hasty You know It looks like like like that decision to go with his but anyway Let me I just want to know that and from what I understand because nobody will tell me exactly what happened Evidently came totally unraveled. Oh, yeah I don't know what kind of environment he was used to but he sure wasn't prepared to work in this market I tell you that Yeah, believe it or not I thought he was gonna break into tears, but I don't know Well, face of the show sucked well now that I know that he's not coming back Well, he used to say that you he was that you were behind them all the way I don't need those behind me Because I had to be behind him. I mean, we're you know or teen here, you know when together Loose the it like the cubs in a mess well like the red Like the yeah, yeah, how about him? Hey, that's my team meal. You know they've been centered well. It's for the last couple of years So, you know you gotta be you gotta take what you can get okay, but like Pete Roce said don't bet on it Yeah, well In closing meal He turned out to be real credit to the sport and they who he was a little income activated Never stole a freight train Nittened right never stole a freight train right? I'll be on Donnie on my way. Say hey everything's okay is a good guy, you know Yeah, yeah Yeah, it sounds boring but I just I had to say welcome back Yeah, tell you that I missed you. Well, it'll be nice today. Wanted to then tomorrow they'll be right I think they'll don't know. Oh, you know, we kill the whole Monday doing this today. Thank God. I came back on a Monday You want to do there'll be three calls right now Yeah, you want to know what really happened on with this Yeah, sir. It's about time we find somebody in the honor in the audience with enough honesty and courage to tell me I can handle it what happened? I think that the thing really started on a Monday because there was there was a show that they did They started out on a Monday and they got a couple of calls from people that were for bashing Alex and they just said they didn't like Alex or Or what they really said was Alex suck the call and it's right and so it wasn't really the on the part of the host and then No, they said that off the year though. No, they think well, yeah, I mean, but that's all I mean on Tuesday Alex came in at about like one o'clock and right after the news came back all you heard was that little thing that you had tape there where they said If you guys say if these people come back in the studio I'm leaving or something rather and so Rick and Spudd declared a no talk on Alex. He said anybody who calls up into anything bad or good about Alex is getting hung up on and you're not gonna make it on the air We have no guests today How did this happen? I'm going home Yeah, so he hung up on all the calls the people would go like right through a call and then they try to at the end Getting something about Alex you know like to try to be slick and he dumped him and he think they wouldn't make it on the air All right, can I point something out to you in the audience? In spite of these little fluctuations here because lat, you know, I don't know what that all it is But the bottom line is Erone 90% of the audience hated him to begin with okay Cain's audience is all gone So at this point we have no Alex Benod audience and we have no Steve can audience, okay We got the micryenary audience We got my audience and then of course Stan is got like baseball on every night so that you know like a washout that's it Our cum is like six people So we got like what WFKL's listeners? Yeah If we keep going like that, they make if they make three more changes WFTL will beat us in the next book So at one so the two to three hour on Thursday was just Alex Benod's version of you remember talk radio Yeah, where Eric Bogosian went into that little loss of reality thing where the room was spinning You know The lights went down and he didn't know what the hell he was doing and just changed smoking cigarettes That was like what Alex went through on on the two to three hour Thursday Great and it was just you know Unbelievable okay Charles you did a great job love your Neil talking next month okay Anyway, that's it boy. This is going by fast enough sure is did every day. Yeah. Yeah, easy for you to say Anyway, we've got Debra Martinez who I understand is going to the big time it didn't be You Is the most tasteless thing I've ever heard in my life and I'm driving to work I have a show to do and I'm getting ticked off at you I have if I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. I'm ticked your goddamn teeth in like a ability is probably the key word Okay 1207 that WOD what's been fun and that old look who's here hello Okay, Ron And I understand this out to Rick Rally who's still looking for his degree a little bit of a school of broadcasting out in Hollywood Okay, hold on Ron wait very week out of practice. Anyway, thanks to a Robert and Mark at sports card having up in Davy For the whatever the hell is it's a cubs cup mug right and it's got stuff and it's a slag blur Well, it's a tumbler, but it's like What the how do you call that? It's got a little bat in there which they could use at this point and It's got fluorescent stuff in it, you know in the sides of it, but you can still drink out of it, huh? Yeah And here's a hairy carry coaster to put under the tumbler and Thanks a lot guys there there good guys up there okay? I guess anyway it's 1208 and WOD we had a death now in the book and that's good It's see the audience feels more sympathy when you're under you know you can relate to that Let's try Miami. Hello. Hey, Dail good to have you back. Thank you. I'll have an Alex been inspired for okay Alex is not out of town He's had his house How do you know that? You outside how you would Tom Fiedler now with the raincoat on looking in the window? No, let's just have my ways of firing reporters at the Harold one and oh I just have my ways and I thought that he's at home really that's right So he's listening right now. I don't I don't I said where he shows sucks No, I don't really care No, I'm gonna be able to stand up comics can you bring on you don't I'm saying You're trying to blame it on everybody else you know Neil the dude's and stay did that. Hey, it's got he's got his own four hours in there He's got to stand up or fall down on his own nothing, you know that's right Well, I just want to let you know that he is in town. Okay, okay We've got it noted. Okay. Thank you. You're by excellent spy report. You can't pull off Alex. Okay Come out wherever you are Well, we're neppy great if we got him in here during the one to two hour was brick and puts I'm also huh oh yeah Three out of four falls Let's go to plantation Hi, welcome back. Thank you It's so great to hear you sound great today. Yeah, do I have a lot that when I first came in I was a little shaky, you know I feel great but now I feel great now that I've had my holes mental looked as vitamin seed Drop Yes, man Never leaving I thought about you and that eight to six lost to the man. No, they wanted to see Oh, I was thinking well, you know that may help you recover. I loved it. I love that. I love that trod by Hoh Jo in the 13th inning I'm thinking one and now I love the next night when Marvelle went hit that pinched triple with the bases loaded It's just a pick up of where they left off last year. Yeah, well We'll see it's gonna be a long season One thing about the cubs is just like last year this starting out real good on the road They're foreign to on the road and they're two and five and we're really feel just like last year They started out real bad at home. Yeah, well, we got up there. Then we straighten them out. We'll have a picture But yeah, anyway He threatened to punch out stand yeah, there was one night that stand he made well, you know one thing I must say it's good to see that the management has got this place under total control while I was out Okay, I was concerned about that. I was little worried, but it's nice to know that they've got everything firmly under control What the hell is this thing with stand now? This is He's a good guy He's hated stand ever since he got I guess the thing with Alex is that anybody who he thinks threatens his job He hates I try to give him a chance and I know several people have that But he's just he's a new spirit It's nice. Yeah, it really is I don't know I don't know he's a very bizarre guy. You just cannot and and not just me, but everybody else I've talked to and I've made the comment They say absolutely you can't get close to the guy you can't have a conversation with him He's the I don't I'm just never encountered anybody I mean, I don't dislike him or anything, but I've just never encountered anybody Like him in my life. He's just a very bizarre He takes it out on everybody around him. Yeah. Well I'm not freaking sorry to get a chance because they wanted to not know yeah, they start Wednesday. I think they start Wednesday That's great now They want to put they want to put joy on for a couple of days so that they'll look real good by comparison Well, we can spread the bread. I hope they get a spot on the stairs. They got it trust me. Oh great That's great. You're that to start the process. I'm starting running around telling everybody listen to WIO D. We need some help here, man Those billboards with that thing in my mouth. That's not gonna do the job Have a great one We do that for again. We love you. Okay. Well, if you're not at the book him out. I can't afford to be out See you later. It's a 13-pass noodle in WIOD Everybody at the hospital by the way plantation general. I send them greetings. They were all listeners And what can I say? Fine hospital in it. Yeah, very nice people. They don't know what they're doing But it was a fine hospital Anyway, we're talking about teeth before you know, well coming back wouldn't be complete without Biggest I guess what look at that browner there's an open line in browner now. Oh boy woo 12 16 at WIOD, but we still got you got that right baby 12 16 A one a your music way Rancin John cooking good even if I'm off for two weeks myself here Like soon stop for that with man We talk up Ron Okay, it's the 12 17 with that killed a good minute. Here's a mobile on the Palm Beach line. Hello Oh my god, it's lead junior Oh, there's that laugh I was running out of material. Oh, but yeah I'll tell you what after the after the tailor made your last suit he ran out of material totally better watch that diet Don't run in Listen, it may be you are a you without friends, but starting Wednesday I'm going to be the permanent substitute host on the new Lincoln Sudshow really why this will be needed some more changes around here Lee Wasn't there yeah when in all the As you can probably don't in the sound of my voice I'm depressed I can't find left me She decided to finish junior high Also a father to support the one relationship. You know I kept telling her don't worry when your dad is my my angel understand But really seriously no, oh my not be as bad as everyone says absolutely Listen, I live Lincoln Sunland week. Oh, Ben. I just know a mixture finally got me to revenge Aren't you about the circle? The special catcher. Sure, and on the show No, Lee Oh, he's been working on these you've been working on these for two and a half weeks Yeah, I believe it well and closely Yeah Probably sue me for all these terrible for lack of support. I don't know which is thinner. It's still on there I've got more here clogging my sink. When he had one is said He Well, Lee Yes, save some of it Oh Don't you want to hear Debbie Ellis joke you'll need it Sealy twice Sealy 12 19 and Wildy boy. He's good, and he he's the best. He called you though I wouldn't call you guys plantation Hello, Neil. Hi. Thank God your back. Yeah, I like the Lord for my time. I feel diamond on Wildy our new format Bob de Carlos coming back I follow the easy hits all the time. I think you Lee I finally got a taste to what life with that without Neil would be like really and I don't think I could handle it I could have had little for another couple of years. I think they would send in the check over every week I was kind of starting yet used to it. I got worried when I read that article when you said you know hey life is more than a radio show That's not all my god. He's not coming back. No, but it's just that you know some people would call me I mean with good intentions and they'd start talking about the business and did you hear this and did you hear that and I tried to explain to them in my own Inept way That after something like this happens to you you don't you don't care about the radio show or the radio Stage I mean you don't even think about those things you do everything you can to get your health back Because you don't have your health what the hell is all the rest of this you know you can't do it Oh, and I knew when those people were calling up what you were going going oh Neil if you're listening I want to tell you Bob, Bob, Bob, I knew you weren't listening. No I'm doing your off. Yeah, wait off. Well, I think we look look at this book I think we've got a dead now man who wants those big numbers anyway, right? Too much responsibility goes with big numbers. I think it was God's will that you took that extra week off Yeah, because if you didn't that what would still be here? Really he wouldn't have had that big fight with the Rick and so that was that what did it? Oh It was the Rick and such thing that pushed him over. Are you I don't but I don't understand what is a couple of people called? I mean people call rip him all the time on this station. He should be used to with a couple of people called them ripped him And And what and he went now? He went and he came in. I'm gonna kick it if I have my coat What what what over what? Because a couple of people had called in and they said oh Alex Stanks and he does I think I think what really I think somebody might have said something about two-bed you guys aren't doing two to six or something And that's what really pushed him over well isn't that interesting Steve was paranoid when Alex came and filled in for me when I was on vacation and look what I thought they were Look he was looking for his job and Alex wound up getting his job Now Alex comes in is paranoid when I'm out sick and these guys come in filling in Thanks that they're looking for his job and now they're getting it Oh, and so he is a big fight with them. I guess then he goes on tomorrow. I'm starting you got the tape Are you going on his show and he says I'm letting management know right now you come on here and you bash me You know he says if these men ever come back in the studio I'm walking out No, two ways about it And it's very obvious you two guys are out of work and you want the afternoon shift around here So they come back the next day and they say well Okay, okay, yeah, that was the end of the week. He thought you were coming back on Monday Yeah, he said if they ever come back on that of here and you didn't come back in again So they came back Monday and he said well, we're still here Alex you know I'm your kids you're full game, you know. I don't get it. This guy so how could he possibly have ever been in this business before? Oh, so he comes in and he goes well I have a contract and I can't really walk out, but you know I I want to forget all this and get past and we're gonna declare a truth You know and you just basically had to eat crow that week and then you know us and when somebody's down We like to kick them so in the tea everybody started calling him up. It's rain Alex you said you're gonna leave. How come you're still here? You have no integrity You know and always and you just blew it. You want crazy What a shame? It's the most tasteless thing I've ever heard in my life. Yeah Well listen you did a great job narrating Alex's commentary there and I appreciate it I came away to go back to tell Tengilet about this. Yeah And out gold steam won't send me any more love letters. I guess oh I got another billboard sliding for you. Oh They bad. Uh, well It's under repair the Lyce It's not it's on the Palmeino Express Yeah, going north just before a hundred and third street Nile. Yeah. Okay, and I went by there one night and for some reason There's no light on it at night So all I could see was the top of your head and I said Nile ride your six ten some something in front of your face Yeah, and I thought it was supposed to be like a gag or like a boy, uh, you know a gag around your mouth to keep you quiet or something And then I heard Rick and Sudden next day talking about well it's supposed to be a bar soap So I drove by during the day to take a look at it It looks like a mattress stuck in your mouth. Yeah, well if you always put it up the billboard drop the soap There's a problem. Well, it's a have a great day. Okay. I'm glad you're back. Thank you. Okay. Well, is this funny? He was talking about that now. I got to talk about white huts A lot of pressure more than I thought there would be 12.27 and Wildy. We got to get that audience back We got to get the audience back. There's only one way to do it Played to two o'clock okay Okay, why don't ride to everybody to purchase bags if I just played it they'd never know the difference. Okay Look if I said he's a douchebag in here in the background. They don't hope it's live run card So the bird is back Now see Melvin thinks the show sucks without cleaning things the show is terrible. It was much better when he was here and he's wrong The show was not better when the bird was here the show was with BB Cates and what was the other thing? He had like three things tennis BB Cates and what was the other one Though I'm serious that's all he had was like three things that he ever talked about Lately Lately Lately Lately which who the hell wants to talk about Lately I rather talk about Canon day will before I talk about Lately least Larry can get some calls from up there right Ron Melmara Hey, see oh Nobody stops right once he gets going without it. That was so stopping me What would you hear that good one? He nailed it bad record though Ron. Okay 28 past known at WIOD here's North Del Rey No not to be confused with Del Rey proper Right correct yes, sir. Well, we try not to keep our cello should say for is this The radio person no, well you sound like then he sound like he's gonna bring it Yeah, everybody tell me what shit would you like All right, tell you we can't man our desperate the weekends on this station have dropped like since the last off in game Nobody listens on a weekend, man. They're like a two not a big fan of Joey so I'll take his spot Well, he's got a lot of company there Home what at home You just wants his Porsche By the way, Joey, I don't want to make you feel bad because I know you're listening, but I got rid of the Ferrari and I got a Porsche 928. Yeah, I feel bad Why You didn't get a lot of money on our budget. You feel good did you like double no Come on you have to mine your own business time and a half so what do you want sir? You didn't get the 1928 after the 1928 F4 or anything special why not 28 S? It's really not a new one 86 and it's nice. It's probably brand new. It's a good car. Yeah, are you okay? Anyway, I've never called you well, I call you I guess I should mention little back road Chevy Did they advertise on a station? Well, that's right, bought it. You stay at the big nose up on 95. Yeah, that's me with a big borrow something of my mom I didn't recall you I called you about a month ago I was going to Las Vegas in Los Angeles. Yeah, I came back and you were off the air and people were saying oh my god We don't know you know and I was oh I'm so glad you're back. Yeah, and we got cuz He's back too Right the word don't do it How about you listen? I know the way people think annoying the management here in the way they overreact everything Yeah, they're gonna look at that. They're gonna look at this there were sixes and sevens and other birds gone He's doing a five one of course see the bird wasn't on a micrinary show and he wasn't on an afternoon drive and he certainly was not at night And he wasn't on on a weekend so you know any excuse they're gonna come up with is gonna be wrong as usual. They're always wrong Yeah, their management they have to answer somebody so they're making up with the Yeah, you know, yeah Anyway, Caesar's power was a great place. It is the garage was absolutely gorgeous Mm-hmm and we had a good time state of circus circus never made it to the tropicalna To have your uh wraps of you. Yeah. Yeah, never made it Probably just as good of an idea you're living longer without that banana's foster Probably right not that I needed all right out of the hospital exactly Alex Bennett and he just has a bad attitude that's all Yeah, that's a good way to put it. I mean, got a crappy attitude so this town is a tough town and uh, but you know You got to be a big boy. All you got to let it roll off your back as old as he is if you didn't take himself so seriously. Yeah, you know That's the way I mean how many times can you hear Larry Brenler and he stand up comedian to won't stand up Exactly and who was that guy that could come in and play in the keyboard and his friend the Camille Brett lawyer Eric with the hair right how many times did we hear the hair lady? I mean they're Yeah, really I mean, you know, I'm sure Alex is nice guy It's just you know, he didn't know at a handle well these guys don't think he's a nice guy They're give it all kinds of looks and not saying anything, but I but Get the clean up crew in here with a pale and a bucket Yeah, who tongue yeah, it's from these I just think Boy, you We have a blue tongue and a stroke and he thinks I got a blue tongue, okay? It's from you know there are different colors They're wrong don't you understand it's an assortment no if this is a side We should be looking for it silly person we came in to be spotters. Yeah spot this Well, it's in have a wonderful life. It's good hearing from you. See in Vegas. Okay, bye Don't he sound like a radio person though? I thought he was one even broken Palm Beach have been ringing today just now how your phone's have been great all two weeks Oh yeah No, no really they have pretty good an excellent not loaded. I didn't have any problem with that But what do we at all To us like there's no Oh, there's nobody on right now Here's a mobile oh Joelle hey But two wells how you doing Joelle? I'm really happy to hear you back. He's on great now. I hope you say you know fine Yeah, it's important to I feel really good about five to two I yeah, that's the best time in the world, right? Yeah My think Alex and handle the NEPA sunshine state but the crappy state Yes, I couldn't handle the pressure I think Not a good thing Yeah, I didn't you right and it took everything too serious in one of me it's a show Yeah, just a radio show. It's a way to make a living Yeah, I mean of course the convenience were terrible Well, he wanted everybody to suck up to him. I guess and it didn't happen and then he gets all that out of shape and hostile and uh I mean, no, you got you got you can't have thin skin and do this kind of work. Yeah, I do it And it's obvious the name drop is then worth yeah Because it calls on a dropping You notice when he would drop out of those names it was always one of my very best friends if I Were that many friends I couldn't keep track of me. I got gold You're best friends. Well, I like yeah, I'm not gonna get upset at all. You know, I'm not gonna mix him in be you know I was right Yes, got a bet now for this funny guy, too Even called us did he? Yeah, it's good. I like you now now he made him in a take he called Rick and buzz yep Well, he's just a death. Oh Boy's covering his ass don't you understand? Yeah, be sure is you can't you call you every day now Why do you and you know like our management they're getting ready to do that right now now that the book is in really They're writing all kinds of interrof his memos and making that paper trail You know, they got a cover their ass. I got a doubt the fighter salary This is one denim brick tells us how I saw him count just like one Steve was here we had a lot of business right? Well, I was full, but we had a mess with success man. We had a change it screwed around mess over the audience But that's usually a let's make a few more changes, huh? Yeah, what do you guys start? Let's let's have the cups at nine a.m. until the Yankees. There you go. I doubt I'll give him a posture. Okay, have a great life Anyway, you are play a Filmen song That denim brick song. I just played it. I'm sorry. I wasn't listening. I wasn't in court. Okay, wait a minute Wait a minute. Oh, you're in court. Yeah You expect me to play that twice in the same show Tom You're welcome back 25 and W. I do that was good one little do what and it's sure fit too Why I'm not in here five minutes this morning in Denver. Yeah, can you cut this copy for me? Can you? You know, I'm sitting here shaking. I can barely sit in the chair You know, and the guys already in here just you want to help you down about your receptive Near death and I said Tom, did you see the bar of soap on a billboard? Anyway, here's a message from the I'd have a slightly buddy move that fast in my life. Do you can you believe that? Boy, and look at these guys leaning away from I'm not gonna mention your name God The rumor is that somebody is not coming back any after noon on the air But will be in the building so I'm like lambbert yeah in the here lady and Alice Cooper what was your name Alice colon The colon lady the colon lady he hangs out with the urn lady And those people are not coming back I guess so we're looking at the Palm Beach line is is open We've had all these are never given any number out all day long and it took like two and a half hours and that's it in Palm Beach What's not to Ben cool springs. Oh hi, yeah, I can't believe I got through you got through Easy on the show no problem well I think I got you delay time so I had it down there First of all the big welcome back. Thank you. I love hearing you back. I love drinking suds now love hearing you back And you love Alex Bennett well, he's okay. Yeah far away the front of his hands like in San Francisco Oh, he was better alive. I went to his show twice. Yeah. He was better on purpose. I just I'm the radio What did you mention of it? Well, that's because he did the show for the six people I were sitting in the building and that the cherished by the way are all gone Does that mean something? The cherries are gone his carts are all gone they open in closes and intros and promos are all gone from the rank Did he where that was vitamin from those like weird nature people? Oh, yeah from the horse you lady Uh-huh Now those are gone to horseshoe lady. Yeah Yeah, lady Ben for horse. Well, it was horse something but he sent you all that To be nice horses. You could give um, well, I noticed on your billboards. Yeah, I'll stay up here to get one on sample roads Great I have five five four first the first time I saw that I was like a big piece of paper Something in your mouth they give you the the biggest whip I've ever seen in my life now it's green noise, isn't it? No because the soap green the looks like big apple red Now that's like that will be shocker that I saw last time where he bites the guy's lip And the lip just expand like a bottle of oil, man It was pretty big it was a Huge Also what the lip yeah, oh Excuse me. I want to get to first By the way, anybody messenger by the AC and take they put out no yeah, they um they point out called our radio radio I picked it up the other day. Oh, no, yeah, but you know we did a commercial for that. It's its specs Oh, they got it over they got it. Well, no, don't mention anybody else In specs. Oh, okay. I got it somewhere else. Well, that's okay. I don't know anybody but next time you'll get it at specs or else But I'm sure I paid much much more than I would have it that's right. They got it specs. Yeah No, go ahead. I don't want to step on here material So what so the billboard was bad? It was well, I didn't like I said it's not the most I've seen your picture I went to one of your Things yeah, I want to I want to see your thing and I have your picture and I saw the billboard and I just kind of had to look at your picture again to make sure Well, no, I'm not talking about whether it looked good my picture look good or not but did with the billboard effect ever was it a piece of mung Well, I guess Runa I don't want to say who shaking is had no, but Runa in the room here is that it's a piece of crap Well, it says bad mouth Don't you think maybe they need a new agency here in the station and who have your ad agency to handle our promotion? I mean between the contest of that the contest we did with the mail out, you know Yeah, I remember that we had a close look this station said I think probably in two years and Everybody went in the toilet and now these billboards That were drawn by a Gilbert I think Well listen, swearing no expense Well, I say I guess what the news they put bad mouth so what type of people are trying to get to listen to you? Do you speak? Yeah, basically that's what we want I feel right in look at you. Okay. Have a good one. Okay. Thanks, boy Thank you. Bye 1242 a WIO Do we got a mobile on the West Palm line? Hello? Hey, Neil welcome back. Thank you. But you're not the only thing that's back. Guess just what else is back The love bugs. Yeah, I know Man, I can't wait till Spencer gets in here Wednesday. My Corvette is so filthy because I'm But able to wash you know for two weeks and it's got love bugs and mong and just crap all over it I was almost ready to send away for some of that crap. They still on TV where they said the car on fire Oh, there's a fair the wall Yeah, he's right here. Hey, what's for you? Puts yeah, no no this bunch for you. Yeah, yeah Hey, you see now moving the few you know moving the last thing oh Which one the one Criminal justice no Kevin Pig no Kevin pig I think right what's the Simpsons? Right the bad these people talk. Oh Kevin bacon We've been put loose and it was in that one with the preacher. Oh is that movie? Yeah, preacher and the film No, no, no, don't forget it. He used to be on a guiding light Kevin bacon used to play Tim Tim Yeah, lead you live Yeah, hey, how about those coffee used to play poison pen What what do you say? I thought did you mention the cups yeah, that is it when does the season start? All right, I tell you one thing you mic for lucky could pitch to Bobby Boney air Redale be a hell of a season with it. He's only giving up three home runs to him in his last four advance But he still looks good anyway. That's all accounts We went out play well, but we look good. Yeah, oh when they play a double header Oh, do they have to the stand to make the people leave no No, that's why they hate double headers they used to do that they can't do that anymore Well, I know the cage do that when they you know like the hurt you well they need the money, you know They're really doing it too by the way, aren't they? Well, they do they win every day Are they doing good? They're like 42 and six I think they're right. Yeah, they're doing it Well, they should be an aisle Idaho pretty soon, man, right? And the world why no, they could be an idol or they could be an Omaha Nebraska for the college world series, which everyone? Yeah, like but yeah, where were the potatoes are yeah Where would ever stay that is I was then I think you ran out of material about three minutes ago, but it's been a great call Yeah, have a great day Nice talk to see you I'm doing a nail bunch yeah, you know the lady that did call in I heard that call she called in That day that you were following your speech and she didn't mention that you might be having a mild stroke I know I wasn't having it. I'd already had it. Well, what happened? Yeah, I mentioned that but that that's What's the name Rick kept saying that she never mentioned the word stroke? Well, you know the fun Yes, he did she did say that and the funny part of it was I came in here this that morning before Went on the year and I said to Melvin and I said to a couple other people in building I think I had a mild stroke in my sleep and they looked at me like Like I was not I didn't say stroke. Yes He said the word stroke he said TIA is a my wasn't it it was a stroke He did he did he say it's a form of a mild stroke okay? I'm sorry sir. You're right stroke this Have a great day, pal. No, wait one quick Thank you Where's the rest of your head on the sign by the Okotomi road and Palmetto expressway right under the bar of soap sealator Well, some of these people oh a monged on my shirt with that Well, they did they had you up and then they ripped your head off That's when they changed. Well, I think I'm gonna kick my teeth down my goddamn throat Okay, that's what they ripped my head off They're sending it to Alex here's a collect call from tanford let's go Hi, Neil, who's this? This is me. Did San Francisco welcome back meet? N-A-D me oh, me Yeah, everybody's me. Yeah, that's what I thought No, sir, not this kid I'm giving up everything for suckers I'm just staying home and eating my little chicken breast and that's it I understand how to film is on his way here That's what we understand he's on his way back with Tony Bennett Tony Alex Black cloud out here. Let's go brothers. Yeah, maybe that's him. Are you really in San Francisco? Yes, I am I'll be down. How's the how's it doing out there? It's the coal always giants aren't doing too good. Are they? I don't know I'm from there. I'm just out here on business. Oh, yeah, it's a lovely place How about that new hockey team we're in the what is that league now the Cocketing the global hockey league Miami is gonna have a hockey team Yeah, that's gonna play Prague and Budapest But it'd be great shouldn't be a problem. I'm gonna put a punch around now. Yeah. Well, we got a punch right here So if they're right what the other thing doing there by the way while these guys filled in you Why would you just get oh you're not back? I don't even know what I'm talking that you guys in San Francisco How was how does he know so much though in San Francisco? How long have you been out there? I have a spy How long have you been there since last night Oh, so you know what they're doing it well, no, they came in today because Management was afraid that I might come in and not feel up to doing a whole four hours, which was possible and these you know They were kind enough to come in and stand by what I want you know I think they're gonna get paid for it. I was down the streets so to speak last night And I was asking several people about Alex Benidai her groomers that he wasn't coming back and Almost to the person they said something like I'm going I'm not I am going I'm not and I think that loosely translated thing sucks canal work really We shouldn't cook a man kick a man went down right only in his teeth Well he turned my army on it. You're I'll tell you that he sure did really was wonderful He made a big impact here no question about it. He was going up a little low 25 to 54 is look out Yeah, yeah, is he coming back? No, this is history history and we'll never hear him on this radio What he's coming back? No, he's not he's not coming back Nick Should I cut about him and check yeah? Good luck to you sir have a good time out there But not too good 1247 the W he's not coming back Trust me He knows he's not coming back and he's put it on the story, you know Everybody in the building knows he's not coming back and nobody will say it because he doesn't know does he know it? Oh, I don't know nobody knows I Well, it's better than getting a certified letter. I guess like from QAM maybe they'll put him on mornings on QAM Those stand-up comics would do it in the morning when they in Erick Lambert. Well, how'd you like to wake up to the hair lady Anyway, it's 12 minutes till one and W I did look at that we got a line open in date and Palm Beach Two open seats. I need to take three hours all that big you know that big rush A lot of talk and the big two-multon fear a You know just you watch mark my words by two o'clock will be sitting here struggling talking to Joey And so you got it now your job is to keep him out of the studio before he before you're not here To do a lot of replay of what happened the last time. Oh, God if he comes in here Stirred's kissing again with that tongue and the whole hall. That's right. Remember that guys disgusting You're nauseating join a what do your wife slips in another room anyway Just try to find out what the hell is going on at so and I'm driving to work I have a show to do when I'm getting ticked off at you. Yeah, well too bad by the way you don't have a show to do 1252 No, it's just been confirmed. I don't want to say you just there was little notes looked under the door Somebody ran down the hallway somebody very short might have been Bob Mayer and that's it. He's out That's the rumor a confirmed rumor that Alex will be gone no longer with us Here's a mobile no mobile what is this Wild D very important mobile call Okay, sir you're on right now. Hey, Neil. How you doing welcome to Wild D remember us 610 on the AM dial Hi, you're the greatest thing that have happened radio. That's right, and listen to that a weekend I just want to inform you about some information with you You're still guys. You did a good job. Yeah, okay. They did an excellent job filling show, but they're okay and The only thing I didn't like is when they backed off of Alex when Alex asked him to back off Alex was ripping that and then they went back off when you got to understand they were just here filling in at the moment They realized that we're gonna get his job It were just here temporarily filling the breach and they were not in the position. This you know I'm sure it took them by surprise that the guy came in and went off the deep end Of course or tough call yeah So they can rip them now. Oh, yeah, oh, he'd have like poisons Rick called me at home the other day went on for like a half and I just put the phone down on the table I went out there by medication had a little a lunch Thank you for for any was the mother You're right. I'm telling everybody up back and now I won't turn the radio off at 2015 I'm gonna listen to them guys all right Excellent hey, I just want a call Billy the base player do spec. Okay. Thanks, Neil. Thank you. Welcome back What are we gonna do about these 25 to 54 numbers that went up and after you and drive boy Pretty amazing pretty me all the rest of us were taking a little dive there. He was making a little call Huh What does that mean shocking yeah You can play that again Daniel Yes, Neon so glad you're finally back. I tell you I really missed you. You know on in the day. Thank you and You know who else is back besides the bird that is is Bob Brady's back on days of our time Yeah, somebody called about that before oh I get that part that's okay, but You know it's really good to hear your voice on there and just keep well Thank you okay, have a nice one. Talk to you. Say hi to Doug and Julie. Yeah, bye. See you later 1254 at Wio D now what was it? Oh, I want to thank the people of Oram jewelers For this nice a cubs pin Wasn't that nice and after they get over 500 again. I'll wear it. No, it's a listen You know me. I'm not a front runner. They lose every game the rest of the year. I'm right there with Harry We're doing it all the way okay He's a little confused. Oh, there was a great fit again that they got rained out In the pregame show he was talking about Harry Wendelster. Oh, it's snowed out was it? It's snowed in Chicago last week And he was talking about the Harry Wendelster. It was the chief and up her of the crew who we didn't call again Of course, I don't think the umper calls the game before it starts anywhere. I think that's management Of the home team that has that call. I believe But anyway Harry was carrying on fears about you know if they're gonna play Let's play now. It's not that bad if they're not does it can't he make the decision to call it? I'm always plugging his umpiring school given free plugs. Don't go to was umpiring school Well 20 minutes later the phone rings in the press box and they say Harry Harry Wendelster wants to talk to you So he disappears and Steve Stone is you know filling the time. It's terminal. It's boring And Harry comes back and he says isn't that umpiring? They're just like everybody else you give them a thousand free plugs for their umpiring school And think they got it coming you just say one negative thing and right away They're all over your case and trying to intimidate you and carrying on like Mania. It was it was the funniest bed He was if he wasn't in the tank that day nobody ever has been okay Nobody ever has been anyway 12 fifth. He's a butt man all right. Here's a mobile and he was Hey Neil. How you doing? Pretty good first time call her long time list. Do anything better than that was the rain Delayed the night I think was the night before the night after when Bill Murray was on with Harry and it was just it was incredible He had Harry in stitches. Yes, sir. I like to welcome you back. Thank you point of reference the Examination that you took yeah As far as the stroke is concerned that's an ultrasound for your carotid arteries. Yeah, and for my heart too Well, that was an echocard you grant oh Okay, it was me well anyway there in full color in there you see your heart in the whole bit. It's really freaky You know it's interesting and then father doing it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah, you see it right on the screen and then with the arteries not only do you see it in color The blood going up into your brain but you hear it you hear you hear the sound right right That's the every now and then we would but I said I explained them they understood Well, we don't have anything to do this afternoon. Let's yeah go over and have one No, I didn't listen none of the tests. I took father. Maybe that's the EK the Cats get with the iodine Yeah That's a little bit Huh An ausious man and you can feel it going my wife parts everybody which I can't mention on here But it goes all the way down there and up for here and yeah, no my wife does that for a living What's in has those tests on her oh really she gives her or you're just with the iodine I say this she's missing them yeah all of those things. Yeah, no, what are you actually? You x-ray tech yes or go ahead pain. Oh attention this man. No, I I understand I was listening he's on a power trip now. He's looking for everybody's job Why do you want to start sir? I've got a weekend opening for you No problem. I was out to one Saturday No, no my line of work is ultrasound that's why I called you in because I remember a week ago when that nurse called him yeah And then she didn't make a point and she was I I thought so I thought what I had a stroke I thought that you had a stroke I Does the symptoms that you were describing am I speak to it when you could hear my speech that's correct You know it was arm was a real limp not just the wrist but the whole arm and it was you know Frightening that's actually I wish it the best meal and what do you mean that's excellent why do you now You know you said that too. You do know you made a miraculous recovery, you know Was that because everybody who I've talked to with many strokes the common thread has been six months six months just hang on sir yeah six months yes I like air so good all of a sudden you know I think I might have to go home. Okay. We're here. Yeah What's gonna happen the way? Well listen thanks a lot sir. Okay, Neil See ya Okay, well, that's that's it what was that was that the mobile or am I losing my mind? He was mobile and saw like it did Yeah, he was yeah, it's not like it. Yeah, here's a mirror mar Yo, Neil yeah, well come back man. Well, thank you, man. Hey, I tell you something. He's awesome. Well, I'm sorry That's the Rob I'll item. I'm confused. Hello. Yeah. You know my own here it I wouldn't need no yeah You're with Neil. You're with Neil. And he like with child Okay Welcome back man. Thank you, sir. I want to have a I want to give Rick and support of middle for the good work that perform They were tremendous right that's a little bit too good. That's what Alex said. Yeah, they get rid of this come You want here. Hey, many more. I know I call Rick to tell him that I'm such a One here. The hairlady anymore sir. Yeah, no more Eric Lambert. I got for that. Hey, Neil Hey, we can't put a stand out of this thing. You know put stand but I put stand back in that talk black. Oh Yeah, you just lost all your favorite working punts no Just like this one you're number one they said you're number one in Miramar Okay, but I want to see my pile stand up there. Okay. Hey, well, he is up there All right, I'll be right get sit down here. He'll be with us all right. Well, you die until the my glad they get rid of that boy There yeah, okay boy. All right, I'll be later good. It's a better time What he called me boy first. I just want to clarify that. I'm not gonna let that go Okay, it's a no your good friend stand a light now. A little bit. Wow. What's he like him any hates us? Oh, what is it? Well, I like about this place man everybody loves each other. Oh, we do he hates you like All the failures anytime our name is mentioned that's all that's true. Well, so anyway, Debra Martinez has the The water clogged up. He lives in news. He's going out to the big time. He doesn't give a crap about any of us now She's a superstar and we'll come back with our big one of two hour Then it's too o'clock. We're gonna have a drung. We'll pick one out of a hand