Please, stay. Come to Ion. Come to Ion. When I feel you, I'm falling alive, So why am I? Covered with blood, Who is your favorite recipe? Never mind, Run, and you. And never mind, What the hell are you talking about? 1027, Wiod, and I see all those mobiles that you've been putting on here. I'm not going to fall into that trap. I'm going to say what I have to say. I'm not landing lady was different, because she's a person. As opposed to some of these other people are just going to go. You know, for like 40 times. See that, and that's just, you really have to wonder. Not just him, but he's one of the worst, but they're like a whole bunch of people out there. Like I was listening yesterday afternoon. Here are people making barnyard stop. You know, and some of that is funny, okay? But it gets to the point where you got little pinaads who haven't got an original idea in their mind. And so they hear you do something they start like feeding it back to. You know, like, ah, Jesus, we got the thing turned the wrong way. It's just like an echo chamber. For example, they do, and you, like that. And it's just, like, a whole day of that. I'm just not interested, okay? Even my dogs are embarrassed by that. So I think that the similar along the line there has to be like I said a happy meeting. I can remember when I went to a daytime's on I and Z. I did a couple of months. We had a four-year with the old boring crap, okay? Not bad, not great demographics, but that was on a stage that they used to do once in two, in midday with no spots. Then in a second book in a winter book, long before there was any birdie by the way, Melvin, I just mentioned that in passing. We had a seven. And that's when all the hell and they'll stuff started. And I eliminated all the guests. And we weren't doing that. And we weren't trying to be, you know, as grotesque as we could be. But the bottom line was we're having a good time. We're doing a lighter show and have a good time. But talking to people over the age of 10. And it worked great. But that's where the happy meeting lies. Not going back to doing Jason Polis and the orphan, the Pope excrement yelling about to, you know, he's got a homosexual and this madlittle here, a douche bag. That's, I don't think I could ever go back to doing that. I, maybe, for survival, I might, but I don't think I could handle it. Because I've done it so many times before. And, you know, one good thing, I mean, if you can only do one thing, then you're in trouble. Okay. Like more downing. He tried that other stupid choice. That's still on anymore, by the way, on that NBC thing. It is. Nobody knows about it. There's a best nobody talks about it. Because basically that's a stick now. It's like going on in Chainsmok and cigarettes on a year and being a slime ball. And it ran its course. And he was hot as a pistol and made millions of dollars. And it like, bingo. Like overnight, it died. So when you're one dimension, you got a problem. Luckily, there are other things I can do. I can't remember what the other ones are, but I'm working on it. But, um, in this seriously, like, Joey's a good example, okay? Joey's a disjocky who's trying to be a talk show host. He's not cutting it. I mean, this station's got a one nine on the weekend. You know what kind of a number that is on the weekend? Big, major market, huge enormous, uh, conks broadcasting, W.I.O.D. And, you know, and everybody's going to sit back. Well, I went to Dolphins, come back. Well, that's the problem. That's always been the problem. The Dolphins only play for a few months out of the year. And those Dolphins list is man. I mean, God bless him. You know, we love the money and all of that. But they're sure gone like a flash. Once football seasons over, you can see it right here in the trends. They're gone, man. They disappear like, like the invisible man, like Ray Maland. So you have to have something more than that. I don't know. I'm just rambling on because I'm thinking out loud like I said, but I can assure you that I'm not going to listen to you, uh, 40 times a day and expect mature thinking people. I mean, see, you can still, there's may come as a shock, but you can have a brain in your head and still have a great sense of humor. You don't have to be some kind of a mindless pinhead to have a sense of humor. Or think that something is fun, you know? I mean, I think that's funny, but I'm not some kind of a mindless moron. And that's the problem. But load. Uh, let's see. We got a mobile. Are they still there? Hello. You're still there. Yes. Why these people are spending the money like crazy. I should get a cut. Yes? Um, you talk about the ratings. How do they do? Who listens to what? Anyway. They take it out of a hat. Um, mobile and, what is this Miami? Hello. Yeah. I just want to tell you how to listen to you for many years and you sound fantastic today. I hope you're moving in the direction that you sound like you are. Yeah. I want to go back to being adult and stuff. Uh, you know, I'm not that I've been trying to be anything else, but I'm being perceived as something by a certain element of listeners and they basically take it over the show. And it's going into crapper and I'm not going to let that happen. I mean, a lot of people are just sit back until they've drowned. You know, and I'm not going to wait that long. I've been waiting for the day for that. And I, I knew you were going to come around to it. You don't fantastic today. Thank you. Keep it up. Okay. Thank you very much. Now, see, there's a guy done in the old guy. I mean, I don't want to talk. I don't want to go back to that because everything that I've said about the senior citizen population in this community is true. About 70% of them are disgusting, hateful, miserable, rotten, horrendous, nasty, vicious, filthy bastards. Okay. There's about maybe 30, I'll be generous, 30, 40% who are nice people. Who still have a sense of humor, who are the hateful who are bigoted, who don't want to share their misery with everybody else? But about 60, 70% are the other kind. How long? No, you such a bastard. You know, I don't want to go back to talking to them. I don't think anybody in their right mind would want to do that. Unless you're locked in a straight check and you don't have a choice. But there's a happy medium somewhere in between, like Mickey Dane. She's out of work. Maybe we bring her back. Call her the happy medium. Who's with a B? Oh, what's in your hair? Is it a bonnet? Is it a new spegg? What's in your hair? Oh, man. I could do a monologue for hours and what this market has been. It is so, it's frustrating. It really is that I've never been able to get that out of my system. And like the other day, I don't expect a lot from people. I don't think I have unrealistic expectations. And like the people in my publics went out of the way. They didn't have to do that to give me that diet right so did the flavors. They had a chipton from four piercers somewhere. And they said it to sign for me because they know I'm an especial diet. That was nice. And there are a lot of nice people when we do the remotes. My God, it's amazing how many nice people show up and they bring your presence and they're friendly. And they're nice and they're legitimately nice people. But this town has got so many not so nice people. I'll give you a perfect example. I, as you know, well, some of you must know, I mean, I had a stroke. And I'm going to take medication for my blood pressure, my diabetes and so on. And so I spent a lot of money on prescription drugs. And I have been going for about the last. Now it's got to be two years now to the same pharmacy. I'm not going to say which one is same drugstore. And I get my prescription's refilled there. Now the pharmacist who is there like 90% of the time, like a couple of months ago. He said to me, do you work at WiodD? And I said, yeah, he was looking at the thing on the computer. And maybe the information said, I don't know, maybe I filled it out one time. And he said, and I said, yeah, I said, but not under this name. Because obviously my prescription's are in my real name, be helper. And he said, what do you do there? I said, well, I'm the orangers. He said, yeah, I thought I recognized your face. And ever since then, when I go in there, he looks at me with a blank look. And again, I'm not expecting him to give me a discount. I mean, God forbid, I mean, there's no way you can do that or any special treatment. But it's just the idea that I spend a lot of money there. So even if I was just Mr. Smith from up to street, and I was a regular customer, you'd expect He'd say, hi, Mr. Smith, how are you doing? People here don't do that. One of my neighbors, no matter how many times I move, my people in my neighborhood, 99% of them are wonderful. You drive by, they wave, they smile, they're friendly, they're happy because we're like in paradise. But one of my neighbors, I'm not going to say which one, is the grumpyest. And not an old guy, a young guy. And I'll see him and I'll say, hey, how you doing? Like he's constipated or something. And it's just part of the syndrome in his town. And it's depressing, right Spencer? Sir, you're right. The other thing you see is... Oh, man, you're right Spencer, as long as you get that 10 bucks right? Spencer, let me $50, come on. Look at that, he's reaching his pocket. You would do it, wouldn't you, Spencer? You never see my ass again. I'll tell you that. Yeah, well, I'll see you for you to say. Thank you, Spencer. You do a good job. Good job, man. You know, I'm going on vacation. I won't see you for a couple of weeks. What do I leave in a Friday? And I'm leaving on the floor. And you're leaving on the floor. So I won't see you for a long time. I will have a good time, Spencer. You're a wonderful gentleman. Don't shake my hands so hard. I haven't been well. Okay, 1036 is WIOD. Let's do a little break. I feel like Bob Lanceter here today, with a really depressing monologue. I'm going to be a great one. But it's good to get out of your system. It's like taking your gigantic animal. Let's do a little break here. We'll be right back. A couple of other interesting things I heard yesterday. First of all, there was another caller talking to Rick and a slut. And he was talking about something about the caller is the nutty callers. And they were talking back and forth. He said, yeah, when you know, of course, without them, you wouldn't have a show. And I thought, well, that is sad. That's sad. It's like, it takes me back to the days of the lightning run. The lightning run was fun. It's something that I just, it happened that evolved. It developed. And it was fun for a few weeks. And I went out vacation. I want to blame somebody who's not here to defend himself. Now, namely the bird because he's got a lot of fans in this building. But I came back from vacation and he had all outed to get to the pinnage and taken it over and it turned into like a pornographic 15 minutes. And it was out of control. And you couldn't control it anymore. So we killed it, you know. And that's what had all speaking of the bird. Look at that facts. Look at that. I can't believe it. Wait till you see this. It's a picture of the bird with a cub's calf and a cub's emblem on his sleeve. Look at that. Maybe he could pitch tonight. That is beautiful. Anyway, and then the other thing I heard was a young Cuban caller who said that his father had gotten a diary from Arbitron a couple of weeks ago. And he filled it out and put down all these Cuban stations. He Spanish language like Corradiomambi and Cubietsa. And he never listens to the radio. And see, that's another problem that we have in this market probably more than any market in the country. Because we still have this enormous number of people who think they're like on, on leave. And are just waiting to go back home. And so their loyalty is still directed in that anti-caster hysterical or a communist or a communist or something. And you got to understand that the ratings for this market are not just for Dave County or Miami. It's Miami, Fort Lauderdale and Hollywood. It's all of Dave and all of Broward County. That's over 3 million people. And when radio, Mambi, can be the number one station in this market. It has to tell you that there is something very, very wrong going on in this market. There's a lot of bogus, diary filling out that is taking place. And you can't fight it. You just can't, there's no way to combat it because it's a fervor, it's an obsession. The likes of which you're never going to encounter in anything else. I mean, it's like, hey, this is my loyalty and I'm voting. It's like a casting. Well, and one thing I was curious about that young guy who called him, how come he didn't also fill out a diary. Because there was no indication. I could have been misreading him. But from what I gathered from the call, there was nothing to indicate that he ever got one. So maybe Daddy also filled that one in for him and put down radio, Mambi or QBA or I, see whatever was because every family that gets called by our Bertrand, every member of the household gets a diary. So that gives you an idea of what English language, especially AM radio stations are up against in this market. That's not an excuse, but I'm just adding that component into the dilemma. Calls, brings. Hi. Are you doing great? Well, I've been listening for you for ten years. And I'm really glad you, which you had to say this morning, because I was getting like a little bored with douchebag. Oh, now little bored. Well, more than a little. You know what's happening is that at least on the phone. I'm not so sure about the listening audience, but at least on the phone. And that's what the listeners here. We've been dealing for the last few months now with people who have such a limited repertoire that basically that's all it can do. And they might try to say something else just as kind of a lead in because they're so embarrassed that that's really the only person that that's really the only purpose they called. And then after about 15 seconds, well, can I call a joy and do you play? And that's, and that's their, that's their whole act. That's all they've got. They have nothing to say. I know. It's kind of like the really don't call up to say anything. Right. And I'll be honest with you. I wouldn't listen to that either. I really wouldn't. Yeah. I think that there's a 10, 10, very. A middle ground that you can get to, that would be fine. You don't have to have Reverend Emma inner any of these kinds of people. But I think you do a lot better. And it'd be more interesting listening. Yeah. But my personal point of view. I think about the guest is tough in this market. I've always said that because there's such a limited number of interesting people in this town. And that's why like this morning I'm flipping around on the dial and Al had on Dr. Jan Bello is the veterinarian. Oh, no. Dr. Bello. He may be a wonderful veterinarian. Wonderful guy. But he has horded the air waves in this town for so many years. He's been on every show 10,000 times. I know. And that's just ain't going to happen on this show. No. Well, I'm really glad here. And I think I think you'll do better because I think you'll get back a lot of listeners. Yeah, a lot of people who have an IQ over three. Yeah, and better call it also. Yeah. Okay. Have a good time on your vacation. Thanks. Bye-bye. I wouldn't that interesting. I should ask her. But I bet you she hasn't called this show in a long time because I don't recognize her voice. She's been listening for a long time. And that says something. It says something right there. Because all of a sudden, just like the not slanting lady called today, I'm not saying I'm going to talk to all women or all people who sound like pseudo-electuals. But God, there's got to be something better in this market than, um, douchebag. Exactly. I could have said it better myself. Lantana. Yeah. It's just going to save. Like the not landing lady. She's like pleasant to talk to, you know. Exactly. Where the chronic college was nothing to say sort of, kill the show. And I feel that maybe the way that they rate your performance bodies, uh, I bet Sean ratings is kind of a unsophisticated way of doing it. Well, that's what we have to live by. You know, you can't make excuses forever. I mean, if it's just one trend or one book that's something, but you've got to be a dummy if it goes on for months and months and months and you're going in one direction, you've got to be pretty stupid, not to understand if there's a problem there. And then of course, there's like a fallout that takes over the whole station. Yeah, but now they rate your job according to these rates. No, they don't rate my job. I have a con. I'm going to be here a long time. They don't rate my job. Okay, but you know, it's your way. I could just come in every day and just go do Spag for the next year and a half. But it just isn't fulfilling. It's just not enjoyable. I mean, I don't care how much you get paid. And I make a lot of money. But if you're not enjoying what you're doing, it's a hassle. Yeah, but say you're rating fall after your contract is up. And they won't renew your contract, right? But you know, I'm not one of those paranoid people to worry about getting a job. I haven't been out of a job in a very long time. Right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, you have a good vacation. Let's get talks to you. Thanks. All right. 1046 at WIOD. And as I said before, because I know they're listening and Rick and Putz, your great guys, and I don't want you to change anything. And play all the cards you want have a great time. And then after you drive what you're doing is great. You're going to have a giant number. I really believe that. But I just personally need to move a little bit into a more adult direction. Okay, because I can't deal with, um, 24 hours a day. Kendall. Good morning, how are you? Okay. Hope you have a nice vacation. Since you get off, you can relax a little bit and enjoy yourself. Yeah. Yeah. I feel great. I just want to make a comment about what's going on. It's thick and span. They were doing something other day about blocking out certain phone numbers. If people can't call in. Mm-hmm. And he's at a policy of the station or is it just, um, they're, they're policy. I'm not sure what you're talking about. I mean, I know we have called blocking and all that other stuff here. I'll be very honest. It's very ineffective because people that really want to go to great lengths to crank the show. They'll call from mobile phone, which you can't block or they'll go someplace. I mean, you know, they're always going to be happy to have more ons out there. We're going to do that. I don't know in the content. I didn't hear that part of the show. Yeah, some guys are at the column and he had to go next door to call him because he's the operating witness that called go through to WIOD or something like that. Yeah. I just felt that that was the type of situation that you number one. I feel that they can't deal. They're certain individual on that program can't deal with the callers that are either. Uh, you know, they're, they're, they're, they're, Well, not, but now you see now you want to start taking shots at them and I don't want to do that. No, it's not a shot. Guys. Well, I will grant you that Rick is an emotional guy. He denies it but he's a very explosive emotional person. And I don't know. I have an onum that long. So I don't know how much is for real and how much is put on. But I think that he can, you know, if you're looking across, I'd you could set him off easily. Which is, you know, which is an all bad. But I mean, that's just his personality. Well, you know, I've always listened to WIOD and even a lot of people don't like, I didn't like Steve Kane. There's a couple of programs he did that was really, you know, Well, I'm going to say it again. I do not like Steve. I don't hate him. But I mean, he's just a hard guy to like. Okay. And when we work together here, I tried to like him. We got along. Okay. But he's just a hard guy to like because he's so full of himself and so fully ego. But nonetheless, you know, the proof is into putting and we had a winning combination here and things were going great. And now it's been all top C. T. And it's like starting all over again. And I'm sure they're going to do fine in the afternoon. I'm not suggesting for a minute that Steve's coming back because he's not. But I'm just I'm just not going to caught up in the assess pool. I'm not going to go down the tubes with the 12 year old do spags. Well, I just feel like Rick and Lake Nupple a little bit. The other callers want to tell him that. So don't tell me that. Tell him that because he won't take it. He'll like fall off the couch or something. Well, then, but so why is your telling me that going to affect him? Well, hopefully he's listening in the other one. I know he's right. But he's all in now. You're giving him an hour of material. So now he'll attack you. Which is probably good. Okay. Have a good day. Okay. 10.49. I'll be honest with it. Okay. And that guy was a little. He was okay. He had a point in these in title. It's America. But even these people we talked too so far. This is like a breath of fresh air. And just as I said, that made came in. Oh, geez. Shameless. So far. I don't understand how you have time to be here quite frankly. With a agenda like that, I have no idea how you've got the spirit time to be in the building. Anyway, if you don't have time to run out for lunch, if you'd like to have a delicious Chinese meal, delivered right to your door to your home or office in the date county. Well, Tom Jick is here just briefly on his way over to interview Penny Daniels. No, who are you going to go see? I'm going to see the head man. This is a matter of fact. Really? Yeah. The head man? Yeah. Unbelievable. Right. The head of the head shrinker. And what is he going to tell you? I don't know. That's why I'm going over to talk. Just see what's going on. So much been going on. About the yellow journalism and how they just flagulate the news and get the public crazy and the sensation. I think this is going to be a toning down there too. That's what I'm sensing. That's one of the reasons. So some of Sally's batteries away. I don't know if that's true. I'm not going to get that. I've got to go over there. I know. Well, it's good to see you, Tom. Tom Jick. Of course, is a racon tour. You don't have the trends yet? No. I didn't see that. Well, we're not going to give him to you this time. Got it. When I didn't get him. I figured that was. Of course he built Tanner. By the way, that's another shame was slime ball. He called me yesterday. The numbers came out yesterday. And he was on a hotline at 1040. The numbers came in at 1030. And we were having trouble with our machine as usual. And as soon as I saw his name was on a thing that I went down and they went up. That's the only time he will call me. Yeah. Is when they have a good trend and we go into Krapher. Well, it was trends. It's so dicey. Anyway, it was where the books fall and you don't know how many books were out. You know, some of them are like boy Gary now. Well, that's a part of it. Now you're right. That's a part of it. But you have to be able to read the handwriting on a wall. Well, I mean, one of the things every time you talk about the trends, people call me up and say, well, how come you don't have the ratings? You always have the ratings. These are not the ratings. These are the trends. One of the reasons I don't report on them is because I really don't think that that meaning phone until you get the whole three months book. Yeah. And that's why they call them trends in that books. I'm just trying to make you feel better when you're on the case. I don't feel like I really don't know. I'm not going to be a counter. I'm going to be her long time. But I just wanted to, when you're not enjoying it anymore, you have to realize that there's a reason. And when you're talking to like 60 people who are making barnyard sounds, it's not fun. I mean, I guess if I was 12 years old, I'd be happy as a pig and sloppy. But that's not where I'm coming from. Yeah, the guy who calls every 15 minutes. Yeah, like a horse. Yeah. Well, he's one of them. I mean, there are others, but he stands out like that. I didn't know what he was doing. A horse, a cousin, Bruce. He's doing Johnny Dark. Combination, Johnny Dark, and cousin, Bruce. Is that a better wing? Yeah. Well, I mean, I don't want to say these are not happy days at the few. Well, you said it before. That's kind of what was good. It was true. Well, that's kind of why I said it. I mean, things weren't going well. I don't think he's anything else. But you notice the log still looks pretty full here. I see the fun. All the lines are lit. Well, that's all accounts. Yeah. Well, it certainly allows me to be good to see how all my friends next door channel 7 because I was talking before too about the fact that this is not the friendly as town in the world. Yeah. And then no matter where you move, you always find like one or two grumpy neighbors. And over there next door, that's going to be one of the unfriendly places a channel 7. Since I've been talking about that on the other, there are a couple of people there like way, like sheepishly, but they're in a world of their own. Those TV people. I think a lot of them probably, I don't even aware who you are of what you are. I mean, how many of them really know you? How many of them do you really recognize? No, but when you see that guy of a line. That's not the point. There are people in this building out of them who they are or what they do. But I see my read-and-say, hey, guy, you're doing it. Yeah, just because you see somebody, really. It's just common exactly. There's there's our guidebook for a WIOD. So who's in charge? Yeah. We're in areas taking that home to read it and see if he can find an answer because he's got a lot of questions too, but that will be all right. Yeah, well, that's why I'm here. I was talking to an area too. I'm going to be doing something on his out of nursery coming out. Was CD pressed? No, he's in a good mood. Yeah, why Shendee Bay? He's out of a sea. He was smart. He signed for three more years while you know. Yeah, I was good. He's out of well over the years. I have the all right. Well, Tom, it's wonderful seeing your smiling face. I'm leaving on Friday and I'll be thinking a lot about this play. Well, I passed one. I guess I'm going, I'm heading out to LA in two weeks. So I probably want to see it for a while. And then when I get back, I'm going to my usual Saratoga joint. So I guess I want to see it till the fall and enjoy your life. It might be. Oh, come on. I'm serious. Well, I'm, you'll be back the first week in July, right? Yeah. I'll be gone by then. I'm not getting back until the end of July. And then I'll be back for only about a week and a half. And then I'm going up to North again. On vacation. That time. First time's work. Well, I think it's a life. Yeah, it's going to be a Saratoga. That's a rough piece. Well, that's my vacation. I understand. I know. I'm in Australia. A lot of time. Like you and Hank. And so we'll go anybody but the buckles. That's my new expression. I'll even imagine. I turned around. Yeah. Well, you know, I, I, yesterday I took back everything I've said. Because we're getting some of these smart ass pirate fans calling in their worst than even the worst of the met fans. And they like, hey, it's wrapped up man. So over there. I got 160 to get a news for them. We aren't even the halfway point. Yeah. And they're fooling like an accordion right now. We don't see Chuck Meyer in the building. They will understand that the ghost of Gino Somoli came back to life. Well, once the met was out hitting, I mean, with that pitching they've got as long as they start hitting. Yeah, if I want to look at the other night. Yeah, well, I think you had the right to say. Don't start counting your land off the journey. Yeah, sure. But you know, I'm not going to do it because we're too far back. Oh, and they're a deadious devastate of our injury. Yeah, you know, a pitch and staff. But you got Montreal, which I'll be on it. They don't have the talent. How much talent does it take? You've got a bunch of people playing over there. Montréal, even the Phillies, which are pitching shaky and Pittsburgh and whom I leave in the match. You have four teams that will all go to shot. Anybody but the comes in the cardinals? I just, the pirates are playing well. They have a good everyday line up. I don't know if the pitch can go all the way. But I can't imagine anyone else, but the pirates finishing ahead of the match. Just on sheer talent. I mean, the, the expose of two young. They just lost that guy. He's going to be rookie of the year. Yeah, he's going to be after that six weeks. And the Phillies just, a bad club playing over there. He had plenty diastro wine to fit none to 300 before the season's over. He was over four again. Like I said, go anybody but the buck goes in and then. Right. Okay. Well, let's just see. Enjoy your vacation. You know. Enjoy your present for my stereotyping. Yeah, I'll work on it. Okay. Say how to penny two when you go by. She's a big fan of mine. Okay. There he goes. Tom Jick is a radio TV guy from the Sun Sentinel. And I actually got my newspaper this morning without any water in it, which was nice. Anyway, Henry Burrow it. What was that? What are you clapping about for Tom? What, what does that mean? When you get out of here, you just such a mindless slime ball. Henry Burrow has got the 11 o'clock all the way. They were enslaved in Egypt, massacred in Germany, and made one of in Miami. Now, they're here live for one night only. Two live Jews. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We were posting up some big offices piece for you, please. When in Washington, Grimble said, hey, you, we vaguely see. They dragged them for the way. They thought it was a mess. That he were you to Jews ago, and they'll be plenty of blocks. Two live Jews. Catch the tour before they get caught. Two live Jews. Tickets available at all belly counters and houtick from masser locations. Another comfort, Trace in Cap Productions. The amazing part of this, everything that's going on at this town, which ties right in with what I'm talking about today with all these mindless pinheads, is that you can practically hear the boots marching outside your door. And if you have the audacity, you go on here and say anything about it, you can all these jackasses calling it, oh, gee, you're taking away from my playtime. You know, like little kids in a sandbox, it's embarrassing, isn't it? It's pathetic. W-I-O-D. Like I said, 11-O-7-a-W-I-O-D. We have one open line. It's in Broward, 5-2-4, 9-463, 5-2-4, W-I-O-D, Boka. Neah, how you doing? Well, it sounds like, I feel like I missed the border. I'm a little bit in the dark. It sounds like you made some sort of announcement this morning about a format change or something like that. Well, yeah, I mean, I can't keep repeating this throughout the entire show. I know not everybody too is in a clock. Yeah. But I just, not a format change, but I'm just going to want to come back from vacation, try to talk to people over the age of 10, who have an IQ of more than people who are capable of saying more than just, you know, more than just that. And it's killing me, it's killing the show, it's hurting the station, it's hurting all of the shows. I mean, I'm not taking a blame for the decline in the audience at all station, but I'm just saying that the succession of this little pinheads calling in, making Barnyard noises isn't a powerful to this radio station. Yeah, no, but, okay, it's the original. I called in to notify what was on Sally's leavey today. Did you just unbelievable it? On one. On Sally Chessie? Yeah. On multiple amputees and kids, you know, we saw it. Oh, yeah. Well, it's a freak show. That's all, and I tried to tell one of the guys that was on a show a few months ago, who got all bent out of shape because of something that I said on the air. I said, all she's doing is exploiting you people. She doesn't have any sympathy. I mean, just look at the different shows she does every day with a fat people away over 2,000 after bringing in with a crane and dropping through the roof. And that's how long you think that's going to last? Yeah. As long as I am mutants and freaks and all of these are people out there, she's in business to want that tries up she's had. Yeah, once she's had every kind of freak on the air or every kind of poor soul who looks bizarre, that's going to be it. So you take a request? Oh, yes, sir, I'm here. Yeah. I don't know if I missed that if you're not that this one. I was dying to hear my favorite thing. It isn't actually a card. It's, I guess it's a bit the same. Oh, no, no, not the douchebag thing. We're a guy calls it and like berates the bird and the bird just stands at helpless. We're in a guy goes, I can't stand it. You're so stupid say something, play something. Just, what do you just do the whole cards, August? Now we don't have to play it. 1109 and Wild, we have one of, well, the knee just did the whole thing. Just about an open line in Boko, 278, the pression and Palm Beach, 655 Wild. Now the only thing that disturbed me a little bit, the not slanting ladies a great person we love her, but she said, well, I'm sorry. I caught you on a down day or something like that. It's not a down day at all. And that really bugs me when people do the, oh, you saw like you're upset today. Can't I come on and honestly express the way I feel and have like an intelligent conversation without people assuming that I'm in a bad mood or I'm better a shape or a Mr. Grump? I don't understand that it's so, it's so, it's so, so, so, so, so, so exactly. Mobile and for Lauderdale. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. I'm going to, I'm actually looking forward now to you, go to the occasion of seeing it back and we can hear a better show it. Yeah. Well, I'm not complaining about your show. I enjoy it, but you're right about what's been happening. And I got to believe, yeah, it'd be a moron not to hear it. Yeah, I don't have a way, Lee. And it's, you know, I got to believe I was going to say that the majority of people who really listened to your show year after year after year, don't call you a lot. Yeah. So I like to listen to the show, they like to enjoy it sometimes they get a little sick of some of the morons that are calling in. But a lot of us are, you know, like I'm, I'm in my 40s. And I'm working most of the time I came for you. I said, both of the time. I mean, in the work I'm doing, I don't have the time to pick up the phone and call, whereas a lot of the people are calling here. So I'm sitting around with nothing better to do than make trouble somewhere. Yeah. I don't want to spend the rest of my life doing pretty best in radio, you know? Have a great day, pal. Good too, bud. Neal's right. I suck 11 15 at Wild. We've got a couple of open lines now. One in date, one in Broward, Palm Beach. Well, I think we're like sitting out. Well, it's definitely going to be a process that's going to take place there. But that's okay, because I can do these things. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. But that's okay, because I can do these depressing monologues again for the next couple of months. Here's a lady in Fort Lottodale, hello. Hello, Neal. Hi. Hi, Dylan. Okay. I have a good day. This is Amy from Tennessee. I caught a couple of weeks ago. Hi, Amy. How are you doing? Pretty good, you. Great. Good. Let me just say one thing. You're so great. I thoroughly enjoyed it. But one thing about your depressing people that you speak of. One thing that's wrong with them is that they're so depressed. I think that they want everyone else to be in the same situation as they are. So that everyone's unhappy. You know? Right. Right. So let me ask you something. You know what to do about Macon Island? Do I know much about it? No, I never been there. Do you ever been there? No. Someone said he had. Well, someone not told a fit. I lived in Michigan for 12 years, but I was never in Macon Island. No. Is it a nice place to think of? Is it a nice place and compared to what is compared to here? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Is it? Any place? What's cooler? Cooler, nicer, nice friendly people. Younger, alive. Good. In the summertime. Why are you going there? Yeah, in a couple of weeks. Great. We'll have a good time, Amy. I will. Listen to you. Keep up the good work. And don't get depressed now. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning. How are you, sir? Breathe. I just wanted to call and make a few comments if I could. Please, sir. Yes, sir. My been listening to you since the days of data. And this is the first time I called you. I'm a convert to AM when you brought me over to AM. And I just wanted to say, agree with you. 100% on your change. You're going to be making. And I'm really looking forward to it. I go back to the days when you, the Super Bowl riots and when I tuned into your show. And I just want to tell you that I thought that was the best show you've done since you've been on IOD. I think you're great. And I'm looking forward to it. Well, I appreciate it. You know, there are times when you have something to say. And you, you know, with this audience or at least a part of it, the people that have taken a show is over. You feel guilty saying it because it's almost like you have an obligation to entertain them by playing the same six cards that they want to hear it day after day after day after day. That's another part of it too. We have like thousands of cards back here. There's a lot of funny material. And yet based on the colors to these shows, they're like four or five things. A Casey case and Ross did you and Wayne stop at about three or four others. And if it was up to them, we would just play the same six cards on the remote room. And we could just stay home. Right. I guess you'd only regret it if it's pathetic. But I tell you, I'm really looking forward to it. And I said, I'm 24 years old. I'm one of these young pay-mads to speak, but I just cannot wait for the change. I think that you're going to find something down the middle of the road where you're going to, like you said, you have a sense of humor. Okay. So it's not going to be a Steve Kane type thing. But I think you're going to make a lot of people happy out there. Okay. Okay. And thanks a lot, sir. Thanks for hearing from me. Bye-bye. I was in this amazing how these interesting people are coming out of the woodwork that we otherwise would not be hearing from because we'd be hearing. This bad. For four hours like we do almost every other. Okay. I heard Wayne stop. Please, please. Can I hear the one side? It's not interesting. It's not funny anymore. It's not amusing. It isn't, it's just it's garbage, man. Garbage. And starting this week, I discovered I'm not having a good time with this anymore. It's getting on my nerves. It's driving me nuts. It's embarrassing. And then the trends come out yesterday. And other well, it's all right there and black and white, right? And you know, these people in management, well, I can't find our audience. I grant you arbitran sting. Okay. I mean, are these wild fluctuations that show that they're sampling is, leaves a lot to be desired. But over a period of time, I mean, if you keep denying it forever, you're doomed to fail. Because that's where you have to go. Okay. And you can't just keep trying to force it down to public store forever. Because if they don't want it, they're not going to dare just go and someplace else, especially in a market like this where there's so many different things to choose from. Little Joey. How are you going, Neil? Okay, Joey. Well, son, great. And I had to agree with you. It was getting kind of boring. If you're getting ponderous. What do you think, older, wish you a good vacation? Thank you, Joey. How's the Rick, technical care him? I haven't seen her a couple of days, huh? That wasn't my question. Well, he's like, guess he's doing fine. Adalia. Yeah. Well, a lot of questions raised at that remote packet, spec last week, I've tried it out. A lot of people talking. A lot of people talking. And wondering. Well, he's pregnant, probably with his girlfriend. Yeah. Well, she's okay. She got it out of her system. Yeah, Joey, such as going to get pregnant over a month. Yeah, well, she's working on it, I understand. Yeah, right. And you're upset. No, I'm not. Yes, you are. I can hear it in your voice. Okay, well, I don't blame you. Okay. Well, I'll send Joey. Take care of yourself and I'll see you when I get back. Okay. Bye-bye. W-I-O-D. Can I talk to me, please? Hold on. Are you a mobile? I guess I am. Well, you're on right now, sir. That amazing? Oh, how are you doing, Neil? Great. No, I'm sorry, Mom. A couple of things. First of all, I hope you did your format change. A little bit would be great. I just see some data. And a little bit would be better. Okay, and I remember when you used to topics and you did a better thing. Oh, yeah. By far, even better than Steve, which is the sandwich. The next thing, how about those tigers? I can't give them credit. They're starting to come back to me. Are they doing it? I don't pay too much attention to the American League, but I do it. I don't know how the company do it. I think so. You should go to the American League for it. Malice and I stick with my team, you know, winner-loo. We want to gain last night, by the way. I know it's amazing. We want to do the one. This kid pitched a great game last night. The one I can't do was name, but which shows you what a super shadow is. Yeah, I don't know. It's a match. I don't know. Not amazing. I can't even come close to thinking of his name. Almost as in coherent as Harry is. Yeah. Well, anyway, keep up good work. I hope you have a good vacation. Thanks a lot. Yeah, what's his kids in hockey? A pitch two nights ago. He's pitching good. And in this other kid, they brought up his pitch in great. And I can't think of his name to save my life. I must be losing my mind. Isn't that embarrassing? Um. I haven't got any idea. That is embarrassing. Now I feel like I've lost it. Harry is lost at totally. He was so inquired last night. Dunston hit a line drive single to center field. And Harry said, there's a high drive. And he just like stopped. And then Sanbury hit a home run to win the game in the top of the ninth inning. That turned out to be the winning run. And he just lost it. Anyway, here's an idle blame. I'm the way things have been going. Here's a message from the Florida bankruptcy center. If you're up to your 1126 to WIO, Deha's a mobile in for wait a minute. We got a pig report. Is this for real? Hello. Hey, oh, yeah. I just got stopped at a roadblock. And Coral Gables, I thought you motorist might like to know about it. Okay. Now, Amber Circle just west of Louisiana. It's checking people's drive license. Oh, she's. But you know, we seem to have like an epidemic of this, don't we? Oh, you don't gotta do something to her. You're asking for your passport, too. Yeah. I guess I looked American enough. Okay. But as long as I got you in the phone, I got one controversy. If you got a minute. Yeah. There's a little known law on Florida books that prohibits anyone over 16 years old from wearing a mask on public property. Uh, lately I've noticed in several new TV news clips of police actions like prostitution, things, whatever. And I've seen a lot of police officers wearing masks. They probably don't know about the law. Really? But I must bust their asses. Well, you know, you make maybe there's an attorney listening who's calling confirm it, but the law was passed about 75 years ago to combat the KKK from marching in public. And I believe it still is on the book. So maybe somebody should pull them in. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. By the way, speaking of clowns with masks, I can't believe it, but I got to congratulate Senator Connie Mack. Who is one of my least favorite people. He's a real right winger. Did you see that? He came out yesterday and supported two live crew. And he said their music is garbage and it's trash, but that we cannot pick and choose what words we're going to censor because that's the foundation of the first amendment. And here's BDI Bob Graham, who of course is a real twit. And he's up at my own, you know, that free speech is nap salute. All that other crap. Bobby, you are still as embarrassing. I mean, if even Connie Mack who is this virulent right wing douchebag, if even he understands what freedom of speech means, how come Senator Bob is still such a jackass up there. He is so embarrassing that. How do we keep electing people like Bob Graham and Bob Martinez? Well, we give what we deserve, I guess. Poor Lodderdale. Well, yeah. I've been listening to you for quite some time. The first time I've ever called a radio station. I've enjoyed you. I've enjoyed some of the things you've done. But I can tell you, I can tell you my gut feeling is that you are a more intelligent person that a lot of people may realize. And I think you probably do very, very well discussion topics. Well, I did it for years. Sir, see, that's a lot of... Part of the problem is that a lot of the people who are listening last couple of years never heard the show when I used to do topics. Okay, I did that for like 12 years in this market. And had like 10 and 11 shares in that. I had enormous rate. The only problem is that when you do nighttime radio in this market, most of the listeners are over the age of 100. Well, I don't know if it should be too well because you think it would be a very intelligent person. Well, I am. I think brilliant would be. I appreciate your discussion. Okay. Brilliant. What am I doing here? I said, I appreciate the discussion with the debate something. You come from a very, very, I mean, you take a very good point to view. You're able to communicate. You're able to discuss. And I wish you very, very well with this. So I think you'll do very, very well. Well, I'm not saying I'm going to change the whole show upside down because I don't have the chance. So Armin is beginning some hysterical colors. I think we're going to do like 180 to return, which we're not. But I think is in the call or seem to agree that you can find a happy medium without turning the entire program over to a bunch of mindless simple ones who can only say douchebag and butt load. I net that's just not entertainment. I hope you really appreciate that. I wish you very, very well. Thanks a lot. Good luck. 1130. And I know that's going to disappoint some of those mindless slime balls who think, hey, man, we did it and turn on the radio. And here's somebody say douchebag for four hours. It's all it's still. Okay? I mean, put it on a tape. Exactly. Let's go to Oja, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm one of those woodwork people coming out of listen to you since probably the middle days of a Zeta and followed you through. I have an interesting story to tell you one day. Okay, now before you continue, just want to say one thing for the people who are in the audience who are listening. Okay? Yes. I'm going to give up the bits and you want to get straight to the point where you're going to do. All the way, I haven't heard you that much. So you made prove me wrong before. But if you listen to the voices of the people who have called during the first hour and a half of the show today is compared to the last couple of months, the average general, the simple and if you notice the difference. I have. It's like the people who normally don't call are coming out of the woodwork. Exactly. I've never called you before, but it's just seemed like the day to do it. I just want to get straight on exactly what you're going to do with the show. You want to get straight. Yeah, I can't help you with that. Okay. Because I know that's not going to happen to me. I don't know if I'm not going to make that many changes. So to speak, you're not going to be like, no, I mean, there's a lot of stuff that we can still play. It's not going to be a morbid depressing show. And I still have, you know, I would sense a humor and I enjoy the ACN stuff. But for example, I'm not going to play Duane Stomp eight thousand times. I've got a barbecue out back if you want to bring it over. Like a guy in the afternoon, the audience is the same thing them with throw your cat away. That's a funny bit a few times. I'm not very sure that you're going to be like, you know, you know, people want to hear it a hundred times a day. It's not funny anymore. And it's the same with anything else. No, I, I, I never heard you do talk, but every other a host that'll actually admit it and follow their pride said you were the best. And like last week when it was a bar on that part of the great show, you know, we had some kind of control. It wasn't a great show because the audience resistive it. See, because it was out of context. And I hadn't said, hey, well, let's, let's make a little bit of a turn and a road here. So it was like fighting, fighting, and then people are caught. People are calling it, oh my God, thank goodness you're not going to keep this up because for a minute, we thought you were going to get serious. What's wrong with being serious? One could a while. Why do you have to be some kind of a mindless simple thing? Well, I say it was a great show because at least there was something on the table. And we could still joke and have humor with it. That's, you know, that's like life is, you know, it's not all funny games all the time. I, well, when I left here, when I drove home that day, and I'm not saying this to be dramatic, but why I left here, I used to ask myself, how did the people in Europe ever let Hitler and the Nazis make it? No, seriously, how did they let it happen? And now it's very easy to see how. Really? Because people are wrapped up in their own superficial stupid little crap. And most people don't even make like a little allowance like they take 5% or 2% or even 1% of their existence and devoted to something meaningful. They're all in their own little selfish world. Oh, yes, exactly. From a majority of population seems to be like that nowadays. Now, I just wanted to get it clear, you know, we're not going to give it up completely. No, I'm sure not going to continue talking about it. But I'm not going to sit here and talk about the Simpsons, for example, or did it. Oh, crazy. Because I'm not interested in those things. I mean, if people out there love them more power-tuned because I'm all for free enterprise if people can make $50 million from it. Great, okay? Because there's a sucker-borne every minute. But I'm not going to sit here and pretend to care about it because I don't. And if the fact that I don't watch the Simpsons makes me less interesting to listen to some of the pennads, that's their problem. Let him listen to Debbie Ellis, okay? She's a big talent. Huge. Have a great day. Thank you, Neil. Bye-bye. 1133 on all Grumperateo, W.Y. I saw Boy Gary in there for just a minute, a couple of minutes ago. See, what's the story, Melvin? We put a word on the board that would describe his response. He listening? He's upset at you about... Oh, so in other words, he's not paying attention when I'm talking about it. Oh, that's good. Let's keep it that way. Let's go to a dear field on the forelaw. What is this? Dear field. Hello. Hi, Neil. I think what you're doing is great for one really main reason. You're the only intelligent liberal I've heard in this entire state in the past 20 years. Dude, can we still say the word liberal on the air? I know. Because I noticed we're still on the air. We're still on the air. Yeah, but look at when Connie Maccus is far from liberal as anything. And even he with his right wing credentials comes out the other day and says, Hey, this is wrong man. This is this judge Gonzalez is nuts and all his censorship has got to stop. And of course, that's what a real legitimate conservative is supposed to be all about. Less government, less government interference in our rights. That's what I was originally going to do. Man, what a breath or fresh air, huh? I couldn't believe it when I was talking to paper Connie Maccus. Of all people, I mean, I know he was pretty good baseball guy, but when I was looking at him. Very well made. His point was we can't start stepping on the first amendment. Yeah, who's that? Who's that? He starts picking and choosing what we can say and what we can read and what we can listen to because then he have what's called a dictator is what it sounds like. Is that a dictator on the article? I don't know who was attributed to, but someone claimed that some speech should be restricted. Who's going to tell us? That was Governor Bob. That was Governor Bob. I think the old huh? That makes a lot of sense. Well, I think the only speech to be restricted is when it's coming from Governor Bob's mouth. Were Bobby Graham, you know, BDI Bob? What are two Bobs? Well, I'm talking about Graham. Yeah, well, Governor Bob, he's in Graham Cracker. Well, that's what you expect in Florida, okay? The last governor we had in this state who was anywhere to the left of the eye at Toler was Lee Roy Collins and that's long, long time ago. Oh, they really surprised me. And how he ever got elected in this Yahoo state beats a hell out of me. I have no idea. Well, I hope that you keep on doing what you're doing and everything keeps going well for you. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, thanks a lot. Good time when you're vacation. Thanks. I'm glad. 1136 at Wild here on serious radio. Hey, actually listen to these voices man, whatever. You mean to say that he has no concept? Is that what you're telling me of anything that's good? Keep them occupied, okay? Keep them in there with his Simpson cuts. Anyway, all of them from the fresh veggies on a way to bring in the food. Now, I'm going to let everybody into building a pig out and I'm going to put some aside and take it home for lunch. I'm not going to eat it here on the air because I've discovered that if I eat on even a taking my pill and eating on the air, it sends my sugar up and I can't do that. But I am going to set aside and look at that. Just what timing that was incredible. How you doing? That was amazing. So what I'm going to do because I can see that the other people are going to win weight. I'll put some in some plates and take it home for lunch. Anyway, is there more? Oh my. Okay. So the fresh veggies here and I'm just going to have a little eggplant that I'm taking my salad home. And that's it. And the meantime, everybody else just to go nuts. Okay, and don't leave the good. Look at that beautiful fruit. There's blueberries and cherries and the stuff. Look at the size of the strawberries, man. Madonna would be jealous of those. And a great eggplant, which I can see is going to go very fast. I'm just alerting anybody into building. You might be listening. That's there's some great stuff in here. It's going to go real fast this time. And then, which this is like the chicken salad? See, oh, that's a Caesar. Great. A big, huge Caesar salad. And see, you're dressing and all kinds of great stuff. And we thank you very much. Look at Melvin jumping right in here. He's no, he's no fool. Fort Lauderdale. But yeah, put this. Miami. Hi there, Neil. How you doing? Is there any peppers there? I kind of miss you. Two in up those little peppers next to the microphone. Yeah, well, I'll start now when I come back. Spideger Digital. Two in in on Jay Michaels this morning. Well, now we're getting this some exciting radio. Just to hear, just to hear him say goodbye to Randy Martin. Oh, he dumping her over there. What? No, she's leaving there. They're not dumping her. She's getting out. Well, getting is good. Something better, I hope. Well, she's coming over here. Well, you said you didn't want to sidekick. She's just coming over first. I'm not coming over. No, I know I work alone. Believe me. I mean, maybe make a few changes on the show. But I won't say it. It should be that way. But no, she's going to come over to some fillings and maybe do some weekends. And who knows what? You know, we're warming her way in, which is fine. She's a nice, nice person. We'll push Joey right out. Well, you said that. Well, anyway, you know, he resistance from me. I'll guarantee that. Not to, not to wander too far from the subject. I think Bob should go back to dairy farming. Bob? Yeah, Governor Bob. Former Governor. Oh, Governor Bob, he had back to a Graham dairy road. And, well, he's a torque. He's a BDI torque. And there isn't any other state in the, even in North Carolina. They wouldn't like the torque like him, okay? Yeah, well, they're with the rest of the world. Thank you anyway, Mitch. No, you don't want to. Well, we got some food going on here. It gets a little hectic. Yeah, I can understand that. We're getting ready to break for lunch here. Uh, I hope everybody's going to remember the present governor when it comes time. Yeah, well, they will, sir. No freedom of choice or speech. We could run a Rick Elpo against him and he went hands down. Well, it's been fun. I'm out of material. Okay, sir. Have a great life. Let's not get too carried away here. Wiod. Yeah. Yeah. I have a Larry King's. Sorry for. Okay, hold on. Wiod. Uh, Neil. Hold on, man. Okay. Wiod. Yeah. Hi. Hold on. Okay. Well, the reason I'm doing this now is Melvin's in here getting his food. And he's got every right to do that briefly. Yes, how you doing? Yeah. Hi. I have a body weight. Can before we go on, can I just ask one dumb question? Now, yesterday I was listening in about three, 15. I was in my mother's house. There was this grotesque horrendous loud noise that came over the year. And it went on and on and on. And then a rather hysterical Chuck Meyer came on. And then a lot of people came back on again. And he was doing that tornado warning thing. Now, I've been in the business for 30 years. And we've had a lot of tornado watches and tornado warnings. And we've been through hurricanes and all kinds of stuff. And I have never heard the likes of whatever that was. And Rick made a good part when it came back on yesterday. If there's something new that's going on, it would be nice if we knew about it. Because I was seeing it in my mother's thinking, well, where is the bomb shelter? Because it's all over now. Are they dropping eight bombs on homestead? What the hell is going on? So, ever that there must be something new that's going on. And it would be nice if the people in the news department is somewhere with tell us about it. Because you're talking about the funnel cloud yesterday. Yeah, I didn't see her. Yeah, I thought. No one ran to wrap it everything. Yeah, but I mean, they went nuts. Uh-huh. Well, anyway. What you do to your arm? Did she break it? Yeah. I believe it. Go ahead. I guess. First, I haven't called you in so long because I'm really not very good at belching or making animal grunts. Yeah. And it's so good today to listen to really some intelligence. Isn't it? I'm glad it was. Well, I'm glad you want to think it's lucky I made the decision today instead of waiting three Four months because the people we're hearing from today include a human being gone and three or four. Oh, I tuned in late and Melvin really didn't give me any answer. What's going on? What do you mean? I mean, I said to him if there were change of format. You really know it though. I haven't discussed this with management because I stay away from them like poison. But I just have decided that, you know, we need to come back and start on this show. I, you know, Rick and Claude in the afternoon when they do is great, okay? Uh-huh. But eight hours a day of bed is too much. And I would much rather spend the rest of however many more years I'm going to be doing this. Talking to people who are least mature enough to say hello and goodbye and I just make animal sound. Oh, right. So that's what I'm going to do. And it's not, you know, it's not a hundred and eighty return. But I am. But the gentleman that called a while ago that said or like the woman I forgot, that said, people don't realize how intelligent I know you hate when people do this. You are. No, keep it up, Mom. Okay, darling. No, don't realize how intelligent you are. And I used to listen to you and I know why you quit it. I mean, I used to hear your blood pressure going up. No, no, no, no, no, it's not just blood pressure going up everything. Everything goes in cycles, okay? And just like this stuff, I was doing for the last three years. It was great for a while and it was exciting and a week different. And it's worn out. It really is. First of all, too many people have been trying to imitate it and they've burned it, burned it out and buried it into the ground and it's history. Okay, I understand that. There's bother me. You know, there could be a happy medium. Well, that's what worked going to find. That's great. That's really great. Actually, what I said at the beginning took the words right out of my thing. How do you think? A happy medium. Okay, that's great. I can't wait. Okay. Thanks, Neil. Thanks a lot, for my. Well, I'm going to tell you, we have a pig report, but not the kind that we've been hearing on the phone. Johnny Dark is in here with his eyeballs rolling around. Now, just try to control yourself because there are other hungry people in the building. You would like to have some of this great stuff from the fresh veggie up in the lighthouse point. Okay. I mean, like, get a little plate. Like a human being. Okay, instead of putting in your hands, get a paper plate would be a good star, Johnny. Wild. Hello, guys. Yeah, that's about your size. What? Excited facts, number. 7-5-7. Uh-huh. 7-5-1-6. All right, thanks. Well, wait a minute. Yeah. Isn't there something you're studying and want to tell me before you do that? No. No? Well, what are you sending me? A facts. That's going to say. I can't tell you to surprise. Well, but I mean, give me some idea. It has a party boy on it. Oh. Bart Simpson? Great. How old are you, buddy? Let's go to a West Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? All right. The first thing I want to say is, thank you. What? Well, we haven't done anything yet. I'm making a comeback from vacation. I don't have a whole different frame of mind. Of course you've done something. You've listened to the difference in the colors today. Mm-hmm. And the difference. I mean, I don't want to, you know, go to an extreme and have like, Megas colors, right? And we're all in over with my C.C. Yeah. I don't want that. You know. I don't want them. Exactly. Of course not. But it's obvious that any thinking Individual. Any thinking individual? Any thinking individual? Yes, sir. That the difference in the people who are appreciate your show are beginning to call in today. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we're taking it away from all the juveniles. Well, okay. If they want the juveniles any other day, Bart Simpson will have a minute of contact and that they're getting it to have to do something. Yeah, exactly. And I'm sorry, anything else. If you give juvenile people an opportunity to be able to destroy a good thing. And that's what they've done. We had a good time for a while and they were right into the ground and they buried it and destroyed it and but you did. You're right. And now let's try to be a semi-intelligence. You don't have a good time. I enjoyed the lightning round for a couple of weeks. Because it was funny, was entertaining. And then they got tedious. And then they got ponders. And just keep going on and on and on. That's the show improved when an unmechanable left your show. And the chronic time of like took over. It was like they were trying to take the place of the who left. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Good point. And you don't need that. Yeah, and then we had a whole bunch of juveniles who were coming in here who were not all of them. But some of them who were just hoping to be able to. Auditioning. I did want to be the inside. You know, instead of there with you and all that stuff. Yeah. Well, because they all wanted to be the new sidekick. And it wasn't going to happen. You don't need it. You don't need it. You don't want it. It's not necessary. Yeah. I work alone, sir. Trust me. I believe I've listened to you since you were on FM. Just after you started on FM. And on AM, I've never listened to AM before. And I came out of the project. I admit to people I'm listening to. I mean, you know, up here in West Palm, even though. You know, we can say one of the reasons that W.I.O.D. has so few women listening is because it's a heavy sports intensive. Station that's been true for years. But one of the other reasons that the women audience has followed off to almost not exist. And is because most women. And I'll say women are smarter than men. But most women lower your full of it. Don't want to hear doos bag and butt load for four hours. I mean, I'm telling you that's not where they're at. That's not where they're at. I don't need it. That's basically a wise guy young punk. Swimball. Uh, type of audience. I want to hear that. And it's very limited. Not only that, but those people are fickle anyway. You know, they're like butterflies. Deliant in your backyard one minute. And then five minutes later when they're tired of eating your plants. They'll go to land on somebody else's. Are you the people who aren't sick or are going to get tired of hearing? Famous, the same in the past. This is maybe a cousin. Oh, they're just doing your yesterday. Yesterday, yesterday was like a magic awakening for me. Believe me. Well, it's refreshing. I can. I like to say thank you for what's on me. There's a lot of people up here who listen to and the reason I had to call is. I went to school and I grew up in the living room. Oh, my god. Talk about a shameless self promote. He doesn't stop. He's going to be writing a class with smeg green. Pretty. He's right. He's working on it. He's right there. I mean, that Alice, you know, he's another one went back to topics. But let's not get carried away. We don't want to do the fluezin wipes on this show. Okay. Neil, I look forward to a tremendous increase in injury. When you get back at a great vacation wherever you go. I sure will. I'll have a good time looking forward to hearing you come back. Okay. Thanks. 1150 a Wiod in a very shallow town. We have an open line in Palm Beach 655 death 65. One of it is a shallow timing. The most exciting thing they have in this town. I'm going to start a look forward to this show, which I think says a lot. Anyway, you can. Okay, I love 55 on all the pressure radio. Let's go to Fort Loderdale. Go on. A lady in Hollywood. Hi, Neil. Hi. You're there. How are you? Great. I listen. I'm delighted to hear you're going to upgrade your format. I think it may help your ratings a little bit too. Yeah. I'm a sanity too. Well, I could help everybody. Believe me. I'm going to start a look at the first report. Naturally, I love the red and the bangles being from Cincinnati. And I'm one of the fans that doesn't care if they suck or they're doing a great job. I just love them. Well, that's the meaning of fan. A lot of people on here don't know the meaning of the word. They think fan is somebody who jumps on a bandwagon where they're doing good. And then the rest of the time looks for somebody else. I'd like them to win every year, but I'd let's be logical. They're not going to do it. Right. Well, I look pretty solid this year. I like you as a fan, too. You're a good company. You bad. By the way, by the way, we're Sean Bosky. I'm embarrassed. I actually had a write it down when it came to be during the break. I'm a Bosky one a game I spent on. Well, we took one last night and no luck one to Atlanta. Yeah, it came from behind in the night fitting in the first camp. We did the best we could. But I've been listening to you since data. And I want to tell you, I work and I see you. And if I ever get the guy with the horse lamp on a ventilator, I'm pulling the plug. I mean, that's pathetic. I can't stand it. I can't stand it. I never get upset with people. But this is just by a noise. Don't you wonder what some of these people's lives are all about. I mean, what they do. I think you're a little afraid to. If you ask me. Yeah, I don't don't say that too loud. They might come and get. Yeah, I'd love to close the day. We did a very good. Exactly. There you go. They're on their horses right now. Listen, thanks a lot for keeping me company during the day when I'm traveling in the car. You just make my day. And I think you make a lot of other people's day. And I wanted to thank your mom for giving us a great fun. Thank you. We really enjoy you. Thanks a lot, mom. I bought the great work. I buy five. I know my mom could change your voice so many different reflections. We have an open line in Broward 524Wild. 524Mong. Boca. So what's it going to be? You're going to have guests. That type of thing now or what? Well, I didn't really say that I did. But the way you asked that question was almost like intimidating. Well, no, it just, that's supposed to be that way. Just sounds kind of like, or you're going to do like a steep cane show. No sir, God forbid. I mean, not God. I think you think about that way. The year I made a little sounds like, you know, the pseudo intellectuals that you used to talk about and all that. I didn't think there was anything wrong with the program. That's why I listened, you know? Yeah. Well, I do. And it's the judgment that I have to make, you know. I mean, if you want to hear people making Barney or it sounds all day and saying, do you Spagging buttloading that more power to you, but it's not that's not what this show is going to be all about. I like, you know, and for me to sit here and keep repeating the same thing over and over again. It's kind of pointless. I know it. We'd lot of people come along and midstream. But the show isn't going to change your 180 degrees and I'm not going to do the Steve Cancio and beat the same old guests and topics into the ground. But I'm going to try to talk to people more on the level of adults as opposed to talking to preview Best and more on survey dates. It's not enjoyable. It's not good listening. Well, I know whatever you do will work out. But I like how it was, you know? It seems you go through one of these changes about one to a year or so. No. No. I've been doing the same thing for three years now and I had changed after doing topics for 12 years and you have to have a feel for it. Everything runs. It's course. If you're not sharp enough to pick up on that, you're doomed to be in the gutter. Believe me. Okay. And we'll just be probably the only person who will say today that before what you had was to be It was just fine. Okay. Well, we'll see what happens. Bye bye. See you. Oh. He's talking about suit of intellectual. Now he's not even that was opinion. Now we'll listen to it all. Okay. I mean, if you're full of crap like he was, you call right in. We have one open line in Broward 524Wild and 2789463 in Boca. 278 sued. Wild. Right now. Yeah. They'll put. Speak. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. Yeah. Speaking. I think it's a great idea what you're doing. How do you think it's a great idea if we don't even know what it is yet? Well, I can say as if you were to break up your show and do topics one or two a week and do your regular step. No, no, that doesn't work. No, every day it has to be a little bit different. The show is going to still be a little on the light. Once in a while, we'll get a little heavy. But I'm not going to like say on two day and Thursday, we're going to have a list in talk about World War 3 and Monday, Wednesday and Friday, we're going to say do Spag 4000. I mean, that's not a show. Well, I know that's not what you would do because that's not you. But the way you're going to approach it, I think, it's going to be I think it's going to be mixed it up. I think it's going to be a variety that we all enjoy. Exactly. And I look forward to it. I couldn't have said it better myself. And I know you don't like the word Doosh back, but I'd love to call my friends at buckle West major do's back. Doosh back. Thanks. See you. Okay. That's going to do it for an exciting 11 in the new. exciting 11 in noon hour the audience seems to be getting some extra stimulation today got our nose will happen on south beach. a gale bright right gale mat so bright is here with the new news will be back in 1205 Rick and slot will be here with obviously a traumatic show from 2 to 6. Hank Goldberg on sports talk and G Michael McGay for Stan Major from 8 to 11 tonight. Not necessarily those of the station. Now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD Rick and Gary Jeff can come through it can happen to you if you're Gary Hodge while the white is away in the townhouse you'll play if you're Gary Hodge of the bright you'll pay if with when and you play not once it was twice you are caught with this ride you're really not too smart you can't stay apart now you won't be president Gary Hodge you won't be the president no Gary Hodge oh excuse me almost seven at WIOD and let's take a look a showy or not shall we just analyze the condition of mankind here's a lady in plantation how you doing you're good and you're great like facing you has been restored really yeah I'm so happy you're doing this the panic and idiot for telling yourself you notice they're all gone oh I hope they stay away because they're living and breathing people calling today I don't even think about it on vacation just enjoy no I don't let on that I that's why I'm where I did it now before I go away I can get all under control I think it's sensational yeah just do it and enjoy and have fun from that calcine I will do it okay but look probably that was terrible at good old WIOD the stay you can defend on let's go to a lady in North Miami high how are you okay oh I haven't talked to you in a while I know but I got so tired that that routine oh hold on a second okay there's Melvin's inner feeding his face again oh dear oh dear see we got him in the act if you glad we got that out of the way get rid of them just a lady from avantura they used to call you about not to land the gods so yeah but I quit calling really because I don't know just the program just really went down the tomb yeah now why you see now Melvin is shaking I said nobody is the same one who said after the bird left that the sky was falling I tried to took you this long to realize what was going on well I'm slow honey mr slow not really but you know it's just like every other lady has mentioned that I think it has done a lot and that's why you're not going to well I kind of spread though like a disease I don't know I can't throw over the entire station I know it I know and we've all been smothering underneath it I think so too that's why I'm saying I'm surprised it took you this long real but anyway have a nice vacation I'm going to wait for myself and I'll fly just feeling better and everything else okay you two have a good one you two we will be hearing from people like that Melvin a little opinion just there who's hormones are out of balance okay all the way I'm still watching MTV that's part of the deal where's the bookie board spot oh it's here there's like that's please bag Madonna that's another I am have no interest in Madonna she borrows me she she's ugly she smells bad she's got enough hair under her armpits to weave a new rug for a mury the k who's been dead for 20 years or even cousin brucey forget it okay forget it the Simpson Madonna and what was the other one what was the third one it will come to me shambaski tamarac is gone hammered pines hi I'm 14 and I listen to you my mom got me a listen to you and I think you're too effective thank you welcome and I hate Madonna okay you have excellent taste thanks a lot nice how come everybody is so damn nice today god it's almost disgusting isn't it? man but don't knock it because it won't last for long okay speaking of you know and you're going to have to get your hormones under control okay we can't all the ladies who call can't be 14 like the last one she was very nice the young lady but they some of them will be over the age of 20 okay no that's depressing to you but that's that's when I see you I'm wrong okay for the apologies to Bill call that we stole all this stuff because he's not on the air uh Rose how you doing Rose? I'm going fine I want to call the tell you I agree with what you're saying I've heard this thing your voice for quite a while oh it's been getting worse every day I've heard it it's been undertones and I didn't know you know why I haven't really done anything because since I had the stroke I haven't let anything aggravate maybe like can't afford to let my pressure go crazy but you know when I saw you at the remote you were so tired when it was over I mean look tired yeah but other than that haven't you like the cause today hasn't it been great? yeah and we can still talk to you and I know I'm going jolly and a few people on the edge of a hundred but I mean the bottom line is there has to be a half way in between I agree I just take it a whole radio show I'm getting it into like a pinhead hour of gutterable sounds yeah I am much better listener than I am a caller I mean I try to be funny and I can't do that you know I just have to be that to you yeah I want to be able to have something to say and that sounds as stupid as all the time right well I've been saying that for a long time you know but anyway I just want to put my teeth in well it's great here for me how's Rick Durin? I haven't seen him why not? jolly said him kind of busy tied up well that could be but like I said I do have a life of you know and it's just I do get to everyone's normal but I do listen all of this there really must be something to be like where to be wanted by anything that's alive you know what I'm feeling I guess I don't know if you ever Rick when you're stuck in a hole when you get to be like 22 and you start getting old and cd and be all over pal and I said I give him to 24 okay I bet you will I can't have a great day 1217 in WIOD on your friendly station where the people they have a collective like you have over six for the first time in months whether Melvin likes it or not okay at least he got offended that's something a four-launcherdale hey hey hey hey don't change it too much yeah I'm serious I think you're going to metapods maybe we better just like middle life crisis some of us like the way it is well I don't come do you want me to go through the whole thing again do I have to explain it to you you want to hear like 40 calls in a row yeah you do speak yeah I'll tell you the idea of a radio show no no but you don't want to take all the funnits out of it I'm not taking the fun out of it okay or still going to play some stuff and have a good time but it doesn't have to be like pre-pubescent circus do Spagbottload butload do Spagbottload that to me is not a radio show I'm sorry a little bit yeah I couldn't agree with you more okay like a do Spagbottload exactly once in a while but not 500 people in a row say hey good I called Jati or do Spagbottload hey this is David and cousin who cares? no I don't care who's cousin is too exactly in fact if he's a man of a name the half the phone when he calls we have a number half of the phone the party has a control room exactly what just ended only moments ago I was listening to any wonders why in a case when we get a little early okay oh he didn't like me anymore he's got a one needs to grow up in there too it's the same crap okay this is a business it's not a party here it's a pre-school girl the cockling in the background well they're on the floor now that's the half the phone something in there see you saloon well in the all-is it I'm sure you'll come up with a happy meeting keep this recipe ten heads happy yeah I mean we're not going to chase everybody away is going to be a judge of a hundred but my god let's at least have a little substance and for I you know I am a chronic but I still have a life though if possible well you and Mr. radio so I like Mr. radio and what's a super day see there are like a whole bunch of these chronic mists and that is the word for the mists and I don't want anything to do with them okay let them find another play toy I'm not interested in them because they're boring nobody cares about what they're talking about and they're just they're just puffed up ego is okay they're asshole I'm going to agree with you you still say that okay well I know Connie McWitter proof well yeah that was great I love read that a paper because I love Connie maybe a right wing douchebag but at least he knows what the first amendment's all about and thank God for that you got listen have a great time on the case I will all right but I'll give you all the details when I get back let us know about it or at least most of them see you later all right 20 after noon at WIOD we have one open line if you're right to that phone on your hands and knees stick your crutch out and dial 524 twitch 524 WIOD the audience is so emotional but they aren't they they're emotional God it's not like we're going on some kind of a trip to Auschwitz or something that's next month with sure of Nick anyway hey listen I got a topic for a Melvin it's called unemployment 25 after noon at WIOD want to thank the people of the fresh veggie again timin all of my people up there there are north federal highway and lighthouse point just a little bit across from american stick and pizza and they brought tons of great stuff I'm going to include that incredible eggplant the eggplant disappeared so fast like you wouldn't believe a beautiful fresh fruit we haven't had this much fruit in here since so what's this is not a show and uh... just great produce and good stuff okay let's go to uh... Miami Beach hello hey let me have some what kind of a key you'd like to make live Miami hello hey hey done okay yeah i thought was you know that uh you know you make my day yeah let's go to a lantern hello boy i don't know how to follow those two yeah i'm a bit quick and i'll see you there uh... in love what do you want well i want to know more i wanted to tell you that uh... i think that this proposed change that you're going to make it's going to be a good thing for the show lot of these people don't remember your show since they uh... or since before they don't i remember your program since uh day and oh up here and one of the things that i really the period that i really enjoyed personally was when you first started doing the how and they all by saying you had a topic but you weren't really dead serious and well the end of the world no i mean you can have a few more to say today was a problem with stevens that everything was world war three every day and you can't do in the same six topics over and over and over again and they've all been done 50 thousand times since then and i guess a lot of these people don't remember that period so they don't know how you how you would trade a topic with you know with your sense of humor and just take on a little a little bit and really get some discussion going on but i look forward to the change i got i can't i can't believe these people are calling well she's we like it just the way it is i can't imagine anybody who enjoys the way the last few weeks the way um you know a lot of the state not just a show but i mean there's been so many of these more on just one after another and even if you listen to the rickinson promo that we've played today for the show yeah for the guys burping and belching and i mean see a little bit of that's funny the burpenders card is funny is hell and what's the wall for eating you know uh... if it's spontaneous it's funny but then when you got a bunch of ninety-year-old moron's all calling in to make partying and burping sounds and i'm not funny anymore right sick yeah there's a level to a fair thing it's funny because i have a sorry about the choice of words it's interesting because my wife and i were discussing this yet today because he just he was a school teacher and he's not offering the day like i am and he was saying well he's still listening to that program how come you're listening to it and it was kind of hard for me to explain that i was listening to it because i was hoping i guess i was hoping that something might change a little bit back the way i used to be yeah i like some of the bit but as though after a while it does get a bit tedious and i'm not sure i want to make it very clear that i'm not trying to stick my nose into rickinson and whatever you do they got their show they're going to do very well and i you know i enjoy them i like them they're good guys and i'm not trying to influence what they do in any way okay because one of the things that people i got to understand and it's about time i'm going to do my thing and everybody else has got to do their thing instead of trying to be neologize i'm sick of it it's just tired well that maybe what's your other part of the problem yeah like the weekend people they're trying and here and then what is that doing over like a pregnant pole vault around a hot day in July right okay have a good one try you too thank i want to get after noon at wild the grocery lady or should we take the collect call from Los Angeles now why do you have all those explanation marks after the grocery lady are you the grocery lady hello uh huh yeah no i know i'm so glad to get you on the front i'm really home during the day especially listening to radio right uh you recall me it all not really uh well it's quite some time and i'm so pleased to hear what i'm hearing today exactly aren't these people who are cut above the usual uh slime balls you said i'm i consider myself in that category what slime ball uh no you people above a cut above uh uh yes you know and i i was so disappointed when occasionally i would turn your station on and find and listen to what was going on well i got out of control you know it's one thing to have a good time and a little fun and if you live but when a bunch of more on take it over destroyed it's out of control i says this can't be my new my favorite rock well i uh you know me i'm so weak you know i let people over power absolutely i stayed stay week in the category you're going to be and i'm assuming it's going to be something great right uh huh okay have a great day i do want you to know i'm i'm very happy to hear about all this okay we're going to use station very it's not i'm not home very often but i will be whenever i am make a habit of it okay i sure will okay i don't yeah wow prosperity and wilding i just try to control yourself and they're when you're malvin god you exaggerate so bad here's collect from lost on gillies how you doing deal okay hey how's everything going on there in my amy it's wonderful sir the birds are singing and the dogs are squatting and everything is just the way it was when you left really i'll do i hear they got a new format change who you guys down there who said that i don't know that's what i heard you know work gets out telly pretty quick yeah right i know it on the FM yeah who said we had a format change no format change what where did you hear that well i don't know that i know they got a lot of format changes out your way now uh no let me let me say it again oh what is it like uh tunnel radio i know they're they're off the air who see your other buddies over at ftl total radio yeah they're back to the bit sound they tell me yeah yeah what is that happy with that i don't know not nothing really but i did i'm a hold for a couple of minutes and you just picked up a little glimmer and right away all of a sudden you're getting a hysterical right yeah i'm telling you well you know i tell you i've been away for about six weeks and uh kind of miss the old uh catch cause and everything i yeah little bit right you know you'll have a good time out there with a call well you better grab another call i know they hung up for that could be pretty important though that nail could be anything that would tell you that many dollars now i tell you out here it is you make make it but you blow it at the same time yeah well you know how that work yeah i'm telling you so how's everything been there everything's great sir have a nice life crawler still running you there right now in fact if you get there next half hour you get there for the daily double okay sir have to say goodbye oh i'll see there's a good example he can't hear me rip him anyway now because he's gone uh now would you rather talk to him or the grocery lady i'll take her any day he was quick and brief and nice and meant well and uh everything was wonderful but he's like nothing to say so how's everything going out there huh how's everything going here there's a big format change how's everything going huh so how's everything going do spag right do spag oh man anybody who's going to defend that as radio needs a lobotomy immediately okay just like the people who i'm not even gonna say i'm not gonna go back into it we have one open line in vocah two seven eight hopeless two seven eight nine four six three let's go to Margate thank you's a back yeah they're doing it they are really right on top Miami hello hello now yes sir i want to ask you something i used to listen to you about probably six seven years ago but i remember it was like really late at night like probably after ten o'clock dates him in night was it eight to midnight was your show haha i'm not one of those no it's just shut up don't back then what you show i mean it was a lot you know i different than any of these chronic I'm you know why not all the time right well was it both see back in those days why don't you want to know why in z w and w and w and w and w and w and w and w and seven all over the place here i've been on all of them oh set it no i wasn't college back animation listen to yeah well we had a more interesting show the only problem was back in those days at night the colors were all over the age of a hundred yeah i can't remember you and i'm not going back to that i'm not going to do georyatric radio so it won't panic okay okay thanks a lot okay have a great day well a very interesting audience today they're all like she what's going on it's a big format there isn't any format change i have had no discussions with anybody in management they pay me to do a talk show can they leave the content and the substance and the style up to me okay because it's the neorodger show it's not the boy Gary show or the mic doesn't he show or any of that it's the neorodger show okay so how i choose to do it and what we do on a show is going to be up to me okay and so whether we succeed or fail in part will be up to me not based on somebody else's ingenuity of which you can't find much around here anyway 26 to one i'm w i'll do it doesn't take much ingenuity live with you and i just had an interesting seminar with Melvin during the break there and he's telling me that i'm abandoning the ship and i would you tell me what that means what what does that mean i'm abandoning the ship yeah the Titanic i'm hopping off before it sinks okay and i'm going to float based on my own say just like next door they're floating with a coast and i hope they don't drop it especially that big fat pig Johnny dark who is in here not one twice at least twice filling up plates and making a big fat pig out of himself and made a mess on a table and has salad dressing just oozing all over the chairs in the floor he is a disgusting slob well with a good voice here's a mobile and a four-laterdale hello yeah how are you okay is it's just a reorientation station listen you're doing just exactly what you do all the time anyone who has listened to you over a period of time yes knows that every once in a while when it went closer on the way the ship gets moved a little you need to reed you have to alter the course we make a little adjustment is a fantastic business we make a little adjustment exactly because the other way is to keep rejusting uh textures on a Titanic doesn't make sense you got it actually changed the course and you're doing the right thing and you know what you're going to surprise all of us it's going to do whatever it's going to do you're going to beat it into shape and we're all looking forward to it okay all right well i sounds pretty exciting beating it in the shape i think we all need to do that once in a while exactly have a great life sir okay you too well what is he talking about 1239 21 till one a W.I. did tell you one thing this show is going by fast like lightning even though Melvin hates it the reason he hates it is because he said like about a four or five people on the phone who were over the age of 10 and it's like culture shock he can't how well Melvin can I speak to that wonderful meal uh get used to it my amy now yeah what's the hell going on over there what does that mean sir you're talking about your tone in this thing that you can't tone it down that's against a lot who used the word tone it down who used that expression up until this very perspicacious call i did who yeah you did to what does that mean i mean you can't you how can you oh god are you serious am i serious about what tone in the show down there he is i did see there you go again i never said that you keep saying it let me ask you a question do are you serious yeah i really am about toning it down because i don't know where you got that well how can you how can you why don't you define for us what that means toning it down we don't that would mean get rid of creepy and happen people like that are not all the 1240 and W.I. did that was half okay now see as soon as he said it's saved us a lot of time and leave it to a jackass like that we got rid of him a long time back it's later we got rid of him and he's still calling he's like uh say her now i thought it had by take it back nobody is like say her here's a lady in plantation hi hi i lost my nerve but i called to add my voice to the lady who have congratulated you and tell mail them that i'm 50 but i think 20 so i'm i'm 47 so it's not like you're an old lady compared to me well i basically the same age right and you know it's it's all matter of in your head anyway but um the man from land tenah and the mobile uh whom you just broke to first on my thunder because i've been listening to you ever since you were on W and W S oh boy and you see a lot of these people who have been listening to you since they do they really don't know that side of you exactly yeah in addition a lot of the people who only listen since i've been I O.D. they haven't got the foggyest idea of what it is i do and they've got any clue absolutely and i don't blame you about the real serious topics because uh uh you definitely would have an forgive me but you would have a stroke yeah you could do it easy in this place but um um you know i mean these these young guys who probably can't tell a past or college exam they're going to be um there's only thing one thing that most of them can pass and that's gas well maybe they'll still call if they can get in and i think your idea of making sort of a happy medium is really going to keep everybody happy and i hope you yeah you know i interrupted you but i see i got my uh nerve back well that's good um i just have to say even though our topics are bad i mean for your emotional health it's these people only knew how brilliant i have sat in listen to you mesmerized when i was divorced in the 70s i didn't have anything to do but listen to you and um you're brilliant and you're so gone funny without reading or without using any car turning thing they don't know if they yeah well they don't know anything so i'm gonna be gone and come late please uh good luck have fun your vacation thanks i will bye see you 1242 at W.I.D now what was wrong with her she was like my age is that make her an old cry see melvin here you're like uh we need to get a more mature board up in here somebody's about W.I.O.D. hey uh like to speak to me i'm sure hold on let's go to Miami hello Miami what is this skip us oh okay let's go to um was out in a wrong line there's nobody there here's a lady in Lake Worth hello Neil hi how are you great this is really wonderful to hear because i was getting ready to quit listen to the station well a lot of others who already have believe me yeah well i don't really enjoy listening to people burp and here i mean i don't care they can do it if they want to but that does that really very meretio shit exactly i mean if it happens spontaneously in its funny that's one thing but not for four hours or eight hours i agree with you want to end there's some good stuff that you guys do but this is my old come on not this not this kind of day again yeah so i'm real happy to hear it well see that's the problem you got like a button like a couple hundred uh nineteen twenty-year-old pinheads out there who want to take over the whole radio station and turn it into like their own little circus okay where they can be wise guys and make little sounds and call each other in fact yesterday working suds had these uh and i can't believe i mean again i'm not trying to interfere in their show but they got these two guys eddy and i forget who the other one is and they had them on together back and forth with the one with the Ferrari and those guys and like they want to take over the whole show well i've all of them and i can't tell you there's nothing worse than when the colors start taking over the program believe me i've been doing this a long time and there's nothing more repetitive and more ponders and more of a turnoff than that you're you're right and i noticed in it with the recon suds to where they could usually lay back and be mellow with it they're starting to react to it and this is what these guys are one and they're one in a reaction and you guys get off track of what you do that's excellent by these you know ridiculous yes well we need to talk to a more variety of people instead of people just want to make uh sounds like a certain parts of their body what ever parts i'd have been to do yeah yeah keep it up you guys are wonderful why do you i'm glad this is coming around oh listen to you okay fine pro 45 and w i mean i what is that i see that you'll have to explain he puts a message on here nick called to comment on the show everything is just fine what no what does that mean what does that mean w i would be yes yes how you doing okay listen buddy i'm going out to San Francisco in a few weeks can i call you collect from them yes sir bud i'll give you a fire report on our on our good friend oh man i can't wait to you that can we hear him sing y'all try maybe you can tape some of his sing because i just can't make it through the day without hearing that okay and i'll call you collect okay can i call on a bad line or something no call on this line the palm piece on it's always open all right thanks okay i have a 12 time now what is it he likes it and tell everyone in the business to stop calling him nick nick's application is where you're surprised he's not up with the following jano is he not taking a job nick i what he is taking the job see i'm going to need him now because i didn't see now that i like nick now he's leaving when steve was here we hated each other like poison he may still hate me i don't know but i like nick nick is okay once he's away from steve and he's also a very good producer i mean it like he got done he asked me here i thought he was joking about that anybody you want in a world practically he can get him it was amazing so he really does a good job on it so don't jump to conclusions nick we may need you around here desperately okay not anymore money but the who needs money my amy yeah listen 34 years old i've been listening to you since you started down here okay i used to listen i'll play out far back i go to with talk radio Miami i used to listen to loot the revenge show oh my god okay he rest in peace and that's right he was great i used to always a good guy he really was but anyway i i want to let me know the mission it is i've been listening to you for years i go way back talking mountain uh... madeline mario hair uh... casino gambling you know all the way back uh... you it's fantastic what you're going to do because uh... all these people have been listening to you they don't know what they're going to be it for they're going to stay in this you know i'm glad you mentioned mandolin or here because i'll be honest i wouldn't mind having her on again i just got burned out on it because you do so the same things over and over and over again but now it's like i've had a three year rest okay but i think people like her need to be on again absolutely and i think there's young people who listen to your show might really start to enjoy when i was young i started listening to when i was in my twenty zero twenty i i love the show the listen to you all night when you want from eight to midnight uh... the shows were fantastic i couldn't turn it off i'm in mario when you stop sucking around i mean mario is so i don't know what is the story is but i think you want one topic that want to you not that is stay away from lecum coverage with your body oh my body my former body i'm i'm glad you might use the money is it's all in by name okay it used to be a nice guy i liked it like we were related i mean we had a great friendship and as soon as i stopped doing that boring monotonous talk you're here to attack me he wrote this column he writes in the candle a ledger is three of i remember you ripped the crap out of me i couldn't believe it now this is so typical of the people you meet in this town fair weather friend well i think as soon as i couldn't put him on a year anymore to make him into mister little celebrity i'm gonna do his boring and he used to come on a kevich well there would be all these i mean i had some fun with him but my god he was his boring is watching paint dry well that the only thing they happened to some of your producers may end up going into the becoming a talk show but you know what happened before but that it meant you said that means standard gonna go back to topics to have a nice day listen yeah can i just say hello to tom de mico stan is gonna have to get a life you know i can a life in tom de mico has a life easy good man okay see up 1249 and wild again again randy and stan whatever they do here well i'm on vacation more power to a minor and expect them to be serious or haven't just have a good time okay uh you don't have to try to be kneeled junior by the way what happened to randy i don't see her today boy i re i and you talk about intimidation man no well seriously she can't she's a i'm not gonna set she's a very nice person i like a ralada i think she's gonna have a lot of fun with the audience while i'm gone but i am i'm not comfortable working with other people and i was thinking about that coming in this morning there's very few people that you hit it off with now say this for all of his uh backstabbing and all of his glennanai worked okay for a long time till he got a gigantic ego everything was fine caprita work for this great bill called rani tremendous because we're good friends we have a mutual sense of humor we understand each other's humor we had some of the best times an i and z after midnight when i would stick around and show i mean really funny stuff roaring on the floor laughing stuff okay but it doesn't work with everyone like stan fan to the friend of mine but when he's on his show here with me it's like um there's nothing there okay there's no crossover so it just it just a certain chemistry that you either have it or you don't have it like rick-in-puts it's a perfect match up because one of them is an emotional basket case and gets hysterical all the time and the other way is very level-minded very calm never gets flustered or you're gonna eat but load okay let's uh let's do a little spot here Rick Riley's in the building looking very surly uh tend to want to clock it w i you're not going let those guys on again today are you the guy with a Ferrari and the guy with a wedding or whatever they're oh man oh good i like that i'll stick around Toyota of Hollywood southeast largest oh 1255 with w i would be Rick Riley's in here giving me a little seminar now wait a minute Sean Basky that's right it came to be during a break yeah did you see the game no i didn't see the game but i saw it in the paper today well thank you you're waiting also another thing in one decision yes if you noticed today since you made your announcement how many more women are calling yes sir dramatic frightening including some under the age of a hundred right excellent and well all the calls have been good yeah i'm looking forward to more right up until now that's just a little joke now thanks a lot okay okay 2525 with w i would be see mr. smarty pants now what did Nick i don't understand what the message from Nick was because naturally we depend on Nick to take our direction here w i did which is why we're on the bottom um what was it he thinks i'm doing the right thing is that it or no or he he's the way they type in their man i'm telling you w i o d typing 101 hello hello yes sir he wants me to kneel yeah hold on he's happy because now he is oh something to do okay yeah don't let him leave us some telling you now we need him here open his mic for just briefly oh it's we're up on the news briefly the key why is there such why have you got such a short cord what are you talking about so what is it i'm no i'm just i can just came in to spend some time with you to hold my hand to hold this share my affirmations of how great the show has been today now are we talking about i mean i'm making it into it because obviously there are going to be some changes that i'm going to make for personal reasons because i feel i need to move in little you know more giral even so it affects me if you notice i mean you say you listen but the first hour is like your show of our show and then they finally lose interest and we get going in our own direction from like three until six boy girie came in and shook your hand yeah i'm so long ago i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry but now am i can i have guest now i can i when we had guest you say oh yes so we can't have you you're asking me for permission well our guest kind of dwindle the way because it was like opening because you were having you were having tragic guests so right now don't let nicks start foisting on you these nicks is great he is but he can get anybody you want you don't have to accept the the easy pickins like self-provoting penny dangles from next door though those shows have been done in this morning oh here's the TV again i've had i mean i like hambreak he's a good guy he's boring on a rainy night we at we land a different dimension they've never been on with us right are you listening to me you ask total acts me a question i'm giving you the answer and now you're arguing as you you're being the temperamental argumentative all right that everybody that uh regular key to you know exactly are they doing their dino for their right thing i hold i mean i don't know well the call-up side-hersion find out here's the call-in-law there could be side right now they know all about a second okay because i screwed up are you there not well there weren't there you're in lock yes sir yeah i'm not thinking for me here because i think uh sure sick got you yeah i have to confess sure if they can i can i'm not my door three o'clock this morning said straight now to uh get out yeah i think you know yeah well pressure on you got your speed in that seventy five or something yeah must be right hang out second i got some uh friends here that want to say uh that they're real sorry they could change in your ways hang out okay i'm changing my ways i didn't say that thing what is it okay 1259 and w i do see well i have a couple like that every day it'll be just like all times two o'clock they'll be on sir uh back at you we have one over nine brown five two four load five two four w i would be okay i'm gonna take a little breather here you know uh Charles who wanted to sit in on the show today and she'd know better because Charles we don't ever want you coming back brought us to guard on i haven't smoked this a garçens i had my stroke you look relaxed and i've been the stroke i mean smoking this since uh since i was sat down i how does once a garland for four hours was there as much food here last time is this time because it's like dawn and i didn't bring look who just came in my lunch yeah with her dark sunglasses yeah jolly dark setter in with her jolly dark sunglasses you should have seen him eating in here you would have puked you would have a pressure okay we got gale not so bright with the water clogged w i o d news and we're gonna come back with our bit one to two our might even play the grepcing intro just to keep some of the people pacified Rick and puts are gonna be here to analyze our entire show from to the six Hank Goldberg on sports talking six o five and g Michael McGay sits in a first and major at eight o clock tonight w i o d man for platter day stop Florida's news leader is news talk radio 610 w i o d news talk radio 610 w i o d presents neo Rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 w i o d in days five two four w i o d in broad or 655 and 278 w one o six o w i o d we have Randy Martin in here today briefly what is it came in for the one to two hour did you well it's almost over and what's his name fan face is filling his face here with sees yourself enough to kill us Caesar you're pardon fat face yeah you got cheeks like a chip monkey you got fat again you look just like a chip monkey well like a like Johnny Joel we Hollywood welcome to w i o d hi yes sir it's about damn time for what did i get up the phone now i i've witted few books or i haven't called this is your on zeta but the more on yeah the cymbals the bits are funny the mispets the bits are funny your humor's funny but uh god last week uh i was whistling and i i put on TV and watch Sally jettie really well i did this bris what do you have to have the 600 pound lesbians um i was going on today oh yeah she had a mutant ninja turtle um transesteis oh those are good yeah those are my favorites and and i had to say one thing neo um i had a stroke three years ago yeah so no i'm chuan through and i'm glad you're feeling better yeah i'm doing pretty good the only problem is you know when you have a stroke or a heart attack i guess you unless you have a real bad one and you have some permanent disability like you know the side of your face is i'm like that people don't understand because you walk around in my case i've lost a lot of weight so i look better than i did before and they think you're in perfect health and it takes months as you know to fully recover from a stroke yeah and these people don't understand that no they don't i'm 35 right now and it was i was 31 when i had it and i never really fully recovered but people don't know by looking at me yeah and you know your vacation um the morons i heard yesterday saying that all the ratings you shouldn't go yeah i mean i think they should go to hell they're going they're on their way i already in purgatory and on their way south well like i said i've been listening to you for a long time since you started doing um when you were doing issues over on the other am station and uh like you say maybe a little variety well i don't know i mean but these morons what you haven't heard many of them today like one or two slips in there for about a half a second and that's it all the cars have been in the best that i've heard in in one month in months exactly so well just continue to um good health and uh have a nice vacation thanks a lot i wasn't that nice it was nice and i agree with him i was listening you agree with him i'm one now this isn't going to alter what you and stand it was it because i want you to stay with time what you've been doing friday because it's only today's already Wednesday well figure that on friday just go with the flow do whatever you want i'll do whatever i want and don't pay any attention to him because he is ready to blow in a moment notice he's like he's like a ticking bomb straight on short yeah well he's like a ticking time bomb and all you got to do is like look at him cross out of any starts getting red in the fate were you listening sometimes i don't even say anything people imagine i say things a few weeks ago were you listening the day that he lost it and put that take over the show you know he got so emotional because some guy said he looked like a chipmunker someone stupid thing like that and he just he went go like that oh no it was a guy who called about the steve or something like that and steve is going to come back and are going to drive you off the air so what's wrong with that as long as you get paid i'd meet her to nap nothing's wrong with that oh anyway here's a message from the floor to bankruptcy center for our friends at q a m and i do want to thank them from the bottom of my part for these friends and for you beautiful new york med socks this is class because you keep now it would have been nice here if the color wasn't like worn off of the number one but i understand the images tarnish little bits of a kind of fits in okay but that's a heavy duty outfit when they send me over a pair of met socks you know that they're all hard that's not worn off at spit yeah we managed to shrink wrap it again yeah i'm going to get on closer examination you're right yeah in fact it looks like j had a little accident and how's j doing i said i'll hold those old ones on cool right i'll tell you what you're being harassed by creditors like i said thank god for rick rolly because the other one is so out of control if you're in danger of losing your home or car it's a cross no seriously that's a cross between cauliflower and broccoli see they want to piss off George bush so they like watered it down a little but okay and he said it's not so bad so what do you call it it's called the broccoli or cauliflower or something like i don't know broccoli i'm not making that up it's a fresh veggie and we thank them again yeah not enough food but not too well there wasn't a food but johnny dark came in here now they time up and put them in the corner here's a lady in law sangelist on her dime hi Neil i can't believe it yeah well some of us aren't cheap anyway what's going on well i wanted to call and thank you for my autographed Miami Miracle tenant that my husband brought me out of week ago yeah she went to see you at one of the games and he kept telling me he had this big surprise for me and he came and he brought me the pen well he probably told you that on your wedding night too but that's another story that was a lie too right but anyway i was going to wait and call you next week but i got home but i heard you were going on vacation yeah so um anyway i have it up on my mantle above my my fireplace here and my roommates from Texas and she's so funny she says straight we were sitting here town or what your show was like and and she just kept looking at me with her mouthache and open up yeah well they do better Texas yeah they do they do but anyway that's all i want to do with Colin thank you and i can't wait to get home in a couple of months to hear you can't wait to get here yeah can you but well how have you been in LA yeah it's uh no speaking in LA's they got all his Chinese and be at the me signs up well it's not even those people that drive you crazy i mean if you think it's mindless and uh for a lot of deal you should be in LA well it's kind of laid back and laid out but the good thing about LA you can't see any of them because the smog is so thin hey that's my home and sucks and you think great but for me to be great yeah oh yeah where are you and uh play a door right oh that's a great place by the fire pits brought now a barbecue on the beach you only either they cut bob barker shooting pigeons and play a door is that true she's right by L.A.X or the real ass oh that's a nice neighborhood woo no it is a nice neighborhood it is you know where palace vertices yeah that's where i grew up i went to the track in Hollywood park which is an angle wood yeah and all they have there are funeral parlors and cemetery on my right yeah me but that's inland she's where it's happening yeah so you can actually see uh other people oh yeah cause in a lot of a hollywood you can't see anything i'm serious you can't even see the hollywood sign on the hill in a hollywood i got a j walking ticket the first week i was out here have you ever heard of anybody getting a j yeah oh in L.A. you know L.A. you better have that curve you bet but you have you noticed that if you do step off the curb the car stop well this is a long time it is that quick it's a lot of what there are a lot of wise and people out there I don't want to say what kind of minority groups but there's some minorities it like to flex their muscle by during you uh to drive on this they stand on the a curb and then as soon as you get near them they step off on the street and they're you not to stop right like again you had that law here we've never moved the cars we've never moved people that's true but i in everybody always says walk out yeah then we couldn't have the kamikaze strut that we do on the Miami Beach i love that on the holiday on the beach they wait till the signs says don't walk and then they get their cane or their walker and they march during straight ahead and deer you to hit them but hoping that you will in slow motion yeah well they always tell you yeah go ahead walk across the street the cars are stopped but i always think my luck all walk out there will be a tour for me jersey yeah yeah well run down to her most of the beach and have a great day oh well thank okay bye bye yeah why do you blow her off? 117 in WI of the issue was good little boring pointin beach yeah meal yes sir this uncle built a cup of them yes sir bill we did it we did it we want a game bill i put up a big bill board i'm i'm parodler that i've been bozkie or shon boski or whatever her to most do any good polish kid Neil's work the white hot listen did you get my back yesterday about the tickets will be up there for the 10 game home stay yeah i appreciate that but Disney and company here they get us our own special stash we get our own tickets we always get good seats oh you do yeah all right we get that second roll locked up so i thought maybe if you were gonna sit over at Murphy's bleachers and listen to it watch it on tv oh no we get primo seats over there we had a great time i'm sure we were going this year we might even win one of the games i doubt it but it's possible i'm staying for all 10 so i just want you to know that Harry is in cohera okay he is the last night i don't know what they're drinking a Montreal but he lost it totally my mind totally my pot that'll do it every time hey okay seeing a big city all right whoa what oh must be this a guy is finally getting to me i haven't spoke one of these in weeks can you hear it yeah i was talking about well i don't but the Charles brought it all the way you're down from for a lot of them was that an enlightening doll yesterday about the guy who's dad never listens to radio yeah well that Cuban kid yeah however didn't you also wondered did he say he had a diary no no well maybe it was his estranged dad no seriously what happens in a lot of those families is that the parents take the diaries that are for the whole family and they never given to the kids well you didn't hear the other guy call he said that they were five in his household and he was in charge of filling out all five of why heard that yeah so let's just go to show you how accurate they are well live and die by the same acts but i thought that was very light let me say this to you though you can keep making excuses forever what did i just say but unless the numbers are there exactly it's off to the florida bankruptcies we were out for a lot of hard hard to find the way i don't know why i don't want you to make the i feel back because you did well but Alex didn't have a one no that was only for demonstration purposes if i did the i was trying to have a lot of that right into the one okay let me do it this way okay let's say he had a three five all right three three okay already a two eight three so that's eight point four so let's see at six eight so that means he could have had his lowest of one eight the last month okay all right okay all right so you guys had an eight seven two two nine times three is eight seven okay that's how you do it believe me trust me so that would have been three three and one eight is a five one that would mean you had a three six which would be phenomenal okay okay yeah so it was great the same saying for out because his best number dropped off he left us with his worst deal right you were going to go up we didn't know nothing i'm glad you have the confidence and i appreciate it you know the summer heat is here and if your air conditioner is giving you any kind of problems like not cooling properly here's the answer food fight they're going i'm telling you all we need is John Felucian here they're going nuts Randy and uh what's his name i told you watch out for him at the drop of ahead of you like a wheeze like a chip muck my me my me flake well let me ask you this yeah water hill oh yeah sir i'm going to Chicago next week great going to see the cobblestone all right that's the whole idea um i was listening to you this morning and uh her which is said and uh i think and rolling on to do what yeah we're doing this uh for that's going to be your first time going to a club game. You have been there? I've been there. I've been to I've grew up in Chicago. Okay. The only thing I can say to you is when you go there and have a good time and you're sure I think it's a great show. I pick you up when you were on Zeta in the morning and I think there's Roman here show for your humor which is fantastic and there's place for topics, there's a place for Moroni. Yeah. There's a bellchairs and pukers and he afternoon. Just a little bit. Just a little bit to add a little here and a little there but I really think you're doing a whole the job there and I like Rick and suds too and I now I find myself listening to Mike in the morning. So, Ray, we needed, boy, we're dying. Well, you get us turned on to somebody's things. You start listening to me. There's only a few people left in Dave County speaking in glaze so we can't afford to lose any of you. Hey, you got the... Okay, yeah. Well, I guess that's about it. Okay. I don't know what you mean. We hope he has a nice time. Okay. See you after that on the phone, you know that, don't you? Well, if he's got money. Who? Ed. That's what he's calling for. He's got the guys 10 million. WIO Dean. Yeah. Glove? Yes, sir. Yeah, I won't speak to Neil and I can't call off. Okay. Yes, see that's the same amount. WIOD. Hello. Okay, watch. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. I'm talking to you? Okay. I just want to say a little bit of Charles out there. Listen, I know you've been expressing your... Do you want to? You say a little to somebody out there. Now I can use the... Well, you know, as you want to use the airways to transmit a personal message, which is against FCC regulations, sir? No, no, no, no. I don't want to take you off anywhere. Can't do it. Okay. I don't want to do it. All right. Let's get to the crankpark, come on. Okay. I just wanted to say, I know you've been expressing your disinterest with the quality of colors today. I know you have a seven-second grace period. Can't you just cut off some of these people? Yeah, like that. 27 after one, a WIO day is very simple. Very quick. Here's all this ought to be good. Hello. X Chronic here. How are you? Okay. Remember me? Mr. Topical? Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately. Well, I'm pretty sure. I've informed. I haven't called you in months. Yeah, but what happened there for a few days when you were like... Chronic like a child? It's a problem. It's a chronic sickness. You have to get there. So it's a disease. Dr. Smith's a radio is going to go. No, anyhow. I'm pleased with the changes. Just one way. How do you know you're pleased with the changes? We haven't done anything. Why, heard what you're going to be doing? What? Get a little more serious. Yeah, maybe. Cutting out all these morons. Like me. No, I didn't say that. You said it. You always call me names and stuff. Well, you deserved it. But I'm right now. Well, you see, it isn't just the topics, but it's the problem. You buy. I want to go through the whole thing. You know what it is. It's a handful of pinheads who just wanted to use the radio station as a vehicle to make a gutter or sounds. That's what it was. Like Johnny Dark. The good example. Yeah. Plastic. Yeah. There you go. Well, me all any eye. I just want to call that you know I'm, I'm pleased. You know, you overdid the nickname of our own thing a little bit too much Web week. Are you out of your mind? Are you nuts? I think you overdid it. You know what? But everything I said about you before is true. Multiply time is 10. That was one of the funny shows. What? That two live crew is on. Is that on? Because he's on the other phone now. Once he gets on the other phone, there's, it's probably not even listening. You never in a good time, huh? No, I'm asking you to turn my gun. That's the quote. What is on? Got what the funny is show. What show? When you were. No, it was not the funny show. It was one of the funniest. It was a good show. Which one are we talking about? What two live crew, Nick Navarro. No, but you see the bottom line is the thing I did with playing the record. Which was to clean up version of the record and try to get everybody to play it in the car and roll a window down. Now see, if we had the audience that I used to have and had people who understood the whole point of it, something would have happened. But hey, something. Nothing happened. Something did. I heard the car. We have been. We don't roll down. But there was never any conversation about it. In other words, not enough happened that it meant anything, okay? You follow what I'm saying. Because when you're dealing with people who's IQ are smaller than their weight size, you got a problem. That is a problem. And most of these young guys, you got small weights. Real small. What is that? Like when that look. I think you're right. Would like some kind of a sexual overtone of that. There might be, but that's why there isn't what I meant. Although some of them. Boca. Yeah. Hello. Yes. Let me see. Hey, are you in Boca? Yes, I am. And I said hello. And you said yes. And then there was like this. Yeah, what's a surprise to hear you? Oh. It was shocking. Almost as shocking as it is to hear you. Maybe so. But I think you did great job with the two live crew. That was terrific. Listen, I'm not going to sit here and defend or debate every show that I didn't. First of all, I got it just called on the mobile that you're referring to, but it's a jackass to begin with. He is another one of these self-appointed program directors who would like to sit out there every day and tell us what should we should do. What we did right, what we did wrong, and he can blow it out his butt, okay? You're right. Yeah. You can blow it right out his big exhaust. That's good. Listen, I wanted to. I'm trying to get touch with that EJ guy. Yeah. Gino. Paul Stan. 131 at W.Y. How do you like the call so far? I like the call. There's a lot of women are calling. Yeah. A lot of folks older. Then us 12 for calling. That's a good sign. People they can speak English. But you understand that Friday when you're here, there are all the lectures that are going to be calling. Making a gutterable sounds. You do understand that. Well, I'm very happy to have them come up with new gutterable sounds. Because Bill Colter said to me, last night, boy, I'm Friday. She's just not going to be able to handle that. He didn't say that. He didn't say that. He didn't have to say it like that. It sounds so good. I just like getting him in trouble. Because he deserves it. Palm Beach. Hey, Randy and Neil. Hey, y'all doing it. Okay. You know, Neil, boy. Randy and Neil, she now even got like second billing. I don't want to be clear. I can handle it. We're not in here, is he? I know, Randy. But we're looking forward to hearing you for a day anyway. Thank you. More than a day on my, I can't, I can't be. I just want the whole show that. I just want to say he was. I just want you to say he was. My wife. You want to do whatever thing. Anyway, Neil, you really, really made me thirsty. You mentioned that LeBot Spirit. It's great. It's not LeBot. LeBot. You're a bad. LeBot. Yeah. LeBot. Yeah. When they get a little bit of me, right? I got it. By the way, we do have what open line and brown. They're one in Bokin. I wouldn't want to let the guys down to two. You got a bunch of, but kissing with and there's on time. They like your change when you haven't even changed. Is that believe? Are you attacking our wonderful audience? It's just just just one. You know what you're doing? You're doing one round. Wonderful, lovely audience. That has this great, the butt kissing ability. Is that what you're doing? You're a, they all have noises that it's so brown that I don't know. I think the bottom line is there a lot of people out there were getting sick and tired of hearing the same crap on a year as I was. And they're just tickled in that that it's not there. Even for just one day they're relieved. Tell you, right, let's admit it about the apology from your old night late night shows. Yeah, I sent my review mirror. I got to tell you that, you know, we just, we're fans of yours. Those of us that are true blue fans. I want to, anyway, I want to be ponderous. I want to tell Jeff Wright a rep and a pomp and a that he's a butt bag. Do you spag? A butt bag. See you. And he's talking about the other colors. One, 33 and W.O.D. That was out of Palm Beach line. I just mentioned that in passing. You'll enjoy that line the most. Miami. Hey, Neil. Yeah. It's Tony. I'm proud to know that my brothers and uncle and I'm a father. Well, congratulations, Tony. Hi, I'm Tony. Monday. See my wife gave birth to a baby girl. Okay, and who's was it? I mean, what's what's the name? Alexandria. There is grace. Outstanding. You're losing any weight Tony? Well, already 15 pounds. Yeah. And still, you know, I haven't been needing that much. I've been nervous like. Yeah. You know, through before like the last two weeks on my wife pregnant. Oh, this is your first baby? Yeah, my first baby. Oh, great. And it looks like you're wife, I hope. Yeah. She's big. Seven point five. You know, seven pounds. Like I said, she's going to look just like Tony. She's long. She was 20 inches long. I mean, she's 20 inches long. Yeah. 20 inches long. I didn't know they measured the babies. They measured by 10 meters and then they could have, you know, They're not in half. Yeah. That's only on the male. You have twins. Yeah. So, no, that's what they thought. She had that she had when she walked in the hospital. She had twins. They had to take another sonogram and decide to see if it was twins or not. Because she had a big stomach. She would have married her. She weighed. I was supposed to send your wife in for the sonogram. Not you, Tony. No, no, no, no. Yeah, she weighed 120 pounds. And then when she gave birth, she weighs 172 pounds. Woo. Heek woman. Yeah. She gained a lot of weight. Well, I'll tell you there must be a lot of rumble again. That neighborhood. I'll tell you that. So, my brother's uncle for the first time. Right. He's happy. Ricky is happy like that. Well, he's always happy. He's always smiling a lot. I'm not sure I know why, but I think I have a good idea. And I caught the family then, now. Well, congratulations, Tony. You're all can't. I'll keep up the adiad. Please. All right. All right. Well, nice. 135. How? At W.I.O.D. I think Carter was right. And, uh, he loves you. He thinks you're just... Why? I love him. He's marvelous, too. He still loves me a bagel, by the way. Does he? Well, I'm sure he'll be right over with it. Okay. Anyway, speaking of food, if you want a fabulous steak, did I ask you this the other day? Yes, yes, yes, yes. Come on. Randy was telling me a thing during the break about channel four. Does it give you an idea of what slime bags they are? They went over to Waxi yesterday morning or Monday. Monday. To take Budell's first morning on the year. And I was that pathetic. Is that embarrassing? I mean, he's about as exciting. He's about as much news as a snowflake in Utica in the December. There'll be there tomorrow. Utica. Yeah. Oh, Greg? No, channel four. And Jeff Chase. Oh, we can't mention his name, sir. North Miami Beach. Hi, doing Neil. Great. You know, I remember you from my old refrigerator when you started over there. And we mentioned something before about what they call chemistry. And how you and Dave and the bird all clicked at the same time. Yeah. But then what happened is you became like Ward Bond with the wagon train. Everybody jumps on your train to do the same exact thing. Yeah. Stand to great guy. I mean, when stance comes on at night and it's not a clock at night. And he says everybody put your headlights on from a, you know, to see what kind of it audience he has. I mean, he gets a little pondress. And he, I mean, he went on and on and playing your stuff and who's stopping. And he was not spontaneous. It's like that's all from Detroit. Did it pertain? Yeah. That like the call to somebody with repeating the phone number. That's spontaneity. I mean, that's just was not a spontaneity. That's spontaneous. I'm sorry. Oh, I wasn't a word. It made up. Yeah. But in other words, it was spontaneous. If you don't understand that's this market. There are more rip off artists and more unoriginal people in this market. They did who have no talent. They have no act like Johnny Dark. It's like listening to you a lot of times somebody will say something like you just call me with that word spontaneous. Okay. And then you'll repeat something and it goes right over there. Like they don't understand it. And then I'll yes or what we think. Yeah. And they have no, they're totally oblivious. And this is what I see. Like I would rather talk to people who have an IQ larger than their waste. About what I believe. And at least they can understand. Well, that's good. That's a big improvement. At least, when they can understand what I'm talking about. We can have a little something as opposed just to people who can understand but load and do Spag. That's not enough. That's not enough to make a radio show. There's no cross over it. Remember how you said the one time that they accused you of everybody following every word that you said. If you told them to all jump like. Oh, yeah. Jim, they were. Okay. But that's what basically it's true to the fact that they don't get on the show on a do Spag. Do Spag. And become so ponderous with. Do Spag. Yeah. And then they would do that thing. Remember when you had the lightning round the afternoon? Do I ever? I think it was funny. It was great for a while until they roamed it. And then it went on. And then it all of a sudden it was what they wanted to floor hours of that. Yeah. And see, this is the same thing like with Rick and Sudge. Then they have a great show. They really do. They have court. They have the report going right now. They're hot right now. But one of the problems that Rick has. He doesn't know when to say when either with some of the callers. He had a woman call last week about. She was being charged with a child neglect because she was going to work. That call this about 25 minutes. And this is where they take over the show like a super Dave. I don't know if you really know who the super Dave is. Well, I've seen him a couple times up at Pompano. He's a big fat young guy. He was gone for Y100. I know that. He was the one. He wanted to cut the coffee. He'd go get the sweet low. He was a go for it. And he was also the kid that would sit there. You know, like I wanted to comedian tells a joke. Yeah. And they go to the bomb. That's what he would do. That was an entire job. And nothing more. And then I became a radio maven. And that's what the problem is. He get everybody. I don't understand why in this market, we got like about a half of the people who think that they have some God given right to come on every station on every show. And monopolizing, calling him, they feel like it and buddhist and open up a big mouth and ramble on about stuff that nobody knows about. Nobody cares about. Nobody would ever care about. And that's the category he and his buddy, Mr. Radio fall into. I'm not interested in them or anything they have to talk about. Absolutely. And this is right. And then they start with the crank calls and the abuse and the crap. They ought to both be behind bars somewhere. And I'm not joking when I say that there. They're the thing that he does. Get a life. Yeah. We'll have to market and get a life. Okay. And it just goes on and on. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. One forty three. What are you smoking about? Nice call. Hitting that button. No, I just dump one thing out because there's something that they haven't informed you about how they. Yeah. Well, no you haven't. You say you have all. But they have said nothing. See, that's one thing about this radio station. And I don't want to go back because I'm going to have a occasion in a couple of days and I feel great. But they bring people in here and they sit him down. They tell them nothing. No, they told me something. Not much. Not much. I got a list. No, I'm serious. No, I am too. And then they just turn them loose and they wait for you to do something that they don't like or they don't want you to do. Then they all. Jay, you see, that's not the way to run a radio station. And I'm not saying that they have to play a bunch of boss. But they should sit people down and say, Okay, here's where the lay of the land is. And here's certain things to avoid. Here's certain things we don't discuss. You know, that that would come in sense. That was like, but that situation I've known about for a while. No, but I'm just saying they haven't done that. And like Bennett and I thought he had a pretty crappy act. Okay. But even if he were good, he had no chance. Get the, no, go on. Exactly. Get no chance. And like these guys in the afternoon, they're acting as hot. They're doing a great job. Do you go, do you see any promotion? Do you see any television spots? Do you open up your newspaper? Do you see a half a page ad on the radio team? He pages his Rick and Suts, the hottest thing in the afternoon since the sunshine or anything. Or channel where you're greeting them and nothing. Zero. Okay. So all these trends and all these numbers you see right here are a reflection of some of the most pathetic, some of the most embarrassing lack of promotion and lack of ingenuity that I've ever been involved with. Okay. And I show up every day because they pay me a hell of a lot of money. I mean, any normal some amount of money. Okay. And I like that. I understand. What the hell do I just say? I understand that. Okay. Yeah. Bet you do. Croll Gables. Yeah. Good for you. For Lodderdale. Meal. Yes. How are you? Okay. It looks good. Yeah. We have a burn steak house. What? When will you over the burn? Hold on a second. I'll let you know. What are you doing, Melvin? If you lost our we'll law. I mean, I know you're not paying too much attention, which is not usual, but let's get serious. West Palm Beach. Hey, Meal. Yeah. I think I think Melvin thinks we're going to WKAT, okay? Now things to definitely be worth lead dollar is asking people to call him and give him pisses over the fault. He has a kids no meter to rape them. You have to be jokes. No, he wants to women to call and then a guy called. Yeah. And said, I'll give you kisses. You're kidding. This is no. He says, will there be any tongue action? And the guy says, what do you want? Console hockey? He's a sure one. There's mine. He'd love to too. He made the guy kiss him twice. He made it with me. Oh, man. I'm like Lee. Anything that's alive. He's also out there panting for fun as if he needs it. In credible. Okay. I feel a lot better now. All right. Thanks. Okay. Hope Nick is still listening. Okay. That's what you're going to be up with. If you go up there with Lee Fowler, show Nick. You think you got problems here? Why do you keep doing that? You have that look. I was called smiling. I know you see it. No, it's not a smile. That's a smirk. Yeah. I like a purse lips. Like you wanted to give Lee a little kiss yourself. Yeah. The raspberries were very tart. I think raspberries has something to do with it. Anyways. Who? What does he have to do? You'll tell them to get out? No. Bill McQuig, the Yahoo Texan, the Bordop News Guy, who they made a talk host for a couple of months here at IOD. Roger sits in a here because Venerior runs his own board. Right. Okay. So Roger sits in your answers. The phone plays the cards, does his little thing. And Bill McQuig came in one morning about 9.30. The first morning was doing his talk show from Dendatu. And he says to Roger, hey, what are you doing in here? You got to get out of here. I've got to get ready to do a show. What did he do to get ready? Who McQuig? He Yodels. Now this is a setup. This is another California call on their dime. There's no way in one day we get three calls from California. And we'll get first of all it would be a quarter. And so conspiracy. Now it's not I just wanted to see if you wish my daddy, yeah. I have a setup. I wish you I wanted to know if you could wish my daddy a happy birthday today. What is that like your sugar daddy? No, his name is Brian Wilson. He's 48 years old today. Yeah, sure. He is. You're not Brian Wilson, Jr. I am big. BW, you're in your I am your beach boy family. Yeah, I know who it is, but don't try to say is your daddy's where the problems are ready. You didn't get out of bed that often. I'll tell you that. I'm going to see if you can stay in bed. I was going to be doing other things in there. I would refer to him as my god, not my daddy. But it is his birthday today. And I just want to tell you what the say happy birthday Brian Wilson. We love you all. Randy, how you doing? Fine. Listen, I've looking forward to hearing from you. Great. You are great. I'm the radio and you are the best. Don't get off the press. We are there with you. Even if you do a fun cool goal. Yeah. I know those oldies man. I can do all the talk. That's why I keep in practice. Take care. Okay. I'll see you when you're people. Wild. Hey Neil. How are you? Great. How you doing? Oh, back at you. Don't load. Oh, come on. You're a big. This is a man. G-man. In G-man. Hey, how are you? It doesn't sound like the G-man. This is the G. I had a rough night. I'm trying to lick my wounds from a high line. Excuse me? We hit super effective. Three times. Really? Yeah. For how much? 2400. Oh, it's not bad. Yeah, it's why I'm not working today. Sounds like a real rough night to me. Either way, I want to thank the people that the prestigious vagabond magazine, the vagabond. For this big piece in here along with me and Ann Bishop. Oh, he's a big piece of the hat. Yeah, well, I'm bigger than she is. No way. She's bigger than. Like a BLL. I know. That too. Okay. Listen, G. Yeah, man. Have a great life. We love your baby. Hi, now. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm so bored. I know all these people are calling and they've been telling you how they listen to this and they say that and I have been in an out of town. So I know it's a little bit. I got to tell you right about the promotion. It's really bad because I've never even heard about drug radio. And if it wasn't my car being re-bored, I wouldn't be listening to Anne Raider to begin. However, I'm glad I am listening to it because I got to the bottom. I just work with my friend Randy. Is it right following us? I'm sure it's slow down. In any case. You bought a car for Randy? From Randy. My friend Randy. Yeah. I told the guy, huh? I told me it's car. I told him he was car. I should be depressed about it because they took my show. I'll be the bank. I'd write it on the payments. But that's another story. The bank took your show. They took my show. Yeah, easy. But I'm not found you guys. I found you guys. Really? It's worth it. See, it all worked out in the end. It's worth it. It's worth it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if the format is. We don't either. I can't. They don't either. But it's fine. I found out I ran to work. I tried to put on the AM. It doesn't go out of the railroad. We got a problem with that. I got a lot of fun. The electric was great. This week is, uh, I don't know. I got out the track. It's right in the creative of pink shoes. I got conventions of Italian. I got talking about the old pizza policy. 1920. Did this man have a? 82. Huh? We said have a nice day. Take it easy. Okay. Let's go to a pepper pond. Hello. Yeah, sir. Oh, God. I'm glad to hear your back now. Hey, bossa. I thought after you dumped the bird, you might go back to doing a real radio again. I'm glad to see your head and there. Well, we didn't want to do it right away. We made him look bad. You know, I remember the cutting morning shows you should do on went. We're, uh, hilarious with, uh, the catfish lady and all of them. I don't think you're going to go back to that area. But, uh, I'm going to call her though because, uh, amazing. Enough. Did you hear that I got a letter from her today, which if I can find where I stuffed it. I've got her phone number now. Great. Yeah. She's jack and four. She's in the back and hot springs. Arkansas. How do you like that? And her husband's retired. And I got her phone number. And so I'm going to call her on here tomorrow. Honey like James. She was fun. She was fun. Yeah. Why? She didn't make gutteral noises and she was not over the age of 100. She was a fun person. Yeah. I haven't talked. She's like, my mommy's ice jacket. So, and thank you for getting a moral and to get it for me. Yeah. Good old model. How's he doing? He's doing great. Is he? No. I don't know. I'm thanking you for getting my jacket. I said it took forever to get it. That's how long this is a torture. Incredible. Well, those were the days. And Melbourne to do his own show there. He's no car wisely, but he's pretty good. He's working on it. That's right. I'll find people. See you. Okay. Now, is that Chuck Meyer Jr. Finding chance Chuck and Chuck Jr. Chuck brought his son. He's going to pitch for the pirates tonight. Are you also a pirate fan? He is. Well, listen, don't let it get to you. Okay. I mean, just it was nice while it lasted me prepared for the worst because it's going to happen. But, you know, everybody likes a little bit of little taste of the glory. Okay. Regulations has been a great year. Let's end it tomorrow. That's what the cubs are all saying. Let's end it tomorrow. We won. Cubs win. Cubs win. We won last night. How many things? Good. Good win. Well, a two to one. I mean, it was pretty shaky. They're in the last inning. But we won. And they took Don Zimmer off or we had. They pulled a metal plate out of his head and expected it to put it back. It's a very strange looking guy. He's a great guy though. He is. He's fun. He's funny. He's emotional like his eyes roll around. In fact, they caught him in the dugout last night. He must have known the camera was on. He was making me spaces, rolling his eyes around. And they put it on the air. And he just cracked up. It was great. Hey, listen, it's like us. We may not be killing the world, but we're having a good time. If you last. Right. And taking a nice bed paycheck every Thursday. Well, some of us. Mm-hmm. Anyway, let's take one last call. Hollywood. Hey. I am calling to thank you. You ran a spot earlier this hour for an air conditioning company. Right. So I gave him a bow. And I mentioned your name, because the deal just sounded a little. I couldn't believe it. Yeah. I didn't even call. They sounded like great people are coming out of my house today to do an estimate. They are. Listen, Tom mentioned Tom Denver's name and they'll treat you so good. It'll be frightening. I think they do a hat trick if you mention his name. Exactly. Even better than Frank Mahavolid. They start walking around on their hands to figure out how big your house is. Right. But I'll let you know what happened. Even Steve Iserman and Versailles had trick like that. Good luck to you. Thanks, Pat. Have a good vacation if I don't talk to you. I have a lot. But like, see, now is that his to response? Absolutely. And I am too, because it's time to go home. Anyway, Randy will be here with us tomorrow. Hang it out and doing little stuff. And just getting ready, getting the lay of the land, the field of the crown. So to speak. Rick and Smut are coming along. Next there, going to really, at that Rick Riley man. He's in rehab right now. They got him on the couch. He's strong. He's following. He's following. Those chipmunk cheeks are exploding. Don't forget, we got the GM Michael McGay tonight. For standard eight o'clock. And we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10.