He comes from fishing with the other one. It's a bit believable. That's all I can say. Boy, did I screw up? Did I screw up at its time to make a man just to be replaced? Let's do this. I go to that ridiculous little shoebox theater and see a great magnificent movie. And I come in here. I don't even heard half of the dialogue because the sound is so bad there. Haven't seen half of the movie because I'm watching it from like over on the wall in the third row last night. Okay, that's enough. Last night I go to a real movie theater. AMC movie theaters by the way outstanding in Davy on Pine Island at state road 84. Have to take a helicopter to get there depending on where you're coming from but really outstanding. First I saw good fellows on a scale of 10. I give it a 9. Very good. Did you see it? Do you like it? Very good. The only thing that I, well I mean you can nitpick with any movie. I thought it was excellent. The acting was terrific. The only thing I'm curious about is how did this guy who played the lead to guys who's in the, uh, witness protection program. How is it that the 28th or 13 when he was this real cute kid with a smooth cheeks? And 21, all of a sudden he had zits like James Woods on a bad day. He must have either been eating a lot of chocolate or too much feeling to change one of the other. Okay. But so that was a little, uh, just didn't seem that that was credible. But I mean, that's nitpicking. The acting was great to know. Of course, as always was great. And uh, nitrous story. The only other negative in the movie was the fact that he had a very annoying voice. And he did the narrative on a whole thing because it was his personal story. And he's still alive. I'm like most of the other people in the movie. You've got it and deserved it. But uh, it was very, very good. If you're, now in the middle, there was something like maybe 20 people in that theater for that movie. And it's elderly couple after the first 20 minutes to go up and they walked out. But evidently, they've never heard the effort before they couldn't handle language. And they got up and they ran out, shrieking and carrying on. Et cetera. But I thought it was a terrific. And the people have called in said, however, anybody who tries to compare good fellows to any of the three God fathers is Westland, Dixie. It's a whole different world. Okay. I mean, the subject matter is very similar. But that's where the similarity ends. But I want to apologize to everybody as if they could give it to everybody who had anything to do with Godfather three, except of course, Sophia. I mean, she's still a pig. People were laughing last night. There were people who knew me and the theater was in a big theater. And at AMC, thank goodness, with a surround sound, the big screen. It was great. And a couple of the people sitting right behind me. There was a couple of new who I was. They talked with me before the thing went. And when she came on with the snaz and the lips, they were hysterical. They were like Connie in the first movie. hysterical. I'm sure there are people out there saying she is he going to do another for it. And I look, we could talk about his Steve bigger than an acorn today. But let's face it. Nobody cares about it. And secondly, our eyesight ain't that good. And I am just so amazed at what a difference. You know, I was saying to George before the show today, if I was just some slumper on the street and didn't have a radio show to talk with the pubic about these things. And I've gone to see it the movie the first time in a little theater. And missed half of the dialogue, I wouldn't even understand it. I would have missed like a third of what the movie was about last night. I was just overwhelmed with how different it was when you see it on a real screen. So those of you who go to see Godfather 3, please, please try to go see it in a theater bigger than your bathroom. Okay. I mean, it really helps. It's just one of those films that have been for all of its splendor and the scenery and the dialogue, which again is a little hard to pick up just like Godfather 1. Because they're all talking like this. Like they're talking like marve Albert on a bad day, like somebody ripped their vocal cords out. And I realized that I had missed part of the story in some of the people have called in thank goodness on Wednesday and straightened me out so to speak. Thank goodness for them because I had missed the thing about the Pope. Obviously, the new Pope, the one had got drank the tea. He was there buddy. He was going to clean things up. Going to straighten everything out. Get rid of all this trash. All these people are ripping off the Vatican bank and etc. And that's why he didn't live very long. One of the great lines in this movie. Well, are several great ones, but the greatest line of me in the movie is Michael is sitting up with Connie outside with the God mother. I mean, she is brutal. She's great. He's sitting out there and he says, you know, I tried to go legitimate. I kept trying to deal with the higher ups and he said, a higher up I went, the more crooked it got. And to me, that's just that was the epitome of this whole thing. Just what it's all about. And I still am amazed that we must have really made a lot of progress because I'm everyone got farther one came out. The Catholic Church and at that time Joe Dodge, Joe was hosting the today show on it, which is embarrassing with his bald head and his illiterate mouth. But the Joe Gary's Yolves on there, of course, being a tag in from St. Louis and was just caring on about the, with the Italian defamation league and had all these priests on there carrying on. If this was a blast from me, it was an infom, there. Now all of a sudden, I guess, because so much of the truth is out and there's so much history in this movie, I don't hear anybody saying anything. I guess most of the arts vision, very, very better keep their mouth shut. They may be connected to all of it. You know what I'm saying? But it is a must. I mean, it is 20 green lights. I'm going to revise my ratings. Okay, for that, I was rethink and is, yeah, is if mine count, but I'm just my opinion. If it's like assholes, everybody's got one. Okay, Godfather won a 10. Godfather, two a 10. And this one, a 9.9. Okay, and that's only because of her nose. And as far as George Hamilton before, he seemed too many reviews ahead of time. Sporles it for everybody, too many too much crap before it. George Hamilton before I can't stand him. He didn't do anything wrong and the movie was fine. He was his role didn't do all that much. He had like maybe 10 lines in a home movie, Loki. He was fine for what he did. She, even with the big snar, she didn't detract it all. In fact, it had like a little comedy to it. The only one I still say, Eli Wallock, that's where that 10th of a point goes for his horrendous road test performance. Eli have another canoli, that's all I can say. Okay, it's 10 13 at W. Hi, OD will be right back. Oh my God, God, problems with this home and Coco plumb. I was a small kind of money in maintenance fees. Kick his ass out, that's what we say. Kick his ass out for the holidays and do the neighborhood of favor. By the way, speaking of neighborhood, thanks to the wonderful folks at Coral Gables Branch post to ORAFIS. Look at us, they all donated, I guess, for Christmas gifts, they give them these $10 foods who deliver from pubics from publics and they all donated them to a commels house. We got a whole bunch like the counted like about 45 of them, which is $450 with a food from publics. So thank you for, for, for, for, for, for our friends at Coral Gables Branch post ORAFIS. Next Friday, we are, uh, where go, we're going to do our show from Corder from the rooftop garden of roof garden on a fourth floor in a clubhouse. So you're going to have to spring for four bucks to get in the clubhouse to come up in the C.S. to be part of the show, but we're going to be drawing for all kinds of good stuff. Low jack system, the Discovery Cruise for two, a prodigy computer startup kit, passes for two to the router right or open, but we can for two at far our blank o' Marine resort in the keys. All kinds of goodies, lunches and admissions and box seats from Corder and a whole bunch of other stuff. Next Friday, tended to up on the roof garden. I bet you'll last year will be there, and Phil Sautzman and a partridge in a pair of trees. Miami. Hello. Okay, I like it, but it's like in another room. Okay, like in another house, season living room with this little of phone, and the guys doing stick lock in the house next door. Excellent job, we can't hear you, okay. It reminds me that first theater I saw the movie in Melbourne. Melbourne. Yeah, where the hell is Melbourne? Good morning, Neil. You're in Melbourne? Yeah, believe it or not. Florida Ross, Australia. Green, Varg County. Wow. Outstanding. And it is wild. Yeah, you could say that, but you've never visited apparently. Yes, I have. I've been in Palm Bay. Oh my god, I've meldy aroma of that horrendous river up there and it is beautiful. Well, when the shelf is short, right? The reason I'm calling you this morning, Neil, is I have a proposition for it. Probably not as good as the one from that Jockey, a pop in a park last week, but most is good. I have a ticket to this Sunday's close game that I can't use. Yeah. And I wondered if you might be interested in a trade-out. If you could sell this and get a donation for the Camilla South, if I could be the benefactor of one of your wonderful tapes. How are you going to get the ticket? Either I could express it to you or express it to the box office there. I don't know one of the logistics. Now, we got a time problem on this. The problem would be, uh, because there's not going to be anybody here tomorrow to take it and the game is on Sunday afternoon, but I'm afraid we'll have to pass. But I appreciate it. Yeah, I wish that we could have done it a couple of days sooner, I'd have been ecstatic. I had no idea that it was in the last minute. Last minute. So you really did like to go on the street? I thought it was not, and listen, anybody out there who saw it is some of the colors we've had earlier this week, ripping it, you people are morons, okay? I realized movies are very subjective, but anybody who wants to not this movie is an idiot. I mean, it is just breathtaking. And the scene and the opera, that is, it just builds and builds. It's so fabulous. Well, coming from a shimper on the street, I wouldn't know like you, but I'll take your words. No, I'm telling you, I'm hardly a woman. Huh? We have no theaters in Melbourne. I mean, most of the movies could I see in my life have people with no clothes on, but I'm telling you, this, this was outstanding. Neil, there's a pleasure. Have a great week. Have a good life, Tim. Okay. 21 after Lieutenant W.I.D. We have an open line at Broward 5249463-524-Wild. Miami. Yeah, you don't, Neil. Okay. I've heard the other day saying about Godfather and Network probably being your two favorite movies. Yeah. And I probably see you probably much in expert on a couple of movies. I had a couple of throw at you. One of them was at the Neuro movie when you spoke with the Neuro the other day. He didn't mention this one. What do you think about the deer hunter? Didn't see it. Ever saw it? I think that was one of the best ones. How about midnight express? Oh, very good. Excellent. Yeah. Yeah. I think those were, one of them. All of again, the book was better than the movie. Certainly was. And I agree with you on Godfather and I saw twice already in the third one. And he's trying to see it. He gets better. Oh, yeah. I'm going to go see it again. I left there last night. I wasn't heaven because I thought, thank God. You know, first I thought maybe I'm silly. I'm watching it again two days later. But when you see it in a shoebox, you know, and you can't hear the sound and you don't know what the hell is going on. It's just, you don't know what the, you haven't even seen the movie really. You get a chance, like you were telling people to pick up Network. You get a chance, test it, dear Hunter. I think you'll find us maybe one of the best movies ever made. Okay. Have a good one. You too. 1022, where movie intensive this way. But let's face it the holiday season. That's all they're talking about is the holiday movies, right? And Johnny Depp, you're a wonderful guy. But I'm not going to go see when at silly, uh, Freddie Kruger movie. I'm sorry. They keep showing the previews for that before all these movies. I'm seeing it is just, I know, somebody of Paul said, oh, it was great. Good. Have a wonderful life. I'm glad you enjoyed it. I want to see Johnny Depp without all the makeup on. Okay. And without too much clothes. I just, uh, course it does make you kind of wonder about Johnny, you know? Be careful what you do with those scissors. Anyway, we want to invite you to check out, expect me to believe that that work is on the line. Is this the real work? Oh, work that grows all over. I can't believe it. But if you go to Rome, you call the Pope. You come to Miami. You call the King of Miami. How you doing, Neil? Is this work? Yep, now. How are you, huh? Yeah. How you doing? I'm here, Ward. All right, you're, uh, how's Joey doing? I'd love me to write. I saw him last night. No, you didn't. Got the hell I did? I thought he slept with the fishes. Ah, he's a good shape now. He's a good shape. Do one line. He had a little bit of bad luck. Do one line. What's he doing? Yeah, just hanging. Oh, no. Oh, no. He's always packed with you. Yeah. So what, uh, how many satellite dishes do we need to pick up your new show? I, uh, first about to pick up my new show on CNBC. What you got to do is you got to move my game. I'm state of public for a couple. You mean on the cable? I've seen that. I got a satellite dish. More area down here, Neil. Where, uh, 2016 people who live in that area get the show. When you're at the water, are you? Only if it's raining. In 10 more? Yeah. Where the hell is that? Oh, see, see? Oh, I should be people there. Oh, go on, about it. Yeah. But I have a satellite. I have a satellite. I have a satellite. I have a satellite. I have a satellite dish, more. You have a satellite dish? So I've seen the show. Oh, bro. I hit the, uh, but you go. But, uh, now aren't I being a nice guy this year? No, I'm no one that's being a nice guy because I haven't said anything about the show. So how did you, how did you, how did you, uh, something nice about the show? It's on the air, which is more than a lot of people can say. Oh, right? Hey, listen, stay in there, punch and ride with the house. So how did the thing go last? Oh, terrible. Carable. What does that mean? Well, they broadcasted, they cut it off the air. We're, hold, we're all tested. Huh? Who broadcasted it? That, uh, little station they got up here. They broadcasted it? Oh, yeah. No. Ruck it, though, yes. And then, get this now. It's a, it's a talk on censorship, right? They cut the show off the air in the middle of the show because it was too rough. Oh, that's true. That's true. I mean, here they are. We're aiming a boat. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We're aiming a boat. We're aiming a boat. You're, you're poor, my thing, aren't you? No, I'm not, I don't think I'll go near your thing, man. Thank God. You couldn't find it. Are you serious? All steam was there. We couldn't find his either. Sheriff, how was there? They had to cut him off? They cut the whole. Somebody don't want the air half the way through. What did that, what did that do to it? What does your buddy steam have to say about that? When our steam was for he had nothing to do with cutting it off, I wish some other guy cut it off. Some conservative who says you can't do these type of things, but then again, and of course, the conservative cut it off. It's not only done with it, but I can serve it out. God, oh, my dear, Betcher Rush Limbal must have invaded the studios. You're too bad, Rush, what's down here? He would have filled the room by himself. Exactly. Put him in Debbie Ellison, the same studio made in Houston. But 10, 10,000 pounds of lard is what you can. Are you behaving yourself? I'm doing great. Everything is wonderful. Raising a lot of money for the homeless, and we're having a good time. We're plunging our brains out at the track. We got a little bit of an audience out there. What the hell? Get the best audience out there. But the point is, when you talk about your things to the homeless, you are one guy who talks about it. Those out does something. You're unlike so many of these Hollywood stars who claim they're going to do something. And then charge, and arm, and they'll like to do it. When you know what kills me, these different fundraising things where they go out and they sing, and we are the world, and we are this way of that. And they raise a few million dollars, and with a cost, the overhead, they wind up raising almost nothing. And if each lot of them would put in a million bucks, which they can afford, like pocket change, the rest of us, we'd have something. We're out of the register. Good example of Elizabeth Taylor is doing this fundraiser for AIDS. They showed up to do a commercial. And a free decommers, she agreed to do. She was an hour and a half late, which she came down. She didn't like the camera guy cancel the whole shoot. It cost him over $100,000 to get a no shoot from Elizabeth Taylor. And she is supposed to be heading to May, raising the bill. And you know why the hell is she charging for? Yeah, incredible. So anyway, let's, I don't want to rub this in all that we really do. But the thing last night was a disaster. No, not a disaster, but you know, I mean, let's face that the iceberg has been hit to the ship as a whole in the side of it. And the captain is singing. Who is on a pal Goldstein and you? Goldstein and the women. Rick Anderson who got teed off in the second show and walked out because someone said, Neil Rogers gives money to charity. How much have you given in the guy said, I support $3,000, kids in Haiti. And the guy said, oh, that's a lot of crap. That's incredible. And the Reverend Rick Anderson got up said five or six curse words to demonstrate that he is a true and a man of God, yeah. God, that's a split. And then of course you had my towel. He was there. He was a ghost. Yeah. As usual, the only thing he can talk about is himself and food. And food. The well, the rest food goes without saying. I mean, I've known how ghosting through so many various weight losses of weight gain. So while I remember the movie is skate from New York, they got a new one coming out the man who ate New York, starring Al Goreston. Yeah, just sitting in a room with food. Hey, can I put a mode on your show? Where the hell this thing is taking place tonight so we can, uh, why are you? You're doing another one? I'm going to do two more up tonight. Would Steve? Yes, he is. Hey, again. Why listen, when you got the audience that he's got, I guess we need to promote it. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. When you're laughing, but you know it's true. That's true. That's the only station in America. You have to screw a life all the time. You're a puppet in order to pick it up. It's a try. And not so the guy has a great killer respect for you. Why do you sure would never know that on the air? Oh, of course it's all theater. You're only wearing that thing. Oh, I'm seeing him in the game. I mean, get out there and do a little show. Yeah. And so you're throwing a world with the ass. Yeah, both crap is what we call. Okay, where are you going to be more? Why are you really arse? 6 chains. Where? You've this is exchange cafe. Yeah. And that's over on sunrise. What load are there? Tonight. Yeah, tonight, I'll be there for a, an eight o'clock show and, uh, a, a third show. And tomorrow? I don't know. Oh, no, man. Japan, we're going to be by the blue. Oh, tonight is it, sir. Tonight's. That's it. Now are they going to broadcast? They have a broadcast. They're going to broadcast broadcasting. Oh, oh. They're going to broadcast and you have to get the guy come to the screen. If you don't lose my license, if you have to be safe. You mean it was, it was the owner? Yeah. No, seriously. It was King Paula cut it off. No, it was not Paula cut it off. Who was it? It was good. I was not. Not my Robert. Some guy. Yeah, that was that. That was that. What, I thought he's out. Well, apparently cut it off. I, because I heard him say just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in. That's what I thought he said or that was Michael Corley on maybe I'm not sure. But good luck, more. Now, I hope you have a turnout and I hope I'll look for the check in a mail for this. Thanks, dear. You get you. Get a bit of a set of good diver candy. There you go. All right, pal. Thanks, babe. I saw it. Worked down in junior. I can't believe it. I'm sure Steve gave him the bat line number to get some publicity. Hey, Steve, listen, anything we can do. Just don't talk about your acorn anymore. Because people are laughing all over the time. They saw the play. And I remember that battle of the Atocos when you buried it for all mankind and Shirley said, boy, no big deal there. What an exaggeration that was. Okay, 1034. Let's take a mobile and have insurance. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. I kind of agree with you. I'd like to just turn it down with less milk up then. Let's close. Yeah. Well, not less close. A lot less close. Well, but I do want to defend the movie. I thought it was a great movie. Edward, is your hands? Yeah, with a great listen. I hope he makes millions. I like Johnny. A good kid, they came in at day and gave us three and a half hours. He does a good, well, did a good thing when he was on the show. He's not on it anymore with the on Fox 21. Well, straight in the good anti drug message. And he's just, you know, from a kid, he used to sleep in a car like a bummed. A kid is now like a millionaire. We need to stay close to him. Right. And also Andy Garcia, we love you, Andy. Get that check in a mail, baby. We need to help. Well, anyway, I just wanted to tell you I did agree with that. Okay. Okay. I've had great new year. So, I'm ready for a WIOD or used a camp believe that they cut that thing off of the year in a middle. On your first amendment, on your powerhouse, 250 watt nighttime talk station and for a lot of day, they cut it off in the middle. He would make that up. I mean, it's even, that's too embarrassing, even for Steve, to admit to a man on real. 1035 a WIOD where we never cut it off because somebody beat you to it and will be right back. WIOD, two open lines and Broward 524 WIOD. Well, we've had a lot of stuff to do here. We got the blockbuster bolt and I had 730 right, Penn State, Florida State. Woo! We got the Don Shulisho at 605, sports talk at 625. We got Dick and Dota 2. And what am I leaving now? Oh, yeah, the blockbuster bolt, well, we just had a spot on it. Tailgate party begins at 5 this afternoon under light pole S20. The dolphin tailgate party starts, uh, what? It's a little bit of a problem. It says, don't forget the 610 WIOD, dolphin tailgate party beginning at 5 p.m. Sunday is the dolphin game on in the evening that we don't know about. I don't think so. Dolphin games are one a clock. Well, I got a little confused. I think, uh, you've just come handle a pressure. I think the blockbuster thing is at 5 this afternoon. The dolphin tailgate party starts at 10 in the AM or 11 on Sunday morning. Whatever, we got a lot of stuff going on. That's all we know. A nail. Yeah. You know, my favorite scene wasn't that good fellow movie. Who was that little guy who was, had the big mouth? Tommy. Tommy? Yeah. Yeah. When he went in that bar and the guy was giving him a hard time about being a shine boy. She shine boy. Yeah. Blue and the way. And then they all, well, no, this is something we had. Oh, you mean they're going to do any shot of in the foot? No, no, no. Well, they had the big argument in the bar and, uh, Oh, the other one, the first guy. I thought you talked about the kid the bartender. Oh, yeah, the first guy. Yeah. Yeah, they didn't number on him. Yeah. So the guy. And he was still alive. Get? No, the first guy. All in the trunk. Yeah, he was still alive in the trunk for this guy. Must have really eaten his Cheerios that morning or something. Face sliced him up. They kicked him in a head. They did everything. They didn't put him in the trunk for a few hours. He still alive. Well, the bartender, well, they had the tape there. They all did their shots in the whole argument with over with. And then I'm certain that guy's fussed out with, uh, now don't get your blanking shine box. Yeah. Well, Blankin was his whole, I mean, that word was, uh, his whole repertoire that was it. Yeah, that was good. Oh, it was excellent. Very good moving. Take it. Oh, me love the goose bag. OK. Thanks. 1042 in WIWD. What opening in date 751, 1 in Broward 524, WI, D. And let's try deer field on the Palm Beach line. Hello. How you doing? I'm doing this. You know, can we press on here? Press on as in press on lips? Well, you know, let's, let's, let's, we cut the Steve's cane jar to the guy's brother's heart. Oh, what do you want to talk about, sir? Oh, we're not talking about Steve. He was mentioned by a guy who put him up to calling more downy junior, who's desperate to get a show out there tonight. So, I'm sorry. I come back from a week after vacation. He's still talking about Steve's pain. Like, can you tell me we're not going to talk about him? No, you're the one that brought him up, sir. You mentioned him now twice. Please, sir. I'll see you, Pablo. Oh, look who that is. Can you believe that jackass that Mr. G? When you're moving already asshole, huh? What are you moving? What a moron. Did you hear who that just was that you put on the air while you're busy talking to some yenton the phone? That was your buddy, Mr. Dry Clean. You are. I want to say this to him publicly. You are the biggest jerk. I even worse than the guy would be eyes, any of them. And in the 15 years I've been as market. I've encountered a lot of weird and bizarre people because they're out there. But you, Mr. G, are the biggest piece of walking experiment that ever was put on the face of the earth. You're just a jerk. And if allegedly you like to show and you're a big fan and you send me all this crap in a mail and your picture and your kid and your ugly wife. You know, what is your problem? Why can't you just be like a human being for a while or with that be too out of character? Right in the middle of the holidays, he still has to be a jerk. I tell you they're desperate on FTO. If I were you, what is he left? Yeah, he probably could hear him if he drives down a hoochie man trail a little bit there. They're desperate for people like you. Believe me. Please come next week when they start with their full-time abortion. Get in on him. I always thought his buddy was against abortion. The canole man is on the phone. Hey, I just enjoyed those canole. Oh, hey, you're so awesome. They were great. Yeah, I want to tell you not to worry. Steve came, sleep with a lot of this. Can you believe they cut that show off in the middle last night on his station? Why would they gone away with money? I wonder if what was putting us on about that. I don't think you'd make that up. How old are you making up something like that? Exactly. I mean, the coil you up to tell you, you know, why would you want to make that off? Yeah. Tell you how he was cut off. He said, I think what's a punch out of that, but tonight's show. Oh, desperately. Well, I was obvious, but I feel so sorry because more lost is 80 billion dollars that he had and he's on a station than nobody can pick up. That's it. Now, now, goldsteens are great guys. So two out of however is not so bad. Not a bad shot. I'm great. That's because good stones. I thought it was terrific. It was very good. I still want to tell you that God, I don't want to go on about it because we don't want to get Steven Mr. G upset. I'm afraid to go on. But Godfather 3 is so much better than I thought it was when I saw the first time that I feel like I've done a grave injustice. Yeah, well, I know when we talk and Wednesday and you missed the shot at the a bishop at the end. Yeah, back with. Yeah. You're a trouble. Well, no, because there were, well, see, I kept kind of backtracking trying to figure out what I had missed because I couldn't hear it and I couldn't see it. So I was always like a scene behind and the stuff that went by fast for get it. Did you ever see us with say these first film? The one he did about the mock guys, mainstream streets? Uh, yeah, long time ago. All right. Well, because I figured if you had to see it, pick it up in the video. So let's go on. Yeah. So let's go on. First, I never have to know you. Leave the gun. You got it. Bring the canola. Thanks a lot. You got it. That's a canola man from yesterday. Boy, he brought some of the most delicious George is nodding. He said, did you take that one home? Great. He dropped the gun. He brought the canola. Excellent George, you're learning fast. He could be our next Andy Garcia. We have an open line of day. It counted 751 and one in Palm Beach, 655, 9463, 655 WI. O.D. We're going to have Connie on the show one day soon. She's going to be the new program director. Yeah, give me the word. I got a word for him. I think Tommy had the word in the first movie. Several times. Miami. Yeah. A big ear of canola. This canola Eli's going to be a laser. The base. Eli Wallace? Yep. Oh man. I wish we had a shot at him. Literally. Where's somebody where to shot at him before they made the movie? He was embarrassed. I really go to the book and only the night. I mean, the daughter last night, I mean, you know, so she's grow test-looking, but then bother me and even George Hamilton kind of like blended in. I have no problem with anything because it will be with so much better. But Eli, you're getting it. Hey, you think that guy doesn't think Tommy deserves a Academy Award? I think he deserved what he got. So about time somebody shut his ass up already. Man, we'll see you up not just. God. But he put away a lot of people though. Do you like that scene in the beginning where the, what's the guy with a kid who played the leading role? What was his name? Jimmy? I mean, what was his character? And whatever in the beginning he's doing that thing, he said, you're really funny and he pretended like he was getting all that out of shape about what that was. That was intense. That was really, and everybody's getting real hushed around him and getting nervous. Right. Yeah. Right. He would have been a good friend. If he and Sunny Coralion could hang around together, they would have made a good poor. They'd probably blow each other's brains out the first 20 seconds. Thinking of that, you know, he was in the humble loan. The guy who played Tommy. Yeah. Well, that's a good place for him. Have a great new year. And you know, I saw the car father yesterday. I mean, oh, yeah. Well, is this like an afterthought, no? No, no. Bitch was in I was watching, I don't know if you saw it, but we, uh, what the same with, uh, Edward James almost, uh, oh man, not sure guy with him. You almost remember. Uh, I don't know. You're asking if the liver. You're asking me to remember the name. If a movie. Not in the liver. Not in the same. Who's on that night and he was in it. And he got she was in it. Great. He's terrific. So he was great. He's going to get in the Academy award this year. Yeah. So it was a flash. What happened with, what happened with,uttering John, you know, he got in the fight with the third in John. I have no idea who that is from, from, uh, because from New York. Starring. Oh, I don't know who that. Oh, from the TV show. I didn't see him. Yeah, they got in the big fight. Oh, I saw the clipper that. Yeah, I saw the clipper that. Yeah, I saw the clipper that can drive crap. And they get sent a fight with everybody. Still can't get a real job. Have a great new year. Second one. Second one. Great job. See, 1048 at WIOD. We have an open line of dates. 705-1. We have an open line in Palm Beach. 655-5-9463. 655-5-WIOD. What do we have here? What is that? Take it for, for what? What are the blunt-fustible grade? Is this like a donation for Camillo's Hospital? Thank you. Very, very much. That's incredible. Look at these. Outstanding upper level. This is in the nosebleed section, but they're great tickets. No, thank you. That's great. Well, okay. How are we going to do this? We'll have to come and pick them up before 5. Thank you. Have a great new year. Thanks. What is it? What is that? He just held up one index finger or one finger. No, what will do is we'll do like we did the other day. We'll take bids on these. What is that? Oh. Well, take bids on these. It's a parrot tickets for a nice black fustible as you know the game is sold out. Penn State for the state, the seminals and the knit knee line. I almost couldn't remember Penn State's nickname. And of course, that's easy knit knee line. Get a knit knee line. Get a knit knee uniform as Joe and get a new knit knee. Okay. Penn State is the most raggedy looking college major college team. Aren't they? They look ridiculous. Those uniforms. They look like something out of the 1930s. They look like something out of the 90s. The game 90s. And they're awful. Joe, get some new uniforms. Anyway, you call in your bid on those and whatever we get, we'll go to Camelosauce. You can bring your check and pick them up before any time the Saturday night. Or not. And we'll be right back talking about that. But I thought we'd play the music just to an always some people. Hollywood. Yeah. Hi. Neil. John. Yeah. John. Yeah. I was one of my theaters I covered. Graham C. Outstanding. Great theaters. No commercials by the way before the movie. And good previews and a great screen and excellent sound system. I was ecstatic. Yeah. I just appreciate you. That's true. Anybody. In fact, I told like my mother was asking me to let her know because my aunt, my mother, every son they go to see a movie. And when I told her Tuesday that I was going to go see it after I left her house. She said, be sure let me know how you like it because we'll go see it next Sunday. I told her I could go to a corner this morning on the way to work. I said be sure. But she's down on Sterling Road, not that far away. And I said, just to go up Pine Island to stay wrote a D4 and go in and see it out there. Because it's a great theater. It is the shame that that is a way like that. Well, I'll tell you one thing. Other than the first two or three rows, which of course nobody wants us to close. The place was packed, I mean, every seat was taken other than the first couple of rows. Yeah. Hey, everybody, is it pretty good theater for every seat that did it. Yeah. Yeah. It was like a hundred times better than what I saw on when on Tuesday so you know what had to be a fantastic Yeah, well you can really but you need to light and the sound to be on here So it helps. Yeah, I just wanted to mention that all the members who wrote the 646 of douche pad Okay, John. Okay, take care. Okay. I watch myself with those union guys. You know what I mean? It's 10.55 Oh, I'm just and you know the message there's so many messages I could get really model in which I probably shouldn't do but you know you'll watch that a couple of times and of course on the heels of the whole saga everything you read and this high-trees that I just read by Robert Groden and listen you know for us to be sitting here trying to change band kind and say the world forget it and they're gonna happen okay it's unfortunate but that's the reality of things okay people come along like Kennedy and Martin Luther King and Bobby Kennedy and the various others try to make changes try to buck the real establishment the people in power and that they're gone poppoked John Paul I first all of a setting went to bed and good health he didn't wake up in the morning okay That's the world that you live in folks it's a slaughterhouse so what do you like it or not happy holidays from six days okay 10.56 let's say we go oh no not hold it hold it okay that's enough what open line in date 751 and what of course in Palm Beach where they know would the land of indifference in Palm Beach 6559463 hialia dig Mario yes sir I said I brought it to be model his kitchen for Christmas holidays and he's got a trash compact you know and it perfectly good working over and range the winning of the house could use it he's got a what a brother he's got he just that redactuated his kitchen and he took out his old trash compactron his old other range and and so they should normally doesn't want it and the amount that's don't want it right white and blue doesn't want it I was wondering if the house could use it over there milliphose a trash compact yeah I've been range and the range they're possibly good working condition he's not a money he's not from the trash he I think it may be give you guys a call if you could use an out there we have the number over there we don't have the number here I'll give you the number a little while for Camilla sauce and when you get it off your columners personally direct okay we have to take it down there as if they have it truck that well they'll tell you I'm sure they could probably pick it up okay I mean if you're given it to them for nothing what the hell okay okay all right thank you okay 10.57 look at that for it now we're down to for sticking calls at the end of the hour I thought we were and we came on this morning I didn't even send hello yet and the board is just listening what 50 bucks that sucks but that's a start we thank whoever started this off but if you think you're gonna get a pair of tickets for the blockbuster bowl which has sold out major attraction in our god forsaken community night for 50 bucks your wistlandicsy but you know you just might get it based on what I'm seeing so far here you just might get it so hang on we'll do it till one we'll do the cutout likely to the other day do the cut off I want to clock because I want to give people plenty of time to come down here pick them up and to give us their fat check for Camilla sauce we have an open line in day we have one in Palm Beach and we're going to a mobile on the north Miami Beach thing yes sir what he good good thought was excellent yeah I thought so I'm not tired of him aren't you he not always call every day but he calls on a crappy phone we can't understand what you're saying if you are a good caller we wouldn't mind we listen through all the garbage and like the not slanting lady we love her and we're willing to put up with a lot of that crap but you're so chronic and boring that it's just I can't handle it okay we have one in date and one on the Palm Beach line let's go to plantation yes um fatal wasn't exactly a beautiful god he's for the other way who fatal yeah hey funny mistress right with a fat nugget also yeah so so he has got a big nose and for the other one but that's not the point the point is she's supposed to be like a sex goddess I mean he looks at her like his whole heart just crumbled in the movie don't you understand that that's the whole thing she's supposed to be like this hot piece that's the the idea that's why we're not gonna play for her because she's ugly it's in the slot oh because the family's got bad eyesight right now you thank you yeah yeah because mother and father is they weren't beautiful yeah I got it so she has the diagnosed that that seems normal yeah and twisted lips and popped up cheeks and anything I thought she did a good job you couldn't have a beauty in there for a child Francis nice talk and do he really Francis for Coppola calling in to show this one for sure for more downy Francis for Coppola what they all happen next right what the hell is going on here today the lights just in the theme came on like it the full like just blasting the needle is on the pin there look at that George is trying to pull a needle off the pin I can't believe it give it a good yank now try the needle okay we got I think he's on the needle this morning we got to chuck fire with our astute level of clock news will be back at level of five reconcers at two sports talk at six don't show it's six twenty five blockbuster bull seven thirty tonight that we can't even describe out of here up yours okay I was gonna say something else and I realized what it meant uh... it was kind of like what Tommy would say anyway we're back for our number two we got the blockbuster bull tonight we got that we're doing it we got the dolphin cults game on some days we get ready to go into playoffs Kansas City's gonna get the covered by the bears tomorrow make sure we have a home game in a playoff everything is gonna be great just when I was thought I was out they'd pull me back in he was great boys he could he just you know I hate to say this because people are gonna get very upset because it's objective to nearo is good but he he couldn't lick but she knows shoes he probably wouldn't want to either did you notice by the way that last scene remember I talked about at least he didn't die with an orange peel and his mouth there was an orange on the ground you see that's another he was probably getting ready to peel at orange and the just like barlin brand or like father like son if he would have stuck in this mouth uh... maybe the dog would laugh a little bit before he croaked homestead oh hi our first lady caller of the day and none to soon and to tell you I'm gonna pick it up music uh... right music i'm not doing for you I really like it i'm gonna put a million times from the snowwind now did you see the new one i have a scene of film yet i'm gonna have to see it over the music in the new one is great but it's all like you know it's uh... very similar you know what i'm saying is all like a uh... outchews uh... of the uh... first two i just been a week in this week are you serious yeah just been a week they're got back to twenty second in polarimal uh-huh in corlioni right on the water overlook in this beautiful sunset it was uh it'll be you know i don't want to be a great Italy traveler because i spent a few days in rom last summer but it is beautiful yeah we're doing nice and uh... it was all around the coast food is tremendous beautiful country yeah they don't like it to well over there but well maybe they got a point i wanted to tell you that that's the first canoli i ever had in the facility really and i'm looking in south Miami down here if anybody knows where i can get a decent oh now i wonder where those were from the guy called earlier he brought me in a half of the last day there were some of the most delicious canoli's ever had i mentioned them i mentioned it uh... mentioned it on here as soon as he calls back or somebody else calls it and tells us they were very good i had to tell that i'll give you a canoli yeah i got your canoli over here right i got your tape great take with real good now if you would have given a canoli you got in cislate a lye wallica little sooner maybe we had to put up with him in this movie wait till you see what he does with a canoli's man you're going nuts oh i'm where i can't wait i try to pick up that film this week in or try to get out see if it's weekend you're going to try to pick it up well i mean we're trying to get out to see it you're going to go steal it somewhere boy she learns some good tricks in cislate i'll tell you that can't wait that's why everybody carries around this old violin cases you know the really full of cd's and yeah right reels real the real uh what so what is it what is it what is it you see over there what is you see in cislate well when uh mostly just sightseeing when across the uh i went over to little town called tarmina which is up on the top of a rock they they're really in the building their cities on top of rock and uh it was shopping and uh i was over there on business so i uh was working also and now then i went up to Rome it's been a week in Rome i love it oh Rome is great yeah i've been a week there's all the you know the tourists attraction yeah you're running to the Pope i any chance it's no he uh he uh showed up about two days after i was yeah well i think he was busy at the bank i wasn't i want to call my two friends in big pundity they and it meant to do it's big great and uh and uh i was talking to you well get out and see it you're going to go enough i will for sure i have a great new year bye bye now of course there's an interesting thing about the Pope situation since they killed off uh John Paul I first alleged and if you don't believe it you got to be an idiot and now we got John Paul II what does that mean but see then people who wanted to defend him could always say well they tried to kill him too and make it seem like that there was somehow connected to this far pets just that may be but it sounds good uh 12 minutes past 11 at WIOD and we'll be let's go to a mobile in my and Miami and the uh Broward line uh of course it happens i just haven't been in Miami but that's the number i use how you doing okay uh love that's good canoing the salvos and they make you're absolutely right the salvos and Hollywood and plantation and in David the one in Davy i live right by right by table supply also speaking of right by a dismal was there's a blockbuster video there on the corner right and they got like seven con fathers that they have that they rent out you can't get one and you got to wait about three weeks to get one on a waiting list seven movies if you can't get them in the credit of a little shot you know i never saw it in a hard i've seen little bits and pieces here but i'm not like to see a post you know so i went to rent a can't get up it's ridiculous my bar yard no i think so you can buy in there though but there a little success yeah they'll be back yeah well i can't wait you know what i mean so i'm gonna report the bio one why it'll be worth it you have a virgin copy it'll be great a virgin copy yeah something like so who is it that swims with the fish look a brook okay just wanted to be big fat look a brook so he looks kind of like the Debbie Ellis in a role they like big rich fat rich without the glasses yeah all right have a happy new year and the same to you sir did enjoy it okay i'm afraid we all fine with i never thought i would ever do this but i i would like to call some of these two facts yeah these came is a two facts tell us something we don't know pal well i just i haven't heard it in a while so i wanted to hear it happy new year thank you the higher i got the more crooked it got unbelievable we have an open line in Broward 524 gangster 524 WIOD we have the salt free lady D is on a line how are you doing D very well thank you that's great i wanted to know if you wanted to go to the movie why do you want to go to the movie no i'm moving out are you i spent six hours i spent from 430 to 10 o'clock last night and the fine ridge plays whatever it is where is that it where is it at it's some pine island the state road 84 that's my i don't know anywhere down here i wanted to wish you a very nice day well a same to you D stay on your diet well i'm gonna get better my new year's resolution i'm gonna take off a quick 50 pound of it and don't try your new Corvette for highly of why not they can't try is that a news bulletin i used to live there i know all about that but they do know how to hop the horn i don't know about that i'm someone needs to show the pattern turn on their likes of nice well they like this concern energy you know times are tough right we have a very good name and the same to you D and i wanted to call Noel a royal nurse man okay i'm a nice day you too 11 i'd seen a good old w i the bonnet look for us because the car machines are on the floor now if we ever get that triple decker up here nice at i level where we can see what we're doing it'll be great it'll be almost like a real damn radio station wow well that be something god we heard from more town he junior this morning and the canola guy did he ever call back to tell you where those canola's were from those were excellent god and they were like Christmas canola's they had the little red and green sprinkles on the outside man after eight to second one i stared feeling like i looked at the mirror i looked just like Eli Wallace on a bad day my hair started turning white started in the rick weaver look mubble mubble good morning yes sir how are you okay i've got a question for you since you're talking about the godfather in the godfather part two maybe you might know it were one of the listeners one fachino was talking to the hymn and raw character with eight trying to make him the president was that what they were going to try and do and that's moving making the president yeah they said something about just having the money to do it and becoming president in the united states with eight trying to make going to have him become the president of that no no i don't i i was i was always a reference there which i never quite understood with the movie that well i want you to get this weekend all it's you know all Monday all right perfect okay thanks happy new year george is a wencing and i don't well you don't me i farbie for me to answer because i can't remember where i was yesterday accepted that beautiful man what a great theater beautiful great sound of real big screen it was like being in a real movies like and they remember the old days when we used to have real movie theaters with a big sinnarama with a giant screen and the big sound all the way like go with more than ten seats it was great those little places with ten seats that's okay if you watch it like Debbie does deer field or something like that be real close and intimate with the you know that's fine but not the to see a real movie get serious 21 after eleven at w i o d and we'll be right back they're all of a sudden all the day lines of day bank is blank how do you like that even rhyme 75 one and pombie dropped off or just uh we're playing with our marbles here today folks i told you that for just the beginning of the show i thought well not gonna be too bad considering this Christmas to new year thing i guess today was like really yank it out mower's man but it's uh we understand we had to stay in your busy you have a four-rich life and you got a lot of stuff to take back to the store right 75 one w o d and date 65 five and pombie each for it whoops for a lot of day oh hey yeah how are you buddy okay pal what's doing what do you want can i talk to you yeah sorry yeah and that's beautiful let's make a new year's resolution right now get rid of all those speaker phones kill them i'm sorry about that very you know just you have to sit there on hold for so long to get into talk to the master yeah right well look how's everything i think you're gonna have a great nineteen ninety one because i'm really looking forward to it i am i think things gonna work out well for everybody alright you included so in other words you got up in the say right have a nice year eleven twenty eight and w do we have an open line and you know that's one of those calls where he's on the speaker phone assuming he's never gonna get on the air and then when you go to him it's such a state of shock and he scrambles back it's on a real phone and he's still got nothing to say five two four w i would do let's try port louderdale hello i knew i'm happy new year same do you sir i want to let you know i'm an experience i had reached for it was in a land though yeah i'll give it back to the next experience you haven't been over to crackers in church streets no well i went during the night to have a to have dinner and watch the Monday night football game was Saturday night yeah go there in places like five people in the whole restaurant yeah go there it's four tv sets are and they all have the view touch as a versatile and a manager there you go yeah real exciting yes the bartender to switch the channel is he can't have to speak to the manager speak to the manager said they cannot change it as the voice is a lot of because there's only if there's people who don't want to watch the game and a few change the channel they can work you're still in a walk out i'd a call Tommy in from my good fellow is he to take care i couldn't believe that one day about a good Italian restaurant to go to also during the holiday is it pretty shows yeah been here before no it's on pine over on a university okay the shop was kind of really good Italian food okay sir and one of which i want to close someone to do spank a bike good yeah i want to call value go a variety of doos spank and happy birthday to a husband okay happy new year happy new year i'm rivet urge i'm going to looys in a Bronx have the best view on the city we have an open line it no we don't look at that boy they're putting out a good act this hour i'll tell you that who you can plantation okay nice talking to you probably one of my neighbors up your is pal mubble hello in leisure city yeah in leisure city hadn't stopped we're impressed how are you i'm okay okay i went to i've listened to you for years i went to one of your emotes and it was a lot of fun i couldn't believe it with 300 people in charcoal yeah we had a great remote charcoal that was fabbilloso it was really great i even got to hit the head with a hat that you threw out me right i'm wearing it to go fishing today wonderful what do we take care of our crowd or what he's sure it did i also dropped off those 25 alarm system for you if you recall oh yeah and i just wanted it's for min and actual alarm there's no cost for installation or for the equipment to the people that want them and ready in the relations we do up to the end of january we'll get fifty dollars to kumila touse and another fifty dollars will buy a gift certificate for the homeowners to one of your restaurant's functions so they can go out to dinner wonderful thank you sir you're great america and thank you for what you're doing for kumila touse okay see you right so eleven thirty a w i would do we have an open line on our star line it's star i-o-d if you have bell soft ability and of course if you have anything else you're screwed let's go to my any hello marinto's market on a hundred and sixty third street has a canoly right or on west to see high one west to see highway that that's that's the maranzo's is outstanding yeah you're right i don't know if that's where he got him from because i got some uh yes today and they had the little sprinkled on the end probably the maranzo's is uh tremendous but there's nothing i don't far as i know there's nothing further south like in south Miami or anything i don't i don't know of anything really i don't they're i don't know what about that other uh a tagging market on a hundred sixty third street called rippies or as that would name a bit spin there for years never been in there but i've been by the i'm sure they would have it i don't know i think that's where klamenza used to get his think so yeah okay i have a good day and the same to you just a little joke okay leave the gun bring the canola we have an open life you people are so i mean you're the twilight zone okay it is you're all in your own little stick in narrow worlds when you're steel-bought and radios and your pop-up toasters and your videos of uh Harry and the Henderson's what the hell do you know about what's really going on in a part Simpson dolls of other crap our senior whole blow-up dolls under super silliest characters like Harry Hamlin from L.A. law when to get with it with a real show. out of the way guiding light is getting really neurotic during the holidays now now that we don't have uh Mike Bower and uh bird bower and pop-up bower to sing all the Christmas carols man we are all screwed up on guiding light i think we're gonna make a comeback you know i'll walk out of the theater when it will be in the last night i'm humming this move oh and i know what i forgot to tell you see there's always little tidbits that you forget as i'm walking out and i'm sitting like in about the fifth or sixth row because by the time which was fine because it's a big theater and that's plenty far back but as i'm walking out there were like a group of about a half a dozen i'd say people in their sixties and they're speaking at tattion to each other on their way out and one guy looked like um um he might have been well he looked a little rough you know he looked like he might have just come from polermo or somewhere with an offer you can't refuse they were pretty interesting needless to say i didn't stick around asking any questions my amy beach it sounds like it called constipation yeah there's a little metham useful you'll feel better in a morning hey is it is a present in the page on the uh dolphin thinks it thinks the run back yeah stick him in the desert don't give my math 1133 we're sick of the sammy smith jokes already you give me a chance okay let me ask you who do you rather have arctic or send with all his problems in his big mouth or sammy okay think about that for two three seconds let's go to harbour beach what the hell is that harbour bay what the hell is that yeah harbour beach maria some sitting at the pool on my mobile phone from detroit hello now wait a minute run that by me again i'm from detroit i brought my mobile phone with me and i'm sitting at the pool with the harbour beach maria oh i see i got a lot of this is very confusing sorry about that i listened to you every year while you're here while i'm here and why are you so tame this year what do you be by that well there's a little hostility they do well it's the holiday sir what the hell do you want i want you know there's no condo commandos there's no no we got plenty of time for that old crap okay this is the time for love and brotherhood there's no problem good management and you can't be a shootouts we all we have a constant problem with management when they're here this is the holidays they're all gone oh they're gone so you want you want to when clicked on us the gala stuff that we try to get away from during the holiday but i like a nice extended rest here i'm only here during the holiday what all up to currently try to keep the key of keeps abreast of everything that's going on on the show i got a nice Christmas card from Dick Burton by the way do you we listen to Dick Burton every morning Dick is great he's a very pertinent good too hardly i say Dick Burton's great yeah he's very good but when we're in Florida we only listen to you great way to have excellent days okay thanks he sure give Dick a big kiss for us i will mention it to him have a great new year okay thank you he didn't know what we're doing 1135 and of course we don't either which makes it more exciting we'll see it lose finder delicate tension okay sir we'll see you at uh i don't uh vanilla is on woodward most of the other great places from what i was there is gone that's a problem i tried to go back everything is gone Prince Brigadier house in Boston gone i bet you the old Joanneemo's i'm Massachusetts Avenue in the back bay is probably gone too wood we eat some pizza and hogees in that place i mean hogees i mean a sub sandwich in places here that town yeah this is uh this is uh this is make believe here can't wait to do should sing the theme song it's only make believe for this whole area it's like a shadow of real life although we do have but we used to have myor landscape and bb ribbons oh we got our guys how about a little remote from golden beach when that big now we blew it god i'm Tuesday on Christmas day when we had the old grand opening a godfather three we could have done the show remote from golden beach yeah that would have been good we might have even run into some of the people from the movie twenty four till noon at w i okay let me look guys down here just in the bottom of the shing oh d and we'll be right back what the hell is that all right let's see if it does it again don't touch it let's see if it runs through again is it still re-curing is it re-curing let's see if it runs through we could just let it go on an endless loop we don't want to be here today anyway screw it the queue up yet now it's still odd nuts man that would be great anyway i'm curious if Hank Goldberg if we have like a real commitment to him being on with this eight to eleven and i would panic is doing a great job how come he's never on it's just like he used to be before my stand was here i would randy was here most people didn't complain about it when she was preempted but seriously last night we had at umb- how many would all honesty i mean i hope umbasky ball gets on a map and we get some people out there to support it but how many people do you think are listening i think we got enough chairs in this room for the people are listening that game and they took most of the chairs out okay one benefit left but anyway uh so it looks like Hank is definitely gonna stop by next Friday now kt are cracked sales staff this week he's the whole sales staff nobody else is here which says a lot and uh we're gonna do our show next week at colder now about ten minutes ago was gonna be up on a rooftop now he tells me it's in the winner circle we've got all kinds of great pro what a winner circle at least is in the grandstand okay so you don't have to pay through the notes to get in the clubhouse that'll be great and you can get in a grandstand for a buck there is now is a two bucks hit tropical well whatever it hell there's a couple of bucks won't kill you and uh we're gonna be done here in the winner circle and Phil Salzman's gonna be by and Hank will be there touting like crazy and we'll like you out some winners and losers and uh be good time okay let's go to pop-in-oh hey yeah i just yeah look i'm gonna break the you're facing don't start to talk about tomorrow ma-heat you hear the why tomorrow man he's gonna die you got it the best you bought him one last night mama he'd up this it's eleven forty two we got no-pand-line at Broward five two four terminal five two four wild let's try South Miami yeah that guy sounded terminal yeah as matter fact he lives at the airport you think so now seriously when he goes home every day there's a big sign over his house is terminal i was watching on the waterfront Marlin brando even we say what he did he did he did he did he did he did he did he did he did he did he did he did on an air hole and just like and wait marlin he has did your blip written on the funny lives with the Michael Jackson who does it's not around for eating a lot so I guess he must be eating for two i i wait a minute we have the sound effects of Marlin being way awakened into the morning listen yeah i'll come up to a host yeah he gets a big host job every morning and then he's ready to go i think he might like that yeah they also another thing about the dolphin um very cumeral in our seniors can if you think the bills would take those two for please wrap them up now wrap them up in a basket put a christmas ribbon on them and set them to Buffalo in a box some serious they need to get rid of them okay listen long time listener first time call or your grade happy new year sir and spite of what they said yeah connections right and he probably would have talked like this by now too with all the uh man will see pick it out and did you read that book course not by Albert goldman about the L. the last 24 hours they had him on so many pills i've said you you'd have to get up at five o'clock in the morning and just keep swallowing till noon to uh devour all the pills that he was eating it was just incredible hope it landed day 75 one doctors are quacks and one at Broward 524 wio day my ammy beach yeah send you sir at beetle year you know florist has uh can only that's right how could we forget right up the street boy those would be great today we cheer love a can only from florist today get orders from them delicious they got some of the best canolies of the side of Sicily thank you thanks for the memories sir have a happy okay while i'm glad he called how could we forget if they've sent canolies here before she is our weed dumb or what they're probably really peoed now somebody some very nice collar calls in and this says who's got canolies and we forget all about florist our neighbors write up the street who fetus and take good care of us who got that great stuff man are we douchebag so but at least we admit it we have two open lines in the day at 75 one nine four six three 75 one wio d well i can't wait for a carolider to kick the crap out of Notre Dame here on New Year's can you man i don't care how many downs they got in that game i hope they get five downs every uh series against Notre Dame just to make it even you think the pop is flying in for that one my amy lakes he nailed oh boy here we go we started an epidemic yeah you know who invented the city of Las Vegas don't you who's that oh green yeah here the man who pair of glasses will ya with a man of vision and got yeah and there isn't even a plaque or a sign poster us two of his in that town Mikey you don't come to Las Vegas and talk to a man like mo green like back somebody put a bullet through his eye yeah no one knows who gave the order yeah when i heard it i wasn't angry i knew mo i knew he was headstrong talking loud saying stupid things the one he turned up dead i let it go and i said to myself this is the business we've chosen right hymon i didn't ask who gave the order because it had nothing to do with business right my or a hymon there it goes my orlanski making a little cup that was good call from golden beach our first of the morning nice here and from you folks over there you really think there's any like uh mapeo sea types in golden beach i think that's just a bunch of crap all of it is interesting and all the years i've been on the era i think we ever had a real call from golden beach huh well they're busy over there the neola royal business uh all three lines in date open as the red sea look that that's happened twice this morning already everybody else seems okay date county out of sorts this morning uh 751 9463 751 wio do what are all getting ready for the bull is that where you go around new years everybody hits for the bull like on the morning after 12 minutes till noon it will be right back oh who he is do you know who that is do the production and his room never seen it before my life but he do just stop in as he worked at some other station somewhere as you like from the coast god help us to be from the coast okay even on a holiday's winner is nobody here gets screwed let's go to laurhill hello hello hello how are you doing pretty good one wish you happy new year and the same to you sir all right say you're doing a lot of good things for k millis house we've already sent in our check thank you i want to play something that i thought uh i know you're got father intensive and i can't say the same i've got pizza on my breath though uh i want to play something here i think you like okay okay we probably won't be able to hear it but give it a shot here we go okay sounds good heard the movie different here the water is cool compact are my life never stopped whoa I'm a scale of 1. I'd say minus. What's the house? Be kind. 4 billion? Oh, God. I get like goosebumps all over my knee camps. Look 54. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning Neil. When is this? Same to yourself. I wasn't listening to those that not only my kneelies, but I'm also an avid art senior hall fan. Oh, God. Nobody's perfect. I heard you're not going to be yesterday. What's the knock? I mean, he's just a geek. Hey. Yeah, right. Anyway, I wanted to do that. They stole that from Morton. I mean, at Whole Barney Art Crack. Now there's an animal. Well, there you go. Okay. Anyway, I want to thank you on behalf of the entire day County community for your children's work with the Kavolt house. We do very appreciate it. I felt that charity myself. So happy New Year to you, pal. And go to office. Okay. Bye. Stick our senior and visit and give them a map of Ojas. We have an open line in date. What in Broward? What in Palm Beach were I halfway through this Friday through this God forsaken land at a loss. There's almost nobody in the building. Just like make believe. What is that? That was quick. Is that from Florence? Boy, they must have come up here in a helicopter. One for George and one for me. Look at that. There you go. I'll pick the big one. Oh, boy. Look at those. These are how could I ever forgotten about these? What I was trying to reform. Hey, hey. These are the best, man. Oh, God. Oh, just stuff one of those in your cheek and your few just like Marlon Brando. And the cream and the film is like just sticking out over the end so you can do like Connie didn't move me last night where he says, you're skinny you eat it because he's afraid she's going to poison him. You like, walk. And so she just like sucks the little tiny teeny weanie bit off the end there. Know the canole. Oh, and he's like the old chocolate chips that I don't think is that what those are. Man. Thank you guys. Horace has got the best canole in history. Roger. I'm sorry. We don't know. They only sent two. Well, it was an emergency shipment. One for me and one for the new Cuban Godfather George in there wants to be Andy Garcia Jr. Oh, these are. This is like dying and going to. Oh, there was a great line in good fellows. By the way, I cracked up. I think some of the people in the theater got offended. They were talking about Florida and she says you've ever been to Florida. It's he says no. She says Florida is like dying and going to Jew heaven. Oh, it was it was in front of Miami. She said like dying and going to Jew heaven. And I just cracked up and some of the old Jews in the theater give me a dirty look. And that must be him. That's him. Mobile and pee are gone. Yeah, Mr. Neil. When is this a me go? Well, hey, no, see us on thousands there. How you doing today? Well, we're just wonderful. Say you're having a pretty peaceful show this morning. So far. That's the WIT family and the channel family is called the truth for the holidays. What do you mean by that? Well, I haven't heard anything about Rick lately. Well, we don't know. That's the problem. We can't get the story behind the story on that pedestrian that allegedly got hit after the Eagles game. Oh, I got it in here. Well, I don't. I can't. There he is. There he is. He's a sign. Now, let me ask you something. Wouldn't he have been great in one of the godfathers instead of Al Martino? Well, he would have been singing a blown his stuff away in about three seconds. Yeah, he would have been out one of those things last windows in a hard time. He'd have been sleeping with the tuners. I got a tell you, I was sitting there working late right before Christmas. And the KEL 7 come up with this thing count down the crisis. I can hardly stand it. Oh, I know. I was watching that work. That there reminds me of ABC the thing they did with a hostages back when Carter was in office. Remember when the Iranian lunative Yatola was holding the hostages and I started nightline. And here they do an ascending count down to the killing the other college. You know, it's a little bloodshed. They are the most bloodthirsty, but your maniacs over here next door. It's just, you know, let's kill somebody for the holidays. Well, I tell you the pleasure list you. Your news reported accurately. And at least it's piece of Lee is a can be. And that's sensationalism is just driving everybody crazy. You bet have a great holiday. You do that. That are fact the thing with the TV news people. They just they want to show you somebody crying. Now there was a story I've meant to mention it was one day early last week where that those girls were playing with the guns. They stayed home from school, those teenage girls. And you know, it always happens they start playing with the guns and one of the girls got killed with the gun. And they showed the scene. It was done in South day. I think it was a Cuban family. And the grandmother came along. The daughter was going, I mean, the sister was getting hysterical. She was jumping and then the grandmother comes along and they tell her. And she passed out and they're taped it and they had to put it on the air. It was the worst in the poorest taste of anything I think I've ever seen in my life. And it was of course on your hometown, Gora station right next door. Channel seven, you people make me puke. Stoke this, Rick. You are embarrassed. Okay, man. They are just hysteria TV for the 90s. That's what they ought to call it. And at penny man, she comes on. It looks like she's just like Connie. Corley on man. She's just prepared to report the end of the world. And it's pretty happy about it too. Man. Anyway, the very calm, the very eryidite Elaine Iptor is standing by with a responsible boring noon Wiod News. And it will come back for a 12.5, 12.6. Whatever she's been ready, we got the Rick and Suds at two that on Shula show at six sports talk at 605 and the big lockbuster bowl from Jorabi steady. And Penn State and Florida State seven. Except this, 12.07, a Wiod. Look at that day bank again. Everybody else is on the Horn, date count. It's a third time day. There must be something going on in the day that we don't know about. It's a little whole tent about money on street corners. Is that what's going on? What the hell is going on, man? Weird. Anyway, thanks to Anna Martinez. Anna, we love you. Tins we advertising. Anna sends the whole package, the print loop. Oh, gee. Oh, no. One moment please. That God, my soda can was empty. You know what? I think that was an omen. Okay, start at a say. And she sends the whole press package for Godfather Part 3. Here's the thing with all the pictures. Let me open this up. There's Michael. What a look on his face. Like boy, this sure really is biting the big one. I think I'm going to do something about it. Man. Let me see us. Not all these glossy photos in here. And it says on her card, compliments of the Coralion family. How do you like that? She wrote that on her little humor and not much. And there's, oh, look at that. There's the old Michael with the, What's his name, Andy Garcia in the background. Look at that orange on the ground. And here they are in the opera. And here, Niri is whispering into his ears, sweet nothings. Oh, look at this. Just picture actor picture. And there's, oh, here's the definitive picture for Godfather. They're saying to Garcia and Connie, the godmother. Boy, she a bit your what? Oh, there's, what's your name? There's Sofia. Oh, God. Oh, and I just ate that can only two. It's back it up on me. Woo. Okay. It's a 12.09. Let's take a quarter two. We got a couple lines to open in date. And somebody cramped out and brought. We don't care. We just have it a great Friday. I got to be honest with you. The canole from, for us was sensational. God was that good. It was just oozing with stuff. Here's a, oh, we got some mail. Well, that's good. That god Rogers still hears going through the mail, getting us some stuff. This place is so incredible. It's, there's just like nothing going on. And of course, you know what they say when the rats are away, the cats will play us. However, the hell I goes, you know? So there, the people of our here, they're just goofing off. They're not doing anything either. Like out in front, for example, where the mail is probably all piled up. I wonder if that ACM library may have come in and know. We better keep our eye out for that because somebody may come in and try to upon that over the weekend. You know, well, we don't want to get into it. Here's a mobile. An implantation. Happy to hear Neil. And the same to you. Well, thank you. The godfather seen your plane. That's from one. Yes, sir. And I wish I had the music from go three, but unfortunately, nobody has it yet or if they have, they sure haven't seen it over here. And I assume there's godfather. Yeah. I'm going to pick it up at six today. Thank you. Outstanding. Bye-bye. See you. Wow. Are we generating some business for this or what? We ought to get the, we ought to get in the family. Just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in. Why the hell can't I have a little piece, huh? We all want a little piece of the action. We'll be good boys. How much we got on the ticket? Still 50 bucks. I got to be honest with it. It's very embarrassing because the face value of each ticket is 28 bucks. So we got two tickets for tonight's blockbuster ball at your Robbie Stadium. And I will tell you up front there off or level. But what they want it sold out, they're just almost impossible to come by. And we got a bit of 50 bucks and whoever is in, and that's going to be it. I want a clock if nobody out there is that. They're going to get it and come by the afternoon with a check for Kamala Sound. And they're going to go to the game tonight. Right? I guess that's probably going to be it. Well, screw the audience. Point and beach. I'll be no you're. And the San Diego sir. I'm a big, big, big god. Father fan from from one and two, but I'll tell you, I was I was kind of luring when I went to see good fellas. But I'll tell you that that was one of the best movies I have ever ever ever. Well, I was outstanding, but not in the, not in the same class with God. Not in the same class with John Robb, but very, very good. But for a marker. Did you see it? Yes, I saw it yesterday. Oh, yes, I didn't know that. Well, that's what I came on to talk about today. I went. I made it a whole thing yesterday. I was going to check in the holy times. And nobody seems to know what I'm talking about. I went to see good fellows at 430. It ended a quarter to seven. And then I went in and the big theater there at, in the plant and whatever that is, David, and I saw the godfather to read on a big screen with the surround side. It was great. I just got through telling you it was great. I give it a nine. Good. Good. Okay. It was excellent. I just wanted to put my, the only thing I still don't understand how in eight years he managed to get all those bits in his face. Now, and I don't, I don't get that. He must eat in a lot of chocolate or been doing something and awful lot for eight years. When he was on that soap opera, I think it was that must have been it. Yeah. Boy, did he get a, he looks like James James Woods on a bad day. But he was very good acting. And of course, the new role was great as always. Everybody. Great. And a little guy who played Tommy, Joe Pesci, or whatever. He was outstanding. He got into his, he got into his, he got into his, he got into his, he got into his. And it was great. Great. Outstanding. Okay, no. Thank you. Yeah. If you haven't seen that, the good news is it's still playing in, at least I don't know if it's playing anywhere else, but it's still playing there in the, AMC, whatever the name of that thing is pine, something. What the, all the way, no, it's in a corner of Pine Island and stay road 84 and it is outstanding. Anyway, 12 minutes past noon at WIOD and Pomp and O'Hardis is a great line. I've opened up because we had one envelope left over from yesterday. And then Roger just brought in a dribble of some of the mail from up front today. Look at that. Here's one to, to Pau Lyle. Here's one to Sandy Pate. Well, I'll tell you, do we get mail? If I had a dollar for every piece of junk mail of this station gets in a year, I could retire. I'm not exaggerating. I have never seen a radio station that gets so much junk mail. Remember we had the holiday. We had about four or five days worth of mail pile up in those three boxes. I went through there. I have never seen anything like it in my life. But anyway, the good news is I've opened up two envelopes. This one from Rich Packter. The first one at a $300 check. This one is a $500 check from our good friend, Mr. Music Rich Packter. So in two checks, we got 800 bucks. And I got a few more over here too, and I'm sure there's some other mail out there as well. 800 bucks that brings us to 94,545 dollars. Did I tell you that sometime next week we're going to over 100,000 watt and 10? What? 94,545. Don't tell me no, okay. Did I not, what does it say in there? 94? You know, he comes in if he wants us to, he's desperate for us to play this, this first. I'm going to think that he's got just debt corrias in here by the way. For our listening audience, that's been enjoying the show up till now. And now he's given me a, that's not right. Whatever is in there was $94,045. Right, as I would have said, while I just opened up another one if you were listening for 500. So, right, make it $545. Okay, can you handle it? I don't know what the three fingers means. How about this one? You understand this finger, okay? Man, as he's slow. He's directed me like he's the new director. And who the hell is that on the phone again? Man, this, I'm telling you. Marvin, I don't know what you've left this guy is on the phone for hours. Ever since the holidays, he just said, He's got a glue to his ear. On and on and on. That's it. You can know there's an eraser. They're don't catch with your suit, Mary. And don't, uh, go, what a, He's, he's wiping the chalk on his suit. There's an eraser right there, dummy. It's supposed to be right on the ledge. Right in front of your nose. God, are you embarrassing? God, 545. I'll boy, good job. Take this into, uh, what's his name? And if he ever gets off the phone, we'll play it in there, okay? That's your reason you showed up. Yes, it is. Cut the crap. 12 19 and Wiod. And D. Davis. Hi, how are you, Neil? Great. How you doing? I just wanted to tell you a typical self-floor, uh, holiday chair story. Not bad. I'm a friend in myself, or trying to help a friend that's over in Saudi Arabia, right? It's part of the shield. And we call the utility companies to help her out and try to get them to put things on hold. And utility companies are all except for one, so that they don't make provision for people and get them to put things on hold. And they're shutting all the utilities in her apartment. Isn't that lovely? Isn't that wonderful? I cannot believe. Here we have these people over there, try to protect us from a bunch of crazy arrows and, uh, we're shutting their power off. I just, the douche bags. Yeah. Slime balls. It couldn't be F.P. Alfredo. Um, actually, there's the only one that that is willing to make the provision. Like I said, we like F.P.L. a lot. Yeah. It couldn't be Southern bell-footed. The phone company is out. Well, through that. And the water people? Yep. The raw, shutting her off. But you do spanks. That's right. I just wanted everybody to hear about that. It's wonderful. Godfather company we have. Yeah. Yeah. They probably do business with the Coralian family. I thought they do. Hey, friend of words for me and happy holidays. Same to you. Bye. Unbelievable. Everywhere you look, there's another screw down to the bed. 20 after noon, we got an open line in Palm Beach, 655, 9463. We still got 50 bucks and those tickets. George. You know, see the audience thinks I'm joking. But all this week, in fact, it was one point the other day where I took a break. And he was in there. He's so I don't have any idea who he's talking to. Maybe Michael is calling from Sicily. Maybe he didn't. Maybe just had a headache in the film. And he didn't take it to the doctor. He's starting to find it. Take it. Stuff for 75. It takes that long. If they want 75, my God. So we got 75 bucks. That's the message. I mean, if you're going to come up with some real money, then we got some time for you. Okay. Wiod George is taking ticket stuff. Oh. Oh, hold on. Okay. 21 pass noon, like I said, it will be George. Ready? We'll be right back. We'll put up the next check in a mail here. It's another 500 bucks. Morse diesel in four-laterdale. We've taken very profusely and opened up a couple of others. 95,000. We just crossed another barrier here. 95,000. 115 dollars in counting. Boy, are we doing it this year or what? I can't get over it. Like it's not really happening. Okay. 1226 to Wiod. I'm going to pick a horse real quick in the first race. I don't know how to score listening. You can't hear it up there. Somebody who has to get in the water too bad. Sapphire missed the two horse. Stewart Elliott in the first race. I was looking at the race at that. Well, I don't want to pick a two-year-old race. I look at the first, the second, the third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, the first, the first, the first seven. The first seven races today are two year-olds. And, uh, well, we have it open line in the starline. Star IOD. Let's go to Miami. Hello. And the idea. Great. All right. We're going to the fourth down. He sent the check-in or what? War, we're still waiting for you. Said it's in the mail. I have better. Um, let me answer whatever happens at Clark, uh, Flintstone. Do you remember that long time ago? The Flintstone? Yeah. Like you get the Flintstone, you know? Oh, yeah. It's around somewhere. That's kind of lost in the archives. That's it's in the second race. Yeah. And I'll just see the feet a lot over here. Hang on. And, um, what about you and me thinking, I'll load the Texas long-hawner what? Well, maybe, uh, or not, as a case may be, I couldn't care less to be honest with you. No way. You know, like, you know, deal with that? No. Okay. Now, one thing, have you ever seen Al Pacino and Coach Fernando in the same place? Coach Fernando? Yeah. Who's that? The coach. Coach of what? The coach of all coaches. Coach of what? He's like, uh, a mentor. Who is he? Coach of what? Fernando, what? Lama's Fernando? Who? No, no. Coach of the, uh, the gators. Coach of the gators? Yeah. Coach of the gators is Steve Spurier. No, we're not the head. He's only 15. Okay. Have a great life, pal. Take two and call me in a morning. What the hell was he talking about? You know a coach for a net well, of course. You don't know Coach from your ass. You don't know Coach from first place. God. Coach Fernando and he even he don't know who he is. Okay. And like I'm supposed to know, sir, you are a genius. Okay. If brains could kill, you'd be safe. We have an open line of dates. 75. One, but don't take it personally. Okay. We're all stupid. And we have one in Palm Beach. 65, 5, 9, 4. Look at that. You've got a cranky hand lead for us. 95,15. Can you do that? Come on. Do something useful while you're here. Instead of just sitting there while waiting for us to make you into a star. You didn't just like that Brian McGarry. North Miami. A famous quote from the new movie, The Odd Father Story, Norman Elliott Kent. Just when I think I'm out of the radio business. They pulled me back in. He made me an offer. I couldn't refuse. A 54-gmagio. Outstanding. Thank you. Okay. Excellent job. Just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in. Powerful stuff. 95, 115. Can you handle it, Corey? Got enough of got to erase your hour. He's got the swing of us. Okay. We have an open line of day. 751, 9463, 1 in Palm Beach. We're going to take that Palm Beach line and stick it with look at Brotsie pretty soon. I am getting, I've been for 15 years in this town. How can a gentleman like when you take the line away? Like we took the Boko line away. You know, this we still seem to be in business. Okay. Forget it. They're up there right there. They're a Mike Miller stuff. They're in a different planet. They're like on Uranus. Kendall. Hey, Neil. Do you want to speak or phone? No. What kind of a phone are you on? Well, regular phone. Okay. You're interested to take a sea-article. 50-yard line, R047. Oh, yeah. We could get some bucks for that. And our son who's for two is a pay-of-forth heir for one to January 31. Yeah. How are we getting this stuff? I don't know. I'm in Kendall. Why do you could bring it up here on Monday? You got to leave me a lunch? No. Is it right you working? On Monday? Yeah. He's coming back Monday? I doubt it. All of these nuts. But what the hell does that have to do with the other words? You'll come up here if he's here? No. You can bring him. He lives down here. I have no idea. Well, how is he going to see you? Why can't he be to the sea? Am I a furniture? Well, listen, come me on Monday morning. You will not make arrangements. We'll send a career or something to get him if we have to. All right. Okay. We'll send a query down to get him. We'll send Brian down to get him in Georgia's car. Got it. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. 1231. We have two open lines. Of course, they're both in date County, where we are just a really scratching our heads. We call him down there as he eats. He can go up the sky. They're passing us through la Ka recharge. You walk around once we get there. And he can go, like, now we go on out there. He knows me well. Haha. Something else in sight 7511-9463 pentumen Lake. Girl. Yeah. Yes, sir. Becass is the er road game. What are you getting from? You may to say, George, put you on the air to do this? Yeah. I don't know what kind of things they say. 1231 to W.I.O.D. we have one line in date, one in Broward and Palm Beach we're not talking about anymore I'm that's one of my new years resolutions if somebody calls on there fine and if not that's to be expected It's ridiculous. So waste of time. They got their own big station up there. They're on hot shots For Lauderdale. How you doing? Good. I'm down here from Binghamton. Wow. Isn't that exciting? Yeah. Wow. It's a drill exciting. It's 10 below zero up there. That's terrific. It's a great place to be from sir. What do you hear for the bull game? No, I came down and spent some time on my girlfriend. Really? Yeah, they're placed. You stay there place? Yeah. That's three girls I go out with down here. Oh, I see like all up to same time Yeah, and they all would have the same power. He makes him match. Well, I saw a little bit exhausted to me. Oh, yeah, I've been keeping me going from one bedroom to the other Yeah, sounds like swishful thinking to me. No, just three hours. You're me. Okay. Well, more power to you, pal. So when you get back up to Binghamton, you could go to a neighborhood bar and tie one on. I work at one. Do you? I tie a couple of mine. Are you a bartender? Yeah. In Binghamton? Yeah. Oh, boy. What an exciting place that is. I really keep them bouncing, you know? How about the drinks? How about the drink? So what's up? Oh, not much. I got to go back on Sunday. Yeah. Well, all good things have to come to you. No, I feel like, you and have a hill make my vacation complete. Right. Kind of fill it all out. Well, sounds like you've been pretty bored. I'm glad we could turn you on. Well, it's all right. It really turns me on beside these three. Okay. Have a great trip and the call us collect from up there when you get real bored something. I sure will. Like Tuesday. All right. See you. Bye. Call 33 at WODC. We won't be here Tuesday. We'll be off all day Tuesday. Everybody is off. We got ball games that have been in. What? Not everybody's off. Renery works Tuesday. Rick and Sads work Tuesday. Oh, you're working Tuesday. Well, that's Marvin. What do you want me to say? Marvin when he gets back if he ever shows his ugly face in his building again. He's had it. I mean, for anybody to put himself in that position to be king of the board ops and just screw everybody else and take off all the holidays. Not just a couple days here in a couple days. The entire like two solid weeks. He is a slime ball. I hope somebody puts some poison canolies in his pants when he comes back. Prop 34. Let's do a little business here. We'll be right back. Where is that thing cute up? No. And what do we got for the tickets? 75 bucks for the blockbuster bowl? 90. Boy, are we getting there by like a dollar and a half at a time or aesthetic Hollywood? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, are you done? Okay. What's happening today? Not much. Not a whole lot. Very, very weak. So you're not worried. I give what is it? I say you're a blocking team for a way pretty well there. But basically you do a good job. What are you talking about? What do you mean? Law on people away. I mean, you're like that. 22 till one at WIOD. We got several open lines. I'm not giving the numbers anymore because I'm tired of it. This is just I told you the other day that between Christmas until a second of January. Just we're just here. I'm like some kind of punishment. We pay for a two many canolees or something. And I understand that. And I'd love to play that tape. That Cory is just dying for us to play that it got recorded professionally by countdown productions. Inque. And we're going to have it made into a record. We're going to do a big thing. It's going to be on a Dan Marino show with Tony Segreto on Wednesday night. If the dolphins win, we hope Sunday after they beat the crap out of the cults. We pray. We hope. And not Jeff George into the twilight zone and take Eric Dickerson and maybe we can do the Dickerson what they did to look as he was as a glass. Some of those stupid goofy glassies got you got already. Okay, let's do it. Two, four, two, four, two. Yeah. Two, four, four. Get the truck up. Bye, bye, bye, bye. I'm in order. Go for it. Think for me. Go for it. Thank you. I'm a blessing you with all the stuff. And all that stuff I do is. We know you're down with the stupid boat. Good boat now. We know. I've stuck. You're 10. Get up. Go. I'm home. Get up. Yeah, that's how it's playing in your nose. Get up. Touch up. Look at that ball fly. Man. Get up, Chuck. Yo, let me touch the ball. Touch up. Touch up. And then go like that. And then you want to get the moon. I didn't see. Watch the moon. The journey just started blowing. Hold on. Move a little bit. Go on. Yeah. Like that. Push on my hand. Look at my back. No. You're too much. 10. Get up. Yo. I told you. Get up. Why are you standing there, man? Get up, Chuck. Go. Go. Get up, Chuck. That was the ball. Go for it. They can cut the floor. Now they know. Talk about my hand. Talk about the children's height. Then fight. Downs are made with four different fights. What's going to take? Two arms. That's my hand. It's going to get further. It's starting. So let's get. That'll work hard. It might work. Oh. Go. Go. Touch down. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. That's fine. Go with the ball. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Mondays suspended to infinity But later, I can't stand the music. Go with your shoulders, fuck's up. On the goddamn piss! It's good for George, I don't care. We're a fucking idiot, dude. But, we're not a fucking liar. We're not thicker than Billyn. We're a fucking cop. We are thepsyaru shirt. I want what we ever stop doing this with others. For the team and just in this, we call on the questions. In my end, we do the day. If you often stop the season, stuff is the lesson going away. Put down the table. We out of here. Touch us. Touch this. 1242. Basie. It's muffle. Muffle touring. Muddy. Isn't it? Then it's sound muddy? Yeah, muffle bed done. Anyway, good luck. You'll need a 1242 at WIOD. Do you want to thank the Parkway Pub and Miramar. They sent along. I can't believe it. One of the only man in America who shaves with a bag over his head. How you doing, Neil? It's Ian, ladies and gentlemen, the original English bag man. Who have you been? In fact, when they asked how he said was feeling, he said, it's in the bag, dad. You know, it's being a bag, dad. I think you'd be a big hit over there. How you been, Neil? I've been great up until this moment. Oh, man. He's coming to be mad at me now, Neil. He was an as best behavior at our remote at charcoal. He showed up. He hung out in the middle of the crowd. He came nowhere near me. Which if I were him, I probably wouldn't either. And he was, he was great. Yeah, he's going to be mad that I called. He wanted me to call with him. He could scare the call. Yeah, I wanted he's afraid to do it by himself. He likes to have your loving touch on the other end there. He's actually probably the same year on the beat surfing right now. Yeah, he's probably out there with all those lifeguards. Yeah. Well, like surfing it up. This is true. Like you said, Godfather was incredible. It was tremendous. I noticed we've melted for all we can, because we haven't had any more comment on it today, which really deported me presses because I'm sure a lot more people have seen it since the first day we talked about it. And like I said, when you see it on a big screen and you can actually hear the sound. It is powerful. It's tremendous. See too many of us go with these preconceived notions of what it should be and who this one should be just forget about that. Just watch it and enjoy it. Yeah, like I'll try to tell Calvin just sit back and enjoy it. Like all these critics in the mommy hell, this guy gave it to him. I have so well, well, cost for wait till we get his puny little butt on this show next time. And he is such a pseudo-electual act. See what bothers me about that is that there are some people out there who actually believe that he's got credibility. Yeah. And they read reviews from our shicters like that. And they don't go and they're depriving themselves of a great enjoyable time because it's a terrific movie. It's fabulous. Like they say because he writes something people believe it. Right. And he knows nothing. He knows a lot about radio and that's why he writes good stuff about us. But other than that, he knows nothing. What do you think your buddy Kevin the granddad? Hey, I have no interest in the match. Okay, I think he and the mets are a perfect match. I think he's a choke artist and I think they're going to have a real long season next year. I said it. We'll be more than happy to give you Jerome Alton for Dwight Good and believe me. No problem at all. So I guess the coming of the company, not a one of the East with all their acquisition. We're never favored to win anything. But I think we're looking pretty strong. Yeah. And who's this lady? She's a lady. She's down sexy. Well, I'm happy for it. Of course in your case, anything that's breathing. I think you and Maria would be great Maria Corleon. So yeah, she's got that there. Mary, whatever. Well, like I said, you each put a bag over your head. You'd be the best looking couple in town. Oh, it's speaking. Rub your noses together, Ian. I've got a small nose. Yeah. Well, that's not the one. Oh, I don't think about cover. I think, Carla, or you're not going to call a huge bag. But he hasn't given any money to come over to us. And I think you should do something. What a cheap, douche bag. What a slime ball. Yeah. Rip it. You know, all you lifeguards out there, including Calvin, get your hands out of your bathing suits for five minutes. And get them in your wall up there. Come up with some cash. You'll pay your cheap slime balls. We'll be good to remote next week for Calder. What a bunch of little, prissy, cissies they are. They're all cheap skates. Yeah. You make $20 an hour of beating. Oh, geez. What a rough life, huh? Yeah. I heard he makes $20 an hour, but I didn't hear was on a beach. Well, that's another story. I have no comment. Have a happy new year, Ian. Do you have a good year? And say hi to what's your name. See you. Bye. TV Nicks. The distinctive voice of Fleetwood Mac. Her style is unforgettable. Her lyrics are intelligible. I'm glad you're not my man. You're my friend. I'm glad you're not my friend. TV's back. With all your favorite hits on one big album. It's Steven X. What the hell is she saying? Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Yes, all her classics are here. You'll get me, me, me, and the incomparable music. Yeah, I'll be in love with her now. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Delight. Digital E-Remumble for stereo in audibility. This is Steven X. And her most neppy of us. Steven X. What the hell is she saying? A available album. I didn't go hit with records and tapes. Delight. Delight. Delight. Boy, if that doesn't tell you the strings of your thing, well, nothing ever will. I'll tell you that right now. It's 128 at WIOD. It's almost finished with a male here. There's a nice one for 100. So we're going to be pretty stinking post to 96,000 before we get out of this spot for a second place today. And we got the male tomorrow. And then there'll be male on Monday that we'll never get. And Tuesday's the holidays. So by Wednesday, Wednesday should be D-Day. Don't you think? If everybody gets to act together and get to check in the mail this weekend, Camilla soundscare of Neo Rogers WIOD Miami. 3-3-1. 4-1. 3-3-1-4-1. Get them into mail this weekend. Let's have a big, let's have a hornea inducing nail delivery on Wednesday. And that could be the big day we can celebrate. We'll have a little party here. We'll do a little Kazaki on a table. Michael and the dance with Mary to rub noses together. It'll be great. We'll go over 100,000 on Wednesday for Camilla's. 4-Laterdale. Hello. Hello. Meow? Meow? Yeah. It's a snack. It's a snack. It's a snack. How good. Put it back in your pants and have a nice day. Now who is that on the phone? I keep calm like that. Some asshole? Oh, I see. Hi, Alia. Go on. Okay. Another one we're going for two. Let's try mobile and west Palm Beach. Hello. A real caller? Well, that's not too bad. One out of three even Pete Rose didn't always hit 333. He's not hitting much now. How you doing? Pretty good. I got a question for you. Have you ever eaten at Rizzo's in New York? No. Haven't. Well, not LuChow. No? Okay. No. Basically, I'm asking because I do not have been in a city in years. And I have loads of air to go back anytime soon. Well, I know you're saying it's good. It gets old. Real quick. No, it doesn't get old. It's just a filthy crime written disgusting, rotesque, unlivable place. Oh, no. I agree. I'm just looking for a decent place in South Miami and I've yet to find one. A decent Italian in South Miami? Yeah. That's the time. I live in Kendall. And you want to go to like a gourmet Italian restaurant, right? Is that what you're looking for? Yeah. Some of these. I mean, somebody told me, I'm Steve. I've never eaten here. I don't know. But I don't, you know, it's very difficult to find a good Italian meal in South Miami. No, well, I mean, it depends on what kind of a time you're talking about. If you want a lasagna stuff like that, you go to pizza loft on flagrish. But you're, I think you're talking about a gourmet fancy expensive Italian restaurant. Got it. Well, somebody will call in probably. Oh, okay. I also, I don't know. There used to be that great place on middle road there. And I can't think of the name of it. I could never de-andrius. Is that it? Is there these to level on, uh, galo-way? Well, somebody will call it. I don't know. I don't know. The only other thing I wanted to ask you, I really want your opinion was, uh, do you think, uh, I want to call somebody a douchebag, but I was wondering if you think Nelson Mandela is, uh, terrorist. Nelson, what was last name? Mandela. It's a terrorist. Of course. Okay. One show great. What is it about it? There is, there's never been, there's never been a terrorist that he hasn't loved. He loved, uh, every one of them. Why understand? The doc, he loves Castro. He loves, uh, what's his name with the schmato over there? I know he's talking about the, uh, Barra Fanny loves him all. Now the problem is in Miami, you're, hey, listen, listen, forget about it, Miami. Okay, this is nothing but an ethnic bubble bath that year. All these people get all bad out of shape about everything. We just want to keep shooting ourselves in a feed. We don't want to tourist money. We got another excuse where boycotting this. We're boycotting it. Mandela's a piece of crap. His wife is accused of murder other than that. He's their nice family. Okay. Kind of like the Croyoni family with a darker complexion. That's all. I got you. Good talking, you Neil. Okay. God. I mean, is that even? And how Steve Clark, all of a sudden he was digging through some papers. And he found a proclamation, uh, Nelson Mandela, they sent him a letter. Steve, go have another drink in the cut the crap already. William, Mr. Invisible. Uh, W. Y. O. D. George's but punching around with tapes again. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Hey, listen, I'm glad I got to call you. Uh, you're out in Vegas recently, right? Yes, sir. The greatest place on a face of this country. Did you have a chance to see the morage? I was in it. They were having a little fire in there when I was there, but everybody kept gambling. And the fire truck was doing their thing. I seriously. Did you hear about that? No, I didn't. But I didn't have a little fire in there. And people paying no attention. The sirens were going off. We're all plunging our brains out. I had an, for Raj's beautiful. Isn't that you can't say the Lennox City can compare to that? And Lennox City is a joke. And Lennox City is like a toilet. Are you kidding me? But you didn't like their sports book there, huh? Where? I didn't find it. I wasn't there. I see I got all around. I must have been in about 15 different casinos. And I happen to like the sports book at the start. I still a lot. I think that's one of the very best. And I also like the sports book at Palistation. Uh, well, that's where I'm front Vegas. But I just wanted to tell you that they are just building a billion dollar hotel. The MGM. Have you heard about that? What? The new MGM? Or is that going to be? Yeah. It's going to be right where the golf course in the country club is right now. Do you know where it is? Yeah. Right on the strips. It's got a Wizard of Oz theme to a Crystal City or whatever. What is it called? It's supposed to be amazing. I want to tell you. I want to say again, a case anybody missed it when I came back. All the people who knocked the X caliber don't know what they're talking about. I was inside it. It is magnificent. And it's beautiful. And all the neon and it just glitz and you go upstairs. They got all those different restaurants and the buffet. I like the X caliber a lot. Did you get content in you? Hey, I don't look for freebies, okay? Uh, okay. I brought back almost every dollar that I took with me. And when I go to Vegas to come back with anybody, it all is a miracle. And that's for a whole week. So I did fabulous. That's super. Listen, one thing about the guy father. I think when was the first day you spoke about a Monday? No Tuesday. I went and saw it on Wednesday really because I went and saw it on Tuesday. Okay. I went. I went and saw it the next day. Yeah. And one of the things that you said was that you saw it that they killed the Cardinals. Right? Well, no. You didn't hear the beginning of the show today. Last night I went and saw it in a real movie theater with a big screen and with good sound. And I realized that when I saw it the first time, first of all, I couldn't hear half of the dialogue. And I didn't see half of the picture. And I spent most of the time trying to figure out what I just missed. And I didn't understand half of the story. The fact is that the Pope was killed by the other money interest, the guy that they finally hung. Uh, because of the fact that he was, you know, he was going to clean things up the new Pope. He was against all these crux. He was going to clean it up. He was going to let the immobile already deal. Go through to the Corliones who at that time were legitimate and a one-eyed part of that they killed his ass. Doesn't it make you think about Pope John Paul the first, and maybe that could have happened to him? Well, that's who it was. Oh, that's who it was. They even said in the movie. It said, called a mason by what name you want to be called. He said, John Paul the first. I see. I was in sunrise and all these old people were wouldn't shut up. Now, you've had to go back and see it again. You can't go into what were all the answers are talking because the dialogue is very low. Like in the first movie and you got to be able to hear what they're talking about. The road back and see where the some people under the age of 100. I am going to go back. I just wanted to touch space with the emglagent joint Vegas. It is all it's tremendous. Anybody who doesn't have a good time in Vegas is already dead. Okay, Neil. Have a happy new healthy new year. You too, Sammy. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. I like to ask you a question. How to me only is bashing Notre Dame and Lujo. Because they suck. Any other questions? Because we hate them like poison. Here, Lujo have a canole. You jackass. Hey, if you like it so much, why don't you go up to South Bend kid. They're busses leaving every hour on the arrow. Okay, go up there and freeze your little panzy ass off. You idiot. And there's old Rick Riley. He's ready to do it today. He's not making any mistakes. He got here early today. You don't want to anymore miss heaps. Another easy day on a highway for me today. Man, no traffic this morning. See if you come in early like about 930 in a morning. There's no traffic during these holidays. You want to mess around in the afternoon like you do. Then you got to put up with them because all the michigle Amar out there on the noon 11 30 in a morning. Want to clock there all messing around. They're all out there creating havoc. Reaching havoc on the highways and byways. And traffic patrol your right sucks. They have no clue what's going on. And his tape man on the scale of zero. It's just muddy and muffled and forget it. If you're planning on getting rich with that curry, you better pop the suit. That's all I can tell you. 146. What's in the sack? Oh, you brought your own stuff today? Well, that's good. Good thinking. Because he's not much going on here today. Not too many people in the building. As he shovels his little microphone. By the way, I'm taking that radio with me when I leave. Because I heard some rumors. And I'm taking that out of here. I'm taking it out. I hear too much. No, I heard some rumors which I'm sure must be accurate. Look at our new total by the way. I couldn't believe that. Well, I got it today. There's something that's got a $1,500 as a snap. We okay. I wish I could. Because remember I said I'm putting another thousand in January. Well, I'm going to do it still in December. Well, why don't you do it today and let's bring together 500. Because I'm out of time. Well, you want to do the other 500? Yeah. All right. I'll tell you what. I'll bring in my check Monday. I don't want to take, you know, you've done all of this. Then we put the last 100. Oh, you're going to put it in. Oh, I'm ready to put it in. So I said you're putting 500 in. And by the way, that asshole over there. I got I know we're not talking about him. But he really frosted me the other day. Why are you listening? No listen to me. Well, you're listening in here. No listen to me. I'm sure I'm very check. I punch around okay, and I'm never going to stop. That's just my nature. But he did a thing. Somebody was about this thing where he was challenging and trying to exploit the local Middleston house. Oh, no. And somebody called an asked him. He said, you know, you'll put up a thousand and Rick and said to put up their 500. Have you put up any? How come you're. He said absolutely not. So in other words, the only way that he's going to put up any money is if he can milk it for all it can get. Get some publicity out of the point. I think that is the most despicable and so typical of him. You know, Mr. Mr. Showboat, hey, look at me. And you know, I don't mind he has more down. He'd you and your caucus at least more down he adds to the show. Okay, looking for him. Did you hear him? Go ahead. Did you hear the they cut it off? What are you? A thing. They cut it off the ear in the middle of the debate. I wish I could have heard it. Or are they going to be in for some times? I'm telling you. Yeah. When King Paul's, I mean, penis is one thing, but when he starts hearing all these lesbian dilidates, I mean, he just got to go nuts. Well, said anyway, said this through around the V word lately. I heard him throw the A word around. What? Oh, yeah. For sure. Yeah. But anyway, he said he was going to get eight vast sector me yesterday. Yeah, I heard that. I heard it with a rubber ruff. I heard that. I listen to you guys. I'm going to go to the right side punch over there and I punch myself and I had for doing it. Exactly. He's aggravating. He really is. He's just a piece of crap. Anyway, so I'll put my other thousand and now from my corporation. I'm going to write to check this afternoon. I'll bring it on Monday. So I'll put a put a curry curry. Let's do that. Let's do something useful. These guys might play your tape again. I do something nice now. Get on a stick. Don't talk about weed. I have it. Look at the way this guy's dressed. Yeah. He looks like Vincent from the garden. He's a holiday. By the way, why aren't you parking in the covered spaces since everybody's gone? Hey, I like by the sea. I like the fresh air. Well, I know you can get away. Thanks for your good. Hey, I'm part 9. 9.