So anyway, I'm in Vegas and I'm not doing too bad and I go to the X-Calibur. See, this is where you people are wrong. Everybody that's called in here and said the X-Calibur was disappointing. Your taste is in the same place where the Mercury is. Okay? Too many fillings. You don't know what to tell you. X-Calibur is beautiful. It's magnificent. What are all the castles and you go inside. It's just enormous and the casino is beautiful with neon and billions of tables and slot machines and everything. The sports book may be disappointing. I don't know because it didn't stay there long enough. It looked okay to me. There was nobody there playing it and you go up the escalators and upstairs in X-Calibur is like Epcot. They have all these different international kind of restaurants. There's a Japanese restaurant and a German one and an Italian. And of course, they have the big buffet one, which all of the casinos have those great buffet. I ate at the Appalachetation buffet, by the way, is the best of all. It's called the feast. That thing for like $3.95 per lunch and $4.75 per dinner is just incredible. Unbelievable. I'm not talking just about a lot of food but good stuff. Great food, fabulous. And I ate at the buffet at the... Where else? The Aladdin? Excellent. See, what I found is that if you go around to a whole bunch of different places because we're wet for a get-to-go. I was losing my ass and we're wet. I can't start it. I have no idea what crap is all about. I know, crap's I don't know. And... Blanchack is a rip off. Okay, I mean, that's so fixed you got to be an idiot to play that. So all I'm left with is the sports book and the slot machines. And a slot I'm doing great. I find a dollar machine at a loose machine at the Aladdin. I go in there in the morning. Eight o'clock in the morning. As soon as I get up, I go in there. On there are five minutes. I got 205 bucks profit. Unbelievable. Incredible. I go to the sports books. I'm making money. I'm betting Gordon State. There's Jack Moisef at 3-5-2-5 winning every race. I'm betting Joe March Jr. from Yonkers. That was the greatest sports book. Anybody, I don't care what Hank says he likes Caesar. Caesar's got a good sports book but the best one is at the start-up. The start-up, man, they got it all. They got the metal lands in Hollywood Park and Bay Meadows. And Gordon State and Yonkers. You won't find Yonkers at too many other places, too many fixed races. But the bottom line is there they got Yonkers. There's Walter Case Jr. winning like 85 races in a single night. Joe March Jr. in a desperate drive winning in paying six bucks. And we can have that I was in Vegas. A little over week. I never lost once. Betting the horses. How come here? In fact, you know one of the only races I lost? What casino was this in? What sports book? It must have been. It was either at the Aladdin. Now is it that it was at the start-ups? And I hear the wonderful tones I'm sure he's listing right now. A Phil Saltman. They got colder. They had colder at the start-ups. That was the only race I lost. I bet the four horse hit the colder five to one. He's still running out there. With Richard Brachio and a desperate drive is whipping and slashing, he's going backwards. So whether I'm here or whether I'm in Vegas, I can't catch a colder. But Gordon State, I'm when he left and right. The anchors I had I didn't do too bad. So to make a long story short, I left a few bucks out there. I came home allusery, but not that much. I brought home most of the money that I took, which for me is a miracle. Incredible. The food was incredible. It was fabulous. The places would jam pack, but there were no problems. The valley parking every place you're in, you're out. It was great. People out there know how to drive a little bit, even those cowboys. They know what they're doing. I realize it wasn't as exciting as this. And that's why I'm in like this. I'll tell you, it's either because I've come back to the realization what a boring God forsaken place this is or it's the Mercury in my mouth. All you did is out there, man. They're killing us. We've got Mercury in our mouth. All those Mercury vapors are just seeping into every part of our body. That's why all those psychics, I figured out that's why they say Mercury is in Uranus because by now, probably is. After all these years, it's reaching everywhere. Man, you've done this thought to be ashamed of yourselves, okay? I want these fillings out and I want them out now. We should do it on the air, you know what? I bet you by the time I get those out, I'm gonna feel so much better have some strength. I probably drop a quick 20 pounds. Stop all that neurotic overeating. Just get that Mercury out of your mouth. Man, they should have taken who is doing it. Was it more like safer? No. Was it not at Bradley? They should take our senior hall and strap him into the chair and just fill every one of those. Can you imagine how big his teeth must look? Let's fill them all with pure mercury. None of the other crap. Just stick mercury in there. Man, he makes me sick. He's nauseating. He is everything that's wrong with America today is our senior. Okay? It's 1032, a WOD, I did see not slanting, last Thursday night, pretty intense, they're at the end. Pretty interesting. Saw Friday's guiding light, which I missed all whole bunch of good stuff in between. They go in a catch Gary while I'm not watching while I'm on vacation. And then to top it off, I had a bad day Thursday. Lost about $4,500 gambling through. They all at the slots cause the sports book I'm winning. So I was a little bit depressed cause I thought she's I was doing so great. And maybe I should leave it day early. But instead of Friday I go back and I go into palestration again, my old stand by. And I'm taking dollar. I'm, first of all, let me just suggest this to you. Slots are a sucker bed unless you get lucky. But quarters are the thing to play because the jackpot's are just as big and you don't have to invest all that money. Dollars slots are for suckers in most casinos. But anyway, I'm playing the dollars. First I played $70 and quarters are lose it all. Like in five minutes. So I go, I have the buffet. I'm depressed. I get a hundred dollars in dollars, silver dollars. I'm going from one machine to a machine hopping. You know, I put them three or four here, three or four damn machine hopping is I figure I'm going to hit something. I get doubt on my last three dollars. I put them in a machine, bingo, 60 bucks. Okay, I don't mean the last three dollars in my pocket, but that I had that I was going to gamble. Now I get doubt about my last 20. I hit something else in another machine 90 bucks. Okay. So now I'm like, I had. So I'm wandering around and played a few more dollar machines. But I finally am doubted on my last 23 dollars that I'm going to gamble at the, at least that's what I said. I get to a machine. I hit two crazy bars in a, what do you call them? Those bars, the three bars. And I don't know what it's going to pay because it's got two little crazy bars. It doesn't say up there. It's 120 for three triple bars, but this is like better. 480 big ones. 480 dollars are pouring out of this machine. Outstanding. So to make a long story short, I did pretty well. Had a great time. You can't beat it with a stick. And this town here is so dead. And so deep pressing. God. I got off the plane. And I've been in a deep depression, even watching the dolphin game. I watched them in a satellite yesterday. They played fine. It was terrific. Marina was fantastic. Pro it was terrific. Troy Straffer made up for that horrendous muff. You able this running. It was terrific. Offered all played a great game. A cire. What can you say? Still depressed. morbid. Now I look at the paper. I see Gregory had those two long shots at pop at all. I'm suicidal. So it's either because I'm back in Miami or it's that damn, those mercury vapors turning loose in my mouth again. That could be it. I'm getting all those fillings yanked out. Because that's our motto. At Wild. When it's out. Yank it out. Okay, 1035. I understand the Mr. Raleigh was the hit of the party at the Christmas party. Not only was it terminal and boring. So I understand. However, he was dressed like a fashion play. I'm playing with my nose. Yeah, that's what they all said for like three, four hours. So I do want to mention. I opened a few envelopes. One of the $200 check from. It's a lie. I am not. I'm not saying Jimmy. How will a K.A. Ricky Tickey Shaw? Thank you. Ricky. What a guy. 200 big ones. Okay. What a guy. And we're over 74,000. We're going to be doing up some envelopes here. We haven't got a place to go yet. So we want to get 200,000 today's December 17th. Should have no problem, right? We got the big thing coming up this Friday, which Mr. Denny Berg, I'm sure wants me to mention often. Well, I'm just out of breath. I'm really am. I got so much going on so much to talk about. And those vapors are just killing me. We're dying over here. And it's all you've been asked for. The doctors are bad enough. But the dentists are the killers. Oh, man. Even Michael Jackson made an album about it. So anyway, the big news while I was away, of course, and I talked to my good personal friend and attorney, Norman Elliott, cat on the phone yesterday. WFTL. They're doing it. 40 watts in a pop up toaster. In fact, they may have a problem. They may have a bigger problem than Steve Realizes, because a lot of people have been picking it up on their fillings. And if the show of a lot of people watch 60 minutes last night and have their fillings taken out, that could cut their potential listening audience like a 10%. They could be down to like 45 people. I can hear it if they take all those fillings out. So anyway, here's the line up starting January 1. Woo! And we got that day off. Some of us, right? I got Christmas day off. And New Year's day off. And boy, I'm going to get up real early in a morning on New Year's day. I'm going to pretend I'm in Vegas. Well, let's see. I'm pretending I'm in Europe, because there it's later. Because if you pretend you're in Vegas, you get up at 6 in the morning, it would be 3. I'm not getting up at 3 in the morning, even for a normal camp. Unless you bring somebody special to my house and drop some off. But anyway, Norm is going to be doing mornings. Alice, Rand, tell. Midday. Oh, that's a wrong cart. But I like the beat. Where's the cart? We haven't even played it yet. Geez. Oh! Okay. Steve, of course, Mr. Contrad controversy will continue. And he afternoon just devastating the community with his contrived debates. And from 6 to 10 p.m. because Debbie, she broke their heart. Debbie couldn't fit into building there at FTI. She had to go to Nashville at WLAC. She's going to be doing Midday. I promise you one thing. She will be big in Nashville. She'll be the biggest thing there since I was there. And that's a long time. So the 6 to 10 p.m. guy at FTIL. Gary Daniels. Gary Daniels, currently the morning news director at WQA. I'm formally a disjockey at WIRK in West Palm Beach. Amanda was never gonna talk show. Who I would know a talk show of it. Bit of monochique. And Craig Warding will be doing 10 to 9 p.m. till 2 in a morning. It's great to see Craig working again a real broadcaster. And then from 2 to 6 in a morning, they're going to have a guy doing sports. Oh, man. Who is it going to be? Oh, no. Oh, no. I can't click it. I'm reading Jick as column. I got news here that I didn't even know. But I knew that he offered a job to Elsie Hastings. And he got turned down. And a new of course that is good right wing buddy who's joined at the hip is male bonding pal Rick. Sighterman will be there to annoy the hell out everybody on Saturday. Get about a point three. But who else do you think is going to be on Saturday on FTIL? The Reverend Pat Mahoney. Oh. The hiring of Reverend Mahoney, a firebrand social activist according to Mr. Jicka is in keeping with canes of out intention to stress heat over light on the new WFTL. Oh, 10 to 2 on Saturday. Followed by Rick Sighterman to the 6. King Paul, I want to say something new directly. Okay, right on the ear. You're a joke. You're a disgrace. You know, this is what I've said for a long time. These people had bi-radio stations. You've got no understanding of this business whatsoever. And they use them like tinker toys like play toys. And one day we're big bands. And we got this old geriatric audience. Nobody can hear the stars. They're like a star. They're like a star. They're like a star. And we got this old geriatric audience. Nobody can hear the station. And we got like ones. And we're not making it anybody. Okay, then we're going to go all talk. And we put on a whole bunch of young. A handfuls on there, like Norm Canos, a good lawyer. But couldn't broadcast as well out of a paper sack. We put all these people on there. We got like ones again. Like 0.5's 0.3's. We're losing our ass. Now we're back. We're playing big bands again. We're going to go back to get our audience for the big band. One day, how did they do that? Like three months ago, wasn't it? Three four months ago. Then comes the world big biggest BS artist. Mr. King comes down to Pike. He's desperate for a job. And how we're going to go put Steve on here. We're going to play big bands in a morning. We're going to talk and have to know. We're going to. We don't know what to know. We want. Okay. All of a sudden Steve's the program director. He's going to put all his friends on here. Bingo. We're a talk station again. King Paul. You're just. You're a disgrace. You're a joke. Go say your cars. Well, yeah. Stop pretending to be a broadcaster for crying out loud. W. W. Snows with their big 25,000 watt signal covering like everywhere. They couldn't make it with a geriatric talk. And because Steve says, where's that quote? I love that one art quote from him. Where is it? Oh, we got. I got so much cramp laid out here. You wouldn't believe it. Where the hell is it? Come on, Steve. Where are you? Here it is. He says the people of screen calls will be instructed to move. Hostile listeners to the top of the list. Is this sound familiar? Uh, boy. I've been knocked a lot for what is called Contribute controversy. Can't says that's fine with me as far as I'm concerned. Contribute controversy is entertaining. That's not the part I'm looking for. Oh, here it is. Some people say issue oriented talk has become boring. It isn't the topics that are boring. It's how you program them. If one of my hosts want to talk about abortion or gun control. Fine. But they better have as a guest. Someone feisty who doesn't agree with them. Everything is going to be adversarial. In other words, contribute controversy. Well, I got news for you, Steve. How many times can you argue back and forth? The left against the right, the abortion, the pro-life, the pro-choice, the right, the left. It's boring, Steve. You can chop it up. You can chew it up. You can even put tons of mercury vapors in it. And it's still boring. Okay. Analyst rent tell. Not a bad guy. Farring. Terminal. Why any boring. One dimensional. No sense of humor. No, I'm Kent. Great attorney. Not a broadcast. In a morning, you want to hear no, I'm Kent whining and caring about politics and Margate. And this guy from from QAM, the morning news guy. By way of West Palm Beach, an IRK would know a talk show of it. Bit of money. The ass. This guy's going to be a talk host on a single at night that can't even reach to the Outer Limits of I-95 and commercial Boulevard. Come on. Craig the Highlight of the whole station tended to ignite. Maybe if I'm in a car, I have something to listen to at night. After Hank. Ooh. Almost forgot we had Hank. Well, Hank is never on any way. We got ball games coming out our end. Did we figure out what the coach's name is? His name is Leonard. Isn't it? We don't have a basketball coach named Lee and Arto. He may be a little on the artsy cratsy side, but I don't think his name is Lee and Arto. Hamilton. Is it? Oh man. Is this place one good thing you come back and still all screw up? Thank God for that. For example. Here's a memo. I open up an envelope. Station envelope and it says, Neil Rogers, locker number so and so. Ray, Jack, office, lounge. The locker is, see they finally after two years of bitching they finally have a room where the talent can sit down with the desk and a typewriter and a phone. The locker is in a completely new area. Bubba's your locker number and closes your key. Well, guess what? There's no key in this envelope, baby. Whoever this is from, the locker is for you to keep your headphones. Coffee cups or anything you want secured while you're not here. Should you lose your key or leave something here that needs to be retrieved while you're not here. Cheryl Ween has an extra key in these lockers in a secure place. Cheryl has a key in a secure place. I wonder where Cheryl is hiding him. Enjoy your area. It says, but where's my key? Oh man, these people are so screwed up. In fact, there are like five people in this building. You even know what day of the week it is. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. You bet Mike. And then this morning as I was punching a rod to make sure I was in the right town. Come into work. I hear a bugle for a couple of minutes and Jeff Chase boy. I knew I was back in the right town. They are still so boring. Greg, I got no you are so terminal. And they're trying to be funny and trying to do stick. And most people think it's blue. I don't want to sound like I'm trying to cover up for them. All I want to do is we might get a check from him. I doubt it. But Chase, Jeff Chase is so terminal. Even Randy Martin couldn't stand it. And if you're too boring for Randy, does that say it all? I mean, he is just... Terminal. Pathetic. So everybody else is going on vacation and I'm back. But the good news is, there's Chuck the Beta 12 noon bulletins at once. I'm Chuck Meyer. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Do you know what's going on in the hallway? I have no idea. Do you know that all of the paid help here who hang on your every word on these newscasts and who enjoy here in the for volleyball. He heard the whole report on my vacation. They got Christmas music piped in the hallway. Hmm. I just heard that that their force feeding Christmas music in a hallway. Okay. Not the coast. We'll have to check it out. Okay. Okay. It's 11.05. While we could dispense with the opening, I was pretty heavy duty stuff. They're making a listen to Chris. How about all the Jews out there in the hallway? They don't want to hear that Christmas music? Do they? How about the Lehanic music here? Awesome. Equal time. I got an idea. Let's forget that music and go with... With that. Oh, did that thing run out? I thought that was a loop. Damn it. Here it is. Oh, the lovely Elaine is here. Where they're here. Still looking as frizzy as ever. Nice to see Elaine and her geriatric boyfriend send his regards from Lothkel. From Lehan's time. What do you think about this thing? Where we got the Christmas music in a hallway here, huh? Boy. Leave it to Coxburg casting. Leave it to the Irish mafia to come up with some real goeish to think like that. To make the whole building the force feed him a bunch of Christmas carols. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. You bet. Boy. Does this sound like I'm doing a lot of heavy breathing today? It's closer to that metal in my mouth. You know what I think might help. Just a little shot. Oh. In fact, isn't that one of the sounds you hear in the dentist? Oh, boy. I feel a lot better now. By the way, where's the key to my locker share? Oh, I was not in the envelope with all that very important information about here's your key. And here's your locker and Cheryl has a special little thing hidden away in a very secret place. Pay no attention. Okay. To complete that game. Some friends in mine they say have done a big flip flop. Said no new taxes if I made it to the top. Well, change from mine. Deposit grows every day. Here's what we need. Everybody has to pay. That's why we pay. Okay, we pay. We got to pay just to make it today. That's why we pay. Okay, we pay. We got to pay just to make it today. Side of the same. Thanks, he can do whatever he wants. And busing his chops costs more than I thought. Now read my hips, give him a phrase I should say. Election day, come 92. That's when I'll pay. Election day. Come 92, I'll never make it this way. That's what they say. Pray. Hey, got a prayer. I'm outta here. Hey, got a prayer. Let me say 17. And she's in shells insisting that he was in at envelope. And my that stupid that I wouldn't find the key. She says it's a little key. I can relate to little things on a believe me. I can find it. It was not in there. There was nothing in there. Tonight on NBC share the warmth of the season with the first family. A festive holiday special. A White House Christmas. Facts and videos and higher gas prices. Blackly new English thumb middle East crisis. National anthems when rose and bar things. These are a few of my least favorite things. Join President Bush singing all your holiday favorites. I think barba looks like Santa Claus. Yes, it's true. There's no house like a White House at Christmas time. God rest. See lazy, congressman then give yourself the raise. And don't miss special guests like Robert Reagan. And then these days come in here. To turn. What's your Nixon? Little thing, dear. I'm just a little saint. Little saint. My fellow Americans, we hope you'll join us for a White House Christmas. That's right, George. And don't forget about Millie's song. Oh, my. Our White House Christmas. Tonight, today on NBC. Santa, I can available on District of Columbia, like it's in date. Okay, 1127. At WOD. We're going to get that line fixed because I get with draw when I see that line like that. Boy, I get real nervous about that. We got 74,642 dollars 85 cents as of this moment. That's right up to date. For a Camille House, we got about a month to go. We're going to get over that $100,000 mark. If we have to squeeze money out of Sally Fitts, how's that? Where's your check, Sally? I wonder if any celebrity sent in money while I was away. Like Bill Tanner, Don Cox, Greg B. Dell, John Hamburg. You think so? We're waiting. Miami. Hey, boy, I do a bow. Hey, boy, I do a bow. I got my right. Oh, boy, that was 88 yards, boy. And that guy caught me from New to Only Gary caught me from behind. Hey, look like you tripped over the invisible line, Bo. But you're doing whatever caught me from behind. Yeah, well, don't tell anybody about it. 28 after 11 and WOD. We have an open line and date. 751, Bo is God. He knows Sammy Smith. Oh, boy, you see Sammy cough that ball up yesterday. There was on the ground again. Right after offered all may that great play. Huh, look like everything was going great. And there's Sammy again coughing it up one more time. And Sammy, you really bite the big glassy at a big game again. Seagulls, what do you have like 17 yards and 18 carries? He is the best. He's no bow. And who's that big guy for Sandy for Seattle? I running back. What's his name? William B. William something like that. 1131. At WOD, we have an open line and date. 751. Man, that mercury is starting to get down into my ad noise. God. If you didn't see 60 minutes less, now you don't know what that's all about with the drilling. They had this big long segment on a run like a half an hour with morally safer. Can you imagine how many real teeth he don't have to. He wasn't ignoring about his teeth. They're in a glass. They're soaking right now. And it showed how the mercury that they put in the fillings. They mix up mercury and a bunch of other crap, which is exactly what it is. And they jam it up in your mouth. What did they call it begins with an A? A male. A male, a boy. He is he shopper or what? George is sharp as a drail today. And they stick that crap up in your mouth and a mercury releases vapours. And they showed people what everything from piles to multiple sclerosis and everything in between. And they went in the head. The fillings removed from their mouth. And as one woman, she who had MS who could barely walk, she goes out dancing like the next night. With more Lee safer. And said, by the way, your breath is pathetic. But I feel a lot better. Now, seriously, just one of the great scandals of our time. Probably the best segment they've done on that show in years. And this morning, I look in the mirror because I haven't had any fillings a long time. Because I don't have that many real teeth. I got all these caps and crowns. But when I was younger, I had like millions of fillings. My whole mouth is like mercury. And I look up in the mirror and I see all this, Oh, it's easy. I can feel it now. I feel like crap. I can just feel the mercury vapours seeping in the air, we pour my body. I want those fillings out now. Man, can you imagine how many people are going to be running to their deadis and say, pull it out right now? And you know what happens to those deadis to do pull it out, don't you? Straight to the Huskow. It's 1133, because that's another story. Let's go to Cutler Ridge. Yeah, how many home runs is George Bell going to hit this here? 46. 46. We got Danny Jackson. We got George Bell. Man, we are going to kick some serious button now. Take yous going to out for him a strawberry? Who? I see the Dodgers got bread butler? Yeah. And bread butler? Yeah. And they're all strawberry. Well, congratulations to them. Now, what happened with Fernando that they ever give him a contract or not? I gave Kevin Gross, like $80 billion in that guy, couldn't pitch his wet of a paper sack. Yeah, Fernando's slipping now. He's not a... He should have seen the LA papers out there. They were foaming at the mouth of the gate. Gross all that money and they don't want to give free pay for and, though, for all his great stuff and all the good meals he's eaten with a soda. Yeah. Yeah, and I was hoping that the white socks would get well, but he's back with Oakland. Yeah. Well, he said they got the good stuff in Oakland. Yeah. That's true. OK, sir. Go cop. Have a great life. Yeah, we got George Bell. And we got Danny Jackson. And we got Jose Nune as what they all could you want. We have an open line in Dave County, 751. I think on the first day back from vacation two hours is enough, don't you? Man. I'm exhausted. I feel like I've been working at a fever pitch here all day. And see, there are a lot of practice or it could be that. I wish we could get a dentist to come in here. Maybe we could do it someday this week and yank out all my fillings right on the year. I'm not joking about that. I bet you if we did that at 10 o'clock. How long do you think that would take? How do they do that? Who do they have? Do they use that little thing that they scrape with? You know, you know, you know, you know, all the dentist tool. I mean, there is not one at the pleasant, but the one that bothers me the most is the little one with that sharp little hook on the end of it. And they go in there and they like scrape stuff. And even after they put the filling in after they poison you with that mercury, they smooth it down with that little thing. And you can just, oh man, can you feel all the mercury that's been released? It all through your body or inhaling and breathing it into your lungs. Well, they're scraping it off while they got a mask over their face. Now, what is this about Rick Sanchez striking up a desk tree and after the dolphin he go get it? I have to check into that. But in the meantime, we have a great American ladies and gentlemen, who's heard from Vegas to Miami to every point in between. Deal? Welcome home, pal. Yeah, sure. Easy for you to say. How would a rather hurt your voice and Vegas again today? Oh, I guess I wouldn't hurt you today. How about tomorrow? Tomorrow you'll be hearing my voice right where you are. But I could hear you in the other start us. I could be on a plane this afternoon about 245. I could be out there tonight by 8 o'clock Vegas time. I could hear you tomorrow at post time. I didn't know the thing was doing cold race. Yes, sir, they sure did. No kidding, do you have any luck? On that horse? On I need more. In fact, well, I had a lot of luck at the sports boat, but not at the corner. That was the only track that I lost at. I bet just one race and I said it was nice here in Fils Voice, but let's go on to bigger and better things. That's amazing. That's the only track you should have done some good at. Yeah. No, actually I did okay, but a couple of races at Hollywood Park and Juan. I was bed and garden stayed in yorkers in winning. This game in winning was amazing. That's the weather. Hard to spend anyway in your heart. Yeah. You know, I don't know where you would see this. Is it all in the sports put there? No, I didn't go to see this this time. That's a great sports. Yeah, I've been in that and it is a great one. But the start us, I don't know. They're just something about the start us. They just have the right combination. They got colder. They got Hollywood. They got this game. They got garden state. They got yorkers. I mean, you'd you understand what it's like, but in Jack Mozeev and Gilmar's junior at the same time for me. I mean, that was like it was like dying going to heaven. I know it's our gas. Oh, God, and they both won. We're staying at the start this. No, I was staying at a, it's called the Romada in central pay sweet, which is not a casino. It's one of those all sweet, small tells. Was it on the strip? No, it's off the strip. Is it matter, fact it's on, um, Harmon Avenue. And it's right off. It's like maybe a mile or half of my office strip. But it's right near the Aladdin. It's right. It's just in a great central location. It's right off Paradise Boulevard. It's across the street. I'll tell you from the hot rock cafe. Well, I'm not familiar. The last time I was in Vegas is about four months. But I say, hot rock cafe, the hard rock cafe. My mind was just, in fact, slaughter was there the other day. The last day that I was there on Friday and all the kids were there in the media. And that place is just happening 24 hours a day. It's in crap. Was it hot? No. The weather was so perfect. It was just incredible. It would be like 60 in the daytime sun shining out of cloud in the sky. Crisp warm, nice pleasant. And then at night, it would be a cold like down to 35 or six, but not windy. There was no breeze at all. So you could almost go out without a jacket at night and not be freezing. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That real dry cold air. Actually, that's a great counter in the day when the weather's not too hot. You don't need a car or a cab. You can walk from place to place. It's really very easy. Yeah. Everything's so close. Well, not when you're in a big hurry to lose your money. You walk slowly. That's all. Yeah. And that will end up with more money. It was just great. I must have hit about a dozen different casinos from the Aladdin to the Barberic Coast. And the amazing part of it is I was winning in almost every place. The only place I lost the Mirage when I first got in there, I lost about a quick 400 of the slots, which I always do just to be a good guy. I think, and I, at the X caliber, I think I won about 100 and a half. And then I, because the place was so exciting, I stuck around and give it back to him. You're impressed with the caliber. I thought the X caliber was sensational. A sportsbook didn't, I don't know. It didn't look like all that much. I mean, it was nice, but there was nobody added. So that's usually a pretty good barometer, whether it's really a happening sportsbook. But the rest of the place, the casino part is just electric with neon and, I mean, just far beyond anything you've ever seen. Just enormous. And then you go upstairs and they have all those rest rods. It was just fabulous. I think that all these people have been knocking the X caliber. I don't know what they're looking for. I thought it was great. I don't know. It took a lot of knocks. I was there in August just before it opened. But the outside looking at it. It's so unbelievable. It is. It is. And it's just gigantic. So naturally, you're valet parked there. You go right in. And it's, you can spend a whole day. They're easy. That's the one that's got that humongous sword, right? Yeah. Right through the, like, courtyard of where they're in. And in fact, it's pointed in the just the right way. So if you have a real bad day inside, you come flying out and you're in pairs yourself right on a sword. It's all over. It's great. Well, sounds like you had a great time. I'll be looking forward to you picking horse. Maybe they'll be a horse to Markel. Vegas, gambler or something like that. Yeah. Well, it sure won't be the one I bet on last week. It was one of those two year old maiden races. And they bet the seven horse down right at the end. The funny part of it is the horse that had to lead all the way. You'll remember this. The two horse was the horse that beat me out one day a couple of weeks ago that I picked a, a gyra, rode the horse. And a horse this horse led all the way. He said a real slow pace. It was a mile in a sixteenth. And he went the half in, like, forty nine and four or something like that. And the two horse had to lead the stretch. And the seven with Michael Lee came from out of the sky. And one of them, they bet him about a two to one at the end. Unless it was Vickson girl. No. I can't remember of the time I had, but there are so many horses that go through my head every day. I'm sure there are. You know, it's impossible for me to remember one. But anyway, I'm looking forward to you calling, calling tomorrow and we'll get back on our winning ways. You bet. Okay. I really missed your pal. Well, here I am. Well, for better or worse, yeah. Thank you. And we'll talk to you tomorrow. Okay. Have a good one and glad you had a good vacation. Thanks. By. Lemon forty seven a W.I. did. Don't try to, don't call here and try to cheer me up. And I'm back in his God for sick and depressing place. I know where I am. I know what my lot in life is. We have an open line of day at one in Palm Beach. Boy, Steve must be really excited. I forgot. Heavy duty. Tally's got Gary Daniels. And who's that sports guy that's coming on overnight? How come I can't find the name of that? Bill Gardner. This jock, another guy never did a talk show in his life. He's going to be doing a sports talk show overnight. It's just amazing, isn't it? I mean, W.I. just snows with all their power. And all of that company's money. They couldn't do it. And see Steve, the rationale is well, we saw in spots. We're selling lives. Well, the audience, I hate to break the news to the audience. Doesn't care how many spots you've got. The audience wants to be entertained. They want to be a muse. They want to be, they want something interesting. Okay? They want to be entertained. And they don't care how many spots you're selling. They're not interested in just supporting you for the rest of your life. They want something that's different, edict-siting, and new. Not the same old rehash, contrived, crap that they've heard. Fifteen million times before. I'd rather sit and listen to that all day to be honest. We haven't started to get used to it. I kind of like it. You're very so often an artist comes along that captures in song, the true spirit of Christmas. Now that hallowed tradition lives on. Come here he comes. The hottest working man in snow business. We got a couple of no-well Mr. James Brown. That's an asset. Only an asset. Only comb your. All is red. See the fat you hear, man. Come in, Tim. It's Jim, it's Daniel. Let's go, whack. There's a song. Our James Brown. Christmas song. But to record set by puts the soul. You know what? Christmas is time. And you've been a wild man. They're not training. Been a nightbop. They're the new way. Santa's got a brand new bed. Why be good for Christmas when you can be bad. Start walking your stockin' with our James Brown. Christmas. Wow, a pack of hearing. And you're freeing. That is too. That new bond king. Christmas. I feel broke. Okay, I'm 54. When we got a lot of mail every time I think I got the latest tally here. She hands me another, but another stack. Speaking of stack, here's the not slanting lady. Hi. How you doing? Good. How are you? I'm okay. I have to be back on. Oh, yeah. I'm just re-adjusting to my environment. Well, you missed a good and a fairly good episode. No, I saw Thursday. Did you see it the week that you left? No. No, I didn't see that. I saw last week though, and I see that Valice Crazy is Ever, which I don't know what the big deal is about that. She's always been nuts. Yeah. She's just a little worse than usual. But then what happened there at the end? That kid he went to the house and there's something going on in sight. The father is how to be steel. Oh. Oh. Really? Yeah. So, you know, good old back to the rescue. I guess he's going to adopt this guy. Oh, gee. Oh, man. And at Linda, what a slouchie is. What a poor hat. Did you see when the guy asked her about the ring was that last week or the week before that guy from the other company? Yes, her owner, you engaged. She doesn't know that was my mother's ring. No, I didn't have to spend the week before. Yeah, I taped that one if you want me to spend the week. She is a real slouchie. She's like, Mindy on guiding light. She's just like the town tram. Yeah. I don't like Skyling Way. I guess I should. Yeah. Well, I think you missed the best parts. It's all over. On our side, it's over. Ah. But anyhow, did she disappear? Can you believe that she took like a deep breath? Are you there? I'm here. Well, you got cut off there for a second. You got that crappy mobile phone. I never know when to how you're there. And who's that? Oh, that. If you could hear what this sounds like on the ear, you would just, you would want laughing. Oh, God. I'm going to get my feelings taken out right now. I think it's starting that Mercury vapor is backing up into your phone. See ya. I can't keep her on. It's just hopeless. Get a new phone. What ya? We love her, but her phone sucks. We have an open line of day, 751 and one and a brown, 524 WIOD. This is not this is okay. It's about what you expect that I'm on day. Oh, gee, it's Monday. What do you expect? She's I've been away for a long time. Yeah. We had one call about our horse yet about the big thing with Christmas list. The pop at all part. Did we have one call about that? Nothing. Did we have a call about Rick Sanchez hitting some pedestrian after the dolphin eagle game? Nothing. Did we have one intelligent call about all this incredible radio stuff that's going on in a market that's almost worth talking about on your more station WFTL? I'm serious, man. If we have an epidemic of people having their filling stake in our dirt, whatever number they would have had. Like a one, it's going to cut to a third. I'll have like a point three. Because that's where a lot of these people in the condos pick up FDL is on those fillings. I'm playing with my nose. Oh, really? Nine minutes after noon, let's go. Now, wait a minute. She's already gone, right? Not sliding, ladies. She's back. You're back? And back. Wow, it sounds so much better. Yeah, I have a better connection. Would you do pull out a couple of fillings during the news? That was it. I took your words for it. So I found the feed. You found what? Or is it back on? Yeah. When is it on? It's the weird time. It's on, I think, T124. I'll check in and let you know about pressure. But I'm pretty sure. He won 24th seven in the morning on Thursday. Also on the same day? Yeah. Well, that's not bad. Well, we could talk about it Thursday. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Well, it'll give me something to get up early for. Oh, I was all excited. Because you said you were going to be on Thursday. Two weeks ago. Well, I was going to be on. But then I had a whole bunch of stuff. I had to take care of. And I did it was on for like 10 minutes. Oh, so I was all excited. I think I was going to call you with all the info. I'll see you handed, huh? I had it. But I came to it if you want that episode. It was a pretty good episode. Wasn't. Yeah. We had about two minutes of pass. Hmm. Moe saw many elevator last week. Right. But it was still pretty good. It was pretty good. The pass couple weeks had come pretty good. Well, I'm getting real tired of the guy in his daughter. You know who I'm for what's his name? Yes. The black guy. What is the black guy? Timmy. Oh, Thomas. Hello. Hello there. Some interesting people in school there, but that's another story. Yeah, except for her boyfriend. Nirty. Yeah. I don't know. Oh, she's got a little problem. Yeah, a little bit of problem. Well, I'm glad you got your phone straight. Now this is sure a big improvement. A big turnaround. Yeah, I should have listened to her how bad it was. Now I'm going to. Ooh. Yeah. Was that bad? What is that in the bag? They heard your drill. Sounds like seen from the exercise. Yeah, yeah. I'll have a great day and I'll see you Thursday. Okay. Bye. For years, one of those has just gone to the mountain. Today, he visits capital here. Well, hi there. Say, aren't you one bald ass? See? Yeah. I didn't know you were a Democrat. No, no. He's my bro. Introducing this treat of Columbia. No, I say, well, what can I do for you, one? I would like to know who's going to be in the beans. You know, that's a real good question. He developed through use of extensive research and cost overload. District of Columbia coffee is the richest, most expensive kind of coffee you can buy. Yeah, it's fair. Here Mr. Presidente, at Trides. Oh, sure. But it's so strong. Why? Because you people need to wake up. Please, Dr. Columbia coffee from General Foods because Congress is child full of nuts. Oh, I'm giving things I can do. When it's time for a salad, nothing beats the convenience of the salad shooter. Just a even shoot. It's great. Yeah. If you're on leaf bottom, root sucking veg head. Uh-huh. But when you've got 40 pounds of ground, Chuck Stern, you and the face, you need the big more power of the mate mortar. Move. Catching commandals, it's the mother of others, helpers. The mate mortar is the only dinner delivery system that can fire up to 20. I have the rounds per second. Just insert your mates. Me, in the hall. Set your gas or electric rains, founders. What did you load it? And your dinners own targets. It's coming. And the mate mortar is just one weapon in our arsenal of meal combinations. You can also get the beef for Zouga. The lunch meat launcher. And the semelodomatic pork pistol. Real effigies, real people. But only from kitchen commandals. We're ready to bust your jobs. Or Debbie's going to be big and Nashville, isn't she? WLA's C. Wow. And she's going to love it up there, aren't they? Bring her to work in a pickup truck every day. Just haul her ass right in there. Talk for the... Mick Jack, coming to the Bronx. I'd rather her, she's really a father. What made them so rich and famous. Helen Hardward. Well, if he parent knows what it's so obvious, it's right under the nose on your finger. They all have big fat lift. And now you can do introducing Lee Press on Lift. Yes. Go from thin lip or only, there's to full lip fantasies in just seconds. Watch, she fully press on lifts. I helped him. Oh, hello, Liz. And after. Hi, Elder. Liz, if did someone punch you in the mouth? Holy, press on lifts. Come in all shapes and color. Blue lifts for cold days. High lifts for the office. Blue lifts for naval operations. And if anything ever goes wrong with your lifts, bring them in for our exclusive lip service. Who is that fix? I've worked on a myself. So kiss thin lips goodbye. And lock your lips on this. Lee Press on Lift. Thanks to us. There's a pocket more than every minute. Okay, you can say that again, 150 in a WIity. Look at the 70 semis and pictures of Luz finer deli and Detroit. Man. Also in the mail, along with some more money for Camille's house, is a gift certificate, a hundred bucks at Barren's Men's stores. Nice. They were going to give away as one of our door prizes and charcoal on Friday. And, you know, we got a short turnaround. Mondays already shot. So we got Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. And if there are any merchants out there, any people who want to donate. Like the nice lady to give us those plain tickets to Europe, which was just a dazzler when we did the thing. It's specs and a saw grass. And we'll try to come up with some more dolphin cold tickets. And see what we can come up with between now and Friday is a little enticement to get a whole bunch of people out there at charcoal. Okay, it's 116. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Okay, what's the price tag on the death district? I'll give you $500 to Camille's house. If you give me that tape, that way I know it'll never be played again. I can't fake it. Time to get him, yank sir. I can't fake it. Get him, yank. Okay, once 16, we have an open line in date and one in Broward. Look at that. Will you? People are real slow on the update today. I'll tell you, 751. Of course, it just is well, because I'm like a little under the weather. Man, slow. Maybe I'm finally fitting in, yank. You know, getting real slow, or thorgic. Kind of crappy, yank. Maybe getting the flu. Okay, and let's take a call. Oh, you're still on the line in Cleveland, right? Yeah, I'm just wrapping up Sally Phrases. Sally Phrases present. Okay, okay, let's make sure you put it in the batteries. Hold on, let's go to a dentist and ojas. Hello, Nick, Mr. Rogers. Oh boy, yeah. Yes. Come on, you can do it. I'm at dentist and I thought I would call for some equal price. Okay. This is what I'm going to do. You know, I just been a drill a minute. Well, you know, the irony of this thing is right now is we're sitting here without electricity. Yeah. I don't have my equipment working. Why is that, an ojas? Well, with my office, I don't know what's happening. Maybe the F10 people. Or the OP and L, maybe Ojas power and electric is on strike or something. Either that or they watch 60 minutes. Yeah, could be. But I wanted to say maybe morally safer is outside of your office. Pull on the plug. That's very well-sumptin. That's very well possible. Could be. So what do you have to say for yourself, sir? Now that you poisoned all of the public and have all this mercury running around in our systems, what are we going to do about it? What do I have to say? Yeah. I think you should worry less about mercury in your mouth than now you're rainous. Oh. Okay. It's something to think about. That's the best I can do. Thank you, sir. Like I said, maybe someday we'll hear from a real dentist. One twenty seven. See they wouldn't have the balls to call now because they're, can you imagine the dentist of America today after that show last night? They probably all got that shingle out. Don't panic. I wasn't going to say what you thought I was going to say. Shingle starts with an S8, but they probably got that out too. They're probably doing it. Man. All these nasty calls. That's what I would do if I were you folks. I don't want to start like a big thing. But I'd get on the floor right now and call your dentist and raise holy hell and carry on like rumple stills. Good on the phone and jump up and down and make a big scene and act like the world's coming to it in. How come you're poisoning me? How come you've been sticking all that crap in my mouth all these years? And the mercury vapours are seeping into every poor in my body. I want you. I don't want you to get too pissed up, but I want you to just stop and think depending on how old you are. If you're old like I am like late 40s or in your 30s even, old, ancient. Every ache and pain that you've experienced over the last 10, 15, 20 years might be. I didn't say it is, but it might be directly attributed to the mercury in your mouth and your miserable money grabbing. Dennis. Who doesn't give a damn about you, your kids, your family, anything. Doesn't care about your health. All he wants is your dollars. Okay? All he wants is your harder and money. So I don't want you to get too upset when you call and you carry on and throw a fit when you pitch a fit on a phone. And say, what are you going to do about this doc? In fact, maybe we could start selling portable drills and you could take like maybe Sally's got one. One of those battery operated deals. And you could take it to the dentist on your next appointment. Okay? Have a little surprise. Go in the office and just whip it out yourself. Say, here's a little dose of your own medicine doc, strap him in a chair and just go crazy. Just drill every one of his goddamn teeth. Opeato is a hole in there, the size of the grand canyon. And then just slab that stuff in there, man. Pounds and pounds of it. Be sure to bring your gas mask. Maybe you can borrow one from Savam Hussein. You see that thing on the news and Iraq, they're showing everybody how to put that gas mask on. And quite frankly, most of them look a hell of a lot better with it. One twenty nine in WIO. Do we have an open line in date? Seven five one nine four six three a mobile pig report. It says. No, no. Yeah. Hey. Welcome back. Yeah. So much. Thank you. You know, I tell you, okay. We're a quick 75. As you come on, 70, 70, 70, 70. As you come on, as you're coming off 75, get nine and turn play. Yeah. Going south. Yeah. There's two quick ones. This pretty is about them. Well, screw them. Yeah. Yeah. They just have my exact words. Yeah. Get off. I was a missing to this with them. Let them go out and do something really Constructed like a rest all the dentists. Yeah. There's no crime. That's right. That's right. Okay. They're just getting the quotas. How come when I go all over the rest of the world, I don't see this crap going on? And you come back here to shop Florida. They're all sitting out there with their damn radar and their vast car and their weapon. All right. So I yesterday, these cops in Margate, they were hiding two of them. Or more to play with cops, off their bikes. They both had the radar gun and they were high behind the bush and as cars will come around the corner, they would point it like a gun at you. And then the third cops down the street would pull you over. Yes, my nice. And you know what this one guy did? I saw him get a ticket. And I went home and I made lunch and I was coming back. I saw the same guy pull over. He made a sign and went all the way up to the further road, saying, radar trap just around the corner. Good for him. And he came and arrested him. For what? I guess the obstruction or something like that, because I pulled over. The list of them was going on and the same guy that got pulled over for the ticket was getting handcuffed because you had to sign up up the street before the radar. I'm probably even more hermongering would be proud to. I thought I could do it. Not see Germany as alive and well and so on for it. You know, I'm not calling my judge. I just had a ruckus out that a little bit ago. Yeah. And they didn't still it with the you know how they're doing is the dark like it looks like metal. The workery rather. What they sold it. It's white and it's for it. Yeah, I don't know. And that's all he said he's going to do to my two. Thank God. I'm going to ask him because you know, I got my mouth like yours is loaded. I was a candy freak when I was little really. And basically I could feel the mercury dripping now. Can you? I can't. Yeah. I can feel a dripping too. This is Tony from Berkeley. Okay, Tony. It's about time we stood up and did something. Yeah, I'm so okay. Listen. It's great to have you back. Have a great life. Take a life. See it. 132. It sure is now. I don't understand something. I'm in a wrong break. I don't even know what they also go in on them. So confused. And you know what it's all about. It's all in my head. It's all from that mercury poisoning. We've all been poisoned by our dentist. I want everybody. If you didn't see 60 minutes last night, we ought to like read a gigantic auditorium. Maybe the orange bull. We can put it up on a screen in Joe Robby Stadium. And jam 80,000 people in there and make everybody watch it twice. And then go home and open up your mouth and look inside. And see all that mercury. All that crap that's in there that they've stuck in your mouth. That's releasing those harmful poisonous. Let me say it again. Pricinous vapours into your body. Pricinating your system and shortening your life and making you sick and wretched and miserable. They can feel like crap. In fact, you don't even have to call up your old dentist. Just to open up the yellow pages of the phone book and start calling around town. Get them on the phone. So thanks a lot, Doc, for making everybody feel like crap. For putting poison in everybody's mouth and then going out and spending the money and going off to Reno and Tahoe and having a good time at our expense. You bastards. Let them have it. And if they don't like it, you tell them I told you to say so. Tell them Alice rent tell told you, okay. He knows a lot about stuff that drips inside your mouth. One thirty three. Well, like herpes stuff like that. Edward you IOD. Doesn't he? Well, he might. He's done enough of those doctor shows. Anyway, Christmas dinner at the Spice Daple restaurant is going to be something mighty special this year and they watch you to join him. Oh boy, I just saw a susses in the building. I didn't have the heart to tell him. It's not bad enough that they're up against Mr. Ego and the acronym. But this week. Heavy duty competition coming from the North. Randy, Mark. Killing in for Lee. Can you believe that? How they got it? How they're going to handle that? Man, can you see Mr. Riley cracking out of the pressure? Not only knowing that he's got Mr. Ego on there just kicking serious butt with those contrived controversial shows. The only problem is these put all of his guests on his host. Now, I was going to have those people on the air on his show. Not only having to deal with that, but also Randy formerly Mrs. Jeff Chase Martin. Oh, do you hear it? Don't tell him about it. I'm playing with my nose. You may crack under the pressure. And I'm up against her right now. I had to deal with two hours of Randy from noon to two. They got the heavy duty about two to three. She ought to be wound up like an alarm clock. Man, she ought to be just on a roll like a Kaiser roll. Are you still there? What Sally take over this collar? Oh. Are you there? Yeah, I just checked Sally's present. Okay, hold on. Let's go to a high-element. Hey, Neil, what's up? How are you doing? Yeah, I'm on time with Matthew. Hey, we're redoing it. Sir, the show's almost over. I'm going to go home and check my alarm clock to see if I'm in a right time zone. Yeah. Anyhow, about the office, huh? They're kicking ass, sir. They look pretty good yesterday. We had a few nervous moments, but they looked okay. We're 11 and 3, sir. 11 and 3, we're going to go all the way. All those doom and gloom people that said, Boy, we're not even going to make the playoffs. What are they saying now? You realize that we could get lucky and beat the bills next week because Kelly, of course, isn't going to play. And we know we're going to beat the Colts on the last week. And we could wind up for 13 and 3. Hey, Neil. Would that be something or would it be something? Yeah, let me tell you something. Tell me something. Tim Robbie's going to save himself a lot of money because he's going to run a post to go over there to camp. So I'll save him for money there. And yeah. Yeah. Neil, what's happening with the bird? What's happening with him? Yeah. He's on his way to your house. 141 at WOD because he figures you got the same kind of sense of humor he does. We have an open line at Dave County, 751. 9463. Let's Stephanie Bromfield. Why know her? Well, I mean, she's been here. Is that somebody new? Stephanie Bromfield? She ever done the news on this show before. Well, it's not really on this show. It's like after this show. What are they saving her for Rick and Pud? What do they got like their own news person out to just because Henry's on vacation and poor Chuck E. Meyer has to get up like it four o'clock in the morning? Man. I wonder he looked so scorily today. He was just his eyeballs. We're just rolling around like pinballs. I thought I was back in Vegas. Man, it was like a lemon in the cherry on the side of his nose. Davey. Hello. Oh, Davey. What? I've been waiting and waiting. Well, if you're turned right now, don't start doing the heavy breathing routine. Christmas shoppers are driving me crazy. I've been stepped on pushed on, walked on, knocked, hit down on the side of that. I'm not sure if the guy's in my seat or tripping all over. With Mercury, yeah. Yes. And I had a question for that. I better check. You better check with Dr. Bendova because there might be Mercury in your rainous. I'm telling you, it's everywhere, babe. That's what Mickey Dainson. Oh, I'm telling you. I've got a question for you. Okay. We can handle it. It's a biggie. Really? Who is this guy that you played on your show with all back? It's a song called Up The Road. Up the road. How are you talking about? You've been listening to kids. Well, you know, this dream of holidays season. No, I'm having a night. I can't write every day. You're probably talking about the Mike Roberts Show. Because that's where he's going up the road. Him and Bob Gordon and all those other people at FTO. It's by Johnny. Don't you feel bad about that Steve about all these people are going to be out of work because of you and all your, your, smuggling over there. People like Bob Gordon who never get another job in a business as long as he lives. All these people need to feed their families. If Christmas time no less, he would be almost like we letting the bird go just before Christmas like we did last year. Are you following me? I'm right here. I'm right here. I'm so happy. Okay. Will you hold on a second? Okay. We'll come back to you. Let's try a mobile from Del Ray on a star line. Wow. Yeah. It's just kind of scary to send this thing here. It's not for myself. My mouth isn't full of fillings or fillings. The child's pretty full of it to me so far. I'll tell you that. But what scares me is my girlfriend. I've been going to the dentist quite often. Yeah. Is there any chance that has even been drilling or? Oh, well, I don't know anything about that. But I know it's easy to pull up really. Yeah. But is there any chance that me and her like, topulate is there, you know, with my thing and that. Can this thing be transmitted through through, you know, you know what I'm trying to say? Mount the mouth. Wow. Or yeah. Or or. Or. Or. Or. Yeah. Exactly. Is that the term of looking? Yeah. You might have mercury vapors dripping all over. Got only knows where it is. Wow. Now, this is scary. Who would you recommend as for legal assistance on this? What? I call up Norman Ken. Nor can those are good drip when he sees one. 145 and Wild. We have an open line. Mr. Ken. Can you believe that? The lawyers doing talk shows in a morning, screaming about politics and Margate. Satellite dishes and plantation. Alice Rantel doing those geriatric, help testing spots in the midday. Woo. Mr. Ego with his 85,000 best restaurants in town in the afternoon. And then people we never heard of before. Gary Daniels. My promoting the hell out of them or what? Don't play must when they go down in flames in about six months. Gary Daniels. I mean, what the hell are they going to get? They're going to sell spots there and poor Craig. He's on another death wish. But thank God, at least he's working from 10 to 2. Let's promote the hell out of the Craig Warding show because he's a good guy and a talent, which is very unusual in his business. 10pm to 2 at a morning. You can listen on nights when Hank is not okay. And you can listen when Larry's on any time. Because we don't give a crap about Larry. 146, a WIOD. Everybody likes to challenge the challenge of the chase and the thrill of the win. Come to tropical occult or we're gleaming the Thurabreds. Test their strength and stamina to put you in the weener circle. Okay. Bend it. For those bells do it for me. I'll tell you. 149, a WIOD. Our total we have surpassed last year. I think we got to have like a fanfare. Well, that's a closest thing. We got the machine. 76,762 dollars. And 85 cents. Not bad. You folks are really coming through. And this is in a year when there's a recession. And nobody's got any money. And everybody's depressed. And everybody's whining. And we still are almost at 77,000. And we're 100. We're a Camillo House. And the homeless. And memory eight days away from Christmas. Reach down into that wallet. Okay. And get more than just lit and naval here. Come on. Come up with some serious bucks. Make the check out today. The 32 Nio Rogers WIOD Miami in the zip is 33141. Here's a mobile and candle. The pedestrian. The pedestrian. Yeah. You're not putting me dark. I didn't. Any clue very far. Okay. Thank you Rick. Now what's the real story? Do you know the story about Rick Sanchas hitting the pedestrian after the year? What do you once in about Johnny dark? Do you know the story? Well, how come we don't have the story? Are we supposed to be the station? It's always got the story behind the story? Or behind the pedestrian? What the hell happened? This is the guy made fun of Rick singing. Oh, that was him. Well, it was probably celebrating. 151 at WIOD. Hey, he said thanks for the memories. Ricky Tickie. Do you hear about Ricky Tickies? 200 dollar check for Camillo. Sounds what a guy. My favorite. Even if he does play a bunch of crap on the areas. Okay. Wonder how many bullets he's got. Mac, can you imagine? Eh. Can you? I can just see from his brain under that camp I can see all the stuff draining down. Into the top, into the top of his teeth. I bet you they ever cut off his teeth at the roots man. Everything would just drip for days. Miami. Hello. Hi. How are you? I'm doing it. Did you enjoy your week off? Oh, man. I had the greatest time of my life. The only depressing part was coming back. Oh, well, I had a camera. I had a camera. Now, if I went ahead and another, you see, I was going to go into this today and I forgot. You kind of refreshed my memory. If employers were smart, I know this comes off sounding ridiculous. But if employers were smart, they'd give their help a lot more of a occasion. Because then you come back well, willing. Well, no, but I mean, you, you have a great time. You recharge your batteries. The Sally would say, and you feel like you're on it like a newly sound life. Why I want a few things that Europeans do have on us is that they have more on vacation time and more leisure time as part of their work. Right. Set up. Exactly. What I called about that was, I don't know if any of you has told you about this because you've been gone, is that on Wednesday night, there's going to be an auction at Club Noodle to raise money for Camilla's house. Right. And the items that are being auctioned off are some paintings and also some art to wear jackets that are hand-painted by the students of the new design, high school. Excellent. And I thought that maybe some of your listeners would like to know about it. What kind of is it? It's from 18 am to 10 pm. The auction begins at 9 pm. This is at Club Noodle on Miami Beach. Right. And seeing a presenter, Jillian Bost design. Fantastic. I know that that's one of your pet projects. I'm bad. One to make sure that people heard about it. Excellent. Thanks a lot. Okay. 153 at WIOD, 76,762 dollars and a very important 85 cents. We are really doing it. I haven't even got up every time I did the mail today. She'd come in with another stack. It was like some kind of a game that if that was playing, I finally finished it all. If she guys any more mail when I get out of the, I'm going to punch her in a mouth. I mean, I'm delighted we're doing so well, but enough is enough for one day. Okay. And I see Jay finished up. My car is coming with a keys. We got our lockers. Do you guys from the coast? Have a, you got one too? Wow. Each you're hard out. Blend whatever your name is. Blend. Thank you, Jay. Oh, Gary. I'm sorry. Gary, Daniels, whoever you are. Leave it to Steve to put together a staff of real stars there, man. Gary, Daniels. And who's the overnight guys going to do sports? Never to wouldn't know a radio from a pop up toaster. What's his name? Paul Bromstein. No, I think he's the owner. Bill Gardner. Oh, yeah. I thought he did a gardening show. And who's these some of the other, Repat Mahoney? Man, are they going to have a lineup over there or what? Rick's cidermen? Wow. God. They give Mike's Fidel. I'm putting the business. Waterhill. Hey, you're blue. Yeah. I'm telling you. Yeah. Steve's King. Who? Steve's King. Oh, yeah. Mr. Rigo. Yeah. The day you left. He went ready to give a commercial on that jewelry story. And he's got. Yeah. That's sponsor. Okay. He says, oh, yeah. I'm going to give a commercial. But he said, I want to say you want to think. Neil is stealing my sponsor. He said he sent. Dan and Bird. Where were he? He sent. And then Bird's right over to that jewelry. Well, I hate to break the news to you. Sir, but National Pawdon jewelry is that I would be every Christmas for the last three or four years. And we'll continue to do so. And Julie is a good friend of mine. And we don't need to steal any sponsors from WFTO. Kiss you've been listening. You know, this we got lots of sponsors. All right. And we had lots of sponsors before Steve ever came back on the air. But if it makes him feel better, you bet Steve. We're going to steal all your sponsors. Okay. And 20 bucks a spot just out of spite. Oh, and he said that he was only a fraction of way from hiring somebody from David J and old, which was Lee. Oh, yeah. What a bad break. If they could have gotten him, man, that would have been completed the deck. And he said that he's your little snow and there's going to be a line up there. Well, not your spot. And that's your partner. A lot of where he sucks so they're already off. Johnny, dark just took him off. Look at that. Our guy will socks. Haven't seen those since high button shoes. Meal, that field still going there. Yeah, who's that? He's the DJ that's running the records from 12 until 6 in a morning during the week. Oh, he ought to be great. He ought to be fantastic. Yeah. What's he going to do like where it, because it says a sport show is he going to like where a jockstrap during the show. He's going to know something about sports for crying out. Yeah, well, it's okay. There's nobody up at that time anyway. Can you imagine what they're signaling those hours the more? If they had like a point one, it would represent the number of people in this studio at this moment. If you know that, he had a man on it was talking about Mason's. Yeah. Mason's going to work with him at the end. He's going to go out. We'll have to go. Well, I can't wait. Didn't you have a show one time with a Mason on that you had a Mason on that you had a Mason? No, we had the urine lady. I was a Mason jar, but that's another story. Have a great day, sir. We're delighted to hear the Steve Cane report. Now, what is your story? I can't believe it. I didn't hire me to do sports over there. Yeah. How come Johnny dark? Well, that's because you know me. He wouldn't hire anyone. No, seriously. He wouldn't hire anybody I like. Although I like Alice. Alice is okay in a wrong in his own way. And Norm can't say good friend of mine and my attorney. So, you see, he's just got us around himself with all his little lackeys over there. I mean, this Reverend Pat Mahoney and Rick Siderman, and he wanted to see, hey, see them. Where is the credibility in that? Pretty soon, I'll probably have a Fred shots on there. Man, Chris this party was great for a while. I heard it sucked. I heard they had some ridiculous, uh, psychic. It was the most amazing guy I ever did. Everybody was terminally bored by it. They all went running out, screaming and puking. Leave it to you. In other words, the food was good. Is that what you're trying to say? SUDS was actually dressed. I heard that Rick Riley was dressed in a pink outfit that the people were just jumping off the dead. They were going up the elevator, the top floor and doing leaps and bounds. Amazing. Was it? SUDS had a coat on a sports coat and sneakers. Yeah. That sounds like him. And what the hell is it deal with these Zuba pants and cat play? I mean, you know, it was fun in the beginning, but now all these ugly people are worrying. You know, like Rick Riley and all these people at the ball games you see these fat coaches with these, I mean, there's some clothes that are only meant to be worn by people with reasonably shaped bodies, but all these big fat aid, give her a look in guys on a sideline and they got those big sized 85 pup-tent Zuba pants on. Come on. Give me a break. You're like some jackass wearing a cap doing a talk show. Well, we're on radio. They can't see it. Well, I had a word. Enemies ended over there doing this real good thing. Proud to be me with kids and with the drugs and all of that stuff. And then this morning, I'm watching the CBS Morning News and they have a thing about hopping. Okay. Did you see that? It's not enough that we the kids haven't figured enough ways to commit suicide yet. Now, they got a new one where they start hopping and puffing on this, like a cigar lighter cigarette lighter. What do they call that? But you think? You don't. They start turning on waxing in a morning. I listened to Greg B. R. And he started hopping and popping a man. Bingo. They're dead like in 30 seconds. It's incredible. No, seriously, they send him on vacation for two weeks to get him out of town to find a cure for it. They said there's only one worse thing to hear in a morning. And that's norm can. Those of us who tuned in like, what is it? Could he briefly tell me what the story is with this mercury stuff? The 60 minutes had a big exposalash night. The mercury vapor is in the mercury. That's in a feeling. The vapor is in like sometimes they just like into your mouth and in your system. And the one woman had multiple sclerosis. She had the following taken out. She was like better in one day. And people with arthritis and libago and piles. Your dentist are killing you friends. And if you don't go beat the crap out of him, I'm going to be really pissed. Okay. Stephanie Brownfield, a wonderful American. He used to bring me the newspapers in a morning. It's a reminder those days. Oh, those were the days. How's the bird doing? Stephanie's got to two o'clock news. Rick and Spuds are going to be along. Boy, they got a new star stood in line up. They're going to be announcing for WIOD. Management don't even know about it yet. We got Mr. Weaver with the very celebratory sports talk from bootles at 605. The Coach Lee and Art O show at the 720 women Dartmouth basketball, 720 and in progress the Giants and Iran's two night on 610 WIOD.