New Stock Radio 610 WIOD presents Neal Rogers to get a touch in talk, call 751 WIOD in Day, 524 WIOD in Broward, or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neal Rogers on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD. The Club Sun. The Club Sun. The Club Sun. The Club Sun. New�es Mom. Lime-Jesus O'Ne financial fund. In the home of New Stock Radio. You've got a really bad idea for her. Fortunately, I can't even breathe from another Eastern Europe. It's gonna be a free. We'll back her all at once, see. That maple stick is a lie. And we're gonna be a free. Nothing at show, show. Nothing but your uptown. Nothing but your uptown. I hear it through your downtown. I hear it through your downtown. I hear it through your downtown. I hear it through your downtown. You're gonna be a little bit more breathless for her, then. 10-07 at WI-O-D. It's a great day for the Irish. Fortunately, they're all on vacation. And we got the bill cost for it coming up at noon today. How many of you in the building want to bet that he's going to show up, huh? Speaking of guests, I only have two guests. I'm not talking about radio people like Bill Colver, Stan or people like that. But I mean, two guests who are non-radio people who ever come on a show any more want to build cost for the show up like about once a year. And Tom Jika. And I'm driving home yesterday and I hear some Schmendrick out there calling Rick and Putt. And they're going out about the way I do it. I have Tom Jika on your show, man. And they're arguing back and we're forgetting it. Okay, it's my only guests. They can steal my cards. You can steal my material. But lay off my goddamn blue-sway choose. Okay, guys, put the crap. Man, you believe that? Also, I know this is the same thing they did, but they were sharpened up to a mention on the air about Greg Vidal and an article that Tom Jika wrote in these slums sent in the one Saturday and it said, turn to page seven, the or whatever it was to continue and it was nothing there. It was gone, history. And so this morning because the Sun sent those great American newspaper, they finished all off. And quite frankly, they had the better idea the first time. There's not much there. I can gradually Dave Caprita on getting a job being in town is probably listening right now unless he's one of those programming meetings. However, I listened a little bit this morning and I'm not making it up. I was heart pressed to punch out the coast because it kept pulling lot of records that I liked. But I did punch over there and I heard him to complete with noodles. Dave, I'm happy for you. And good luck, you know what I mean? Like lots of luck. And the music they're playing on Guas 94 that esoteric obscure as the nobody ever heard before gets serious. I mean, that stuff is went out with low button shoes. I mean, forget it. But anyway, good luck Dave, I'm glad you're doing the thing. And we got the ball game tonight. We got cost-breded noon. Lots of heavy duty stuff. We also have any minute now any day to your rifle of the program director for coast, Fleetwood, Grover. Now there are people in the audience holding their sides and thinking that I'm making that out. But I got news for it. That's his name. Now you know that nobody made that up, right? Fleetwood Grover who's coming to us from WBT in Charlotte, North Carolina. Eight. Oh, I bet you he is some heavy duty stuff. So he'll be in for a real shock when it gets to this place. Okay, 1009 at WI was doing we got a bunch of calls on the board already, which is really great, neat, keen, swell. And we don't hear. FPL will be changing next Monday by the way. The big band sounds will be coming back. Uh-huh. They'll be great. Granny, get your teeth out of the glass. So we can chew it over. Big bands are coming back to FPL. What a joke. What a travesty. And isn't it interesting? I guess it's just a coincidence that King Paul with a big snows. They got his own station went out of town Friday before the massacre takes place this week and left other underlings to tell everybody audio. I'll re-bidurch. Your ass is canned. Isn't that nice? King Paul, you make me sick. You make me want to barf. His nose is big as panty Montana. You know what else? Said about it. Don't forget tonight. We have big things doing. Collect from Cleveland. Hello. Are you serious? Oh, that might be serious. Actually, I'm in Columbus right now. You're in Columbus? Is this Christopher? Christopher. Uh-huh. The Italian, the Jewish sailor? Is that Christopher? Is that Christopher? Is that Christopher? How are you new? Okay, you're in Columbus? Yeah. Uh-huh. How is Cleveland? Ohio State University. Did you write it? Did you write it? It's trotting association. All right. Have you been in a pistol down? No. Have you heard of it? Yes, sir. Beautiful track-up. So what do you want? I don't know. You talked to somebody from Paul and get on. Boy, is Johnny dark over their next door? They got that music of the coast crime. I mean, I liked the music, but now I'm on the ear. They got a cranked up again. Loud. That's it. Cut it down. See, he's listening. Cut the crap. Don't ever go to Cleveland. I've been there. Have you what you think of? Cleveland is like a set-up. It's dirty and schmooch. I turned on the channel. Did you hear my hotel room? Yeah. Right, State by school. Dan Koglin. Uh-huh. We couldn't get rid of him in Miami, China. Well, what the hell are you doing there? Uh-huh. Because this college, just, uh, I had a lot of calls on the board when before I punched this up. And so you've a lovely cup of Pittsburgh last night. We don't discuss baseball on the show anymore. We've 40 degrees outside. Uh-huh. I had a call at home in the middle of the game. Norm Kent, a maniac, was calling me from three river stadium. In the city of Houston, the city of Houston.王 woolwood. Oh, you said yielder he didn't know Park Stevens, where an gum installed. Anyway... ghost drugs, what an officer Mole Diand tr Futura Dan Koglin was about the first night of the atomic bomb shot. And I also told him, the condition of, uh, exposure of a giant was not a patient they weren't self-res nota. What's wrong with the curves? What's wrong with the curves? What's wrong with the curves? Okay, panic city. WIOD. Okay, two panics in the row. We got a little trifecta going there. IOD. What do you want? What is it? Yeah, only voice, prank. Hold on. We'll get to you. WIOD. Hold on. WIOD. Hello. Speak up or forever hold it. Okay. WIOD. Okay, we got some business to do. Then I'll talk about the game. And I will take a few calls. We got cost for it at noon. WIOD. Really? Hold on, sweetie. Okay, let's tell you about low jack right now. If your car is important to you, like mine is to me, then you better do something to protect it. Okay, because the auto thieves are out there. We have an epidemic of auto theft in South Florida. As they say over in the Gables, we're number one. Okay, that's right. An auto theft in the country. And that's why you have to protect that big investment in your car, your truck, your van, whatever the hell it is. Low jack really works. It's proven protection. That low jack transmitter that they installed in your car, they can do the installation by the way, why you're working in your office, your home, wherever you want. They'll come right to you and do a good professional quick installation. And if you're car stolen, you go out there and say, holy cow, what the hell am I going to do? You pick up the phone call police. And out of their computer, all they do is punch in a couple of numbers that activate that low jack transmitter and sends out a homing signal that they zoom in on in just a matter of minutes. And generally in 30 minutes to a 90 minutes or less, they have that car back in one piece while it's still worth getting back before they strip it down. And it's gone forever and you have like a nightmare on your hand. So if nothing else, at least pick up the phone call this toll free number, get all the information. And I think you want to make an intelligent decision by getting low jack protection the prices right to call toll free, 1-853 low jack and ask for Elaine. That's 1-800-535-6522 asked for Elaine. And all the straight dope on low jack spot on MTV. There will be 20 seconds of dead air. I know you're not going. You wouldn't leave us, especially before the trip to Chicago. W-I-O-D. Marvin? Yeah. Let's do good Marvin, please. Speaking. What do you want? I want to start with Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. This is Marvin. It's Crystal Square. And the picture is John Productiva. And this morning, it's clear as a bell to picture. And if the Boogie board spot that was on yesterday, if that should come on MTV during this show at any time, you will hear a long pause. OK. Like the guy's golden retriever with long pause. Speaking of a place to have a great time watching a little TV, maybe we'll watch a ball games sit back, meet the your friends and just have a great, you know, afternoon or midday or evening. evening whenever the hotly want to go over fat Tuesdays written slot where there a couple of weeks ago and I was there to join in and kind of rub elbows with some of the people so to speak you know what I mean Pat and we had a great time down there and you will too it's the place in that neck of the woods is fact it's about the only place in that neck of the woods it's in the Miracle Center at 33-01 Coral Way they're open every morning at 1130 they have a great half-hour every afternoon between four and eight every Wednesday night including tomorrow night is college night at fat Tuesdays with tutors shooters, jello shots and of course that largest election in the world are frozen specialty drinks whichever one fits your personality like the headbutt or the white Russian or the strawberry collider the purple passion or the tropical itch or the 57 Chevy or for our senior citizens the triple bypass there's something for everybody and a great time waiting for you every day seven days a week never cover charge either at bat Tuesdays you tell a kneel and Rick and slot tension by there in the Miracle Center 33-01 Coral Way in Miami Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy you'll see the movie listen to the soundtrack where the t-shirt and read the comic book and now just in time for Father's Day you can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie the soundtrack the t-shirt in the comic book new Dick Tracy Colone white smell like other guys now you can smell like Dick 1026 and Wiodine let me do the thing about the game or we're never gonna get this in okay because we've only gotten hour and a half and then Bill Cosford the movie cryptic of the hero of not all panic because we're not just gonna talk about movies we'll find out what Cosford hated the bird and why he's so evasive and elusive and why he pretends to live here when he lives in Jersey it'll be pretty interesting tonight is Wiodine your Rogers Wayne's plus night at Pompatome Municipal Stadium the game between the Miracle and a West Palm Beach Expo's game is at 705 and the pregame autograph signing at 630 and it's easy to get there it's North of Atlantic Boulevard West to Federal Highway but I guess it's like off Federal Highway right you can see it from Federal I yeah you get there no problem Gilbert's gonna sing a god bless America before the game and take me out to the ball game during the seventh inning stretch and the first 750 fans who show and don't forget if you want to come to the game tonight bring about your people just mention my name at the gate and you'll all get in free okay because we do have a lot of free loaders out there just mention in the word free of course immediately will add another couple thousand people the first 750 you show up will get a miracle pen and free and a coupon good for a free there's that word again dinner when you buy one dinner at either wings plus location 87 West Prospect and for a lot of day on the 80 to the West Sample Road and oral spraised time dinner will be there and you can beat up up on him too okay we might even sing time song for him at the ball game so be sure and come out tonight we'd like to have a good crowd make it look respectable okay 10 27 we do have a line of just vacated in date county pretty depressing 751 Wiod now what I was gonna ask before is everybody out of school now no just Broward and all the college punks right okay a lady and papa no hello there yes man I want you to know that I'm a papa no part supporter and I've heard Ellen thinklson is gonna be at the baseball game is miracle stadium this evening well it will be a miracle if he shows up you're right well he claims he's the real baseball supporter in the area yeah well look at he's the Yankee fans what does that tell you well he's a miracle fan now is he really yeah well that's great thanks okay thanks what did that make any sense to you how much to be in the one Allen's friends Wiod yeah Marvin yes sir what do you want about what I go to Buffalo yeah but Joey let me tell you something the bus leaves in an hour right out here in front of the 79th street causeway and Sally's gonna come along too that would be a really exciting ride Sally ride wasn't she the astronaut huh yeah how do you like that so she wasn't the one that got killed all right that was the school teacher as the Reagan said Wiod yeah hi I just heard they announced the game for tonight think better yeah you better check the schedule I think it's at six or five what the game double header okay the game last night well I got news for you okay we better get that straightened out because I'm not gonna be doing I you know I don't want to sound like Mr. Primadana but I don't think I'm gonna be up there doing PA for a double header or the Gilbert can sing twice you know can we have to call Harry in for that yeah they were rained out last night yeah they were rained out right that yeah so before you show up it's six thirty you I check it well maybe we could get Mr. Dennerberg to fight out because as usual anytime we go out and do something of this radio station it turns out to be a disaster as you know because nobody lets us know what the hell is going on so we'll find out well I get it hopefully hopefully we'll see you there thank you okay did you hear that Marvin we don't know what the hell is going on okay get a hold of that little pimple head okay that little zit that walking zit in the sales department and give his head a squeeze and see what happens excuse me Wiodig who is this melvin oh Neil yeah the miracle game tonight is actually going to start at the regular time seven o'clock they got me six to dollars who is this who's who you oh this is the ledger's poetry Porter the why the ledger's poetry Porter ledger's what the information on now when you were going to be there last week the Jewish ledger the Jewish ledger the pop in our Jewish sports ledger's raid we got a story about sandy cofacts is where N. Al Rosen what the real uh what was his name Joel her shorn no not her shorn he's a Lord jewelry learn now for the white socks Joel uh oh she's the Jewish pitcher come on come on anybody from Joel Horland with no one about the way and Joel Horland that's true comes don't have any Jews under team but you have a rind sandburg sand sandburg it's just a little joke now what is it the game is a regular time regular time seven oh five oh that normally they are at six if it's a double header but in due to the fact that you're going to be there I guess they're the miracle kept things on schedule you're sure of this call in this morning you're positive absolutely a will be a double header that that's true starting at seven starting at seven but it you know of course it's a double header is the the zemy one game is a seven and a game both games are seven and a game oh thank god okay thank you sir okay and by the way Ellen Finklson the great baseball great BS artist yes has never been to a miracle game now I'm sure of it all right looking forward to seeing it and I also never stole a freight train absolutely okay thank you okay audio cello 1031 a W. I do well we have some conflicting information there but I'm sure one of them is right W. I. O. D. I. I. I. I'm on this game tonight to get tickets what do we have to sign up or no just to mention Eels name at the door and I'll let you in the for free okay thank you very much a no problem why do I keep answering that line nobody also get on like this guy was still holding are you there you think he's still there I better put him back on hold he's been on a long time and he's busy in the office W. I. O. D. Marvin yeah it's my package ready yeah it's in the bag okay okay bye see 28 to 11 at W. I. D. So we'll get that straightened out that'll be another little hook to keep you tuned in for least another five ten minutes till we absolutely for sure this guy from the aduished ledger he sounded like he knew what he was talking about W. I. O. D. Yeah can you guys give me directions Arnold Royal Castle yes sir where are you now? I'm on 95 in exile what planted are you want sure you want the earth through your rainers I'm on this was in the already yeah you're on 95 robots I'm just south of Dakota Dakota Dakota Dakota yeah I'm not the forlarder but I'm hitting towards Miami South Dakota yeah I'll come out where I'm gonna go Dakota I mean you know the design center for the America's around the forlarder report around the forlarder report around the forlarder airport on 95 yeah south of there also by Griffin road you mean yeah road. Why did you say the set of Dakota center like you're in the state okay okay so you say you keep color you got to wait and go okay you come down not that far you come down past the golden blades right you know where that is yeah can you handle that yeah and then you come down to a hundred and twenty fifth street that's one two five right yeah I want to spell that out for you get off there you go west one block just one short like half a block and right on a corner of four forty one and uh hundred twenty fifth street there will be Arnold Ruh Castle or we all kind of signs about nearly this and nearly that and Neil here and that's et cetera okay there's a lot of money and have a lot of great lunch alright we appreciate now and give way to big kiss for us alright hey do you want me out some geore something uh cost for it's gonna be here in noon no I don't know because he's kind of a picky I haven't sent a bunch of stuff over I'm not gonna eat any else yeah I know you're not eating I'm doing some diet soda and I have lunch at mommy's today because it's Tuesday but yeah a cost but I'm sure I'll pick out a little bit okay well let's do the one like to away I want to call my friend Dennis before I'll do your bag okay sir thanks a lot Neil enjoy it okay boy we're really instructional day guns and roses oh look at that sweet child of mine are they grow test or what huh great record but they just mmm they look like smots on wheels that's how yeah I shouldn't have said that because all those punk kids are out of school day schools are out on the 20th Broward is out on the 14th I don't think so today is what the fifth well how come these kids in Broward are like calling in you called well don't start you know sucking around just because you're leaving okay we have an open line in Broward 524 Melvin 524 Wild want to tell you about Toyota of Hollywood if you are in the market if you're thinking about trading for a new car please check out those beautiful those well made those incredible looking nineteen ninety two-yota's and the ninety one previathan the biggest the roomiest the most luxurious van that Toyota's ever built and the ninety one MR two and MR two turbo the one that drives like a Ferrari at a fifth of the cost and it is I don't know that sounds crazy okay because the MR two like a little sports car but when you drive it you are going to be shocked at the new ninety one MR two turbo it is fast it is luxurious it is incredible and as Rod Roddy would say the price is right okay so go over and check him all out at Toyota of Hollywood they'll treat you with velvet gloves man they give you a great personal service no pressure no games no gimmicks just great prices great value and the best in award winning service always waiting for you at Toyota of Hollywood that's what's made them number one you'll find them on four forty one right between tapped and shared in streets in Hollywood you tell Patrick Murray my good friends over there that uncle Neil said to buy for a hell of a deal at Toyota of Hollywood I am just wasted and plow I am just based out and down I'll hold on to three please bring me around I'm wasted and plow hard to believe got a thing in my mind the fire do you want my faces just blank all the time I am just wasted and plow I am just based on and down you could call me an emotional guy I'm just based out and fried okay so we got to the award review this is double-hettered now but it does start at seven o'clock but the question is seven in game when is the seven in stretch okay that's important because Gilbert's going to have to know what is saying take me out to the ball game okay so we have to get a lot of these things straight now I've also got another Donald Trump one I know we played that one at the beginning called Donald tycoon to the tuna rocky raccoon which is so good that I'm tempted to play it right now but I won't are you still there yeah wow yeah I know yeah I stuck with it through about four different chances there are so many that you were busy that's incredible yeah not too many people would do that but it also a few drinks with slew of griver uh shit on the camp where we're camping out about two weeks ago groovy and um we were talking about a white sale that was coming up and besides that how are you talking about yeah we were looking for some some of those clippers to put this little nails of the jarbles uh cute oh this is what I've had you out hold all this time waiting for yeah because we're not attacked in a program director at coast i.e. seven until the release gets here okay you ask me's in the jarbles okay 1040 a WioD we have an opening in date one and Broward now 751 WioD and date 524 WioD and Broward oh excuse me hello hello bioD hi yeah what do you want I just want to talk to me I do what you want hold on WioD hello yes sir mobile I can hear that that ringing sound yes the miracle game tonight starts at nine and it's a double header I just got to do this uh what a m or p.a.a.a.m. nine p.a.m. and each one is gonna be 11 innings okay so you'll it'll be okay the kettle will try that if we play enough venues you might score a couple of runs there yeah yeah and maybe they're waiting for no people to show up to start yeah I think they're having a waiting for a a a quorum before they start the game so that's why they're waiting for nine if they don't get it we're gonna have a lot of people are serious though you won't be there let me ask you something yes you notice when I said even though you would be there didn't say oh yes they're well say I know your time you're right absolutely look at how deep poop is written putt is the includes English translation of that written dick by the way you know he said something the other day what are you getting all panicky about he said his name was Richard I was driving home and he said his real name Rick or Rally is Richard and I was thinking of course a lot of people whose name is Richard they're called dick now if we called him by his name and he still had puts with him as a sidekick that would be I think maybe a little bit too much even for this audience well I don't know I think they could handle it haven't I probably haven't I haven't I didn't 1042 am I right just their name say listen we can't change people's names to suit a bunch of all parts of it washing the new gear paranoid nostal and psychotic right your damn straight well we have it opening a date county 751 Wio do we're having a great time until Bill Cosford gets here at noon hopefully when I will food from Wayne to pacify him because Cosford's always better when you show something in his mouth for waterdale hi yeah I'll be attending the game tonight outstanding starts in midnight no it's like I believe it's around 7.007 PM don't accept any wooden knuckles don't listen any of these those job provocad guys these are all promoters for the dogs or something don't the panicky attention against starts at civil grab a gigantic crowd I want everyone to bring banner that's a higher winter day even mister okay we have it opening and they so helped me got if he shows up see I didn't know who that was did you hear who that was you aren't paying any attention that was that slime ball super day okay and I'm gonna tell you something right now if he shows up his ass is getting tossed right out trust me and will I fat rich there to make sure of it 1043 Wio D oh no place I mean is that chronic when you just can't get rid of somebody that's a pain in the ass they just won't go away sir is that chronic or what that's the epitome of being chronic it's first my asshole a bit exactly what's going on here I'm spitting I'm here I'm doing it Gilbert Gilbert James yes come on Neil come on what Gilbert two steps oh geez are we gonna do a quest again we only got a limited amount of time here sir we only got a short amount of time we got a very important guest coming good noon alleged I'm just I'm killing a little time to find it okay okay can I just sit here and no because I found it I just found it have a nice forever you or even I'll put you on hold for what Gilbert did anybody ever tell you you were a little bit pushy now well guess what what you are the singing sensation of the nighties radio legend and touch show groupie Gilbert sings for you loud loud I get a loud buddy woman walking down the street buddy woman the kind I like to make it's Gilbert's magic from A to Z loud thing you'll make my heart sing you'll make everything gloomy wild thing you get every record ever recorded from the animals to the zombies who could forget this timeless classic these boots are made for walking and that's just what they'll do one of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you and the song that set America's romantic heart on fire stretches in the night exchanging plants as strangers and the night they're all sung just for you by Gilbert ever sung ever written every song ever recorded interpreted just for you by the golden throat himself Gilbert loved me tender love me true when a man love saying well man order you're today the 40 record set or two CDs just 95 plus 26 dollars shipping and handling no respectable shipping company with touch it order today for operators are standing by the take your order now this record collection is not available in stores they wouldn't have it call the number flashing on your screen 1 800 Gilbert croaks that's 1 800 Gilbert CRO AKS order now and you also get the Gilbert sing to the crowd 45 right me up to the ball game right me up to the club by me something up and back remember if you want it right it's got to be guilt show you said it don't say it again 1046 the WI did this little preview of what to be hearing at the ball game device probably have a little a stirring pregame speech by Alan J. Finkelson who we understand is showing up that should keep a lot of people away now where was that guy where was he that I was just talking to the wanted to hear that was that you oh you know how about you you know how about you yeah that was me Neil you're welcome uh we're in the old kind of cocos some of you do you back quickly Richard healed you're a do you okay thank you you're welcome 1046 let's go to North Miami Beach I know how you doing great long time listener first time call wonderful I mean go back to say like when you used work at WKT yeah wait that was it today's way back when I was at the station way back when I went right ahead of it and Craig Worthing yeah I was a little bit lint Russell who's now a big superstar how we're pretty Myers and Howard Primer and Tyler and Chris Myers and Joe what's his name may he rest in peace the newsman Joe Fried right and oh all of them yeah oh yeah I had a great time out in from Altan Road Mike Spindell oh please Mike's excited yeah does he still have that trivia show one of the stations down here Mike Spindell now he's on well he was on weekends on Ftl but he'll probably I don't know what's going to happen it probably be out with the laundry over there all anybody trying to get Ftl and they can't forget it because they're sting those like uh there's a little bit you could you could do better by wrapping your finger in your pop-up toaster and standing outside and screaming loud like leaf-ahleter could have a bigger audience in S.O. this is uh Neil's a chance for industry disaster there almost is bigger but Joe is QAM but not quite but maybe when your on vacation Craig and Phil are in for you instead of uh possibly possible I do want to mention G Michael McKay will be filling in the first damn gone on a Friday and then Stan will be here for part of the time and then some others I do want also mentioned that the Joey will not be among those filling in of you trust me uh Neil doesn't go to the bank on it doesn't go from ten to two instead of having no job in town I mean one day working rarest is during a week it's not going to make a living for him I mean that's ridiculous why don't you go back to Buffalo I mean I mean he tries to be anonymous driving that truck you know like purple truck it was hard on she uh Neil when he's on she we have to discuss that creature sir we have to discuss that just just just mention just mentioned have a little respect for the dead I just want to know just cause just one thank you I got a card for you the other thing the mill uh uh with a picture you're saying now was no one fan this and I just want to thank you with the card where do you get that from in the mail from from your radio station yeah sure I'm serious I'll show you you're dreaming now I'll read it to you right now okay you don't want to really hear it see why is it something personal no no just I don't unless one my friends play a joke but I don't think so what does it say it said it says from you know WRU dear Steve to my no one fan thanks for listening to my show every day no I would never write that well I had where I get it from who's picture is it Alex you're picture my picture so will picture yourself without the bird and what will I would just it written in Hebrew no not Hebrew the reality 16 talk radio oh that's not us no have an eye state pal all right thanks we're gonna have to get that are you sending pictures out in a programming office without my knowledge and forging my signature oh boy oh boy these people in there look out for them and I'll tell you don't ever drop the soap in error wrong we have an open line in date county 751 coast in one in Broward 524 they're both ringing look at that Wild okay okay I'll just look straight down Wild hold on okay what was that are you there yeah well hold on a second don't get panicky and surely with me sir Wild yeah I want to call well hold on we'll give you the opportunity sir after we do a very important commercial break here on 610 Wild where your signature can never be your own sure nice to see Chuck Meyer in here again talking baseball in it 1051 a Wild see any time the pirates women he's in here like a flash after they lose about three four in a row all of a sudden you couldn't find him with a magnifying glass but that's all right when Steve Blast starts tonight you'll be sorry anyway we're gonna take a call from Hollywood I guess say yeah yeah yeah you done okay let's not get something to ask you about five six weeks ago you were talking about the food you said they had some song there's about suicide you never talked more about it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well I want to know what song you were talking about what song I was talking about it's uh oh I don't remember the name of the album it's an old old album and solence morbid depressing stuff and there's one song in there I I can't somebody will call him tell you okay by the way the rest are gonna win the little series this year really yeah well good luck to you they might as well just call it all off the way things are going now all right just have a fourth it yeah yeah I was just a little bit of you heard on that there's a wild on what the list wild number here Liz Wild from she yeah I don't know I don't think he's given any more interviews I know that now he's to work there and she yeah oh my god no what do you sound so depressed wow there's a pretty ugly scene over there woo just an antenna exactly every chase you up and down the hall with a hammer which one to an agalia uh the daughter really with a hammer huh well we'll find out we'll get answers to all to your question sir because that's what we're here for all right okay have a good one seeing not see now I put it together once I know the song about suicide and he used to work at she at all kind of fits together we have two openings in Broward which is a shocking uh and I think everybody's at a school and out of here what Marvin says uh in Broward 524Wild he knows the name of the album see I told you dear field hey how you doing though which most of the people in dear field are suicidal especially if you're under the age of 100 like this color well you know I'm one or two of us the name of the album is uh it's from the movie the quadraphineal that's the one it's a great album but it is very modern oh more morbid and there's one cut on there man I can't think of the name of it it's something like steely Dan are we out of gas something like that I'm a real depressing hey um I think you're sure to let a while ago yes but I sent you a double X and I thought I heard you say the other day that you're down to a spell little like 18 no I don't 18 try 16 sir 18 what's going to practically a ballerina now yes close let's good so the next shirt I said very tight especially what I should send you the next shirt I should send you should be like what was it what was it well I sent you two but I sent you one with a whale on it whale on it yeah I'm a little bit like a Debbie L. T shirt yeah there you got no it was on the front of the back I don't I don't recall getting that uh well it was kind of like you know you have like this all kinds of thieves I think I know it and we have people like signed my name for my name to stuff here I'll be getting to find out what the else going on here well it's good because it was kind of a company shirt in the company's not mine so it doesn't matter that you didn't get it good anyway double X so I'll send you a what like a large I'm more into like triple X seriously what what size will fit you I want is in Debbie does Donald stuff like that large just a regular large regular normal person size on oh and you know something else what else in reference to last week the dead head the called in and said they're osmists sucks what we have for few of those well people would not taste any would taste in their nostril well I happen to be a dead head and anybody that is a dead head that will say something like that about aerospace you know obviously isn't all the way there you think it's a space to grow it's a very good thing here in Garcia to do that's a problem well I like the dead and I also like aerospace alright and um well nobody's perfect that the album that I fell in love with it would stay would say half a meat loaf is better than on there you go the uh three more album that's outstanding mama can yep that's the song okay and you'll talk to it have a good relationship there will probably be like a three horse deal well this never break day quickly I have to leave here every 14 years I've left to go to work worry and about whether you'll be here when I get back here I don't have to worry I'll be here thank that okay by the way speaking of racing I spoke to a great gentleman in the business uh uh Phil Salzman yesterday big news from New York Marshall Cassidy has been put out to pasture he's going to become a racing official of some kind any kind will be good for us and Tom Durkin will become a New York racing announcer at Belmont and Aquaduct and Siratoga starting August 29th so thank God for good news okay here's Henry Barrow who says thank God for good booze Newstalk Radio 610 WIO D presents Neal Rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 WIO D in day 524 WIO D in Broward or 655 and 278 WIO D in the Palm beaches other areas Lake Hockelet the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations now here's Neal Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIO D that's somewhere in the penance and man hat there live a young man named Donald Tycoon Boots I won't leave Donald Randall give another dean my love maybe wasn't in any of our didn't like that since I'm gonna get that boy so she talked to a lawyer said she want to pick box and the plaza hotel the down side cool walking to Israel all that to find his face for a bit the post call him sleep and all his kids he wanna say I will be melted Michael so globe with his willy. Oh, the door was smart. Do you know what making is all? I am fine. The lights that was crying. Yeah. That's all. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. Now's loyal walkin. You turn it to win. Have to see it too light about assets. Is that a body match? Take the cash and don't it's only scratch? And you'll be better. You'll be better. As soon as this is over. And I'm Donald Tycoon. Don't back in his room. Finding more slander and libel. The post-set Donald is dumb. Flander and bomb. And I thought it was neat. So every three by the way. He can't do it. He can't do it. Come on. He bought it. He bought it. He bought it. He did. He did. I thought it was not Donald. I thought it was not Donald. I love it. It's a lovely way to do it. You know, you don't like it. But that's too bad. Because I don't really care. Bill Cosford, the movie I'm even from the Harold is just a real rock on tour. And General Pan and the Anselbeard, noon. And Wayne Arnold will be here at 1230 with some food. So we can keep him occupied. Don't have to listen too much of his BS. And then Rick and Puts will be along at 2-2 a.m. To know on what we got. We got a schedule here somewhere. We hope yes sir. Study in Joe on Sports Stock. It's 6.05. And another great performance by the Ankees man. Are they doing it? How the Red Sox and the Ankees 735 from Fenway tonight. Okay? We do have an open line at Broward. Don't forget the ball game in Pompado, a beach tonight. Weather permitting double headers starting at 7 o'clock. You two games for the price of none. If you mention Neorodges at the gate. Okay. The lets you in free. All you degenerate. W.I.O.D. Nice talking to you. Probably another order. A West Palm Beach. I'll come you don't like Mr. Radio. What? I'll come you don't like Mr. For the same reason I don't like you. Get off my phone. You creep as somebody would say. Who's no longer here and who's on the verge of losing his job. W.I.O.D. Hey. Good morning Mr. Neorodges. Yes, sir Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Munghead. That's what they call me. What are we going to do with Mr. Super Dave and Mr. Radio with those two? Where are we going to bury them? Okay. Kick their tupaces out of the stadium tonight. Exactly. We're going to ask. Oh, so help me. Super Dave should cause I see him. I've seen his fat face and body at Pompado. We don't want it here. We'll show you up there. We don't want him there. Just find something else to do. Okay. I'm going to call him posing their presence when they're not the desired. Instead of a 70 or the head. We'll have a 70 kick off. Okay. Kick their butt right out of the stadium. Okay. Right through the old gold post. Can I be a part of that now? Right through the cross bar. I'm ready to roll. I'm looking at this and I'm collar here. We ought to play the mark you decide for this guy. Hey, I just want to play these cards. There's a, do you realize that we, Oh, no kids on a block. So you're going to go ahead. Don't I? Why is this video in black and white? I want to say this. Let's discuss that with cost for I'm going to put that down. I'm going to bring more except if this, but these are take cramps. You should know what it's not a black and white. So it's like, part of it's in black and white. Look at which part. That crap that I was doing. What was it called? Mailbox movies. We have black and white. Matter box. Slider box format, which is the most depressing annoying way. And it looks like it's all squeezed in. You know, like it's squosed. Is that like my, somebody squosed it too hard. God, like mighty. What was I thinking about when I first saw this group? How must have been my vision must have been real bad? You must have been playing with the dogs. Is this the hood or man? Yeah. Oh, nothing recognize. I wasn't paying any attention. Yeah, yeah. You're thinking about those lyrics to that Johnny Mathis record when he was singing something about Low over Jordan. Hey, I think it's chance to talk dirty with Melvin today. Oh, really? Well, that's why he looks a little depressed. He's a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little. He's not something. He usually picks up with compare worse. You know, yeah. But anyway, we're having Jordan going to be in here on Thursday. We're doing it from New Kids on a block. Oh, no. Yeah. Don't lower yourself, dude. Don't lower myself. Boy, I got a good line for that. That's what Johnny Mathis was saying. Something about lower over Jordan. Yeah, do you remember you got to have a piece of rock for that? Yeah. Well, well, I'm not going to touch any of your materials for because you're a filthy disgusting, perverted, sick, rotest person. I don't think you call soon. But you like me. Have a nice day. It's 11 past 11 at WIOD, where we're sick as hell, and that's why you listen. We have an open line in Broward 524 at WIOD. That is an interesting thing. This video starts out. I never really paid that much attention before, but I'm paying a lot closer attention. Now, it starts out in black and white. And then it, like, blossoms into full color. And then there are, like, portions of it that are in black and white. Like I said, only moments ago, I think this is pretty clever and pretty intellectual. And intellectual for real, as opposed to pseudo intellectual. And don't forget one of the great suites in the history of South Florida, Bill Costidl, allegedly be here at noon, and we'll believe it when we see it. Miami. Hello, Neil. Yeah. How you doing today? Okay. Hey, sorry. It was going before. It's WIOD's restaurant is Mo Hal and Drive Cafe. Right. It's like, it's going to be a waterways. It's right there. But it's got nothing to do with the unicorn just happens to be closed by. That's right. And like my car, okay, it's all power. How are you six is sitting in, huh? Well, I guess he's not from power 96 anymore. Well, no, from FPL, most recently. That's right. And you guys, that's, you guys have something in common. I took both of your pictures. Oh, is that all we have in common? Well, we don't want to go to that. Well, you guys both probably like a house. Yeah. And you know how I feel about the house, but I don't want to go into that. And new kids under the wall. New kids, my kids got some of those new kids cards. I'll start saving you the dog. What is that? No, they baseball cards. Are they coming to pack? Now, they've got to use. You're serious? Well, a guy that came home with two yesterday. He can't even believe it. What cards are to the group? For the kids. Well, but yeah, the personal friends about that. Okay. The packs of cards. And the gum was pretty good, too. Uh-huh. Oh, I used to love that boy. When I was a kid and got those baseball cards. They get like 20 packs. And I would feel compelled because people were starving. Somewhere in the world. I feel compelled to to every lot of people. Little piece. You're dentists. Look at this. Even some of the people are in color and the boy. This is interesting. The way they photograph video. And some of the people in the background are black and white. This is fantastic. See, I'm getting into this artsy crafty stuff. You know how they do that, don't you? No. Well, it's filmed in black and white. And then they just add in the color. Oh, they're getting dead. They bring Ted Turner in. Ted Turner. You colorize new kids on the block. Ted, you should be ashamed of yourself. Um, can I see your old thing? Hello, to you. When they're going to start showing those brave games in black and white, they're really going to do it. Yes, go right ahead. You're not going to do it. Okay. Good morning. You like that? Excellent. I'm going to talk about douchebags. That leaves story today. That guy that shook that kid. I think we should get him like somewhere and all throw some stones out there. Yeah, with the super day of en Mr. Radio, all the same bus. Okay. A grey house. I'll see you later, Neil. Bob, because they. Uh, yes. Tell us, but they don't really suck. They're just not great. Bye. Bye. What does he know? Wild. How you doing? Okay. Don't worry. Okay, some rice will go on. We have an open line in date one in Palm Beach. Two on the board at the same time. Not a very happy sight. These are not happy moments to Wild because the video just ended. A 751, 9463, 751, Wild and Palm Beach. I see. All is says, I guess these guys are passing. Now, because the Simpsons is much hotter. They're like only making about 4 million a day of peace now instead of like 20 million. See, I can't relate to that. I don't understand what that's all about. A Palm Beach, Wild and your mobile. Neil. You're on the air right now. Can't touch your sonny. What? What? What? I want to be a part of your six show. Yeah. Yeah. You got a good start on this call, sir. Yeah. How about getting your head out of the muffler, pal? Yeah. I'm trying it straight in there though. Okay. Wow. That was a call for Rick and a month. It's 11.50 a Wild. We have an opening in Palm Beach where Mr. Music just hung up 655 Wild. I just I can't get over those two slabs man, Mr. Radio and Super Day. Keep calling back and call, but it's like there are people like that. I've mentioned that many times before there are people who will just not go away. You tell them I can't stand you. You're disgusting. You're a road test. You're obnoxious. We hit you like poison. The audience wants you up. Hold it. The booky board spot just came on. It's 11.15. At Wild. Do we need somebody to fill this space? Hi, Uncle Neil. Hi, don't worry. Guess who? How many guests is there? How many guests do I get? Mori, Boogie. Yeah, I'll be very happy to fill in for you spot when you're gone. Mori, Boogie. Yeah, Wild, you got two chances of that Gilbert. What's that? None and much less than none. Oh, because, uh. Yeah, oh, because, uh, yeah. Yeah, because. You've had about as much chance of filling out my vacation as blind my kids doing morning drive on QAM. Oh, I see. Yeah. Well, I guess. Gilbert, tonight's the big night, eh? Yeah, I know. I'm looking. I know we're going to have you sing, take me out to the ballgame because they're seven and again. And there will be no seven that are stretch. We'll have to do it like in the middle of the fifth inning. Well, I'm happy to see you. Yeah, you're ready to like two times. But what do you think? Good. And I guess you probably heard me on Sunday, right? No, I sure didn't. You mean, you didn't hear the, how I sure did not. Gilbert, when my life gets that empty that I have to listen to WKT on Sunday, will be the day I pull the trigger as well, Rogers. Oh, because he added why did you, I was so into the show he said. Yeah, good. I'll be so good. I like to him, Gilbert. I say. We don't slum around it. Substandard, the doof bag radio stations like the cat, okay? Yeah. Got it, Gilbert? Yeah, it's black. He looks like a quarter. Well, we'll see tonight, Gilbert. Yeah, also next Wednesday. Well, see tonight, Gilbert. Okay. Like I said, for just a moment or two there to fill that spot. But briefly, it's 11 17 and WIOD. We have a lot of opening and date. WIOD. What is it? Hello? Yes. Got a version of your song for you here. Hold on, and we have an opening and broken on and everybody will be happy. 2789, 463. What song is it? Let it hit the buzz. Oh, he didn't even wait. Hold on a second. Are you there? Any hands up? Man, then I'll use your whoever that was. You are so dumb that it's frightening, okay? You are so dumb that you make like, um, I'm trying to think of a real dumb. You make Bart Simpson seem like Albert Einstein and drag, okay, sir? I was going to put you on over just a second. Let you show your eyes to the whole world. Do your thing. And he, like, puts it on in the middle. And I'm trying to talk to this idiot and he's gone. And you could hear some little baby wailing in the background. Pathetic. That little child in the background, sir, is got a hierarchy that you do. That was so weak. So bad. But we enjoyed it. Wild. I'll feel you're opening. Cute. It's 1118 in Wild. You know, see that was a pervert. I know who that was. You know who that was? That was that pervert. I know him. Real screamer. Anyway, let's talk about charhutt right now. If you're in the mood for a great lunch charhutt is the place to find it. Lunch that is. If you live in oral springs, coconut creek, north-lautterdale, Marguer, or any other seven location areas, that's kind of a little awkward. If you live by charhutt anywhere, you got to get over there and try some of the new things on the menu. For example, well, these aren't new things on the menu, but it's a new deal. It's the Neil Deal at all seven software to charhutt's. Two of their delicious buffalo style jumble hot dogs. Those gigantic weenies hooked on the grilled charborels. Just the way you like them with your choice or fresh delicious toppings. And a large soft rank just two night and nine. That's the Neil Deal every day at charhutt. And if you're watching the weight like some of us are, then I'll have a 296 calorie quarter pound chicken breast. For those of you have to kind of watch what you eat that they cook on the grill exactly the way you like it like that cook everything. Or if that's not enough if you're a real big fresher, they introduced a half pound double chicken breast to like more breast for lunch. Okay, it is just unbelievable and it's waiting for you only. At charhutt also brand new the new kids combo kids 12 under. Get a hot dog or hamburger fry in a small drink for half price. At charhutt right now the best ingredients cooked exactly the way you want it fresh on the grill. You can't beat it with a stick. At charhutt open every morning early at 10.30 for lunch dinner and great late night snacks. And expensive the food is delicious and sure boots the hell out of those fast food joints. Okay, 7 subload of charhots you'll find them in tamaracks. sunrise Hollywood Davey Oakland Park Miami and the newest charhutt at 306 North State Road 7 in Margabe. I don't believe you Johnny Dark you are a shameless person. Okay, go back and play some of that good stuff. They are playing good music over there it's frightening not as good as we do but pretty damn close. Did not play this way. Next week. Excuse me is that a bugle in your chains? Why yes it is. Get in. I know flight of the bumblebee. And a bit you know it's liquid groove or two. It's 1122 at WIOD where we're just having one hell of a day. Don't forget the ball game is tonight I keep reminding you that because got only know as we hope we have a few people up at Pompatome Municipal Stadium 7 o'clock. Double header will be there for the first game A between the Miracle and the West Palm Beach Expose. And just mention my name at the door or Gilbert's name and you're getting free in the first 750 fans who shop get a free Miracle penit and a coupon good for one free dinner when you buy one at either wings plus location. Sounds incredible. Miami. Yeah now. Yeah. How to call Steve O'Leary a bunch of knuckleheads. Yeah. Okay. Good one. Kendall. Oh Neil. Yeah. How you doing? I'm a spy report doctor. Okay. Rocks got a fight over in Texas. No way. Yeah. You're joking. I swear to God. For what? I don't know. Usually stuff I would imagine. Oh, not just himself sent it. Okay. But I'll check it out. What's the chance is if him being hired now WIOD with maybe two to six. They get an adolescent trio there. None. What? What? I'm a spy. Okay. There's the call. You can do four hours in it guys. Those guys are doing great. Leave them alone. Okay. Cut the crap. Nick just brought me. What magazine is this? Oh, this entertainment magazine. The one with that ugly, grotesque Arnold Schwarzenegger on the cover. He may. Let's talk with Bill Cosford about Arnold Schwarzenegger for about two seconds. Oh, is he just? He represented. He's like a step above. And I do say above. Oh, still that's just alone. Just one step. And that Maria Schreiber boy, she must have seen something that the rest of us can't see. Because boy, what? What a couple of ladies, huh? Here's a broad with no chin at all. Maria Schreiber. She's attractive except like down to the lip. But under the lip there's like a chin missing. And here's him. He's like, uh, he's probably, you know, good in the sack. But other than that, I mean, what a great intellectual coupling. But anyway, inside this magazine, here's a thing on new kids on the books. It says some people are calling new kids on a block the hottest pop property since the Beatles who three new kid books are on a paperback bestéliess. The lives and laws of the new kids on a buy. And there's a picture here. And of course, the a four on the left they can all drop dead. But there's Jordan wearing a what do you like coveralls with nothing underneath. Isn't that disgusting? And Johnny Mathith is thinking something about lowering over Jordan. New kids on a block a block scrapbook. And the other one is new kids on a block period. That's it. No, not with a period after block. Uh, well, it's kind of interesting. Nick, not too sunny, but save the picture 25 past 11 at Wild. Let's go to coconut Creek. Now that we've discovered MTV man life is worth living. Yes, sir. Yeah, this is your buddy from Rochester, New York. All right. Now we're talking. Let me talk some swigles. White hot. I had some. I just got back yesterday. Let's talk about vikin' herbs. Yeah, we've had some real stuff. And down about. Let's talk about the. The chocolate almond ice cream. Oh, yeah. An incentive required. Oh, I did they really change it. Amidana Bobbs. They did original. Oh, I mean, the one out in the bright. Yeah. I don't know. I didn't go there. I went to the one at the lake. I didn't realize it was there anymore. I still did. That's your original. Let's with Tom Barpedal started many men. I understand. But I used to live in Brighton, sir. Yeah, school right next door to Donna Bobbs. And Brighton. I've spent out of a how many days. They're just shoveling that stuff down my throat. Yeah. So he went when then then he sold that to want to. I'm trying to think of guys guys from Wendy's who is throwing that place. He is. It's there. I don't go there anymore. I don't know. I don't know that one. But I go to one now down that the sea breeze. That's it. This is all they still do in it there. They can't believe it. It's such a. It's such a very place. The big thing is they go down by the Marina there. Who are the boats are in the bugs are. And that's the big deal for the whole weekend there. Yeah, wow, that's good. They bring a few law locks down there and sniff the flowers. Yeah, you know, you, you were very nice this year when we invited you to the Rajas The picnic at the T.Y. park, you know. Every Tuesday, but we, we won't be having that until next time. What is that was very nice? I didn't show up. I don't know. Yeah, well, next year, now we start after Thanksgiving. Next year and every other Tuesday, we're going to have to picnic there. And here you and my bro was invited to do it. Well, we're going to show up on these times. So now that the listen to you want me to bring it back to. I want to see you. I can't, I post it. But I can't domestic out with those things right now. And if I could, Wayne Arnold's got a mall that he ships in from. Oh, yeah, that's right. You told me that place on the 25th street. That's a. You bet you. Did you know Pete Pavia? No, sir. I know Joe Pavia. He drives it. Pompino. No, the peat was the NBA referee and basketball. No, yeah, the set. No, I do less Harrison. And most of the Solomon. And what, but you're Uncle, right? Right. That's correct. That was, let me tell you he was one classy guy. Yes, sir. And he never stole a freight train. No, he was great. You know, I was going to tell you that Pete Pavia, Nick, on the 11th, they're going to have a banquet form that I had. Is it remation? Yes. He's been, you know, pretty sick. But listen, everybody in Rochester, like, It's pretty odd. The red wings are a nail. The red wings are in first place. They're doing it. No, yeah. No, no, no, I'm going to take up an national league. Forget the cubs. I'm going to be a national league. Listen, I, I got something for you. I got a shirt. And I was trying to send a tear. I got an accident. I got her pretty bad. But I'm okay. And I got one of those shirts that you know, wearing a house. I got the cup shirt for you. Right. I'm wearing it in the john. Get a, bring it that. I'm wearing it in the bathroom. You want me to bring it down there at the station, or anything that makes you happy. I've got a number of convenient for you. I want to tell you, let me. Rochester, I got a grant kids and my mother, lather otherwise just a big waste of time. I think whether it was 84. Whether it's things in lilac smell and yes, not what you can't go back. Well, listen, have a great day. Listen, I thought it was sometimes when I got a kid to it, but I just call a station and give you some. Or come down. You mean some one? Deal? What? I'll bring it shirt down. I'll come down. Wait, we'll look forward to it. Thank you. Got my phone day. Get that other call. Okay. Okay. Oh, thank God for call waiting. 29 past 11 at WIOD. We got two open lines in Broward. I can't imagine why. 524. White hot. 524. WIOD. Well, this is a pressure building. Now Bill Cosford's supposed to show up. You won't be here. No way. Sunrise. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. I'm calling today to talk to you about golf. Do you know anything about it? I like the light from here. If you're a show, I have no interest in golf. I know nothing about it. It's boring. It's tedious. Okay. It's terminal. Call me here. And that's a golf. What is it? I understand that coming from you, but I have to. I need a favor from you. But I'm my good friend, Todd Monning and just shot a 79 Sunday on a golf course. At a boy, Todd, you're a great American. At a way to go, man. I'd also like to call. What was that like to eat? We were a 20 to six holes. No, that was for 18. All right. And like to call, don't start a douche bag. Right. And Todd, can I please have another ass movement? Have a good day, Neil. Okay. Good one. I wonder if that was figurative or literal. Well, we'll find out, I guess. 1129 and WIOD. We have two open, bro. It's been a little strange. A little spotty, a little spotty. I have the way things have been going lately. We don't expect this kind of thing. 5, 2, 4. WIOD is that bro had number. Chris, they're all waiting for cost for the show up. Then they're all going to disappear. WIOD. I could talk to Neil, please. Sure. I know it. I just always have a thing that I knew which ones are ready and which ones are full of crap. WIOD. I want to talk to Neil. Yeah, sure. WIOD. Yes. What do you want? Who is it? Adam from where? From water hill. Not marijuana. Oh, that. I'm okay. Hold on. I'm WIOD. Is it cartoct? What is it? Cartoct. Yeah. Who is this Ted Bundy? Parking in Lakeland would be a good place to park it right out in front of Edo City liquors. And there's a little bugger I'll come out and get to start to run up for you. Yeah. Little guy. Not bugger. Booker. Did that on the corner of the road? Oh, geez. Now I'm really depressed. What's his name? Van Halen. Oh, he makes me sick. Is that an Edoy rock? David. Yeah. David Lee. Roth. Oh, geez. I can hear his growth test. He is. Oh, man. Do we have to get started with David Lee Roth again? Like we did on say to I hate him. I just he makes me want to barf. I just want to just stop living. Stop breathing forever. I thought to compare to Aristotle. I beg your pardon. Did you say, Aristotle Smith, and the same breath with David Lee Roth sir? Yeah. That's a short call. And 1131 at WIOD. We have an opening and broward again. Broward seems to be like a little can't anchor us today, aren't they? Or is it just the can't your part were looking at WIOD? I hope it pours tonight. Do you? Yeah. Why is that? It's your stiff. Oh, okay. You're a stiff. But you're out there listening, pal. Mr. stiff. You wish you were a stiff. WIOD. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. I come a call to the other days from Detroit. I call to the other days from Detroit. No, no. We shouldn't take any calls from Broward. Speaking of stiff man, everybody's call from Broward is in the bag. You call from Detroit the other day? Yeah. And they wouldn't take me quite call. Of course not. We don't want to talk to a bunch of boring people in Detroit. It's a crappy place. Well, let's talk to crappy callers. We got enough of him here, sir. I'd like to try. From from years ago, yeah, it was great. Okay. Before pre-derived, okay. Pre-67. Anyway. So, that's uh, I was just, uh, you always take call that line and I tried to- Well, hey, don't look at me. I didn't answer the phone. The blame Melvin for it. He's the one. Oh, no. The thing was operator, uh, wouldn't even let the call go through. She says, they don't take call calls on their line and I said, What? Well, I'll tell that operator. She can just spin on this. Okay. Tell her to drop it. Okay. Okay. Okay. What about jerk that operator too? 1132, a WIO do. We have an opening and Broward Broward Broward. We keep sending like a stuck record like something in the time like in a Holland tunnel. WIO do. In Broward. See? Let's go to a parade. Say, now. See, now we got some real people there in parade. Let's start come to baseball. Let's not. WIO do. Crank line. I O D. Hello. What is it? Let's start come to baseball. Let's not. WIO do. Crank line. I O D. Hello. What is it? You got a call. I said, let's go. What is it? You got a call. What is it? You got a call. What is it? You got a call. What is it? Well, how can there be like that long pause? I don't know. What was it? It was strange. Yeah. What was that? I got on your end. I got my heard of my hand. Yeah. Your hand. Hold on. WIO D. Yeah. For Niel please. My wife. Your mobile? Yeah. Let's get right to it, sir. OK. What do you want? What's your story? Oh, Niel. I just call in and get directions for Arnold's warm back. I just kept it as sheet in there. I had your favorite white hot and there's some of his cancel burgers or whatever. Ray. They were fantastic. Nielie burgers. Well, cancel burgers. Well, Nielie burgers. There you go. Arnold burgers. But I am stuffed to the grill and I'm hidden down towards the Kindle now. For what? Well, I have, I'm doing business. I'm one of those, please, he sells me a day. Oh, good. Good. I wish I had the card out to play for you. But right now, I don't have the energy. It's been a very stressful morning. Well, when you get a chance, play the 95's on for you. I had to fight that hell. I just drive down and hear the day. Okay. Well, I'm better. Did you see Wayne was he there? Yeah, he was there. What is he? Actually, he served me. What about Arnold served you personal? Yeah. Wow. Did he hear your call? Yeah. He must have been pretty impressed, huh? Yeah. And he was the glad that you gave directions. Well, that's great. I'll have a seat. All right. Good. Okay. Don't call us twice again. Ever. Wiod. I think I'm speak up. Come on. Are you doing today? Okay. Hold on, pal. Wiod. Hold on. Hold on. Yeah. Okay. How you doing today? Great. I want to ask you something. I'll bet. What do you think of that? The answer is no. Let me ask you something. When you go home, do you go home? Why did you say, do I want? When you go home, do you take 79th all the way to the express army to 95? Well, what other way would I go? Well, you can go. No, I take 69th. I take 69th to be up here to like the bay. Okay. I take a quick ride. That's a go up to like a place for steak. Okay. I go up there. I take a quick ride and I go fan. I just float a vent. I get up to about 135 miles an hour. That's as fast as it goes. I'll say, well, why? Why? Why? Both of us say you go like a bad out of hell. No. I don't say that. Well, I don't say that kind of thing on here. Anyway, what I'm trying to get at is. What the hell do you want? I was driving up 79th. What the hell are you doing? I was driving up 79th. Yeah. And right at the railroad tracks there. Just eat the boat. I was thinking of the railroad tracks. I'm coming to work this morning and there were like two freight train cars. And they screwed up the traffic. My people were getting desperate. And the bars were down. And the railroad things. And people were going around. And then this guy gets out in the middle of the street on the tracks with the two cars. And it stops there. And then he backs up. I mean, you people between the guy with a bridge up here who's a real Yahoo. And the guy with the train. You people ought to be just in pealed and oil. I'll get foot right by the railroad track. You're a skewer. That's what's by the railroad track. What? They got this new billboard to you. You're talking about cyclic teeth. Oh, no. Not the one with the soap. No. When you want? What the hell? No one. Man, you guys, you're too dark. Like, wait, wait down. What the hell? Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, geez. It's called must be. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm biscuit and 79th. What the hell kind of a place is there? That's an appropriate place to have a big mouth. Well, it's all right. So the railroad track is like two blocks of the up from there. But I mean, what kind of an area is that for my billboard? Nobody's nobody's. Nobody's. Who's wrong? Is that area listens to this radio station, OK? Take a draw. I'm going to all of you to radio my score. Something. They're a bunch of common instances. I'm telling you. It's just like by the immigration building. And they're all of people look at off the boat and see that billboard. That's it. And those teeth, man. Those teeth. Oh, geez. They look like big kicklets and big big pieces of sidewalk. Like it's a earthquake happening in your mouth. There's something. They're all jagged. Crooked. I tell you, orthodontists nightmare. Wow. Really something to say. Melvin's sawdler. He seems like puking in the neighborhood. I hear it. They put it there so you could see it. But I said, oh, maybe they don't know. Well, I still have my speed. Must be a dynamite because I haven't noticed it. Well, go straight on 79. Don't turn that down. Don't turn by where? You know, that's right. No, I don't. Oh, I said. So in other words, um, it would be going west. Right. On 79. See, I go. No, I understand your question. No, I go on in first three. I go lead you first because it's my first private. Oh, go on. I'm 79. You got to have your head examined. That's horrendous. Oh, man. No, I don't mean that. I'm just talking about the driving man. There is so slow. By the way, this wheel. You see that post video by as hard. All I want to do is we would all of you. And that video is a killer. That is sensational. Well, let me say, this Tyler and the McJagger have nothing. Can't hold a camera to you and that poster. What? What up, Mal? Okay. All right. Thanks for the warning. 22.0 to Wild or in competition for the 90s. Let's tell you about shells right now. If we can't, today is 22. You may not know it. Today is the anniversary of the Marquis decides birth. So I suggest we bake a birthday cake in his honor. First, right open a couple of eggs and separate them. Search them right. Then beat those yolks. Yeah. Beat them good. Then whip those egg whites until they're fluffy and you're feeling good. Flamette together with two cups of flour and a pinch of nutmeg. Now take a sharp knife and slice up the cherries. Really chop them. Then let's cross some nuts. Grind them to a pulp and dump the whole thing in the batter and throw it in a blistery hot oven. Bake it until it burns up. That can be a few feet by getting jubilant. You're going to hold for it again. Yeah. Happy birthday, Mike. Thank you. Sometimes I feel myself. 1141 at Wild or D. You're fun station for the 90s. WF, you win. Let's go to a Palm Beach. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Fun radio. I ODW want it. Yeah. I love that. And that was pretty good. That was pretty good. Actually, I know I've been doing that big job in Buffalo. You might be hired sir. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now we're at all the Kielbassie he can handle. So the date was all I was. I'm going to get back on the wonderful, wonderful, little, wonderful, little of dreams. So what's going on? Well, we're having a great time. Del cost, it'll be here at noon, which ought to be pretty damn excited. Yeah, right. No, seriously. We got a lot of people out there in the movies. No, no, no. We got, we got, we got the girls. I got all those channels on my satellite that I watched movies on. So how with it? Right? No, we're passionate about movies. Get sit into a... Temple and room for the Soviet Army left over. Yeah, we're the top-screepe scene. God, is he there yet? No, he may not have got to show up. If he does show up he'll be late. I'd like to give him a piece of my... Wait a minute, sir. The juicy fruit spot is just coming on now at MTV. Oh, gee. Well, I see it in my day. I can't handle this, okay? No wonder they want to ban MTV and hell in the Amanda Pastemaker's law shortsurcer over there if they saw any of this. So what is this about Michael Jordan? Oh, gee, what is this? What's this about you and Michael Jordan? No, not Michael Jordan, sir. We stick with winners on this. Okay. I told you the pistons would kick their ass tonight. Yeah, well, yeah, nice to see you. We're done conclude. And like what was it like, almost 20 points in their last game? What did 90, uh, uh, uh... 19 points to the fallen. And it's gonna kick their ass. Nah, I get Portland, are you? Oh, really? The quiet. The quail blazers get on and they're up in front. They're a bogus ball club surre. Oh, okay. They're better on a team with uniforms like that. And speaking of that, did anybody see the College World Series getting this in the Citadel that grubby, grimy, greasy thing that was here, they beat Cal State Portland. No, no, yeah, I was watching parts of that game. What was the 12-in-is that thought? I think? Yeah, they went 11-12 in just today. 11-is, I think they want to eat this seven. It was they just nail biting horrendous poorly played game. And who won the LSU game? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. LSU was that like Skip Burmese guy? Was he a skim Burmese person here? Yeah, he was system coach for the Kings. Yes, sir, a wonderful guy and he could eat a good meal. Yeah, and it looks like he's eaten several since he lost all that weight. So, I want you to know, I will try to check that out. I've called you from Dave Broward and now Palm Beach County. Not today. No, I understand. I go for, uh... Oh, if you're a gremlin or two, here's a spot for it. Don't you think gremlin's one was enough? I liked it. This one was pretty funny. Well, I thought it was kind of cute. But cost was going to rip it up and, uh... Yeah, no. He's going to rip everything because the first of all it's in English, which he doesn't like the name. Secondly, he was not made in Vienna, Austria or somewhere like there. So he's going to rip the hell out of it. And they will not show it at the International Film Festival in, uh, in Can. Yeah, you wanted to do that? That's his slogan. It's in the Can. Asked asked cost for it about Ron. And that's why I think he spends most of his time writing his reviews in the Can. Right. Ask him about what? Ron, the movie Ron, would the Japanese direct a curator of silence? Oh, yeah. A curator of silence. So, I do mention that. That's his favorite. He loves to say that over and over. He does. Because he makes him sound like a real suit. But he gave that four stars and I stayed up in midnight watching on P.B.T because he said he's so good. Yeah. I think with a chair, I can't put a sour, uh, he just goes nuts over that. Two hours and 40 minutes meal. Yeah. And it was a second one that I said he wanted to. He loves this show though. He's obsessed with this show. You do understand it though. Through a curator itself. Yeah. Inconstra. He's obsessed with this show. I mean, like, he's so far beyond just nearly. I mean, he's like 20 stages beyond that. He can't help himself. Like the four tops. So you taught caution. I said, I was cooking a smile. So. See you. Okay. Okay. Good calls today, huh? No. 1145. What would you know about a good call? You wouldn't know a good call if it did you want to must. We have an opening in Palm Beach. 655. Covax. 655. Ernie Covax. That's some more of an explain. Looks like a Ernie Covax. Of course, he got killed. Let's go. Sit it out. Place LSU. So while I see, uh, lost. What a bad break. I can't believe that. Yeah, they weren't looking to get us a little bit of that. Then unfortunately, the cub game came on. And I watched some of that. Not too much. I didn't tape the game last night because I knew right from the beginning. They look flat and luscious and useless. You can just tell with them. They just like they're gone through the motions. And then I saw the, the last two innings of the Mexican. Maybe very. See, it's not important that you're seeing wins. It's important that the Mexican and he's losing. Okay. Just remember that slogan. Some people are listening. It's not important that your team wins. It's important that the Mexican and he's bite the bag. And a little torpey butter here also. What the hell is he going to do? What is he going to rely to fire under those guys? They're still going to David Tonehead. Man. Get cereal. Against the bogus team like the expose. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And you're. Wait. I'm just, you know, going back getting back to the floor. Think I've been getting back at us? Well, I mean, I have a listen to you guys. You're like about a month. For what? You know, I've been, I got a new job here. And, you know, he's been really busy. He's the first time to, I'm just making up. Take care. You're a snooker to pee, can I? Yeah. What do you like?