I was right to hear it. That we've been through that a million times. They stole it from us. So, okay, they see we stole it from them. Houston, by the way, kicked some aside at the track last night, kicked the crap on this. Steelers. Okay. I couldn't find it on the satellite yesterday, either other than because we don't have the KU band. So, you know, we were lost. Yeah. How about that restaurant that shooting that they were showing a tape? Did you hear about that? No. Yeah, a restaurant in North Miami said that they're not watching the game. They're watching a tape from last year. Yeah, right. Just happened to be a similar game. Yeah, really. Even though we lost the two games of the cool last year. Yeah. Anyway, happy New Year. And I want to call my buddy Bill Adush bag and wish everybody happy New Year. Okay. All right, Neil. Say yeah. Have a great one. 1027, a WIOD. All the lines are working now, which we got straightened out on Thursday or Friday. We're very excited about that. Man, got only knows what we can do. 111,815. We thank everybody who's helped out in Camelos, Sossia folks have been unbelievable this year. Steven Lee's at Papadoparky did a great job last night driving Christmas list in spite of what some of the losers will say. Tremendous job. Cut some sizzling fractions held on. Kept that horse alive in the stretch and damn near one the whole thing. And David, in Graham, you're a douchebag. Vita's out with handy A, what a slime ball. And if Joe Pavia would have stayed on a rail with the two horse with you are Cupid, handy A would not have slept through. We've never got now. We would have won the race. So if you want to blame anybody, blame Joe Pavia. Up yours, Joe. Mobile in Miami Lakes. Yes sir. How you doing? Happy snooze here. Yes, I'm few guys. I've been listening to you for months and months and now my friend just came to me up to talk to you. How about that? I said hot shot mobile phone. Yeah right. So I get now I'm a hot shot and especially I get to talk to you like this is like incredible. Yeah, you can go home and write it in your diarrhea. Well, in my diarrhea, maybe I don't know. But at any rate, I just want to wish you a happy new year. And your buddy Sammy Smith tells me, it's wish you a happy new year. Okay. Send it back to a set of back to school. Okay. Okay buddy. See you. Send it back to work camp. 1028 at WIOD. We have an open line of day, 751 one in Palm Beach, of course, where their busy is celebrating early. Lot of luscious on Palm Beach, by the way. Not in West Palm Beach and Palm Beach. Get across the bridge. They're all bunch of drunks. And a star IOD is open of course for our Bellsoth mobility friends like our one we just had. WIOD, Georgia is just taking us time today. What's the relax? Hello. Hello, Janet. What is it? Janet? No, Janet. Dan O. I've myself gotten her on the drums. Who are you calling? I'm sorry. Who are you calling? Dan O. DNA. Bill Dana. My name is Jose Jimenez. That's good. That's the first time we've gotten a wrong number on year and a long time. I like those. Anyway, Palm Beach is the only line on live at this point. I want to get back to this music. I'm not going to mention the name of the movie because I don't want to get anybody upset. Oh, yeah. That's from the opera. That's got to be. It can't is it possible because there's only like a couple of vocals on here. It isn't possible that they've left off on the soundtrack where he's singing the song and Elma and the patinos thinking about Apologna. That's the main vocal thing in the whole other than the operas in it. We already played this, Timmy. Yeah, we already played it and concluded that it wasn't in the movie. I'm sure it wasn't unless I'm losing my mind. I never heard it. How about if we give some stars to the soundtrack so far I haven't found any. Horrible. Boy, is this depressing? I think this might be from Goodfell as this music. It's your right from the movie that I saw. Do you remember any of this music? You're just shaking his head. No, I don't either. I guarantee you that. How about this? Boy, save your money folks. Oh, here we go. One and a two. Is that our... Okay, we'll keep that in the back a little bit. Mobile and Palm Beach on the Broward line. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy New Year. Oh, sorry, I didn't know I went so inward. Pretty crooked hand. Yeah. It was pretty good. Whatever you say. No, and finally his sister hand side back. Pretty tender moments with a nice face of a giant dip. Yeah. So it's worth seeing. Okay, pal. Alright. Good luck to you. Get a pair of glasses. Okay. Get cereal. Fix that guy up with the... Mary Corley-Hongman. Sophia. We have an open line in Broward. Five, two, four. W-Y-O-D. Music just to give me a sick of my stomach. They just... This just don't make it. I'm afraid the soundtrack terrible. Wait a minute. Wait in the back, and then... Wait in the background. Oh, wait a minute. This explains it. Original music composed to range the conducted by Carmine Coppola. Oh, that explains it. More than an epitom. I'll ask the... I will say this. He plays as good as she looks. Here's a t-shirt Bob on the line. How are you doing, Bob? Fine, happy New Year, Nate. I'm the same to you and many thanks for your great help. My pleasure. Listen to the night on the Yes Satellite. Saturday night. Do you get that entertainment channel? It's E. On the Yes Satellite. E. It's E. It's called E. It's all 24 hours of energy. Like entertainment. Oh, yeah. Okay. They had on an hour. You can't refuse. And it was fantastic. All kinds of interviews with on the set. And with all the stars. I won't mention the name of the world. Oh, don't do that. We don't want to get people upset. No, but if they play it again, which I'm sure they play those things usually a hundred times, it's fantastic. Great in-depth interviews about this and possibly a four and four kinds of things. Huh. It is really, really interesting. I thought about you when I was... Well, I was very upset reading those stupid, sit-in-electual reviews in a paper yesterday. The year end stuff and they give their top ten lists. And we got number nine or ten or something. It's good fellows. I'm sorry. Like I said, it was a very good movie. But it is... It's not even in the same league with any of the three-guard fathers. So I don't know what their holotsawla pie. Don't let them get on these again. You know, top ten lists tell them. Listen to me. Somebody already got under the skin of their kid and good fellows. I'll tell you that. Who? Man, he got more zits in about five seconds. No, not Tommy. That was it. Whatever his name would Jimmy. Yeah, the tech key guy. Yeah. Listen, no. Not him. He got it off of that. What? We're talking about the zits that this guy had. Get where they're. Wake up. He's still looking at flowers. Take a picture. I got out on that gear book. Neil, did you see Sammy Smith on the sidelines of the FSU Penn State game? No. I didn't watch the game. He was running up and down the sidelines to jump on top of Bowden. It was embarrassing. But he did run pretty good. I think he ran for Hunter Yard that night. Yeah. He's not in the game. He's written on a sideline. Yeah. But I have to laugh at these people. They made him play or the game. They give him the game baller. And he's talking. Did you hear him on our sports this morning when I'm driving in? I just. I caught him after the show in the line. Larry is about. Oh, you know, anybody says he's not a good player. He doesn't know what they're talking about. And he. He stinks. He's pathetic. You know, I was watching the Atlanta. Dallas game the other day. And boy, I'll tell you that. Mike Rose here did. And you know, if you're going to try to tell me, Atlanta's got a great offensive line. And that's why he runs like that. There's no way they stink. The Falcons are pathetic. Everybody knows that. And that guy was incredibly as today. Mike Rose here. I mean, almost every team in the league has got a tremendous break away. Powerful runner who just almost unstoppable. Like Christian Akwei, by the way, for a Kansas city that we're going to have to stop on Saturday. Tremendous runner. Yeah. And Sammy, you know, he has a couple of good games against some really crap defenses. It's crappy teams. And right away, that's supposed to make up for all of us. I don't want to sound like I'm wine. Because we had a great year. But he stinks. But by the way, in the hero today, they have the greatest. Well, it's time to often waste the silver on a verse 13. Oh, Sammy must be on that. He doesn't fall in there. Oh, that's a rise. Yeah. My remarks, Tony Nates and a Jim Kick make it in running back. Uh-huh. And you get Zonka nodding him and boo rush it full back. Yeah. But we still have never in the history of the franchise. They have never had a really great running back. And I was on his in a hall of fame and all of that. But he was, say, you know, the way he used to run three yards in a cloud It does encourage people on his back. But he wasn't a classic full back type runner like a Jim Brown or a Walter Peyton or a Gail Sears or a very Sanders. Any of these people. You know, he was just a bull. What's the same? Walter Peyton. No Walter Peyton's another one. Tony, we listen. We should have been here and uh, begin next year. Okay, Bob. Thanks a lot. We were a Kelly. We could go on for forever. Anyway, it's 1036 at W.I.D. We have one open line of date. One in Broward, one on the star line. We're fumbling our way along. It's going to be a pretty regroup some day. We don't care. We're ready for. We can handle anything. We can handle this music. We're all ready for. We can handle this music. We can handle this music. I'll tell you, Carmen, you are brutal. Anyway, let's do a little uh, just a little piece of business here. We'll be right back. Sister John C is We, everyone. Tonight on the movie of the week, Justin other day in Smalltown America. Oh, mate. I've got fresh cherry pie. I left it to cool on the window, Ash. Bam. It happened. It's gone. Ah. Something snapped in the old girls' brain. What kind of scum would do this? No. She's killer B. The high variant, B. Why, go, ma'am. Is that a cherry stain on your cover all? No, just lay low trains, may she implage. She's a cold blooded killer. In sensible shoes. She's killer B. Now, boys, I've got to ask you one question. Did you cut my pie into six pieces? Or only five. Hi! How's that? Oh, baby. Oh, yes, again. Oh, matter that'll haunt. Even matter beneath the hammer. Now, I pay. We got to place around it. That's right. Now I got my phone in two. Now you come out of there with your hands up here. And then you're not here, I come. Beware, dark killer B. He just made very few. Duffy's killer B. Right after Charles Manson in charge, tonight on the movie of the week. I heard she made a canola. I could be wrong. 1041 at W.I.O.D. Miami Beach. Yes. Yes, sir. Yes, I'd like to clarify something. If you would probably please, sir. I know that the dolphin sent the home court to manage. It gets a guess that he writes. The home field advantage, yeah? Okay. Now, if we went that game, there's no way that we can have the home. I'll feel it now. The second game, sir. Right. No way, right. No, because the Buffalo... Buffalo? Just said somebody told me that they... No, no chance Buffalo and the Raiders have got the home field advantage for the second game. Because if you were buying that place around. Right, they had a better one. One and a lot to add equal word on track, but they would have to be a kid. Well, thank you very much. You bet. Anyway, all I know that isn't correct is that that's not... How come Fat Rich had two... Now I'm confused, because he had tickets for two games. Then... Then... Then... That now confused. I'm totally lost. Well, I see. So, in other words, like if we wind up playing anybody other than Buffalo or the Raiders... in a conference championship came in... If he conference championship came, that would be the game that he's got the other ticket for. Right, that would be the other home game, because we'd have the better record. Am I right? Who knows? Anyway, let's take a one at a time. We have an open line in date, 751, one at Broward 524. Let's go to Jupiter. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Hey, on that song on that... Soundtrack that you have a movie. Don't want to give the name to. Yeah. I was, I just got back from Pittsburgh. And I was driving through North Carolina and got a newspaper. And he were talking that... From the movie that Francis Tort had shown to the previous and stuff. Yeah. They really bombed his daughter. So he went and reedited. And cut out all the parts where he was mainly just her. So her part was smaller than his initially intended. Thank God for that. Yeah, really. Really. But so that could be where that song came from. And also that song... What do I don't understand? What does the song got to do with her part? Oh, he just did the part with the background to one of her scenes. Oh, I see. No, I'm looking for the song where... Oh, where they're bored of her. His song pulled out the guitar. Great. Exactly. He was singing it parts in a whole movie. And he's singing in Italian. Yeah. The godfather theme. And he's sticking back to Appalonia and his earlier days in Sicily. And when he was hiding, you know, that's one of the highlights in the movie. It is not on the soundtrack. So far the soundtrack I give no stars. I mean, it's really a piece of crap. That's a good movie. I mean, I like when they had the opera and they were playing out the scenes of the Opera and they were doing all there. Listen, I'm inspired of all these critics and all these experts and all these amazing and he's pseudo intellectuals. I know a good movie when I see one. In fact, there was another list of the worst movies yesterday and they had my blue heaven in there. Now I'm going to touch, did you see it? Yeah. Yeah. When you started talking about it. Did you thought it was bad? I thought it was pretty good. I thought it was outstanding. It was too long. I'll grant you the last half hour drag. And it said idiotic. Well, and who name a movie that Steve Martin was ever in that isn't idiotic. But it was funny. I thought it was great. And she listed in the Sunset and all one of the ten worst movies of the year yesterday. These people they ought to be shot. They had to line them all up and shoot them. I let people go out and make their own choices and said, listening to all these experts. I don't worry about the day. I mean, in this town, what they think funny is Dave Barry is fun. As I was on yesterday morning, what a way to wake up on a Sunday morning. Michael Putney has got Carl Hyes and was a great writer but a boring guest. And Dave Barry, who the only thing he ever said the funny in his life was, where is Larry King's check. I mean, the guy is not funny. He's pathetic. This is also a kind of thing Sammy Smith is a great guy. Very right, exactly. Exactly. Well, just read Dave Joseph's column of the Sunset list morning about the offense at the game. That should tell you everything you need to know about this town. Have a great new year. Hey, you too. See. Like that school teacher. That's another reason I didn't go yesterday. So all I need to do is see that school teacher. See, it's one thing to be enthusiastic. But being enthusiastic at the right time, not just bouncing. And another thing, you know, the wave went out with high button shoes. Okay. The only place they still do the wave isn't Atlanta. And the only reason they do it there is because the braves are so bad that it leads to give them something to do and ignore the game. Okay. All of a sudden Miami found the wave. Forget it. And even when the play starts again, they're still doing the wave and aromas are all up in front of your face. You're trying to see the play. I mean, grow up already. Whatever they said about the fans at the dolphin games is absolutely right, man. There's a few thousands of who know football or where they're to enjoy the game and get excited at the right moments and root for the team and arrest them man. They don't know what the hell are these stories. They're just there in La La Land. I'll never understand what. And especially when it costs that much money to go there and just wander around. The kids are running back and forth and the parents are slipping back and forth and back to the concession stand. Not at half time or not at times when it would be appropriate. But like you can be the most exciting part of the game. And they're getting up and running in front of you or up and down the aisle and off to who knows where I don't understand people at all. It's like a social gathering place instead of going because you're into the sport, into the team and you want to see a great game or not as a case may be. The weather sure is nice, isn't it? What a day today. Hans going to be 83 84 maybe even higher? Paradise. We need neutron bombs in this town. Get rid of the people leave the buildings and leave the palm trees and the weather and the gators and all the other crap, not the gators. That was a wrong choice of words. 1047 a WIOD and how to take that Joe paterno you slime ball. I'm so sick of Joe paterno. Man am I sick of him. Thank God they got beat and they got a bunch of scissor uniforms anyway Penn State. Don't think they're pathetic. They look like a high school team. Even Piper high could beat them. Wobble and poor Lodderdale. How you doing? Good. How are you? I'm doing great. I got a pretty much a breakdown of the playoffs if you want me to tell you how my Amic can have two homes. Okay. The only way it can happen, which is possible, is for you to make it to the AFC Championship against Miami. Right. Because we have a better record. Well because there are wild cards team. Even though there are wild cards team too. Right. With a better record. But we also have a much better record than the bangles. But there are division winners. So even if the bangles make it. But the only way it happens is if you used some beats Cincinnati, Miami beats Kansas City, what happens is Miami goes to Buffalo and you can use them to go to Los Angeles. So the only way it's going to happen is if Miami will have to go to Buffalo and beat Buffalo, which is not going to happen. Pretty remote. How do you know that? Well, who knows? I'd love to see it happen. Who knows, man. You never know what's going to happen. Did you see that I realized yesterday's game was made with. You see their performance against the redskins. And who is this kid they brought in this 10 year old kid is quarterback? Oh man. I thought it was our Gilbert. Yeah. It's with a helmet on. He looked the same. Yeah. The face mask. I've tried to want to build Cody for Houston last night played a hell of a game. You know, that was ridiculous. And the guy was like the superstar. I couldn't believe it. He was. And I'll tell you who else played a game. Good game was this kid for Ressende. What is his name? Oh, freeze. Freeze. Yeah. So you've got a lot of freezes used to play for the pirates freeze. Who the hell is he? And all of a sudden he comes in or down. You're one of the game. Give them a battle. Royal yesterday. I was really rooting against the Raiders. I wasn't. It would have brought the Raiders here. Well, who the hell wants that? Huh? Who the hell wants that? Yeah. But I'd rather play a team that's got a quarterback who's got pins in his hand. Who can't even. Did you see that game where they kicked a crap out of the bears on Saturday? Did you see his hand going off the ball? And every time it end off the ball or running back with smack the ball. It was hand as he was taking away and he'd be standing just holding his hand and screaming and pain. It was incredible. You know, man. I was at my phone's house and I was watching the game with my mother and she was like, couldn't watch. And when they showed the picture of his hand on TV, with the pins coming out the side. Yeah. I looked like it looked like Edward Cisher here. And it was it. It was gross. I thought I was going to puke. Yeah. But they had a rough time because he gets slicing the ball out. They had to keep bringing a new one in. Really? Yeah. I was a boy speaking, I'm bringing a new one in Mike Tomzack. You talk about guys who have lost it. Mike Tomzack is the Steve Blanso football. He just totally has lost it. He's absolutely inept. And then once in a while when he would hit the receiver, they would just drop it. Like in this stain is if to say, Hey, you're so bad. We're going to show you. I mean, if it just like hold it in. Drop it. Look at him like screw you Mike. Yeah, but Steve Blanso was a decent picture. Tomzack was never a decent quarterback. I did disagree with you when what's his name when old the guy used to make man used to get injured all the time. He came in a few times for it. In fact, once he's need play pretty well. Yeah, well, he was the underdog. But when he came in as the starter for get it. Yeah, he was hopeless. But anyway, have a happy new year, Neil. And you going to be on tomorrow? No, sir. We got the cotton ball tomorrow. Sir, we got 800 hours of cotton ball. Well, that's right. Does that start around midnight tonight to cover? Starts night at midnight. And midnight tomorrow. Great. 24 hour. We'll be at the ball tomorrow. I can be sure that. Have a great new year. See, a lot of people will be at the ball tomorrow. Because that's what New Year's Eve is ladies and gentlemen. And we got a blue moon and a full moon. How do you like that? As if we need to let extra help to get everybody drunk out of their minds? I think that anybody who drives drunk on New Year's Eve ought to be sent to Rayford immediately. No trial. No questions asked. Put him in a chair. Okay. 1051 a WIOD and will be right back. Incredible story about a restaurant. I won't mention the name of the restaurant. Our illustrious Kenny Tobin, KT from the sales department, Does it to me again? Terrestrikes again on Saturday. Since me on, I'm not going to say, What kind of a restaurant or where it was, although I'm really tempted. Says me out to a place. The agency guy is going to be there. No problem. It's supposed to be great. They got a menu. I'm going to tell you. Like six items on each side. Whoever saw club sandwich on a hogey roll first of all. Okay, which I didn't get my friend got a club sandwich. I got stuff that I wouldn't feed my dogs. The guy from the agency doesn't show up. Marty, whoever the head you are, Marty or a piece of crap. Okay. Doesn't even show up. And naturally, and look, I don't look for freebies. Okay. I could eat for free every day if I wanted to. I don't do that. I'm not like some of the other people in town. Not to mention one of particular. Right Steve. But it was just amazing. She brings a check. $20 lunch that I wouldn't feed to jewelry Reynolds. I mean, to anybody. Just the worst mung I've ever had in my life. The agency guy doesn't show up and KT is out of town. Getting drunk in the world and there's somewhere. Just unbelievable. So perfect for our sales department. It was just like the epitome of everything that goes on at Wild. Anyway, I started to play the Adolf and think that I stopped it. I know I'm never seen. Right. And 12 and 4 nobody would have ever believed it at the beginning of the season. If we said my I'm going to be 12 and 4 this year, they would have given you an immediate saliva. Let's get hot just at the right time. All right. Let's do it Saturday 4 p.m. The Kansas City Chiefs. Steve DeBurg with his Edward Cisir hand finger. Christian Acoy. And who's that other running back? The guy that was on drugs that they did the big piece on yesterday. I can never think of his name. No, the number 23. I can't think of his name. Well, how many times do you watch the chiefs during here? You know, although did they do the bears man? You people who are bears fans. I'd bear it right now. You are pathetic. God are they bad. Just totally inept. Ben Hampton was his last game yesterday. It's older field. He looked more like Lionel Hampton. Hey, phone in North Dade. Yeah, I'll earn the deal. Yes sir. First time call her. I'll run for you. I'll get you on the radio right and right. Don't think. Thanks. Thanks. The traffic variable went into this update. Yeah. I went by Joe Robbie Stadium. Almost as many cars in the parking lot as there are some games. Great. And the long lines and that looks great. Excellent. When it doubts, sell it out. Okay. That's great. And I'll run you. And keep it up. Who the hell is that? Have a great new year sir. Huh? Have a great new year. I enjoyed the old dog. Thank you. Okay. Who's that Bob Gordon out there? Who is that? I can't see through the schmutz on the window. What is he doing in here? Oh, he got fired at FTO. It's 11 away to WIOD. Haven't seen him in so long. I don't recognize him. Henry's out there. They're going to do wine and commiserate out there. What the hell is going on? What is it? Oh, it is. I can't believe it. Boy, look at that. What are you doing? You come over here to do mornings now? What were your things hanging up? Oh, he's going to be the new boarder. Bob Gordon. Now that was your son. By the way, Bob Gordon's got one of the finest sons in America. He looks great. He's put some big impression in dresses great. He's a jackass, but he's a good kid. He's okay. Well, he had a little running that. Remember? W snooze? He don't know. He's too busy playing the Frank for some not-to-records. No more. Yeah, right. Well, listen. Give it three months. He'll be back. No problem. Give it two or three months. No sweat. Okay. Because boy, I've heard what they're doing. And that norm can't. He's going to be dying in the morning. You know what I mean? Like that. Anyway, let's see. Tomorrow's the big day. Oh, the battle of the talk coast tomorrow. That's pretty damn original. Yeah, they're going to be doing that all day with each other. I've seen that staff there, hearing. Anyway, it's 1109. I could tell you lots of stories about that staff, but I'll sit them for later day. Coconut Creek. Good luck to you, Bob. You'll need it. Okay. Have a happy. Hello. Are you there? Coconut Creek is gone. I've been we lost another one at Winnmore. I want to tell you something. These chocolate. I've never had these. You know why? Because Rick Riley always steals these. Or suds or both of them. Everybody. Yeah, you. Everybody rips these off first. These are the best. And they have the lowest amount of sodium of any of these. They have no cholesterol. Only four grams of fat. 70 milligrams of sodium. And these are great. These spices, wheat snacks for weight control. That's center. Forget about weight control. Let's just have 20 bags. These are great. So these are the only things that's going to be allowed in here. January and February. No food, Mr. Fat Slob in there. Oh, we're talking to George. Mitch Lewis of course. One of America's great sick minds. That's cute. That's really sweet. I tell you one thing. If you were working at FTO, you wouldn't be walking around wearing it down there. You'd be a big trouble. It's 10 past 11. By the way, if that call that we just dumped that man really need serious help. He really does. And he did do that too, by the way. Very, very sick. Sir, I'm going to tell you something. What a horse drops on the track when it lifts its tail up in the air. Take a look in the mirror and see if there's any if it reminds you of anything. Miami Beach. Well, that was really sick. Yeah. These are Happy New Year. He even called there and cranked him too while you know. Are you serious? Yeah. Well, let me build couldn't take any calls because he was too ill. But his wife took the call. Yeah, cranked somebody in the hospital while they're dying. Learn that, Paul. Yeah. I want to recommend the movie to you. I know you don't want to go to the Edward Jesus and no chance. No way. I'll watch the dark. That's not the one I want to recommend. There's another Johnny to that movie that came out at the beginning of the year. Now we're talking. Oh, no, oh, no. I know what it's going to be. No, no. Not cry babies. That's it. Oh, forget it. Did you see it? I saw like 10 minutes of it on TV. No way Jose. That is the silliest. The dumbest piece of crap. That's true. But did you get to the part where they pulled his pants off? Well, I better watch it. Uh-huh. No, I'm not interested in having Johnny pull his pants down. I think people are looking better with a little clothes on. Not a lot. I think they'll get a jockey short. Oh, yeah. Like I said, once it on again. I don't know. It comes through towards the end of the movie. But it's really good. It's a horrible movie. It's just pathetic. Well, it was worth the price of the mission to see that anyway. Worth the price of emission. Also, the movie that we can't talk about. Oh, yeah. I'd father three. Yeah. You know, she's so bad that she was almost distracting. You know, she almost threw. Smushing me. With the sun in the rain. Or it's lovely from his warm. And there's Connie just melting like butter. Look at her. The godmother. I'd say, wanting, I'll Martina was still singing as good as he used to. Yeah, he was singing her. No, he's not. There's a part in the movie. We're seeing where she and Andy Garcia are in it. Kitching with doing something with Joe or making noodles or something. Do you remember that one? Yeah. Yeah. What the hell were they making? What was that that they were making? I don't know what it looked real. Charles. Boy, they look like shells to me. It looked like Play Do. But you could almost read his mind. You know, thinking, I really got a kid with me. Yeah. I mean, she's a mess. So he asked for an extra million just to when they put her in a movie. He had to give Andy an extra million. He's going to be a major movie star though. Yes, sir. He is outstanding. Okay. Well, I'm out of material. Okay. But you have to hear. And same to you. 1113. At W.I.D. Boy, these chocolate spices are fantastic. Hmm. And they're expanding your stomach. And it blows up. And you look just like Larry can't on a bad day. Oh, I think I've already reached that point. We have an open line in date. 7.5.1. And by the way, are you women who have been goofing off during the holidays? We really had a dear of ladies during the Christmas season. And we kind of, you know, give them like a little excuse, a little pink slip. Some of them were wearing those. Some of the guys, in fact, the last call I could have been wearing. But seriously, now there's no more excuses. Well, I'm making a big, they're fixing all the punch. And all the stuff. I don't give me that stuff. Okay. And we have an open line in Palm Beach. 655-946-3655Wild. Now, back to CatJepardy. And your host, Felix Trubet. All right. We move on now to DoubleJepardy Boots. You at the low score at the end of the last round. Choose a category, please. Geography for 200. The answer is, chasing mice or a place where Jewish people go on vacation. Yes, mitten me. Correct. What is a cat skill? Very good. You now have control of the bowl. Yeah. There's a hygiene for 400. It happens after a tongue bath. Boots. No. Whiskers. Form of a question, please. Correct. What is coughing up a through bowl? Oh, and that means where out of time we'll return in a moment with final cat jeopardy. When our category will be, Chinese food. I don't have to do this. Speaking of Chinese food, I wasn't going to say that. It's 1115. That's why I'd say that. You'd say that. The first thing that came to mind is there is no way. And the sad part of it is when I walked in there, we go in a restaurant and there's a guy who recognized me immediately. One of the 6 people who was in their eating or waiting to eat or just lost wandering around and make it look good. And he recognized me, he said, hey, how are you doing? He said, you're going to love this place. I ate here last week. I came back again to the food is great. So I thought, hey, that's fabulous. It was from hunger. Do you know what it's like to go out to a place where you didn't want to go in the first place? You'll horrendous meal that you needed like you needed hemorrhoids and then have to pay for it. I don't mind paying for a meal if I wanted and it's good. And between Kenny Tobin and his guy from the advertising agency, I give that place three months tops. That particular place, I'm not, you don't know what I'm talking about. Obviously, I hope it's been a hundred different restaurants in the last five years. And this play three months tops. I mean, how is it that people go into big, huge, expensive buildings? Pay for it in some money and think that they're a restaurant people. I don't understand it. That's one of the reasons that the restaurant turnover is so great. Not just the tough business, but every jackass in a world wants to have a restaurant. Just ain't that easy folks? Man, it was, who? Tamarack. Yeah, Neo. Did you get a chance to see good fellows this weekend? Well, this is ancient news. I saw them both Thursday. Oh, well, you know, talk about this all day on Friday. Someone's after work for 11 days. So what'd you think is good, fellas? Very good. Okay, the other side. Not close to the Godfather, any of the three, but very good. Okay, the other question I had. You'd mentioned that you'd seen the Sun Sentinel on Sunday. I was wondering what you thought about maybe giving that you quantifying the college national championship at the point system. Someone had wrote in a letter giving a victory. So let me say this to you. We need a college national champion and football. Like we need bleeding ulcers. Okay, who cares? College football. It's a game. It's supposed to be for fun. Who the hell cares? Well, the only way you could ever read what? Well, same dank of it, sure, kid. Or I guess you don't care anymore, but. Yeah. Yeah, not really. It doesn't care because now he's going to be a big shot. He's going to really turn that team around. Isn't it good luck to him, he'll need it. How good the Patriots on. Yeah, right. All they can do at least to get a good shave. Yeah, not the right. Hey, maybe he'll guys start dating Lisa Olson or something. There you go. All right. So you have a good new year. And the same to you, sir. All right. College football. Just it's a, it's, yeah. What am I going to say? Okay, it's fun. That's what it's supposed to be. Just go out there and watch Notre Dame get the crap beat out of them all on. As far as Lou Holtz and that whole bunch of Michigan from Notre Dame. Man, I hope you don't go home dragging your tail between your legs or anything else when you leave after tomorrow after Colorado kicks the crap. Because we got a little surprise for you. Colorado's getting five downs on every series tomorrow just to make sure. But like I said, it's only a game. Who would get excited about it? Mobile and for Lauderdale. Hi, Neil. How you doing? First I'm calling. Great. What they were doing, Andy and the little girl there. It was potato and yokey and his delicious potato and yokey. Yeah, you should try. I have had those, but they looked awful small. Well, that's the way they do it. Some people just press the town with the fingers. Some others just running through the door. Some people just press it down with their finger. That's right. Yeah, that's the best. To lean these delicious. You got a chance. Give it a try. Okay. All right. Have a great holiday, sir. Happy new year. Thank you. 11 19 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line a day at 751. Then who stole a canole, 751. W.I.O.D. I think Rick and Sudge if they're going to go along with this thing. I think they should make the same declaration this afternoon. No food in here. Other than the spices, snacks of course. In January or February. Okay. Poor Wayne and Jeff, what are they going to do? They'll have to cooler heels for a couple of months and let us get back to human. I mean, I've blown up like a blimp, gigantic enormous matter of fact. I bet you if I just took a little pin and stuck it in my side. Why? Right now. Why do you just got a stick with it? You can't slack off. Mobile on a star line. Got Neil. How you doing? I'm well, you saw. I want to let you know that there's a change in the development out there in the Middle East. It's starting to send combat infantry women over there. Right around the 15th to the month when their PMF hits their Nasty and Health West they retain water. Yeah. It's a good look for the really good things around the 15th. Okay. Good luck to you, Pawn. You'll need it. All you feminist out there don't get excited. Okay, just relax just a radio show. Twenty after 11 at WID. We didn't do a break at this hour. Did we? Well, I think we might get around to doing one now or not as a case may be. How about our team? I was here for two weeks. That's what I've always said. In my own interview. Oh, I love to. There's Johnny Fontaine from Godfather 3, WID. How is it? What is it? Bob Wimbab. Hold on, sir, and get a new phone while you're at it. While he's working on it and the phone too will take a little break. 21 past 11 at good old WID. D. I am a big surprise. We believe your children's toys should prepare them for the real world. Hello. And now the new big surprise cellular toy phone ready for your little one or modern telecommunication. It's a girl with Cheerios for breakfast tomorrow. Uh-huh. And the station wagon is fine for the day here thing. Say nineish. What? Hang on. Let me go get my crayon. Yes, our cellular toy phone gets your child ready to play in the business world. Hey, y'all. I love. I'm using you. I'm on a kitchen table. The fixer price cellular toy phone will bring you and your family closer together for memorable warm moments. Cheer, Daddy. What? 547 minutes of bedtime. You're gonna break me. But please, don't say. Putting me on food. I can't believe my toy cellular phone from fixer price. Where we make play seem like work. I should be a good segue into this bad cellular phone. Hello. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? How about him? Well, give me a score prediction this way. We can't football from cold and cold. I know one's ever seen. How far? Final score dolphins 23 Kansas City 17. Well, that was yesterday's score two, wasn't it? Yeah. Well, we could get used to that. Listen to this, let's really see what kind of dolphins we have on the first playoff game in Robby Stadium. They could have filled that blockbuster ball twice down here. I know it. We'll see what traffic on the turnpike Friday night. It looked like the end of the world. Like they were dropping nuclear weapons and everybody was trying to evacuate. It looked like it was done to Joe Robby. Another part of the country, didn't it? Right. So let's see what these fans are like. We're finally they're getting a playoff. I've seen section 142. I'm going to bird dive view of the whole stadium on the other side. And it's a shame to see that many empty seats. You bet. It's depressing. I mean, what does they want them to do? Be 13 and 3 and they'll come out? 15 and 1. Exactly. Well, we'll find out this weekend while we're... Okay. I'd have a good holiday. You too. Now, what are what the situation's going to be up in our skybox? Do you have any idea? Of course, you don't care George. Because you have about a much interesting football as I do in soccer. Anyway, we got a little mail here. I see some more mail to end to our total. If you join this late Friday, we went over the hundred thousand dollar market. Our driver, Camille, sounds. Oh, I know what I wanted to say. Oh, boy. I could really get started, but it's new year's Eve Day. What is this? Herb titleman in coconut creek from the big corporation. There's a big box. I wonder if this is pens. Or it's either pens or canole. If it's pens, wouldn't that be great? Boy, pens are just everywhere you go. And offices, radio stations in my house, no matter how many pens I go out and buy. They just disappear. I think the dogs are reading them. Or somebody. Anybody would come on a year and say that the homeless are bumps. And just use that as a blanket statement for his refusal to have any interest or don't I? I mean, I don't know. Not everybody is interested in the same charities. I understand that not everybody supports the same causes. And then to talk about stepping over the bodies during the commercial break at 55 when I left here on Friday. And I punched over to you know who. And somebody with the same guy who was trouble making called here making trouble was calling over there. And in fact, that's basically what they're going to have is all the old yentas back and forth or where that place. And start up this thing about why Steve didn't give any money to Camille, Charleston, the challenge of this night and how I said he was trying to exploit it. And on the one hand, he said, oh well, he made the challenge and he would have given the thousand and a cent. And then on the other hand, he said, not a charity cares about he cares about kids and if it was kid. In other words, there are no homeless children. And about how many lives in New York used to step over to homeless in the drug addicts and bumps and winos. Anybody would just make that kind of a statement as such a jackass. It's pathetic. I mean, unless you don't read anything other than the national inquirer. Anybody knows that we have just thousands and thousands of homeless mothers with little children, teenagers, all kinds of kids, which I guess is his interest. But the thing that I'm curious about talk about hypocrisy, if you're not interested in the charity to begin with, why would you make a challenge to give a thousand dollars? That's what I don't understand. Unless you were doing it for ego, oh, excuse me. 28 past 11, let me get this box open. Okay, why would we take our next call? See, there might be something good in it. Or maybe just might do that. Okay, boy, you talk about a package. Gonna take somebody a lot, put your an eye, I'm going to open this up. Like you, Lane. Let's go to candle lake. Neil, good morning. How are you? Happy New Year. And the same. The name of the runny back is Barry Ward. Barry Ward. That's right. The berries the word. They had a thing on him on the ESPN about his background. He beat drugs and was it. Yeah, I saw that. That's a good show by the way. He is being the new to one hour. Definitely. Definitely. It's real good. But I just want to think it's great what you do for Camilla's house. And I know you do it for whatever reason that you have inside. I just want to wish you happy New Year and you're a lot of fun. Sandy, you're a thanks a lot. That's it. Okay, I've got the side of the box open. Let's give it a little yank. Oh. And the box too. Man, well, let me put this down. Hey. Oh. Yeah. Look at that. Oh, these are, uh, these aren't big pins. These are all my god. You're going to go crazy when you see this. You're going to go nuts. Herb tea. Thank you so much. In coconut creek. It is a box of chickens of big lighters. Which we are always desperate for around here with all our cigar smoking. Man, this is phenomenal. And I was wrong. And also in the bottom is a whole bunch of big pins also. So that he take care of us or what? And these are good ones too. These are markers. These aren't just those little cheap. There you go. Mr. Hauser. There you go. And here's a lighter for you too. One at a time. I'm dulling these out. Peace meal. Here's something for your friend too, by the way. Maybe you can pop them. 1130 at Wild. Let me put the razor blade away because the little later on. I could stuck it into my dears. Oh, look at that. We got to know. We got two razor blades this year. Man, we're really moving up in a world. North Miami Beach. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Um, jav and ice Christmas, and everything. Wonderful, terrific. Well, last week you said something about looking for a movie theater that's a nice theater. I have wondering if you've ever been to the California club. No. That's what I saw in California three last night. And that is one of the nicest theaters I've been in. Yeah. George agreed. George gives it the thumbs up. He said it's great. Yeah, excellent. And you know, usually there's not very many, there's just a lot of big lines. Why is that? I'm most of the people who live in California club over the age of 300. Well, it's real clean and everything. It's real nice place. Great. I had some other stuff to say, not or remember. Anyway, I was just wondering if my wife's laughing at me. Tell your wife to put a lid on it, okay? He says it put a lid on it. All right. 1131 at Wildew. We have an open line of date, county 751 9463 751. W. IOD. Cross-brings. That's incredible, Neil at last. Who's he kind about as white? It's probably his boyfriend, probably Hank and the more he's talking, the he's Neil. That past score. Let me tell you, where's the time going? It was just last year that thinking Pharaoh brought in the New Year for Wildew. And he was talking about what it impact he was going to have. How long did he last after the New Year in the old back two months? Six minutes. Six minutes, that's it. And then you had Joey Reynolds and Randy Martin in the list. They didn't listen. Blizz goes on and on. Hopefully, 1991. We don't have to listen to that. Joey Reynolds at a Randy Martin's butt. I sure hope Hank does real great at night, but it would be wonderful. Like I said the other day, if he's ever on, that would help a lot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They went the same thing to him. They did the stand. They did the, they just they have taken from like eight o'clock till midnight on his radio station. And they just write it off. I don't know what the other thinking about. They give nobody a chance in there. And as much as I hope you and basketball, develops and gets some support. I mean, a number of people listening to those games. They could put in this studio and have lots of space left over. Believe me. I don't know what these people are thinking about. Right. I agree. You're 100% about that. I mean, how the hell is it got going to ever make an impact if he's never on? Right. What's this thousand dollar challenge you were talking about with Steve Cain? We don't have any challenge. Okay. Rick and Sads put up 500 bucks, which is one of the biggest donations for Criminal Sounds was very generous. And Mr. Vigo as usual has a big mouth and nothing to back it up. Right. Absolutely. That's a great holiday. 1133 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward 524. Let's go to Coral Springs again. I knew. I'll have to do your job. And the same to you. You know, I've been listening to your show on and off, but I haven't wanted to listen too much because I haven't seen Godfather 3 and I don't want to hear the whole 5. You haven't seen it yet. No. I have to be the only one left. What? Why the only one left? I think so. Well, that'll be great. I don't have a theater to myself. You can have a command performance. You mentioned that Almard Tino is going to be singing again. A roll. How beautiful. It's been made with this song. And the ring. I'm trying to sing you so bad that he has a song used Sing especially for Al Pacino and Al Walks out of the room when he starts seeing goes into the kitchen. What? Do they have another wedding? And has a gastric attack. No, they're having a big party because Michael Coralione is being honored by the community because he just has a $100 million to the Vatican. Just a little donation. 100 million. I think in that. Did you read the Fort Lary on Thursday? I thought it was the most stupid column I have ever read in my life. You're talking about the how it ties in with the history. Yeah, the back and storyline has really... And they try to make it sound like, oh, well, it's just that we all know it just make believe in the guy the people in the church. Say it's just a fiction of course. Who are they? How are they kidding? Exactly. You know, these people in the media are so terrified of the people in the media. That's a very, very, very important thing. So, I'm really looking forward to seeing it. I also read those movies that they now may for the top ten quite a poll. All the pseudo intellectuals get together and is that interesting that the ones that they like are not the ones that the public supports most of the time? Exactly. And I was going to say, the public just goes and they'll vote to the pick-a-box. And they're all the wall with these things. Right. And we're at the end of the day. I'm not going to. Ridiculous. It looks too thin. Obviously. But I noticed you don't have a lot of women calling it. No, not the last couple of weeks. They're all busy making excuses or something. Well, I'm hoping next weekend. Where did you go? Maybe once when they get there, where did their husbands and they get them all back to work or wherever they belong, maybe they'll have some time. You know, there's something to that. Yeah. This certainly is. But where did you go see it? The guy's father. The second time when I actually enjoyed it, the AMC eight, which is on the corner of Pine Island and stay road 84. It's a magnificent theater. Big, good sound. Big screen. Excellent. Honorary me. And the whole crowd was under the age of 100. It was great. Oh, that's a plus too because they can really start talking. Yeah. That's right. Why did he say? Or he said, or what's going to happen? Right. That's even better. Yeah. I've gotten so I don't even like to go to the movies anymore. I want to run it, but I don't want to run that one. No, you got to go see it on a big screen. Obviously. Well, listen, have a great new year. And you too. Thanks. 1136 at WIOD. Two open lines are both in Broward 5249463. 524 WIOD. Jupiter. Neil, I'd like to wish you happy new year. And the same to you, sir. And it was a pleasure to come down and make my contribution to the Camille House. To know that somebody who needs shelter or food for whatever reason it will be there for them. While we appreciate it. All right. And by the way, every but it's all coming out of my pay. I've been told my bus just told me that 230 mile round trips coming out of my pocket. Well, listen, easy coming, easy go. I guess so more like easy go. There you go. Bye. 1137 23 till noon. What opening and Broward 524 at a course wanted beautiful Palm Beach County where they're all busy drinking up early. Okay? Just swilling it down. Swilling it? There haven't a swill time is what I'm trying to say. At 655, 655 WIOD. No, it is true that most of the people over in Palm Beach are drunks. But like rich drunks. So that makes it okay. See if you're a poor drunk, then you're a whino. But if you're a rich drunk, then you're a connoisseur. You're a raccontour, a bond-ve bond. You're still drunk. Right, Henry? Excuse me. Let's go to Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Did there have got to be anybody with over 500 records to hear? Yeah, they beat the Eagles, sir. They beat the Bills. There's two for starters. Yeah. I didn't think so. Yeah. Well, what's your story? You sound like you got to sour out it to the begin with what's your problem? Right, is where we're in a recession. And we've done almost 102,000. I can't believe it. That's in two months. That's two weeks before the deadline. I can't believe it. That's what it did. That's what it did over the time. No question about it. Because if anybody can cry, he can sure do it. Anyway, Hank Goldberg, he'll be on the tomorrow night. We'll be having a hangout at the track on Friday, which we'll have to give directions you'll get to find the winner circle. Anyway, they'll lovely the talented Elaine Etter. I always say lovely and talented because it covers up for a lot of other nasty things we've said about our most of which are true. She's got the new news. We've got Rick and Spuds at Tooth the Sanctanone Sports Talk at 605, some Dolphin celebration of course. A lot of cotton bull talk who the hell knows what's going to be going on. As we prepare for the Cotton Bull Amarrow and the Dolphin rate of cheap game, did I say Raiders? Dolphin Cheese Game 4 clock at the JRS on Saturday afternoon. And then we got the big game for the Saints any way Ramson Saints not a clock tonight.