Not be as bad as everyone's there. Okay, Rackamara, okay. Okay, good ball. You break. All right, there we go. This is for real. Here we go. Oh, good one. Nice hand. Thanks. This is awesome. Introducing League Guys Cotton Hawkers for men. Oh, well. You got to give a hork a lunger in the car. You got the windows. Oh, yeah. You got to blow back your day. I'd rather brother he could go one for miles. Incredible. Just kind of. I would break it. You think you can hit that beer can? But that one? Yeah. Sure. No, no, that's too wet. No, that's fine. Why? Why? Why? Oh, yeah. Oh, man. Let me try the tricelli. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. You guys got the hawkers. When you're not wearing hawkers. Oh, yeah. Way to hang a lunger. You're just wearing that. Wait, no, you got to art your back. Okay. Okay. Wait. Give me some milk. Give me some. But when I was in the studio, You make it all black and the shop. When I was in the studio, But you rather don't read your life. All right. Well, the kiss. This 1007Wildy. Whoa. Sorry. Yeah. The meals right. I've got. You know you only got a one. Five. Show me we still say that you. All right. You know you only got a one. Five. Show me we still say that you. All right. You got that? Sure. But sure it's cold. That's below. Bye bye. You're here. You go. You go. Bye bye. You got a hood spob. Baby, I'll tell you. And a big nose. And a little longer than. I don't know if most of you understand the reason I'm rehashing this and I probably will for the next six months. I've never seen anybody do this as blatantly. Now maybe I live in a sheltered world. And I have plenty of friends in mind who are in the business who had long periods when they've been out of work, not to mention any names. And none of them has ever come to me and said, I mean even close has said, I want you to go to management and get so-and-so can to get me in there. Get me that job. Nobody is ever, I mean it's just the grossest, the crisis, the blindness, the smartiest and I'm beginning to realize that these calls that come in on Saturday, these two or three calls that seem to come in every week that sound the same from the same kids. It's a setup. It's a put on. It's a hoax. Always the same. Joe, we help come radio so boring. How come working so just so boring? How come you're not there in doing afternoons every week, the same voice, the same crap. I mean who the hell are you kidding? How is it possible that anybody could be that low, could stoop like beneath the barnacles on the bottom of the Titanic and come to you and say, we want desperate. Nobody in the world, nobody will touch me with a ten foot banana, okay? And I gotta have a job, okay? And desperate, you gotta come and help me get these guys fired so I can have a job. So I can do a one in the afternoon, a point five, a point one, a point zero. And I got news for you, okay? I mean, because I've like these guys wrote from the beginning, I am going to promote them so heavily that they're going to get a 90's here, okay? Rick and Suds. Rick and Suds, okay? Spuds, Puts, whatever the hell is the name is. Rick and Suds are God and God, Junior, even on their bad days, on their worst days, they are a 500 on a scale of one compared to somebody whose name we don't want to mention. The wheels right, I thought exactly. And they are so good, they're on every day, Monday through Friday, two to six. Yesterday they had an incredible, a phenomenal little of you with Frank Sappa was intellectual, it was interesting, was stimulating and it balanced out, but low, boatloaded on to you or whatever that is. They're, I'm telling you. And they're going to be at the abolking tonight to come on out and see them, they'll probably sign your thing too. And in fact, that's what we ought to do. Let's have not only a show of support for the miracle and for our audience and just have a great time, but for Rick and Suds, okay? Because they really got, they got really job by this bogus book and by this, you know, the date County ethnic thing that dominated the book because nobody in Broward returned to die. I mean, it was, it was grim, it was pathetic. So there's another reason. Another excuse that you can give to come on out tonight and do something constructive or once in your pathetic, meaningless little life. And look at this, the first call, the mobile at chronic and I don't want to dignify and by giving them too much recognition. He doesn't even like the show and he listens to, he wouldn't miss it if his life depended on it. Like this collar and palm beach. He'll, yeah, I'm white. I'm an American. I'm 40 years old. Their book is full of crap. But you're finished. Don't you understand? You're out of business. No, I understand it. But what, you know, I don't want to talk about the book the rest of the, I just, I just asked that information along so that people know it, there were not just whining over here, but that now that all of the, you know, the evidence is coming out, we're getting to see the details of the research. It's obvious it's a pile of crap. The other thing is to try and test the electric chair. Take that Saturday. Get somebody else in there. Meals, right, y'all, y'all. Yeah. And Joey up. He would look, he would look cute with that little sponge on it and say, now, with a big shnazard would like balance out of the room. Well, they tested them three times already. That's why they're going through this. Yeah. If that were, there's no sense. There's no feeling. Oh, well, well, load. Can you, can you believe that any Smith? Not, no, not anything. No, not any Smith. He's a good kid. And go, Bert, he really makes me mad. But Hank does nothing about baseball. Okay, he don't know. He thinks that Bruce Sutter is going to be on the Supreme Court. That's what he knows about baseball. He does. He does. He does. Look at this guy. Shaved off his beard. He looks pretty young now. He realized that a Bobby, but nearly in Barry, Bonnie, you're, you know, Bobby, what Bobby, but nearly in E. But nearly in E. You don't even ought to pronounce the name. See, that's why I gave up being a pirate fan in the first place. I couldn't be, I don't know those names. I don't know it out there name. Yeah, he's a pirate fan. He can't even pronounce their names. And how about that Jose Lind? If they were in New York, you know, he's a little brother to Paul here. Did you know that? What's that? I said, the Jose Lind is a full brother to Paul Lind. Jose Lind? Yeah, a little brother to him. He just ugly. That's why he don't make the all start. You know, see, he gets a lot of walks because he squats up there at the plate. He's about two feet tall. He's a good hitter though. He couldn't hit his weight. He just wanted to say, I don't want to go. Listen, I hope you guys do great. I don't want to go into it. You know, right. You got to be proud of the people. You're playing over here. You're playing over here. I'm going to tell you the, and I know the sounds bogus, but I'm going to tell you something. Next year, the Chicago Cubs are going to be so tough. You have any concept of what's going to happen? I mean, Bosky is going to be a 20 game winner. Harky is going to be a 20 game winner. Maddox has got a fact again. He's going to win 20. He's going to be a 20. He's going to be a 20. He's going to be a 20. What the hell are you going to do? We're going to score 10 runs a game and give up. How can you lose? Yeah, they're going to be tough. The pirates are going to be tough too. And the mess without their old strawberry, what the hell are they got? Man, this kid that's catching last night who stepped on the plate for the 4th Phantom 4th play that didn't exist. Yeah. And didn't tag their runner that score. They got some people playing on that team that should. And Jeffries a second who couldn't feel the ball that he hit his hat. I mean, this kid is embarrassing. They're a really overrated team. I hate to say that, but they are. The mess. Can I say the mess sucks? Yeah. Well, makes me feel better when I say that. I hate to bring up their all at Boston and Keith Miller and his kid playing short stuff that they got from a 7-11 store in the Bronx. And I'm telling you, they got like about 2 or 3 replay. They got Hojo and McRennel's on it. And that's it. Magnet is a piece of crap. He's, you know, once he plays more than 20 games, he starts choking. That's it. We'll see back about 260. Now he's up there in the, uh, flating numbers. Him and the Mackie Sasser. You know how good Mackie Sasser and that been very lines are when they bring in a kid who's 10 years old from Wichita and he's catching now. Good luck to you, sir. Yeah, it's have a good day, Neil. You'll need it. Talk it later. Now there'll be our private to be okay. 1036 at WOD tons of stuff on the facts by the way. All the way didn't see the, um, Palm Beach numbers coming, but that's okay. So we don't talk about that anymore. What is this? Now we can't say that on the year. This is Sarnoff of Sex. Here's a real rip job on Alex Bennett. Or at least I think it is. I just came over, but it, uh, Alex Bennett's blank pounding productions are revolutionizing TV. Oh, this must be an old thing. What is this from? What, what the hell is it? Sometimes I feel, oh, look at the words in this. The singing blank sucker from Missouri was interviewed by Al Goldstein. This is, uh, old stuff. Psychotic Alex Bennett stuff. Okay. We have an open line in date and one of Broward. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing and we do have a star IOD number, a line called something. Hello. Hurricane after life trivia. Yes, sir. What is Danny Smith do now? Works in Windick's. Yeah, I saw the other day man. He banged those. No, it was a matter of fact I was shopping at the public a couple of years ago in plantation and there was Danny Smith. Oh, well, you know, I don't mean he wasn't working there. He was vying stuff. He's a state trooper now. Danny Smith is a state trooper. I can't believe it. He's a good kid. Yeah, yes. He was a good guy until he got put that uniform on. Well, I guess he's into uniforms. You know. He has a fine picture. Those were good days boys. Yeah. 82 when we won the college world series for the first time. That was a great. That was just heaven. There are fun team to watch even when they don't kill all the way. Look at Nellie Santavania and all these guys that were on the team that made it. That made it to the major leagues. I can't believe it. If you really think the box is going to hang in there, Neil. Yeah, I don't see. I mean by default, who else is going to win? The met team held bed on losing it again. And the Philly Shirakka, the winners of the Philly is our another. And Montreal's a fandom team playing way over their head. And we're too far behinders. No way. And the cardinals are definitely going to be in last place. I was just sick when the fuck played the met and the back to back weekend. Yeah. Lost like seven. Well, but a right back in the race. I know. I know. Well, listen. It's no fun. I mean, we were right out of the last few games last year. It's no fun. I mean, like the red, it's not even interesting. That division anymore. Yeah. They might as well just call it off and avoid any more injury. Hey, so if the copies come back to earth here and don't hang it or you're going to switch your allegiance to them. No sir. I am not. I go switch allegiance. I pledge allegiance to the. The cup of the America under one flag and they're cetera. Hey, I don't. I don't want to tell you. I want to tell everybody something. And I've been a baseball fan since I was a little kid. There is nothing in the world like being a club span. I don't know how to describe it. I do not know how to put it into words. But there's just something about it there. There's an ambiance. There's a thing. There is hope springs eternal. I mean, we could be 400 games behind with three left to go. And we're still having a good time. There's a, it's hard to put your finger on it. But there's nothing like being a Chicago club span. God, it's good to hear there. I'm serious. Still a romantic out there. Yeah. That's right. And I'm watching. I mean, so they suck this year. But I watched just a funny game. Since you're at I did last year, which is almost all of them. Yeah. And I sit there and I'm not biting my fingernails as much because there's a lot of things. And I'm enjoying it. I agree. I agree. You're about to come to part. I would not like you if they were tied going to the last game of the season. I would not pitch Dale, a Neil Heaton and I came if we would even loan you ducked a Cenzot, a pitch to go. Was not even a pitcher. Had a better shot than heaton. Okay. Hey, you got something going on tonight with the miracle. You got to be kidding me. After all the pumping and promoting I've done and you still on a year, we're going to be doing our thing there tonight. Six o'clock. Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? What's stadium? It's a thing municipal stadium in Pompano, which is in 1799 northeast, eighth street in Pompano. Good. Do they plant? They're playing the soury soda white sock. 705 is a game. I'm going to be there. Gilbert, Rick and Puts, autographs, pictures. All kinds of stuff. What a miss it for the world. Okay. See you tonight. Bye. Okay. That must have been Dave Justy, who just called the former pirate great relief picture. Twenty before 11 at WIOD. By the way, I know that baseball is one of Chuck Myers' great loves in life. As a result, he's so emotional with this pirate's in first place this late in the season. He may be interspersing names of old pirates, like in the middle of news cast from now on, so don't don't hold it against them. Send a lot of pressure. In fact, he was doing the 930 news with Henry this morning. I walked by the news booth. He had a little sign in there that vinegar bend myself for the U.S. Supreme Court. He's upset that Bruce Suter is going to get it. And of course, everybody's saying, well, we don't know who this Suter guy. I don't want to get political, but you know he's going to be another fascist or right wing Nazi pig. You know that. And he's going to put on this big front in the beginning. He's not going to be a pig like Bork. I mean, Bork was such a disgusting, solin' luck to old pig. That nobody could buy his crap. Okay. But this guy's going to weasel. He looks like a weasel, doesn't he? And he's going to sneak his way through there. No problem. Get confirmed. Somebody gets in there. It will turn out to be like Heinrich Kimler and drag. You just know that. Miami. Deal. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Yes through day about 550 and afternoon. This is the John Moynihan show. Guess who calls. Good. How many guesses do we meet? I just told you, Gilbert. He hung up on him. He ain't good. You know, he didn't get a word. Well, I'm going to have a little chat with Gilbert tonight because WIOD doesn't need to have our groupies and groupies calling the enemy. I understand. I was very surprised. Yeah. It'll never happen again. Gilbert goes. John, how you doing? Seems he heard of what you go. Gilbert see a letter and he hung up on. Great. While that ought to give another tent of a point over there, they're doing it. Okay. Hey, Gilbert Stance has a good shirt. Big enough so you can button this top button. Okay. Bye. See ya. But he has to wear loose clothing because the Sally does these. These are things on the setting. It's nervous. We have an open line in day 751 double. Tuesday night. Wendy's food is dirty hairy in Polish. You do bother 44 magnum ski. Gloski hitski. Clean, loski. Wednesday. Catherine Hepburn stars in the Academy Award winning on Golden Palm. In Japanese. Don't know how to get don't know, man. You aren't. Poca-sau. Thursday night. Drill to the original Star Wars. In Canadian. Blue. Feel the horror. You can't see the house around. Join the dark side of the field. And Friday. It's one of the most beloved American musicals ever. West Side Story. In Navajo. Mario. I just met a girl in Mario. Sun and later. And we'll have a theater team. So, who did? For classic week. Starting Monday right here. On Dog Theater. And Steve. Crazy. Oh, see? And who knows that the Metro Great Team. But they're also taking stock. By the way, we just had this special call from Daryl Strabber. You want to hear what he said? Is it the Sir? Yep. Neal's right. I stuck. Go ahead. I'm sorry. To Metro Great Team. I would rather right now. I would rather have the first base for the Metz. You got to take Sandberg. Shortstop. You got to give the coin. Wait a minute. You'd rather have magnet in the Mark Grace. Yes. Oh, I win. What? Wait a minute. What the other guy say? I won't. Well, what's Mark Great's hitting these things? Well, right now. But he's a 300 here. He's going to hit 300. Magnet is going to hit 220. Okay. Magnet? Who's the better next wing? Okay. Magnet. Okay. The next way. Bugs. All right. Magnet. He's never going to hit the long ball. The Magnet is just going to hit the long ball. Great. Not running either. But he's a. Okay. Grace is like 10 times the field. Are we going to reach the 300 there? But you guys keep Magnet. Okay. Second base. Second base. Sandberg. With that. Of course. Shortstop. Good things. Oh, come on. Come on. I thought we were going to have it in tele-conversation. Dunston sitting 286 with 13 hard ones. He was on a all start team. How many RBIs is he have? About 45. So does that. What else do they do? What else do they do? All the drives and clutch RBIs. Okay. If they have it. And you got to give that to me. I'll say else is drives. How many of these are not planned? I think you've got something pulled right now. Yeah, pull this. Okay. That's very healthy. We gave you a third base. So pull. I don't want. I don't want. I don't want to say it. Try to be nice to you. Okay. Give me a left field. McDonald's. Even though you know you'd rather have a kid than Mitchell there right now. Nice. Tread guys. Okay. Center field. Center field. Center field. Center field. Center field. Center field. Center field. Oh, these met spanned. Now, you know you want to let me do extra back don't you? No. No, no. God. The man's leading the nation. He's hitting 353 and a one mark carry on. Okay. One good. Okay. And you'd rather have Dural Strawberry the Andre Doll. No. No. No. But let's talk about the best trade to met 7. Okay. And what about catching? Mackie Sasser. No. Oh, would Joe Girardi or Damon Berryhill or Hector Villanova? He'll take any of our kids. He needed a metalloc on his own a catcher. What is this man talking about Joe Girardi hitting 303. He's one like three games in the last week's single hand in the show. I don't have another one. Oh, man. Oh, man. How can you have a discussion like this with people who know nothing about baseball. Mackie Sasser sitting over 302. Yeah, but how long is that going to last? Mackie Sasser is a hot dog. How long is my grandma? How long is your audio going to last? Joe Girardi is going to be a hell of a ball player. Okay. But Mackie Sasser has been kicking around being a douchebag for a couple of years. He's a slime ball. Go ahead. The main team of Mackie Sasser is the only thing to do for a special day. How about that great bullpen? Okay. Tell me that the Franco is that I mean, they even kicked him out of Spain, Franco. And while you got you traded away, Aguilari, you traded away Randy Myers, you traded away a Roger McDonald who got the savings into your last night. Why did you admit it? Your trades are the worst in the history of baseball. Well, what happened is Joe McElventus took over running baseball operations from Frank Ashens, who's that thought it happened to the two betrayed started happy? And destroyed your ball club has made it a shell of its former style. But what I was trying to say before the better trade domestic ever made was a fabulous trade since the distance and adding for Tom Sever. Well, that's ancient history. You can't live off time. I know there's big mouth forever. But that's what I'm talking about. I think Terry Cousby's going to have a good year and the Matlack ought to be pretty good. Well, that's what I need about a lot of the trade that brought Howard Johnson from Detroit or Bobo Header from Boston. Exactly. Well, look, that that's ancient history. Those are a long time ago. And Bobo Header might as well go out to the past year. Oh, he's history. That was my intention also on those. Oh, he is history. Darling's basically history. You know they're going to trade him. Am I right? We need someone that can give those starters an extra day's rest. That's what he's there for. But the best thing to message was to get rid of Anna's now that's not a need to get rid of his opinion. Alejandro Pena, a disaster. He's the one Samwell of 1990. Okay. What do you guys sound so depressed about your own year? Game and a half behind. Oh, that's what you're going to win. Well, all right. I don't agree, but at least I mean, only a game and a half behind me. It's not like you just lost the seventh game of the world series on a past ball. It's the way the metal is losing. And it's the way that even house continues to go with to a picture. But doesn't that tell you something? Yeah. Like last year. Let me tell you something. When you know what you're like last year, the cups would win games that they shouldn't have won. Everything went right. Everything happened right. This year we've blown nine or ten games that we had won. That we're in the bag. We've blown a and when you start losing like that, you know it's not your year. I'm just trying to brace you guys for a bad default. One thing I think Pirate Fans should keep in mind is that the myths have already played all their games against the reds and the pirates still have eight games left against the reds. And the reds are like, reds are going to lay down now. Okay, because the reds basically don't like to match anyway. That's going to be the turning point right through those 16 games or key games that are going to decide who wins that. And if Randy Myers comes in and is pitching to Bobby Benea in the bottom of the ninth inning crucial situation knowing that that game could knock the myths right out of first place. He'll like to rely on pop right over the middle of play, Baneel headed to to Managehila River. That sounds like wishful. Thank you. Well, we'll see. Once it's time for us hits and all the pirates pitches start dying. Hey, he's already dying. The in the last month the Pirate Fitching set the ERA has increased by over a run and a half full of his per game. You give it another month and it's going to be it's going to be ridiculous. And the myth fishing is getting better except for those great moves that the manages making with the relievers but the myth getting better the starters every game. Okay, just remember one thing gentlemen, Mike Balecki rules. See you later. Hey, the cops stock. Good luck. Double for me. Okay. Well, there we had it. That was quite an experience here on Sports Talk Junior. We had two meds friends both rationalizing and they both sound really down in the dumps. Okay, they talked a good game but they sounded quite frankly not all other excited. It's 1115 in WIOD. Star IOD line is open and here we have a collect call from Pensacola. The meds suck. Okay. I'm up here with all the yahu's were standing down there. Even up in the panhandle they know the meds suck. How do you like that? And word travels very slow up there by pony Express. What is it? I'm a brave fan. You're a brave fan. Well, you're really doing it. I'm a brave son too. One thing about the brave is they may not be good but at least there's consistency there and there's something to be said for that. Right. I'm like you. I'm a fan. I don't care if they lose every game. Right. Well, you got a shot at it. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. What are you doing up there? I'm on the way back to Miami. Looky logo. What are you doing? Hang in out at Yahoo City up there? Yahoo City man. I got off here and said I said, what got the guy got just here and he'll throw. There's nothing like it up there. What a place. I'm a fan. Are you talking about Yahoo? Yeah. It's great though. It's like North Florida. It's great. And then what they call Alabama Southern Alabama North Florida in the same with Georgia. It's like an extension. Well, listen, have a safe trip home. I'm okay. No problem. Good luck to you. You'll need it. Okay. 11 16. We have a Palm Beach line open 655 met 655 WOD. A David Johnson called in a second ago. Meals right. I suck. While that's why they got rid of you. And of course said that little tour buddy here also man. He's going to turn it all around. What a little. He's like a step on him. He's like Dennenbury. Buddy here else. And then he like a little. Yink. Anyway, it's 11 16 at WOD. We're having a hell of a day. We got our big ball game star. IOD. We can officially tell you now is a free call. Hello. Hey. How do you like that? On the first one. You're the first one to be a fair one. Not the first free call. But the first one to be officially notified and say free call. We finally got it straightened out. And we had to find it out ourselves because our people in programming don't know their grass from their elbow. On the official first mobile call. As they say in the lawn manicuring business, they don't know their grass from their elbow. They got bare tonight over. They got one. They have beer. Yeah. At the game. Of course. All right. In fact, we get drunk. If you find after our leave, yeah. If I find a copy, Denny's catering does a catering there and it says. Denny's is great. Denny's is great. And if you let me find it here, it says somewhere. If you're by a beer tonight, you get free tokens to use a Denny's. He's in West. All right. So you can get bomb the night and then a future night. You're a dance on ahead. The other day it stopped in America. Sticken pizza. He's right there by the ballpark. Fantastic. Yeah. And you can go over there and get a bunch of stuff tonight. All the way. This is police week. I want to encourage all of you to get to know the man in blue in your neighborhood. Is your friend and he's there to protect you. So if you need your help and ask you to do something, listen to what he says. It better or he just might be the living crap out of you. You wouldn't want to eat his gun. Would you? You little punk. Okay. Have a nice day. Okay. 1126. Thailand travel tips or whatever that crap was. What is this? Sometimes united citizens for human rights September 4th. We have very strong Jewish democratic condos support. Well, of course, that's about the gay rights thing on about September 4th and Brewer County. And he wants me to talk about this, I guess, which I shouldn't do because that would be like the Kiss of Death. Sometimes. Yeah, you better register to vote, Broward County, because arbitrans leaving you out and pretty soon everybody will be leaving you out. True story is so much better. Don't answer the phone. I want you to, I want your undivided attention to this story. Because this is vintage WIOD. Now, keep in mind if you've been listening since any early part of the program today to first two hours. I walk out of the studio when the new news came on. I go around stairs to visit the porcelain bus. I'm on my way at the head of the stairs and boy Gary is at the copying machine. He says to me, you're not going to believe this. The star I O.D. line is working now. I said, I know that we've had a Julian calls on already days and no, he said, I know it's been working. But now we're paying for it. That's what I'm talking about. We already know that. And he gave me a blank look that you could only get from the ghost of Bob Ellson. Okay, I mean, it was just in credible. Guess what folks? The star I O.D. line is working. If you have bell-soft mobility and we pay for it. Okay? I just got that flash. Oh, man. Now you're not still there, are you? I'm still here. Where the hell do we have to go? We can't keep this thing running up here. They're going to get hysterical. Well, the men said, can I call that man a douchebag? Yes, sir. Clean your oversized, slippery boat lug in Neil. Yeah. The men do sub. Get on a road pal. Thank you. Bye. And there's a star I O.D. line. Guess what? Oh, they hung up on the mobile. I can't believe it. I bet it's getting carried away. W.Y. Listen to that. Do you hear that? Now they're really going crazy because now they can crank that line into a wall costum, I think. Anyway, let's go to North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Marty here. Yeah. I just wanted to let you go. Marty, go in. You got it. You can't say that anymore. Well, I know. Say it very slowly. I might be saying it up at Pomponaut tonight. Might be coming in the visit to you. Great. And I trust that Gilbert will be doing the seventh inning tonight. Yes, sir. Okay. With bells on. With bells on his toes and rings on his nose. You know what's really a shame, though, is the fact that I O.D. is like two players away from being a contending station. Well, we're going to get Curtis Wilkerson and Daryl Strabbery. If they can get rid of Joey and that guy, Russell Taceless. Neil's right. I suck. Yeah. Russell Taceless. I heard it. Okay. You know him. I don't. You see, it doesn't take much to get me started on them again. So I'm still thinking into me how badly I was almost hand. You see what I'm saying? In other words, they think that I'm such a Schmendrick that they can just suck me under false pretence into this little dinner, which sucked by the way, the food was horrendous. Well, that's because they can give me in there and blow in my ear and give me a big song to dance and I'm going to go and become a vulture in a barracuda and try to nail other people's job to get this poor misfit a job again on this station. Well, they said, it's because he's a canyver and you know that the very long time. D worst and he sits there with that pathetic puppy dog hurt. Look, I hope that man never darkens this door again. Well, I'm here because I'll kick his ass out here. I don't want everyone to see him again. Neil, speaking of looks. He's been back to Buffalo, where he belonged. Listen, speaking of looks, to be bringing his facial spackling kid along. Yes, he sure did. Unbelievable. All right, neighbor, enclosing. I just want to let you know that boy Gary is a vibrating butt plug. Sally says hi. All right, thank God. Yeah, boy, boy. Twelve-old-eyed and W.I.D. Marvin just slipped out. So I guess, W.I.O.D. Hello? Yes. Evan? It's not just like Evan. No, it was a potential cranking when he heard my voice. He disappeared rapidly. W.I.O.D. Hello? Yes. In the middle of the night, you lie to me and rule. Okay. Nice hearing, yeah. We have an open line in Dave County. Maybe Marvin would like to come back and keep his job. Where did he go? What the hell is going on? W.I.O.D. Yes. You're going to be appearing in specs. Yes? What is that? August 8th. Wednesday. Okay. All right. Like two weeks from tomorrow. Yeah. And which specs is this going to be in? No one. Carl Springs University and whatever it is. Okay. I guess I can call him up before that word is. Which one is he going to be there? And the two. I'm going to be regular hours. Exactly. Okay. Great. Okay. 10 after noon. Add your stiff station. W.I.O.D. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Yeah. Last guy is a nose. You know. From a heli-turgrim. That's correct. Russell, you should go back to Channel 51 and do his damn weight night show. That's what I think. That's correct. I'll be the first one to watch it later. Okay. Put my little target on the screen and throw your dart set. Throw something at it. What a cannabin. And you see, there's a real conflict of interest here. I said this to Johnny Darkfield and he looked at me like I was nuts, but it's true. This is a man who owns another radio station in this market, or at least a piece of it. How much will never know for sure. And how much is Alan Potamkin's money. But allegedly he owned the wave, the breeze, which they swapped radio, rip a hunno's. But he owns another station in this market. And he is over here interfering in the operation of this radio station totally on ethical. Okay. Absolutely on ethical and unacceptable. And if the people here had any balls and didn't need his 40 cents sponsor, whatever it is that he said, we would say, hey, audio, get lost and quit interfering. We got enough problems already without you sticking your ugly nose over here telling us how much money you got and trying to, you know, interfere with the radio and it's absolutely true. And I think it's outrageous and unacceptable. And I want all of America to know that I am pissed as Helen that I hope that something ugly falls out of the sky and hits him right in the face, but it looks like somebody beat me to it. Right, Joey? Meals right. I suck. Man, what a conniving, desperate, barracuda, what a, and as far as Rick and suds go, man, they are the best people who were ever born, okay? I hope they get a 90's here. What? What's wrong with that? Okay, here goes Mr. Happiness. Why have you been so nice? I guess you must be in the boy Gary School. You're not listening either because he wants their job. Okay? So just like that, you know, you're not listening to me. Because he wants their job. Okay? So just out of spite, I mean, I hope they do well to begin with, but now I hope they do extra well. Just so Mr. Bignose goes back to Buffalo on a greyhound bus, okay? With Russell Wase is between his knees. Twelve minutes after noon at WIWD. Let's take a little break while I cool off. Okay, 1217 at WIWD. Let's go to a pay phone on the turnpike. All right, Neil, how you doing? Okay. All right, right to point something out to you about your remote tonight. For some people that are going to be getting off at the pump and olex at the turnpike? Yeah. They've got one 12 collector there now, and it's been this way since about 8 o'clock this morning. Oh, great. Yeah. For the turnpike is a nightmare now. You bet. So I'd recommend to anyone if they are going to be the turnpike to take the sample exit. And even that's going to be somewhat backed up as you know. So what, why did they just come up 95 is much easier? Yeah, that's true. I'm saying, you know, first, someone say North Miami, that figured that would be the easiest way to get up there. Oh, still 95. Yeah, you know it. Okay, welcome. Working forward to seeing you and reconcere tonight. Thank you. Take care. Thanks. Bye bye. 1217 at WIWD. We have a couple of open lines. One in day, one in Broward. Don't forget tonight's a big night. We want 40,000 people there at the Miracle Stadium, the Miracle and the Sarasota. Sarasota, Sarisota White Sox. Boy, that's going to bring back memories. I did a couple of Sarasota ball games when I worked over there in 1973. We did a couple of Sarasota who do they play. Now we didn't do them. We did a couple of high school baseball games. How do you like that? Because they were like in the state championships. But that's in the distant past. And we don't want to dwell on that. Do we? Do we? Let me say again. We don't want to dwell on that. Do we? We don't want to dwell on that. We don't want to dwell on that. Okay, here's that mobile line. I guess what the mobile line is working out. Star IOD in their pan-forth. That's a newsflage I just heard from our crack programming department. Hello. Hello. Carl Springs. We're paying for this call. And it's pretty upset about it too. Yeah. Yeah, I'm real happy to somebody else's pan for this besides me. Well, a lot of people are sick of pan-forth. Now I got a question for you. A couple of years ago used to be a pirate friend. What happened to that? Oh, she's had went through that whole story. Not a couple of years ago. A few years ago. For like 28 years, I was a pirate friend. Isn't that enough? No, no, no, when they're winning. No, I don't change back and forth like a rubber ball. Okay, I'm a cup fan and a puttman. And that's it. That's where I'm at. Okay, so you just kind of dumped the pirates and went for the cup. Three years ago when the cubs were still losing. I want to emphasize that over and over again. So I don't keep getting accused of becoming a cup fan last year because they had a good year. That's got nothing to do with it. Yeah, we wouldn't think that. They're going to lucky break. Yeah, I guess. Well, a lot of people do. Yeah. Because a lot of people just are always looking for the weight. We're chinkin' your armor if I can say that. True, now. Now listen, why do you call those things cart? Cartridge. Cartridge is off. Well, well, now that we're playing pan-for-these calls, now they're called with like 20 questions. Anything else we can tell you, sir? Why did chicken cross the road? Because it was sick and tired of hearing the joy Reynolds show. To prove to the armadillo that it could be done. Yes. Have a nice day. Have a good one. Goodbye. Bye. 12-19 in WIOD. Like I said, from now on when you call on the star IOD line across just three grand a minute. That's the new information we just got from a boy Gary's twin, evil twin, a cost six grand a minute. If you call us on the star IOD line and have nothing to say. Dear field. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm at board at work so I decided to call you. Well, I'm actually two of them. Because I'm the record right now. The photo lab is dead as ever. Neil. Why is that? What do everybody's out of town? They're all about case. They're having their pictures developed elsewhere. We just, we just opened up about three weeks ago and thereby still don't know where he are yet. We're going to where are you? Oh, so in other words, I'm going to start plugging records now. The record's just taken more years off my life. I mean, I am telling you. Every, every transaction I don't want to go into a whole thing about it. Why is every transaction such a major it's semistanier. The woman is bringing back the pre-olus and she's doing it on her credit card that expired six months ago. And I don't have to call Washington DC and the FBI. And I got like three little items there for a dollar and a half and I'm standing every time. Well, I just got bored and I just say, well, What checkered is this? This is a new one over here in Dear Phil Peach on Hillsborough Boulevard. Oh, right. We did that. We had a big brand opening. Right next to pubics. Yeah, right shopping and a recourse. And what's better about it, right from cemetery village comes over here in Agrovacus. Uh-huh. Oh, yes. So, y'all just stay away now. Well, they won't be doing any more pictures to the funeral. I think that's a lot of pictures. It'll be great. I think what's great, some of these guys come and make it pictures of their wives, Which is real naked pictures of their wives. Boy, that ought to be pretty interested. I mean, they bring those right through like a regular, Yeah, we just do them, you know, total lamb. Yeah, I can't believe that. But we don't do enough to doing something. Well, how do you know that it's their wives? So, well, oh, well, we don't. Well, we don't know for an hour. We're at the point is your slowdo. Don't you understand. You could be retired now, living on an island, if they're bringing over pictures, pictures, Hanky, Panky, that's not their wife. That's like, oh, God. I don't they have to fill out their name and all the info on that. Yeah, I do. Well, my God, while you got all the spare time and stood to calling me, use your ingenuity, go into the old bags there. Five of us, so to speak. Find out who's doing what to whom and get the name and phone number by the end of the day. You could be a millionaire. Hey, that's an idea. There. Especially up there with all those big bucks. And first, we're sitting there, do we have the kind to repop the balloon. You win stuff. I'm sitting there playing with the helium and stuff like that. So I have nothing to do. That's how bad I'm off right now, Neil. Why? See, I can prove it to like a helium. Pretty exciting. In fact, you could probably make a movie out of it all the soldha sunwise, something like that. And we can get it. Yeah, that's really good. OK, have a good time, honey. OK. Boy, boy. Bye, boy. Why? Incredible. I don't understand that. If you had like a whole bunch of pornographic pictures that you took, when you take them to records to be developed, I mean, is that what it's got on mighty? Because there are places like that. Aren't they still have places like that? We're like triple-spot-ice-by-lab, where they just pretend that they keep blinders on it. They don't look at what it is. And they send it back to you in the mail in a dark brown envelope. We have an open line in Broward, 524-spot, 524-Wild. You'll never guess more than that. Now, what are we going to do about this? Now, we have an epidemic. We have an epidemic of calls on a starline because we're paying for it. Hello? Hello, no. Don't you feel a little guilty? No, not at all. OK. Hey, who was in the phone? What is it? Who was the one in the phone? Melvin. Who is like, are you my buddy? They're not sending, yeah. I guess he's, well, I want you to be my buddy. Yeah, right. Hey, you want a good little game? Not Melvin. No, I don't watch WTBS because Ted Turner makes me sick of my stomach and Larry King makes me even sicker. So I want if you have never results in the basketball game last night. Well, wait a minute. Why, it's not in the paper? I have to pay where I just get a pay. Well, just hold your horses by us. Sir, one second. And let me look in the sun center. Because if it's happening, it's in the sun center. Tom Rookie even put my name into paper again today about some beautiful star, young lady from Helen Dale, who's becoming the next sex symbol. Is that right? Where do you get off of 95 at the Atlantic Boulevard? Atlantic. You're going up there at six. Six o'clock, go east to 18th Avenue and make a north and you go right to the stadium. All right. Will you be there for the whole game? Yes, sir. OK. Wait a minute. Let's see. Just a second. What the hell is it we want? The basketball, US played a... I'm a Puerto Rico, a Puerto R U S of fight in opener. The US beat Puerto Rico 100 to 94. Great. Great. All right, why I appreciate it, Neil. OK. Can I call a couple guys to do this back? Go right now. I'll call Rick Handy and leave it to any of the douchebag. I'm going to call my wife, Kia, douchebag. Good job. Thanks, Neil. Pictures are in the mail. All right, thanks. 1225 at WIOD, where we're just warming up for the old ball game tonight. We're going to have a mammoth crowd and don't forget right after they finish the show at six because they're great guys and also because I'm plugging them like crazy. Rick and Smut are going to drive like bats out of hell. They're going to zip up there in the ballpark. They're going to be there. They'll autograph your thing for you. And whatever else you want, it's going to be great.