you got all these people out of position you still don't have a catcher and it's a joke you got some guys who can hit the ball there's no question about that but baseball has got to be more than one dimensional and you got some great pitching too but again when they pitch a great game and you don't score any runs and the guys that throw it a ball all over the place and Jeffries has make it 80 years you can't win games that way so those holes have been caused by injuries but that's no it still have the best and they should win well me everybody's got injuries my god sucks with missed almost the entire season for the company one of our top two or three pictures but that's not an excuse I mean we suck this year okay and I admit it the pirates can definitely be repaid next week when they go to shade stadium okay and laying months for y'all next which has beat up on a unit of 12 times that is correct all the way to go around waiting to victory flat just well I don't I had to be honest with you I don't notice that we have like a flood of pirate fans calling in and getting carried away or being obnoxious which I think is it ever I think it's a metman if the met would have swept the three game series that just included I think we have like we probably need thirty extra phone line for all the met fans calling in clothing and being obnoxious and I'm not saying you're obnoxious but I mean a lot of them are and they're going nuts would you agree with me or not I would but that leads me to my legs my next point okay I would think that there's a lot more met fans listening to your show and there are pirate fans co-p fans and met haters put together which you know seems to me as little self-defeating as far as you know you're you're attitude on that team so I'm not gonna just pander I'm not gonna develop my attitude because it's like religion okay most of the people in this audience and not in any audience I've had over the years belong to some part of organized religion and I still think it's the greatest night mirror in the history of mankind because this is more grief and more hate more anything than any other cause in the history of the human race and I'm not I'm not gonna stop saying that just a pander because people don't want to hear that or they don't agree with it I don't hear I'm just giving my opinion what my thing I love listening to your show but I must admit there are times where I have no choice but listen to that crap on that because I just can't handle somebody you know putting down the met one it's done one it's done wait a minute wait a minute in other words you are so I mean look I am a cup of a you know how I feel about baseball I love baseball okay I even watched the cup game last night which tells you a lot but I'm gonna tell you something it's just a game I mean I love like just okay still have the pirates years ago but but it's just a game you have to somewhere along the line draw the line you can't you can't turn it off because you can't handle somebody says your team sucks or they don't like them it's a team it's a game it's fun it's business basically I think that maybe it might have something to do with the fact that the games are on 2 AM turn direct competition with WG like I really like I really talk up I wrote like I really talk up the Yankee broadcast right that's what I'm saying you know I hope you got a bunch of crap on it night they can't compete with the met broadcast on 2 AM hey listen it was up to me I'd much rather have the met games on IOD because obviously they're gonna get a much bigger audience whether I like them or not I'm not arguing with that but I'm not telling you by opinions of the met because we care the Yankee games what about is that guy to do with it well I just wish well can't you it's a little bit terrible for us no but can't you accept can't you accept the fact that there are people who don't like the met I mean is that does that make me a bad guy if it's a sport it's a pain you hate about everything most of it comes from their friends in the entry and you you're not not just like a lot of the others but the fact that you just you can't defend or you can you you don't yield at all it's like these if we don't suck up to the met because you're a lot of New York people out there a lot of met fans then I'm doing the wrong thing I don't like the met okay I just don't like them I mean you're a sports fan you know that there are certain players can you name you a player in baseball at you hate right Bobby that font guy okay very Bob all right see now that took you like two seconds all right thanks the nature of sports it's but that you keep it in perspective like I hated Pete Rose I hate a bunch of players because they always kill a cubs or I hate people because I don't like their attitude like him some I don't hate him suck up but I sure don't like him because he's a smart me guy I just don't like him okay but it's a sport you gotta keep it in perspective okay all right don't feel better next week it was the week we on the hurricane's in the dump and totally we're both gonna kick some but this let's hope so all right okay 447 bomb I choose that was a very traumatic experience but I think you came out okay did it 12 minutes still no when it's up at U.I.O.D. we had I don't like the met I see them and you know after Anthony Johnson left and then they were like having us big research and so it was obvious the cubs are going nowhere we're just trying to stay in fourth place and I said for a while I said loud you know I'm kind of an environmental I don't hate him as much as I did before and then when I turned on the pirate game not last time but two nights ago the first game of the double header when James Smith pitched the one hitter which I hate to keep bringing up again and Viola I how he squeezed his way through there I mean the pirate sports like the cubs every inning that the base is loaded to men on and they couldn't for anyone and at that point I said to myself hey guess what I do hate to miss I mean like poison but is it only me why is it that airbie where the next place every time strawberry comes up to bed the crowd the they're all why did they have it is because they like him because they like the shot of his name because they hate him like poison like arsenic but he's all right it's 11 till noon we'll be right back 11 31 at WI O.D. Miami hello and Neil how could anyone like the met with the guys like that no wonder they so many people hate well it's just I mean such an agizing thing just to have to make the slightest little concession I it look I could bore everybody by going into the tail because I'm really a very not so baseball fan like last night in the met game and then when the pirates were breaking the game open situation the pirates got to run around first uh... got to get to base hit the right field I think we've kept king was on first he goes to third they got no chance no chance to get to run a third strawberry overthrow the cut off guy throws the third and they hit a wind up a second base okay eventually both runs wide up for it the fundamental unsoundness of that ball club is so glaring it just there you win the face and you say that they all geez I don't understand it I mean if somebody says to me that like Dwight Smith is an unsound ball player and it makes stupid throws and gets picked off facing it I'm not gonna argue with that because it's true right you don't want a company I can handle that we got a lot of holes okay absolutely anyway I want to talk about your favorite your hometown next door neighbor station yes sir anyone it seems like they're turning the corner on their format they're uh... turning it that I don't know if anyone mentioned this earlier but last night they said they had a tape of actually someone getting killed if you hear about that no yes not paid yeah exactly they showed it makes it okay we're gonna show this tape they had some woman with the gun and a guy tied to a tree no yes not come on no absolutely I'm not joking they had a guy tied to a tree and they said we're gonna show you this and right up until the second where she's gonna pull the trigger the freeze framed it stopped it that okay we're not gonna show anymore because this might be too much for you to handle and now it's done well on this is dedication it's from Sally said for one's the year good vibrations yeah i believe it yeah i believe anything i mean it's under the rickstances ring from ear to ear when it came back was he like chornling and saying a lot of like semi literate thing oh yeah like funny all yeah right shaken their head up and down going on you don't you think you would have been good in the exercise he could have done better than the blur she could have spun around like about a hundred and a mile an hour right you know now there's stupid showing enough tapes on the news i mean how much lower can you get well i listen if anybody can find a way to do it i have full confidence yeah i've got a lot of stuff going on with Sally we're gonna tell these out of control yeah i got one more story for you about the branch or some friend to mine came down to uh visiting and they were staying up in court louderdale and they said hey we want to go down the strip we haven't been here six or seven years we heard you know they remember it from six or seven years ago this was on a Saturday night it's basically completely empty to roll a balloon ball down a one a yeah anyway we're driving down there and they have a block a on a one a they pull it over and they spend they shine the flashlight in the car i said hey what's the problem they said hey we're searching all the cars we're looking for open containers of you bet you bet we're working for all the containers of cooling okay because it could be a gym Jones plant it could be Guyana revisited well i mean they they were saying hey we don't remember for a while it'd help be in like this we're remember it's a front time and then and then and then my friends said something to this woman take up there and then we start to say why you have to if we're not doing anything hey we're just doing our job we want to protect the beach and protect every okay you're strong really you struck a rod nerve you know why because early i was talking about every this show that we can said that yesterday and all these idiots calling it with opinions about who did the murders and the the things that we can do something about or should do something about like to repression in the way they destroyed for a waterdale and almost all of our county you know you're making a comment get a couple of people belly ache about it but most people just accept it okay instead of going out and just they had to be marching in the streets they had to be recalling sure if next they had to be recalling bobcock they had to be going nuts and for a lot of that they destroyed a beautiful community they destroyed the beach he didn't like the young people they didn't like the old people because they were struggling their prune juice on the street when they were crossing nobody nobody's nobody cares or in other words people will shoot off a big mouth and have a big opinion on things that they have nothing to do with that doesn't really affect their life that they can do nothing about but i'm things like what you're talking about they just hit back like a bunch of sheep and they let it go on that will make me look about it and if you hear it to something up there i'm not going to go back up there again oh who the hell would i mean i i mean you wonder why everyone's going to South Beach and i mean i know you say South Beach stop no hey listen that's where that's the only place there's any life left in this town you know at least the police down there don't have to be i mean they're new k they're on the beach you can go drink a beer and no one's going to bother you i mean go you go drive down a one hand like they actually and then we were driving away and the female tick when my friend sets up to her she gave him the number one time the pig did yeah unbelievable you ever heard of such a thing well and for a lot of doubt nothing with surprise me okay i wouldn't even surprise the number two with both hands yeah well i don't know you just try for you to get the hell out of broads yes sure i'm moving to uh my me beach for about a week like i always do okay i'm a great weekend okay don't make them a stick again i'm never going back i'm never going north of the border well you got a lot of companies yeah okay i'm 56 to Wio do we have an open line well let's all call and i always think to butter did and i think i made did and i think that little midget would green years did i mean see that human nature people shoot off a big mouth because they like the gossip and they like to get the they all got opinions and like i said that's okay it's a barber shop or the beauty salon or over the back friends you know everybody's there well yeah because it's in the news it's a big story everybody's talking about it's thinking about it but in the media or where people have a forum and you know this we're just to a fun show but i'm just talking in general because i've done these shows for many many years the things that people opt to care about and the things that people can change and the things in fact it's interesting on top of a pop radio most of the talk is about larger national international issues things that you really have almost no control over from abortion all of that gets more to a local thing you can lecture people but like the budget deficit things that are just out of our grass but the things that can that affect your life every second day which is like close to home the lower the level it is state politics local politics the less the interest it and that's just human nature and the same with the election what did the presidential election even though it's not that are right home about we get our biggest turnout what it's just a statewide election smaller turnout and what it's just local elections the smallest turnout ever and it's just done and it's because people know nothing about civic they know nothing about government they know nothing about anything really other than just surviving and what time is the essentially coming up and basically that's it and how people and i'm not going to go side about it because i've been here too long okay but how people can a lot of markets of 21 points can allow people like Nick Navarro and Bob Cox and and the geriatric that's dying decaying redneck old festering craft that's up there that's still there in Fort Lauderdale other parts of Broward all those termites who are festering there to statistic everything that that took years to develop and just throw it down a drain and nobody says anything all we don't want spring breaks and all those kids today tona too much problems too much too much anything too many people too much money too many tourists i can just see the people the Disney world say we don't want all these tourists they were making too much money and it's too crowded and the lines are too long and all the attractions what uh let's stop promoting it okay let's tell people it sucks here okay let's get about your old people we got my peer and instead of having like a Mickey Mouse we'll have uh uh any canter you know however somebody doing any canter in the jackbony oh man it's just uh pathetic in this town and that's why and you call me negative call me whatever you want but it's frustrating because this town could be like paradise and all these people hey we just were at the x caliber we were just at the morage red Vegas we had a great time why do we have to get on like two planes and flip three thousand miles out in the middle of the goddamn desert to have a good time oh it's gambling okay and all these people that are gonna go out today into moro and try to win the 50 million dollars and they might as well take the money and have a burning party in the backyard i that's not gambling see that's fun that's an investment or something i don't know what they're with it but anyway what the hell am i talking about we've got the elaine it's tour here in light of course who can eat with the best of them she's got the new wild news uh sud and rick the emotional hysterical psychotic rick rolly a man with a temper that seldom seen in the history of Irish behavior they'll be here from two to six ankleburg on sports talk that on chula show it's six or five yet he's in the age of seven thirty he's talking radio six ten wild these present the Neil Roger show to get in touch and talk dial seven five one wild the indian five two four wild in brown six five five wild in the palm beach and if you use a belt out mobility car phone it's a free call it's star i or d the opinions expressed by the horse gas door colors are not necessarily those of evis stations now here's Neil Rogers there's only one Frank Sinatra and now crap going for his latest live album perfectly friend this one goes out to that crazy Irish bro it's nine head all kind of she can't stranger every night she's taking chances as our anthem fight i got the answer the broad back home maybe she'll change her tune oh blue i've tell to like it is she's a girl she may go back where you belong he's the chairman of the board and you will be too when you hear perfectly fine morning atty and she don't even think that's a thought finder to bring stage live and perfectly fine andлейッhebney no one can burn number two with the bullet we've only played it twice is an open line at star iod I think we're developing very rapidly kind of like a love-hate relationship on it line because I know I hate it. Suricide. Yeah, I do it, yeah. Okay. I was only, uh, a couple years ago. That's wrong though, but, uh, here at the county, you had a killer. I think it was a kid or, you then trial for possibly 32 homicide. Did you have these processes here at the county? Did you see the Miami? Bigly. Yeah. How are you in the first coverage on it? I mean, it was like on the local paper. It was like, maybe in the front page, maybe, uh, watch your advice. You made the idea off? You know? And here are these people from the media that you jump on the bandwagon, you know? You actually got a chance. Well, maybe it wasn't, uh, sexy, you know? Yeah, you know. And, uh, you want to jump on them and I know what they need, uh, as, uh, whether people on the street, the need they gave. Yeah. And he could cover the town like a blanket. He had to shoot on to the dead. If they'll make it for him and date and Debbie and Broward, they could cover the whole town. I could be same time. All at once. Yeah, I thought they came to the, he had to strike it on. He turned around on the camera. And his ass, and that flat on a back of a jacket. But just, they could up, you know? They're like a parachute in the back there. Yeah. It was unbelievable. He's the best. That's why I had to go on by that the new big screen TV. Oh, it was a joke. I was going to call my boss, our main, for the line of high at douchebag. Yes, sir. All right. You have a good one. Have a great one. Thank you. Twelve away at WIOD. Well, we got this newsletter now. There's no stop on this now. And guess what? Yes, what? The best news of all. The best is yet to come. Uh, more did I find it. Boy, there's so many pages on here. It was about the, um, okay, the Neles in the US Air Force. Wow. Tuesday, September 11th at 730 PM at Brian Pickleau Field on Sheridan Street, west of the turnpiking Cooper City. Another, Neles softball, extravaganza. All the games are fixed. So have no fear and come out. The mouth, here's the piece of news that was exciting thing. Mouth billboards are going down. New billboards are on the way promoting news, traffic and weather. Wow. Wow. Wow. That almost inspires me. Oh, and I got a story for you. Oh, man, you will never guess. You're not prepared for this. Okay, you think you are. George will, he will either fall in the floor or get up, walk out, and never be seen again. You remember vaguely Steve King, WABC, New York, history fired. Now I have this on pretty good authority. The person they finally hired, they had these two bimbos on their news people filling in. And the conducted the usual nationwide search that we always hear about in broadcasting. And they replaced Steve in the morning on WABC, 7750,000 watts. One great radio station with his board-off who has never done a show before. So Bill McQuig, you've started a trend in the business. You're a great American graduate. Where's that bill McQuig card, huh? I got to find that. When I heard that, I didn't know what the scream or each Achita banana. I'm telling you, I just thought I would lose my mind. I'll find that chart. The bill McQuig promo, that's my favorite. Oh buddy, okay, 10 past no, let's take your call from Jupiter, hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. Listen, you know, I saw a golf thing in the Donan Youth Show at Cufflepale Bay School. Yeah. Did you see him? No, I didn't see him. Okay, 40, he looks woo. Big. Oh my God, the golf chains and everything. Yeah. And then I got to, I mean, sign for you, I think maybe you know already. Point, point woman, he's going on vacation. He's probably going to get a new job somewhere. I wouldn't be surprised. Oh, also speaking to that, the word is that Sandy Peyton is going to. She's bought a condo in Vegas because she loves Vegas. She loves to gamble. And the rumor is that she's going to be moving out there when they pull the punch. No, no, no, no, where I thought she was going to go, maybe to Colorado. But she goes there a lot. I'm the always talked about it. Now she's going to Vegas from what I understand. Really? You know, Rick's fanches. You know what? My dad's thing. Every time he sees Rick's fanches on the news, we are fans. So then he tells me all the time he said, when I looked at Rick's fanches, he said, I can't even understand when he touched in English because he said, I think he looks like he's got a potato stopping his mouth. Or something, yeah? I think you know where they should send a Steve Cain's to. Maybe to Chicago where Ed Tillin. Oh, man. And, too. You really know how to hurt a guy. You know, you're just telling the word you're problem. Well, anyway, tell a Bill Carter saying hello. And, you know, I hope that maybe he'll get, you know, somewhere. I know that Gary, which is something to say. Oh. Doesn't that just make the hair on your head stand straight up? Yeah, but they see they should have got a Bill instead of him. You know, I mean, I like Gary too, but I like Bill. Well, we're going for that real crowd, you know, the post-death crowd, post-Giri Antrich. So they aren't on my boy. I tell you, she's really, I don't know where she's going to go, but oh, God. Well, probably a big state like Montana, Alaska, someplace that can hold her. Maybe maybe she'll go with this piggy. Okay, have a great one. Okay, but I see a 12 minutes past noon at Good old WIOD, where we just disturb the pot. And quite frankly, here in some of these colors, I think they're smoking. We have an open line in Broward 524 and one in beautiful Pob Beach at 655 Jack Cole. 655 WIOD will be right back. 1st, it took a little girl. 1st, it took a little girl. Your mother's there, brought him here. Then, it was that the priest doing through my child. No, it's taken over the refrigerator. Honey, would you like a little party, Martin, on your muffin? Well, what about, honey? I said you want some party. Why? Honey, I think the job on the table just... You probably will never be the same. You will believe it's not butter. Honey, what's your past in the way? I will never be the same. You will believe it's not butter. And it doesn't stop there. You're glad I died. As of this boy, now melting at the Siddilplex 2, plenty of free parking. Okay, somebody stopped Sally's chair, okay, she's out of control. 516, at WIOD Mobile on the Starline. Hi, I'm Owen Neil. Yes, sir. I'm pissed off about this town too. So we have some friends who are really good friends of ours. Okay, you know, Lesbians. And they're telling me, oh, we need equal rights. We need equal rights. So the other day I go out and vote for the equal rights amendment, right? Or the human rights of Owen's men. So I go home and knock on that door and say, hey, did you guys vote? Oh, we don't vote for that because nothing is going to happen. That's a...my God. Now, for the other medsman, down here in Florida, they're blind. I'm a medsman. These guys can't play fundamental baseball. Exactly. They cannot take...not for a run. When they lost one nothing to the car, those they could have manufactured a run. Listen, listen, listen to me. First and second, nobody, Keith Miller, pinch running. That second base. Tommy, her bunched the ball, 30 feet. Powell, not even a fairbally, bunched, foul in the air. And Keith Miller takes off, like somebody just lit his uniform on fire. And they throw him out by 15 feet, the verdouble play kills the inning. And ends basically the game. Well, let's go back to the weeks ago. What Magnus was running on the hit and run play. That guy couldn't run as big as life. Exactly. He's a statue. They cannot play fundamental baseball. They don't. You know, they're all these people say the pitch in the pitch. And the pitch in the fell apart in the last month. And yeah, they had some good games when they had his injury. But they're through. They are finished. Well, you said that. He's still got 26 or 7 games to go. So I wouldn't say the first thing. The pirates now are riding a high. They're going to win the least one game in New York, the pirates. And they're going to win this schedule tonight. The pirates. They're playing Montreal for Montreal's been killed about years. Yeah, but off the Montreal? No, in Pittsburgh. No, they'll win the go into it. What a play. Three games. I think I guess. And they, if you say, have the play in sound baseball, they do win everything good. And hold day to day, just playing a great second place. And you made a tremendous play the other night. Yeah. You killed the rally. And okay. Well, I think that guys try to mess up your phone connection. We're dying, but the good luck, pal. Okay, guys. Thank you. Probably a 10 in WIOD. Star IOD is open at the Uplifting Star Line for the Bellsoft and the Billy folks. South. Whoops. South Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Are you doing this? You're best friend was on Regis and Cassie Lee. Thank you, old bird. No. But close. The introduction as a great guy. Algo Austin. Larry Ting. Ah, geez. Yeah. And he was blind. He was blinding his new book. He was doing why? He was blinding his new book. He was published in the new book apparently. Yeah. You know what the name of his new book is, don't you? No. Huh? Ah, did you see a road the whole thing? Don't be so stupid. Yeah. Anyone can you guess that? I guess. Yeah, especially your name. Okay, Neil. Larry, Ting was on there. What? He's just all promoting just a slimy, whirmy, weasel or just, you know, he writes that column in USA today. And he's always taking little digs. He never mentions my name, but he's always taking little digs about the talk show host to don't have any guests in the only opinions here at the host and it's boring. I'll tell you, you can just hear the sound of him kissing butt on it. I'm both of those shows that he's hearing from coast to coast. I'll tell you what he deserves. He ought to have Debbie Ellis and Dave Game on it. Sure, I'd like to see him kiss that butt. He'd have to have a lip transplant. I guess his face can't have to be deformed anymore than that. I think he went to the David Johnson School of Interviewing. Have a great weekend. You're too mean. Okay. Larry Ting. No, get me started. Don't get me started on Larry Ting. Okay. In fact, if highly it closes, which I hope I hope they don't ever do that, but if they do, they're going to have to have you know, they talk about making a name museum. They will definitely have to have one of the attractions. The Larry Ting Memorial drawer where they have all those bad checks that he used to write. I remember to do it that. Yeah, I know. 21 past noon at WIOD. Let's do a little business here. George, what come right back? Now we're cooking. Let's 1223 a WIOD. One of our listeners in Lake Plastodow all places sends me a just open to up a, um, a, um, a new thing. It's called enhanced bios life diet. The only patented bio guard. What the hell is that? And it's like one of these powder things that you put in the water or juice or something. And I opened it up and it just smells incredible. And it's got all directions on the back. I guess I, is this one of those things to like fill up your stomachs, so you don't eat so much. It says for the first three days take one. Once a day before the main meal sprinkle one flat tablespoon and eight to ten ounce glass of water juice or your favorite beverage, Henry. After the first three days, allow the system to adjust to the fiber, take one flat tablespoon, three of that's flat as in flat chillins. Three times per day and I a 30 minutes before meals. Warning. Do not take more than one tablespoon at a time or more than the recommended daily usage. May produce a slight, lack of the effect of first few days. On the fourth day, if you take too much, the effect may get worse. And on the fifth day, if you continue the overdoses, you could be out of control. Okay, I've tell you, we could take this to Halendale and sell it and retire by the end of the day. Better than when it went into the lottery. Prop 25 is W.Y.W.D. Let's go to all boys, surf size. Hey, Neil, how the hell are you? Oh, he can't. He lied to her, but Junior, I bet. Hey, you remember me? I'm one of the surf size boys. Yeah. Hey, what's wrong with everybody with these mats here? Put them down. They just won seven in the row. They're in a penit race. They just won seven in the row. And they're last three in the row. Oh, seven in the row. Everybody's riding the race. And they lose a couple games every one dollar. Yeah, well, probably because they were the three most important games of the season. I would imagine. What's that? Well, see if he would stop talking and listening. You would have heard what I said. I said probably because there were the three most important games of the season. I don't know the series with Pittsburgh. No, they have two more series with Pittsburgh. Okay. So what? I mean, your cubs are over here in the cellar. No, we're not in the cellar, sir. We may be closed, but we're in a fourth place. So, you guys are putting them in cellar. Let's do right. Well, yeah, because they stuck in because they're sitting there greater. We're nearly there. Okay. Okay. So, we're 100. How many teams are you taking games over 500? Well, that's wonderful. I mean, there are three and a half games out. We're kind of logic. Two days ago, they were happy. And in fact, three days ago, they were happy to get my head. If my memory is correct. Yeah, they were. So what? They lost four. I mean, they weren't playing very well. Right. They could turn around and win 10 in the row and stick it right in your eyes. Okay. Hey, listen, Doug. We make no difference to me. I'm not a pirate fan. I don't know. No, no. Secondary personal and historical abusive against you. That's yours. You're always putting them down. Another plastic example. You're whining your hysterical. You're becoming personally abusive and it's just a ball game. I know that. I like the metal. But you just answered. You just answered the question that you asked yourself. Why is everybody putting them down? Why is everybody hating? Because of people like you. No, because people like you fat boys. No, okay. There we go. Fat this, pal. 27 after noon at WIOD. We have an open line in Dave County, 751, 9463, 751. There's no hope for met fans. Believe me, no hope. There's like a smattering of the mouth. Who are these ended up and intelligent enough to cope with the reality? Like I said, there's like 25, 26, 27 games left. Anything can happen. I've always said it's going to go right down to that last three games in Pittsburgh. I've told her for a second and third. That's what I've been saying. And possibly will. And you try to become an objective and rational. And these these people are not calm or rational or objective. They're just a obnoxious and then like at the end of the call. We got to make it into a personally abusive attack because you don't like my team. Oh, geez. I mean, give me a break. Wait a minute. 28 pass noon at WIOD. Hollywood. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Why are you giving me a chariot hard time? Why? Why are you harassing chariot? harassing Jerry WitchNet. I'm not harassing him. I'm promoting the fact he's going to be doing night 10 WIOD. Oh, is he moving to this station? That's what I said. That's the rumor. Oh, really? I like him. I think he's got a lot of talent. Well, when are you going to start using it? What's up? Is that what? Yeah. I don't know. Probably when you start using your. Okay. Okay. Clever. Yes. Well, I think he does good. I'm glad to hear your station on finding out some plants. Yes sir. Well, that's good. I had a little touch of clasp. Well, I'd tell you. Well, maybe you're rating to go out. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you. Let me know when you get a life. Okay. 28 pass noon at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. 524, Red. 524 next. Let's go to a Fort Lodderdale. Hello. Good morning, Neil. What is this? That guy from Surfside. What? More for a. Yeah. That's the I programming junior in this. Another one of these misfit mountain tents for more New York type people who are here and just miserable and rotten and. And just to go back home. Yeah. But once I got such a. She's saying I was wondering if you're recording. Yes sir. I have it right in a very special place. Oh, but what about my dog's neck and every time he does something bad, I give him a big yank right on the same. And join the show. Well, with you. Yesterday with the exception of Mr. up there. There isn't. There he is. But in the first I know. I could just to came in here and put on a performance scene. Only the last time I was seen by Dick Farco. Right. That was when you come. Do you have that tape of when Farrell threatened? Yeah. It's in here somewhere. Would you mind what I mind? What? See? Now you're running the call. Sorry. We've gone. And I thought it would be. Now without people. Lapsing into this request crap. I wasn't request that in say that we're required. Okay. Have a good weekend. And the same to you. Can't control themselves. 1230 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward County. 524. The Met's fight to big one. 524. WIOD. See, I don't even like when jica was here. It's the in times of good guy. And good sense of humor. He's a Met fan. And so we only talked about the fact that that double. 1242 at WIOD. During the break I was looking at the daily info sheet that we have at all a promos. Suds and Rick are really getting topical. You think that the gains will rumour line yesterday was something today. The poll question is, is the market really going to crash? What do you think? Unbelievable. Okay. We have an open line in Palm Beach. 655 WIOD. We have a former celebrity caller on the line now. You come on here. And you pass me. And it's very obvious you two guys are out of work and want the afternoon shift around here. It's the most tasteless thing I've ever heard in my life. Driving home the new. And I'm driving the work. I have a show to do. And I'm getting picked off. And you're having home the sports and weather. All the different views. If I had the ability, I'd take you out of your right now. Take a guy there, T-Sit. You help you to the traffic. You're a smile or two. But because I'm trying to hold you in your day. Roll, cheese. And he'll be here. I'm trying to try to run. Come on, come, break special. You're a new I O-E. You know, I thought when he came in here, he had a hair up his nose yesterday. You know what? I had a figure yesterday calling in trying to do Bob the car though. He should get his own materials. You got several limitators out there. I guess that's the epitome of flattery. That's what they always tell me when everybody in a market rips off all my material. I should be very flattered. Yeah, I'm almost caught on the floor when you played the car. Well, we at least are hearing from Alex Jr. We sure haven't heard from Robert anymore after those lines of time. Yeah. I saw my school. After his mom, two disaster because he was here when he was supposed to be registering for a school. He was walking kind of weird when I saw him. Maybe his mom got to him. Really? Did a little, did you talk to him? Don't feel a clinical talk with him. And it was a bunch of people everywhere when I come and get to him. To the field, I guess he saw me. He did not want to hear you. Probably, yeah. Well, he wants to pretend that he wasn't the one that was really here. You know, that's how it came out. Some other guy was someone. I'm other Robert. I was caught on the floor yesterday when you played Bob that, and he was a great pop-laster, imitating our gold scene's pig. It was great. Bob, last of the, where do I know that name? Where do we know that name? Where is that card? Where is that card? He hasn't ripped you off for a long time. He hasn't ripped you off for a long time. Don't I would you mind about saying, Don't I would you mind about saying, Yeah, that's his number one question. Yeah, that was great. Okay, I hear your two-foot-doin, okay. So, my one? Your two? Oh, yeah, my two-foot is doing great. Every time it makes little noise like that, I think of you. Yeah, we'll see. When I'm watching Channel 7, like about 10 o'clock, watch that, that noise comes out through the speaker of my TV. Does it all that a re-verb? Yeah. When Sally starts spinning in the chair? Yes, sir. It's the same sound, and I can't believe it. Well, I like that, tell you. It sounds like you're out of material. Well, all of that in the material, when I first saw it. You're a Robert a big kiss for all of us? But what's the sound? Okay, no attention to mommy. He's just over hormonal and psychotic. Who's mommy's bromance? What's the little tighty, Monum? You know? So to speak. Have a great weekend. I'll be very serious. Okay. 1245 is WIOD. We have an open line of daydcounty. Look at that. Boy, this is just almost more than I can deal with. Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Yeah, you don't like anybody on the BBC? I want? Do you like anybody on WABC? I don't listen to WABC because I live in South Florida. Is that right? What about Bob Grant? Oh, gee, talk about bad wigs. Wow. Hey, that's a bad wigs. Bob Grant is going to be bad. Bob Grant's been dead for 20 years. He used to be great and then they performed this operation. I don't know. They'd be bald him. He has never been the same. He's like so mellow now. Yeah. He's like malignant but mellow. Better than but, yeah, never not. I'm not sure. Oh, I knocked every night. Oh, my God. Is he still alive? I'll be here for a minute. Oh, God. Oh, yeah. I forgot about him. No wonder I feel sick all of a sudden. Brnod Malta. Yeah. Wow. That's a true story I've been saying about the Bordops. These Bordops were placed in. I mean, is that the ultimate slap in the push? Well, no way. This is that been a morning anyway. They listen to Howard Stern. And the Don Amis. And WCBS and WINS. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Howard hates the Ironman's footer versus name is. Well, that's because, do you know the story on that? No, I don't. But when they were working together at WNBC, why I think it's the other way around. I'm going to say Tower because I'm saying, I'm like, in some rehab thing for drinking. It was now alcoholic. And the day that he came back on the air, Howard sent this thing headed delivered to his house and it was like a bottle of booze, with some sarcastic card on it. Made a whole bit out of it on the air. And the ultimately got kind over there, it didn't be seen. Yeah, but he's funny. Oh, Howard. Oh, I'm just tired. Really? But I'm just telling him that's why I'm listening to you hate each other like poison. Do you think what Rob is looks like? Yes, sir. He's got a great boy, but a holy post. Exactly. Holy moly. All right. Have a great life. Okay. Wow. 1247 WIDL, super Dave, hasn't called it today. We have an open line of Dave Kant. Can you believe he was denying yesterday that was him? And he's going out with that issues and all that other inshined, ray-o stuff. And nobody cares about him. I mean, why don't you just admit it, Dave? Okay. You're just chronic, you're a pain and stop selling my tapes. 751 WIDL and D.N.D. There's an opening on a Palm Beach line where we seem to be just a little trickle today. A little bit better. We seem to be back in their graces again. North Miami. Broadcast wide across three counties with 70,000 watts of power. Today, proud anywhere on WL's bad ads. How you doing, Neil? Cute. You don't know Dave's great line, do you? Yes, sir. Thank God. Yeah. That's all, DL's. Her own radio. They talk about new diseases. Can you believe that? What is she going to be the poster child? She's replacing bad riches, the poster child. Yeah. She consumes the food, the cardinal, and the full and everything. Yes, sir. And he's the copy after she reads it. There you go. Hey, you got a great show today. It's been a silly uphill on week of... Yes, sir. We're doing a work to start our climbing Mount Everest. We started to flow and I were building to a crescendo. And then the old Neil's back. Well, that's not scary the way. Okay. One more thing I want to call my boss at Wushberg. You're a fishing little Lebanese do Spag, which you're a good guy. Okay. Trying to save your job there, I know this. Okay. 1249 and WIODs. In other words, up yours, but you're a good guy. We have an open line in Dave County, 751, WIOD. Everybody is like, so you watch. Monday, this is my prediction. Monday after the Dawkins win on Sunday. Listen, I think they're going to be the Patriots to pay for you stuff. And of our first four games, that's our real shot, New England really is bad. And after we win, CWOD, that'll be the excuse. But they just can't relate to it. Or of course if we lose, which is certainly within the realm of possibility, then it'll be reverting to our old ways again. Do you the Dawkins wants for two upsets? Like they really all care, right? I know Rick Weaver would be very upset. Anyway, it's 11 before one let's tell you about Toyota of Hollywood, right? On the number one Toyota dealership in the whole Southeast, in USA Craig's in... 23 at WIOD, a mobile on the Palm Beach, hello. I know how you doing. Great. A couple years ago, you mentioned something that really hit a chord when you said if you don't like what you're listening to on the radio, why not to this list and to another station? Yes, sir. You're right. I agree. And that's what I do, for instance, when you start playing music, I put staff down because I listen to listen to you. We have a lot of choices here. But what we don't have a choice with here is in the Dawkins. And I would just like to voice my concern that Mr. Weaver is getting very jaded with his comments about our Dawkins. And if you could just pass that along to him or he's listening today, that next time he has the... He gives us an audience in his sports contract routine, that he would tell us why his last two years. I know we've had a bad season, but... If he is delivery is just a test. That's a puppy cut. That's a puppy cut. Mr. Weaver to you, dummy. Well, maybe it is a derivative of me, dummy, but that's the way I feel. That's a puppy cut. One man's a penny. Mr. Weaver to you, dummy. Well, maybe Mr. Weaver, I don't think you're more responsible to his audience. Mr. Weaver to you, dummy. That's a puppy cut. He's just a stuck on it. You know, he just ought to control. Well, he's never recovered since he saw Rick Rowley in his cheering. You know, he came in there that day, and I just... You never bounced back from there. Well, he had many weeks. At least I... Maybe a surprising victory over the Patriots on Sunday could turn it all around. Maybe I need to know that he has something else to say about the Dawkins, besides his position. Okay. That's my opinion for what it was. That's puppy cut. Have a great weekend. Thank you. Call 55 at W.Y. or D. Boy, he's getting almost emotional as Rick Rowley isn't even a nice place. That's puppy cut. Here's a mobile and broad hello. Meet the best step bride. I just want to call him to spend all the... All his meds and heels. Yes, sir. Apparently, sir. Well, I wish we had a couple of hours because that's how long it would take at this point. We're just getting attacked. I mean, not all of you. We give me a little problem, my throat. We're just getting attacked. You know, I mean, all these meds. We're not that bad. Yeah. You know? I mean, speak softly and carry a big stick. Your organs are the scum of the urine. As you know. That is correct. Not all. You're just... Just most. I agree. Most are. That's why I'm here though. But you know, I came down here and I find there's more New Yorkers here than there are New Yorkers. That is correct. There's 14 million in New York and we have 22 million in South Florida. What's going on there? Why did they block here? What if you... Well, because they understand that misery is like the game, name of the game and there's townboy and if there's anybody can make you miserable, they know how to do it. I mean, I just want to fit into the woodwork like termites. I got transferred here to me. That was, you know. But you don't even sound like you're from New York. So you're not part of the ambiance. You've got to have that accent. You've got to have an attitude. It's just a whole different thing. Oh, I agree. I mean, I'm just part of it. There's people not from New York that are more New Yorkers than people that are... That is correct. That's... Am I making you see anything on a thing? No. Markets up 24 points, okay? Well, Amelia. Fantastic. We can all spend a weekend on Fire Island. Back point. From the old one, you're not... You're not going to attack Rick Riley, more of you. I know you didn't attack him. I like him. Well, I sure don't need a heal to hear. I think they have a great shelf. They have a great show and I like both of them. I'm a studs, of course, and everybody loves studs. Rick, that's another story. But he just happened to be a very, very emotional, volatile, explosive psychotic, wacko, irresponsible guy. I mean, I kind of got that feeling right? He's always right on the edge. Well, he'll say, well, I'm just a joke. But I got news for it. It's not just a joke. He like his always on the edge of losing it. That is a big guy. And he used to have a 47-share on Waxi. Until I went on the morning on Zaden, beat the crap out of them. I'll excuse me. Oh. Real indefend defend. I listen to that show yesterday. Well, wait a minute. How indefend to mean gamesville? Yeah. Oh, no, that's indefend to me. A few times, he said, in no way are we trying to bring out more news on this matter. We're not trying to report anything. We're just a bunch of people expressing our opinion. Oh, and that is what he was saying in the beginning. He was saying to the... We didn't say it's fine. We don't want to get anybody hysterical or right fueled in the fire. We just want to bring people up to date. He wants to say that 10 bring them up to date. I don't know what on the latest rumors. I don't remember him. Like Molly Turner did a stir. If he didn't say that at least a half a dozen times while it was listening, then he didn't even speak to Dom Jico. He said that that that was an accurate. Well, that's what he was talking. In fact, that was the whole purpose. He brought Chuck Miron. Chuck was already here this morning earlier and everything I said was true. Chuck Miron. Chuck Miron. And he said it that way. Chuck is right. Chuck is just a tremendous guy. And a great news. He'll be on tomorrow morning on the weekend magazine. He's going to have Jose Pagan on Dead or Relive, which ought to be tremendous. I wasn't in his job starting worrying about that. He's a fabulous. What are you doing from this? What are you doing on this station? I have no idea because he's a good. Hey, I was going to think he's a better guest of both of these 50s. He is. He really is. He's a good guest. For the way, Neil. He's also doing a speaking of Molly Turner. He's also going to be on Dead or Relive tomorrow. Molly who? Molly Turner. What's Molly Turner? And Molly Ringwormer. Oh, well, he's a Molly. What is that? What is that? What is with the beard? Molly Turner's got a beard? No, Molly Beard. No, I don't know. I don't know. Molly Beard. Right from KGR. I don't know who that is. She's a program. She calls you. And he'll see the program director. Oh, that bitch is KGR that Mitch Lewis said was the worst blindball in the history of broadcast. She's running for Congress. She, well, listen. We'll get her out of town anyway. I got a question for you. I have you on the phone card. The theme is playing. The theme is playing. You want to? Who is it? You're on lady. Have a nice life. Okay. Anyway, Elaine is pretty nauseated and disgusted by that last and tempered question. There's got our one-to-clock news. We'll come back with our mammoth one-to-our. Don't forget our full question. Hitler, Dead or Relive. I'm Sudden Rick. It's through this afternoon. Pookey, look at the frequency. Flyer, the house organ of WOD slash. Of course. Okay. We've got a couple of day lines. Open here, 751 WOD and one-to-rour that's five, two, four. And the reason I mentioned that with a tremendous sense of urgency is because two of the calls that we've got our pig reports each of which will last about 40 seconds, right? That is correct. Okay. Okay. Um, southbound on I-75, 138, exit. There's about six of them. Hello? Yes. Yeah. Six of them. I'm gonna pick six of them the types of everybody. These are F-H-P's. Yes. Florida Highway Pigs. Yes, Mindanks. He Spittin... Incredible. I know it. Okay. Well there's two more now. There's this was so good they're all just zeroing in. They did the same thing on five, five, nine, five, yes, they line up in a little. They just blast people one by one. Isn't that great? Line up in the middle. I got a good line for that, but I'll save it because I need to drive home today. Well be careful. They're into the via detector. Okay. Thanks a pile. Bye bye. 109 in WIWD or Exclusives South Florida Pig Report Station where you try to save you the big bucks. Keep your license in one little piece. Two open lines in Broward. Let's get with it. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four. Another one? Hello. Hi, I have a pig report. Oh, it's not a Dale Tick. Uh, speed trap on my ammy road between state road 84 and 17th street causeway. Okay. Thank you, sir. Another great American doing his cubic service doing his civic duty for the day. Okay. I hope that this process and so bad. They're just like when they do the thing out here on Viscayne Boulevard in the middle of the daytime. They've pulled that twice in the last few months. When they do their decoy crap out there and they're in trapping these four bansters. And now we put it on the air. They get all better than shape and they call it newsroom. These are their fairing with our police work. Well, get off your ass and go up to Gainesville and help them do something constructive. Up there and find this slime ball that is sitting around here and trying to make everybody's life miserable. Okay. Pigs. It's a 10 past one at WIOD. What is that? Another one? Is that posse? Oh, okay. Didn't have time. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I got to tell you. You've been one of your chef. He's been one of the first chef. Yes, he was. It was so pointless in me once I turned it off after about six or twenty minutes. And you have to be aware that the best chef you've had, you know, how long he comes in. And he runs the last 25 minutes of it. Well, the answer was going to be. I thought it was going to be like two three minutes of fun. I thought there would be a little jamming and a little sparring. But I think we were going to have a bloodbath again. Right. He was falling in another hour. Yeah. He's fucking about our good. He did the same dancing. He's been a tricky Farco flash Alex Bennett debacle. The project is a great. He is. He's in the first of all he's conversing on everything from sports to TV to radio to a satellite to, I mean, you name it. He can talk to New York. I mean, he knows it. I was you. I was you who's more opinionated. Yeah. He was just come out of a shell. But if I could find 30 guests like Tom Jick, we'd have a 90 share here. Yeah. Sure. And then you give them all each one of their own show and I'd be out of business. Oh, ghosting is really enjoyable too. Well, I will certainly pass it along to the proper authority when mystery emotional comes in. I appreciate it. I'm just a little okay. He ruined it. We didn't run it, but he didn't run it. Well, he put a damper on it. It's like coming into somebody's party. Everybody's having a party and eating and celebrating and somebody comes in and has the dire ears. Something. That's a great weekend. Okay. Oh, no. I think that's a good analogy. I think that his performance here yesterday would jick. It was just, and then I noticed it was very fascinating when they came on. I'm driving home and as I was out my way out to door, I said, Boy, I don't want to miss a minute of this because I thought there'd be like some kind of mention of it. Like, I mean, how can you just drop it? And it wasn't. It was like it never happened. Anyway, go over to the melting pot this weekend, speaking of a moving experience, hit the pot this weekend. Because boy, if you want to get out for a fabulous meal, a fabulous evening. That's just a food, but the ambiance and the service, the great waitresses and waiters like Troy up there in Carl Springs who will wait on you and treat you with like velvet gloves because I understand he's really having any stuff like that. But the melting pot now, of course, they've got that traditional peanut oil fondue for those of you who are a traditionalist and are fearful of change. And you dip in dunk all your good stuff in there, the chicken and seafood and steak. And but they now have a new way for you to cook your fondue. And that's the savory broth. And it's right, it's delicious and it's low in fat, salmon, pork, teriaki, sirloin, chicken, vegetables and seafood cooked up and broth. And whichever one you use, of course, then you dip in any one of those seven delicious sauces. It's like fun. You sit there at the table, you cook your own stuff and you're on leisure, you put it in that stuff and you're like, you're going to have a evening movie for a long time. That's because I always wet my pants. Remember my love being with Ginny Stewart, Matt, Monty, Stratten, Fricks, or I would throw. Do you know, Jean Kelly's famous dance and singing in the rain? That was his rain, that was me. But I'm back, thanks to deep-ended adult diapers. They're so absorbent if I'm having two rolls of toilet paper in your back pocket. All in each, the kitchen has colorful pictures of the great stars of the 40s, bread and beer, domino, or counter. And there's me. Do you know, I said, I still wet my pants, but thanks to deep-ended I'm working again. Okay, nice to hear from you, June 11, 17 at WIOD. Let's go to Fort Laterdale. Hi, Dale. I can't believe I waited this long to come after depend. Well, that's our slogan here, depend on it. I have a baseball quest and maybe you can answer. Why are the meds so bad? No, no, no, no. I don't care about the meds. There was a picture of professional baseball picture. But he used this red blupper ball. You know, like, overhand softball, pithes. Overhand softball. He was a major league pitcher. I don't know, what can you, and I can't remember. Do you like the EFist pitch? Maybe. I thought they called it a blupper picture. Well, they do, or the EFist pitch? I don't know. Was it a white well-held one or did that? Was one of those guys who threw all that junk? It was, but it was, it was, it was a good picture at one time. And you had this one ball that you see, like, go like it overhand softball pitch. Or underhand softball pitch, but it was for overhand. What about the other ball? I don't know. It's kind of hung around, again. Okay. But that's... Well, I don't know. I might have been a white well-held ball. Why don't I think, so he was a mafobal. I thought you were going to tell me. No, I don't remember. It's like an old timer. It's not that old. No. Must have pitched for the mess. Yeah, my- Maybe it was John Matt Lack. No. Somebody will call in. One of our baseball maven, Tankle probably called, and he knows it all. I know, I know it wasn't Bob Filler. He threw a fastball. Well, I know that it was, and I've been trying to think of it, and I asked my father-in-law who was an old-time baseball person, and he said, yeah, I don't-I don't remember. No, I know what you're talking about. They called it the EFist pitch. You're just like a big, like, a lollipop. Yes. Oh, man, I can just see him throwing a tune out up there, and he would penalize them with that. And when you're right, it wasn't that long ago. It was, you know, I'm getting upset. You shouldn't do things like this, but I'm not going to say, man, you have sleepless nights, and you lay there awake thinking, oh, gee, I can see him throwing that thing up there, and then try to take the swing, not rick rush, but some fat, outer shape, old timer, it'll come to me, or somebody will call in. Okay. And if we don't, and if we don't get the answer, you know you've ruined my weekend. I'm sorry. That's okay. Okay. Fine. When I've seen a WI with you, I can see it. I can see him just throwing that big lollipop up there, and it just drops, like in the old timer's game, they pitch like that. Anyway, one minute in WI, maybe it was Frank Viola. Hi, Alia. Yeah, I think it was Carl Hubble, first of all. No, this is, but this is more recent. Carl Hubble is an ancient. They had the point, as you pitch for the cardinal, then went to the Yankees, and he still stuck. Yeah. But anyway, I don't have a big report, but I've got a lifeguard report for you. So, not all the popular one, they called the macho game down on the beach. Well, he quit now, and he's working at Taco Bell, and he changes name to natural race. So, I, so. But this one, I'd tell you, and on that, and as far as I got the work for, wait, when somebody said Dave LaRosa, the Tigers, that is not corrected. Now, this is somebody very well known, it's like, I think it was the point from now. No way. And anyway, he threw a lot of crap, but that's another story. As far as the guy that worked for Muhammad, I don't work for Muhammad, so I'd like to call him a colossomy bag. Okay. Is that so, right? Is there any truth to the room or the bag, Dad? Is there any truth to the room or the selling fits as a fun liking for produce? I keep hearing that room around. Have a nice day. All right. Okay. That was a cute call. A cute call. We have an open line in Dave County. There he is. Ladies and gentlemen, wearing a bright yellow canary yellow shirt. Look at that. The ambiance of his present here today. He is just a gross. Really? Well, those faded jeans and that yellow. You look like a, yeah, who today? You've been working on the cobra? Dave Parker, the cobra. I think I'm one of those pop prints, Dave. She calls Dave Parker the cobra. You'd be excited about that, even though, when I loved your play by play, when you were out at your Robbie Stadium, for that embarrassing with old-life Friday, and you were doing baseball. It's low to the outside for a strike. No, not ribs to old-rips to old-rips to old-rips to old as like a hundred years ago. I think that's her boss is even better than her. I'm very good, Dad. I'm making all run ball. I like to play a bro number 19. Yeah, so what I'm going? Now, come on. Thornton, one. Thornton. Kipper? How about Bob Kipper? How about Chuck? Chuck is very good. Chuck is a very good Chuck is great. And I wanted him to be a pirate spin. And when we had things like this, I'd say Paul's him and here because he's the only guy who speaks the truth. And that's exactly what we did. You can't get him into an embarrassing. Didn't you hear him? Oh, he was on a great length of the time. I think you're Martin Ferris? I didn't get him. I am. I said you can't get him. You can go back and talk about it too. Well, he may be. I wish I would. Yeah, no. When you had one of those little kids on the show, as far as your friend, Mr. Chicken, I stress you, our friend. The last time he was on, you said, why was the party didn't come in early in coming? It's been some time. I thought that was like the invitation. So I did. I came in. No problem when you've come in. But he just said, I said, it's such a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty. Really? I mean yelling. We had such a great show yesterday. Well, I didn't really. I didn't realize he did hate me. But I realized that when I sat down, I probably did put a jam for him. No, I don't think he does hate you. But I think that once you started, a short, slow or something like that, he started getting into that. He was noticing it. So he was like, I walked into the river. And he was like, I know what's going to happen here. When you dripped that, calzone all over his back. It was piping, hugged his back. It was my boy. He wasn't so happy. It was my son. Was it? Yeah. Well, he was smiling. Yeah. But he's all right. He can handle it. Well, that's funny. But you see, you, you have this facility. You never deal with specifics. You are the greatest he, smoke floor I have ever seen in my life. Name one. Let's deal with it. No, but just like, for example, I see I went into specific about this growth test display that you guys have. And I just said, well, I'm just, well, I just said thanks. But I mean, like, the thing about the 47. I had a four, four. Well, what? We were talking about you. I know you had a job. Come on, you know, a good friend of mine. Another one mentioned saying, but he used to get into this thing. Oh, I used to have a five. But nobody cares what we used to have. It's water over the dam. All those listeners have moved to Louisville or somewhere. But think that was the reason people with him. He was the radio reporter and he missed a great story. What great story about it when we left Waxi? The fact we had the highest ratings. He had a great story about the cancer, which has happened two months ago. And he's not got a print as he says. So he missed a great story. As far as why do they see a lot of people right about me? Good and bad. You didn't write about all of your friends. You didn't. He is your friend. I have other than a high at the track. I have never had a meal with Tom. I don't socialize it. Tom, I would speak to him as much as he calls from the office. I don't call it all. I don't think I should. He's your friend. He's like a joel on. And you want to know that? That's it. It would be better because there are a lot of people. It's like poison. Okay. Like poison. I don't want to mention Charlie Whitehead. What you don't have there. I don't have the group. And people all across now. Right. And Tom. I've had more anxious jobs in this town. I mean, you remember traffic magazine? You weren't here. I'm not upset about it. Well, I am. Oh, no, I'm not. No. As long as you spoke your name right away. Didn't post. Like what? When a hell put in T and E E L and you know, they don't like it too much. But for actually, why anyway, let's get back to you. Well, what were you talking about? I'm talking about Tom. What can that say? They just nobody done. I mean, if you want to apologize. I'm not sure. Well, I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. My discussion was about that in tempered the interesting about games. But yes, then you kept saying we want to get everybody up today. We don't want to cause that. We don't want to cause that exact. And then you had all these rumor-mongering assholes going, well, I think the major, I think a woman's okay, I answer me. Oh, my. You don't care what they think. Okay. And then the guy called Chuck and the new is your men Chuck, Reemed him in earlobe, man. As with half the colors, you don't care what they think. But you don't know what they think. So you get them on the ear. And then you go, oh, man. Did you think that you're, you see, you're like, don't you? When you wish you had his money. And so do I. You know, he brings all these people under this morning for one. What are they going to tell us? But the same thing with our audience. You don't know that our audience knows something that they've released up their Don't make. Give you an explanation why I did that. Okay. Because I think after so long that this is going on. How long did the funding murders go on? How many years? But in the hillside, straggler and the green, green river kiln. Yeah. Talk to about all this. Okay. But the fact is, like you said, how would you like to be the one that says, Okay, the guy go back up there and then you find your son at seven piece. When you're close. Okay. But wait. I took the other side. I don't think they have the guy. And I think they're a lowing people into a fall sense of security. But why? And I just wanted to just cut that with Josh. That's why. And I really don't think they have the guy. And I think that if people think that they do their dissolution. Okay. I don't think they did. You think that they think that we think that nobody thinks what you think Counts. The fact is it's news and it's hot news. But no. No. What you think is not news. That's the difference. Now, Johnny, Josh has got some news because he's got the news letter in his hot little hand. He's about to eat it because there's no food in here today. Well, it's the right color, Johnny. Listen. I will, I'll even make a pledge to stop talking about what a Slob and Pig you are. If you'll go out and buy a shirt. Just one. You can wash it every day. He wears this. That is. I don't have a real heart. He wears the same two shirts. I've known this man for years. But you know they all go with food. Yeah. I mean, like you did that. So what would food that is? Oh, it would matter. There's Calzone. See, that's off the back of Jick's back. You could have seen what he was hovering over Tom looking for the last piece of beat. Who could have seen him a Cadillac chair when I heard we had a spy report on all that. I was going to stare at him. I was laughing out loud. Oh, wait a minute. I got to find when you guys are talking. So that discussion is over. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Listen. This is one of a new jingle. Johnny. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. Wow. I'm not going to get out of there. Yeah. That's what he will be that. So anyway, you're apologizing for that. I forgot to pull it. I ran away. I just play a pseudo journalism yesterday. You'll never do it again and give people crazy and it's not going off and how or a half. And I'm sorry. I just, you're not going to get off that easy with it. Just know. I almost called in. I was going to. I was going to. No. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. Do it on your time. No. I'm going to. I'm going to. And. I'm going to. He said he just, I saw him. I'm going to. I agree with you 100 percent. He said I was so embarrassed. And so humiliated. The other day said I didn't know what the screamer read that banana. He said where's my white hide. No. He said where's my wife. What do you say? You can't. He started. Well, he said where's my wife? I wasn't. Oh, which I think had something to do with the white hop, but I don't want to get into detail. Exactly. But anyway. Okay. So you feel better now? Shucks. Look. I was great. Yeah. I apologize to Johnny dark. I'm sitting here. I'm ripping a shirt. You got that canary yellow. Yeah. You're not from California. Are you like from David? Homestead. Come on. Were you like a horn? They're colors. What an orange county or yellow county. You like orange county a lot. No, I would not. But I know all about orange county. Okay. Yeah. That last there along time. I'd be good on the air there. Yeah. I could. The broadcast from like an unknown spot. A secret hiding place. Oh, now. The George Mr. Radio over here. Mr. Radio Jr. wants a mic too. Not on. What is that? The one that's not plugged in. It's not on. No, not on. Just call him lightning. Thank you. Well, he's busy on the phone, which isn't even the talk phone. He's busy. Somebody bugging him in there. You're always going to be the next thing. Okay. We've. And how come those things aren't open there too, George? I don't want to get like him and start jumping all over here. Boy, does he hate you like poison by the way? So George. Oh, he hates you. I know. Well, because you're just too hard on these damn boardops. Okay. Then they can't all be superstars like Marvin. You seem George is wife. I heard about that. Yeah. He can lead all over. No, how tall is she really? She's about six feet tall and I'm not kidding. Because you're not even there. Yeah. She played for the piston. You know, case of case was wife, but it's a similar situation. Exactly. Well, what? Yeah. You know, you're always ready. You know, you're always smiling. Yeah. Okay. Well. Great. She's beautiful. She may seem pretty domineering, but I heard he stands up to her. Now, what is it? We're always ripping Davy. You have a lot of fans in Davy. Hey, I'm not ripping like we ripped New York, but that doesn't mean there aren't some good Plaza people in the city three or four in his same in Davy. Do you guys, you know, the country? Do you have a lot of fans in that place? Boy, is that Davy? Oh, yeah. That's on four four. You want a plantation, but they people. Oh, no. Wait a minute. I'm going to say again again, about that country music. And I'm, say, I don't know which way to go here because he's got the yellow shirt. You got the stain shirt. And he's the one who's the Yahoo and you're in the kiss line. Why is it blocked? And hangs out with your wife. I told you she's got bad eyesight. But now I was right. But you're in the yellow. It's right. Man. If she's listening right now, I got this great optometrist man in one in one hour. He can make you some glasses. She'll dump you faster than he'll eat halabond and does it. I bet I bet right now. Now, what does it do to us? That you to be there. That's been more different things. Do does. I know where that is. That's a brush in that place with a cow's. I don't know where I'm going to go in there. We're going to talk about you. I'll bet. No, really. He lives around here somewhere. Let's go get him at the time. Do a truck. Where you can't. And get him at the start of the 401. But he can understand. They got those hoods on while they're talking. Exactly. Yeah. Which is certainly better wardrobe than you're wearing today. Anyway. When you got to go over the right. Look at his clothes. Yeah. Well, I'll be honest with you. They put those two shirts together and you got some for Debbie Os. Anyway, I noticed he's just laying out of this not a playman. If I weren't his shoes, I'd try to ignore it too. Anyway, Rick Weaver said good job on the ball game. This Sunday dolphins are going to do it. Yeah. And if they win, if you can sit in this chair sometime for a couple of minutes. Yeah. He doesn't even know I work. He's another one. Now, he, let me tell you another little Rick Weaver story about it. One was it about the eight months ago or so. It was like the last two weeks we were collecting all the money for the Camilla Sounds, which you raised 70, six grand this last time. And I was sitting out in front, which I never got in the lobby. But the mail was overwhelming. I was trying to keep up with it. I was sitting out there was about 9.30 in a morning. And there was a whole box full of checks. And I'm sitting there opening them and missed through.