Hi, Bob. Hi, Tom. We're the law brothers. Ah! One area we've never pursued is auto racing. Oh, sure. We don't know a lot about racing. I mean, we thought you said, what's what you yelled at a day who figured you want to police line up. You know, we're ready to give it a try, though. And back we're both wearing checkered flag briefs. Yeah. When it comes to love, I'm really an eye always finished first. Hahaha. Hahaha. Anyway, Nick and I are co-sponsoring a team in this year's 500, one with a major corporate sponsor. Exactly. So when you're at the track, look for Nick and Sunny's team Vaseline. Oh, sure. Team Voweling is better known, but far money Vaseline is the better lubricant. In fact, four out of five proctologists actually prefer it. Hahaha. Was. We've already petitioned the speedway to rename the garage area Vaseline now. So true, Sunny. Anyway, the fine folks at Vaseline are also providing us with the hospitality tent. Thanks to Vaseline, we could fit twice as many people as most sponsors. Hahaha. And if you stop by our hospitality tent, you'll meet our hostess Clarisse. She'll greet you at the door. Give you a name tag, and take your hat and jacket off. No, Jimmy, required. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. That a bargain, Nick. Hahaha. Anyway, we feel our team will be very competitive. We've hired an entire bit crew of women. First, we refer to them crack McGannas. Hahaha. They're great, Sunny. Although I think they misunderstood our suggestion regarding our love van last night because when we got there, they ejected up in the van. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. You know, guys, it was tough choosing a driver. You know, we went to Linda Vaughn, but she didn't pass the U-Sack inspection. Yeah, it seems her side pods were too large. Hahaha. Anyway, we did hire a lovely gal. Maria said on top of us. She's great. So we made her our backup driver. Hahaha. Yeah, the car is ghost-ponsored by KYG and her she's kisses. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. You know, our number one driver, however. Hahaha. It's none other than the lovely busdie bail. You might remember last year she drove the Fredericks of Hollywood special. The car's nose was covered by a peek of U-BRO. You know, everybody says she's too inexperienced. But Nick and I have firstly watched her do two very hot laps. Yeah. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. And anyway, when busdie wins, we've asked the speed by to have two bottles of milk ready. Hahaha. Hahaha. We don't want her to lose a balance and smother Paul Pays. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. You know, Bob, it's um, we feel busdie will have the best car in the field. It took us all weekend to set her up, but we can now safely say her chassis feels great. Anyway, we're now using good years newest design. Thoripped radios. There are rib for busdie safety and enjoyment. Hahaha. Yeah. And they come at the S.T. Colors. But we asked for the standard black. We found they always look a little bigger. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Why can we bring you such high quality racing? One reason. Because we're the greatest spectacles in racing. We're the law brothers. Hahaha. Haha. Pent 21. At W.O.D. Well, we got some heavy duty stuff to play today, I'll tell you. Seriously. Yes. Six. 10. 10. 10. First, there was Calvin Klein's obsession. Then, Elizabeth Taylor's passion. Now comes an exciting new fragrance inspired by America's number one television star. Introducing Rosemba's Daryel. Hey, girls. You know, women like you and me are never going to look like Liz Taylor. Hey, so why should we smell like her? Just doing I do. Splash some of this joke on until you're a stud mother. You're a stud mother and you kiss your dairy. Imagine how you feel with the rosé and bars. Daryel on your face. Believe me. There's nothing bigger than my dairy hair. Daryel. Just look for the huge pink can. New from Estee Laudebot. 27 after 10 at WIO day, we've got some calls on the board here. That's all. Now you know who that's going to be in Daytona Beach, don't you? What do you want? Walt, this is Walter from Daytona. How are you doing Neil? This isn't Mr. Radeo. No, this is Walter Radeo. Yeah, I've been traveling the state of Florida. Come on. You must have Mr. Radeo in your trunk, Walter. Nobody else causes from Daytona from Mr. Radeo. No, it's true. I've been listening to you since 87. I travel the state and I come down here about once a month. You've been listening since you were 87. You've been listening since you were 87. What a guy. I mean, it's like about 10 years, huh? But anyway, it's all in your own. Pretty soon, Willard Scott will have your picture on the station. Listen, my daughter receives a letter and a t-shirt from Sportsclothaddale to Spring Break 91. It's we were just talking about that. I know. George was telling me during the break that Mayor Cox, if we can still say that in Broward County, says, well, I don't know. Go ahead and give it a shot or not. Is the case may be, you know? She said that in tell us. Who are they kidding? No, yes. She got about six of her friends also received t-shirts. They did a spot thing. They took names at random and sent him to. But she puts the shirt on. It says, I survived spring break in Fort Lauderdale, 1991. Yeah, good luck to them. First they chase all the kids out of here. So get that out. We don't watch you here. You're a bunch of punks and Willard make our money with the senior citizens spring break. And then they were spillin' their prune juice all over the place and drop in their Depends on street and they blew them out of there. So now they'll take anything. Anybody dumb enough to come back. Well, anyway, they had the biggest year that they ever had this past year. And they told them, I think they turned over a million people during Spring Break and the hotels are really happy with it. They're not too bad. I think probably only had like 70 people. They're killing so jumping off to the balcony. Yeah. But they seem to handle it. I mean, it seems to work out. I don't, I hope they don't go back to Fort Lauderdale because my time. They turned over a million people in Broward County too, most of them face down over 11 winestein, but that's another story. Listen, I'm going to be in Miami tomorrow and I'd like to pick up one of those tapes, so I'll stop by and see it for it on 79. Yes, sir. This is just a piece to this game Boulevard couple of blocks. I really enjoy listening to it. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you. You know, your diamond just was a nice style. So I began working nightstanders at janitor in the soul office building. Yes. Just to keep busy, I guess, cousin. Paysbow, men won't wait for it. Any, oh, hey, there's the big cheese now. Hey, how you doing? Hey, where'd you go? Hey, where'd you go? I do, and you have it a pretty tough knife. Yeah, yeah. Good night. Nice. You're going to watch it. And watch the game, didn't I? Yeah, I went across the street, free pizza, beer night over there. I felt pretty tough to get, thought I'd just go watch the game with the fellows over at the bar. Oh, yeah. And I'm just going to listen to it on this old radio here to end tennis, kind of shaking. Come here to the big screen color TV over there. It's the best picture I've seen. Yeah, big screen color. Great picture. I heard it here. Why, I'm sure, like, the big, no. And you know, I got all my work done. It's all really here. You're all done? Yeah, you're supposed to maybe I could. Well, let's say what? Maybe I could. Oh, I got my BMW and the garage. I got a lot of food, Nick. Radio in there. I could pick up the... You can drive anything. No, no. I'll give my car keys. Why don't you clean up my car? I got a wicked stand in the back seat. I just wanted to clean it up with a Simonized. I'll be back at about two hours and I'll maybe I'll bring a piece of pizza. Okay, Dad? Well, that'll listen. Thanks, Laura. Here are my keys. You can't. I'll be back at about two hours. Two hours. Yeah, I can. You're not going to bring... Well, you, ungrateful. You, Esther said you were a worthless. Second son. Hell, you can't be my son. Nobody's that ungrateful. You... Well, I'll take your... And stay in BMW and run that mother right into them. You're the... Damn you, really. You're worth nothing. You're someone's attention. Second good. Sorry, no real thing. Big face. This message brought to you by the National Curseing Foundation. And remember our motto. Go fuck yourself. You're so... 1047 at WIO. When the big tournament money is on the line, Professional women choose Macho tennis ball. Macho. We give women the balls to we. Lake worth. Meow. Yeah. Second time collar here. Amazing. The lake. The first time I called you, I sing a little song to you about the Jewish Chicago Cubs. Oh, that was the classic we played all the time. It's on our table. I know. It's on the table. Yes, my call to thank you for that. For getting on there, I'm going to have to order a couple dozen and distribute them on the river. You're not going to agree with us. You've got a little surprise for a lower one. She goes out into the water for her McFood Amara Stark. The river in the wave is going to be out there waiting for her. Great. I have a question for you. Yes sir. What do Tom McKen in Tomless Sorda having Tom in? Tom McKen and Tomless Sorda. Something to do with shoes no doubt. Yeah. They both have $20 million worth of black loafers. Oh, that's mind-boggling. Yes. Something you have to stop and really absorb. Exactly. A friend from Chicago called me and told me that one. Yeah. So that's out of Chicago. Okay. Well, we'll give him all the credits sir. Okay. I'm going to have a great life. Alright. Tonight on the movie of the week. Just another day in small town America. Oh, be it? I've got fresh cherry pie. I left it to cool on the window ledge. Then it happened. Oh, it's gone. Something snapped in the old girl's brain. What kind of scum would do this? No. She's killer B. Hi there, ain't they? Why, go for her. Is that the cherry stain on your cover all? No. Just lay on her, transformation, please. She's a cold-blooded killer. In sensible shooters. She's killer B. Now, floors. I've got to ask you one question. Did you cut my pie into six pieces? Only five. Hi. How cool. This may be... Oh, this may be... Oh, this may be... Oh, matter that all haunted. Even matter beneath the hammock. Now I pay. We got to place around it. That's right. I got my bullets too. Are you coming in there with your hands up here? Did you not hear why it comes? Beware, got killer B. He just may bury you. Doctor's killer B. Right after Charles Manson and Charles tonight on the movie of the week. New from the makers of America's Funniest Home Video. Bob Zankin' his back. Feeling sorry for the senior citizens. It's America's Funniest Home Exodus. Oh, get it. No, I feel... Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. See, Nile and America is picking a man. Oh, where's it? I'm sure, do everybody know. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh! I saw you running the car. Ow, ow, ow. Oh, oh. It's amazing.иров drones that slipped a handwheel nearby through義 to power snubs under the corridors. Oh, Hey, sorry, hello. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. How! They're coming up someday. Yeah. Well, up rich, it really feels like a towering climb up. This bark on a well-deserved shore leave in Manico. I walk into the bar room of the Princess Palace, wearing a run-dmc t-shirt and reptile vagines. Suddenly I realized everyone was wearing tuxedo's. I was a guest. Don't miss the underdressed world of Jankusto. In my embarrassment, I dive into the punch ball where I encounter my son Philip snorkeling around the Sherbet. Don't I hate on PBS? Fort Lauderdale. Hi Neil. Good morning. How are you? Okay. Excellent. Let's everybody calm down. Take a deep breath. Yeah. I'm showing good news. Markets up 99 cents. Can't make up its mind whether the screamer he'd have been handed to day the market. Absolutely. Or just go to the market and buy a banana. Or scream any of the banana. And stick it in Marvin's pants. So anyhow? Well, a no longer aversion. Yeah. I have my first white hide at Arnold's. Great. Is that place like built to the monument? You could buy another one in the stick it in Marvin's pants too. Would that be something? And either with the banana. You could have a two for one sale. Absolutely. It's about hot sauce on the third. Yeah. So anyway, what is it? That the place is like a monument. Well, he's kind of turned it into a nearly palace over there. The guy's just gone wild and he's got all the pictures and it's just amazing. But when you kind of think that I lived in the back over there. You would think. Yeah. I went in there about 11.45 at night. Right. It was fun. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of a real homey place down to Earth. You're a real, yeah. It's like something you see in maybe areas. Yeah. Kind of takes you away back to those good old days when you used to go into Robinhoods on Levernoi and Detroit. You know, I never went into Robinhoods. Well, that's so you missed out. I know. Fire tuck you steeped there all the time. Yeah. You know what they needed to try to win that out of that? Well, you know, there is one there. But for obvious reasons, I guess they don't use it. Yeah. Not a real good idea. They're especially my midnight. Yeah. It's better to go right inside and be up close and personal. Absolutely. You know, I did have some birds beer all the time. Yeah. That's interesting. It really is. What's the difference between birds beer and roop beer? Oh, my God. You can't taste the roop beer is more like brown and birch beer is more like reddish. It's got more of a, um, uh, how do I describe it? How do you describe how something tastes? Well, yeah. You don't have to know about it. No, but there's, uh, they don't even look the same. That's true. And roop beer's got a bigger head. Oh, so to speak. Yeah. But listen, um, where did you get the, I mean, why did you see the only person of the birds beer because they were hard to live in. Besides. Well, it used to be very popular. It was, uh, it kind of like takes you a back like I said. The days when, uh, you know, these to have the fountains would cherry coax in birch beer. It's like an oldie moldy thing. I got to. I guess it was the format. In fact, when they leave the big containers of it in here on the floor, and you have to know, and I come in the next morning, oldie and moldy is the best way to describe it. I hear that. We're having our own little laboratory here at W.I.O.D. Well, but I'm glad you enjoyed it. Thank you. Hey, did you catch a touch, a quarter of the L.M. last night? No. Yeah, he was on there. He was saying that, uh, him and Vowl when they, they made I get married, but if they do, he says the missile is going to come on the show and say, uh, wait, they can't get married because their brothers and their brother and sister. Yeah, there you go. Wow. Okay, grab it. This clear all productions presents. Possibly the most important concert of our time. She made a little bit of the concert to get she made O'Connor some hair. She made a feature in John Bond Jovich. Sure, millivineelate, Marge Simpson, anybody on MTV and many many more would hear to spin. Check your blow dryers at the door for she made a the concert that's head and shoulders above the rest. To get available, I find her some lawns everywhere. Oh, geez, and we're blue because if we had that other car ready, he could say, Sting car, the desert, and don't give our a match. Okay, boy, we're doing it today. I'll turn it at that 24 after 11 at W.I.O.D. Somebody just dropped off and brought. Man, you people are sleep at a day. Your day, Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in O'Palaca, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Un... believable. Oh, terminal. There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami-Herald yet? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just say no to L-Herald, sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue hair don't bags from femoral pines. You know, the young pines, who's like, oh, Neil, how can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I get you anything? How about those bag boys at W.I.N.D.C. You know, it doesn't hurt to love. In credible Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what? I got a night. A night. What's the new follow-got? Three points on the thing? Send your tax deductible contributions today in Care of Hot 105. Oh, terminal. Unfeelable. A car for the day, son. It's a full fledged liberal. Help the poor. She's a poor woman. Oh, no, this one dad. I'm ready. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Hunting the wild, raving liberal is just one of the swell things you can do at George Boyz Garden. Ah, baby. George Boyz Garden. You want rights? Well, George Boyz Garden's has him. There's the Pirates of Hot over in Scandaland. The civil rights careous cell. We've got that one running backwards. And, here comes my favorite, Boyz Mountain. The world's only flat, rolly coaster. Oh, there's Danny the clown. I'm the vice president, you know. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. What a bozo. So visit George Boyz Gardens. Come wrapped in an American flag and get in for half price. George Boyz Garden. Every day he takes him's life for you. George Boyz Gardens where every day seems like four years of interstate 95 in Caniburth Port. Yeah, we'll be right over. Hey, no kids, I'm hungry. Let's stop for lunch. Yeah. Hey, dad, let's go to the big nose. All right. Yeah. Come to zero in all the earth. The joints bring a family to the nose. Yes, it's zero in all the burger joint. Fast food from a big nose. Just drives through the right nostril and place your order. Fun jerk, can I get your birthday? At zero nose, you can get a big honor with cheese, French five nose noodles and a large plenty of the nose. Yeah, for just 99 cents. That's beautiful some I hear. Hey, mom, zero nose cooks everything in local, estrosinos, Zoma. So follow your nose to the big nose, zero nose. Zero nose, diva, rejoice, when you're hungry. Big nose. Okay, 11.50, Volca. Hello. Yes, sir. And think I have a call about two calls. Do those talk about the track? Yeah. Is that lead to let? Lead you lead. Sounds like lead to lead to lead. That's serial. No. Anyway, I'm in coheret lead you lead. Pass. Yeah. He was a good guy, just a terminal. No boring. Anyway, yes, sir. Did Rocky five premiere this weekend? You're asking me, I wouldn't go see a Sylvester Stallone movie if you paid me $100 a second. I'm just wondering because while you're earlier, earlier college, we used to work absolutely. Oh, were they? Didn't you know, sir? No, I'm trying to avoid it at all cost. Come on. Ricky, take his body. Wonder why the country is just loaded with the mental midgets, with more ons running around from coast to coast. Hmm. Moose rocking movies. Yeah, that'll do it to you. Ricky, take his body for us. Yes, sir. I had a radio accident. And I'll wait into the heavy duty crap. Yeah. I have an appointment station up and he was talking up a record. Yeah. It was a song by Neil Young I think. He goes while you're here with Rick and Neil. And he goes young that is the you can listen. I had a half hour 45 minutes and there's absolutely nothing on the air. Except this guy is a jerk. That lady is a whatever. And so I wanted on and on and on and on. I mean, there's no discussion of situations of events of social problems or anything else. It's just shock and radio. OK. I like letting me get out of his system every now and then. Yeah. Takes the camp off and like a bigger explosion up there just all that steam pours out. And then they kind of like iron his head at the same time. OK. You're getting hits and your brides only 12. You need to stay in a special hotel. She's jail-bated. So make a date at $1,800. Hey, go to fire. Well, I hate this and the old killer has failed. Javilly Lewis with a weapon you knew they were. Believe me, I know how tough it is when you're Maria. 15-year-old. But it's even tougher this time when I go on your honeymoon. I mean, you liked about hummus and she wants to ride a pole there. You're old. That's my eye opened up the three-thousand-fowse honeymoon hotel. Every room has a lot of coffee. But the oven we provide cooked-limitory champagne and chocolate milk. Just listen up if it's to your old Roman stone. No one in his teenage bride. This great. Yeah, and the waiters even cut up my steak too. So cool. Come and check in the chair and leave his plate bowl to buy a honeymoon hotel. Cool, like a mason. When in Rome, do a Roman pole-lenscale. Wow! Waiter! He's our body-by. Every moment he's the owner-life. He's the real step such a bunch of guy. He's body-by. I'm a deadly weapon to the walking bottom. Wait to go off. Where is manly Barley his toe? Mr. Capacorck. I can't drop him up. He's the beauty uniform in hand. He's our hero. Welcome, man. Come on, man. Wait, that means you're home alone. Or he's like anybody 100 pounds liner. This is the body of a judo fight. He's doing this with the moon. There's no delirity. Kind of a flinger guy. What's the matter? Ticking maybe we had fun. Don't play with your blue seat. I don't play that play. He's our boy's five. James Monst got nothing on this guy. I am not a monster. I am not a monster. You're a monster. I'm a TV. Look at him. He's a real step such a bunch of guy. Okay, at 1225, a WOD, he fat reaches here. And I have in my hand right now. This is one of the most exciting things in history. Unbelievable. Marketstone, Lebanon, and have points. In fact, it's been a long time since I've had anything this exciting in my hand. I'll tell you that right now. I have six tickets. These are upper deck 50 yard line. That great panoramic view right in midfield. Unbelievable for the dolphin Raider's game Monday night. So I got him in my position. I have all six tickets right here. And we'll draw tomorrow three pair. Another one's a good boy in pairs. And there'll be three lucky winners. So everybody who buys a T-shirt or a tape or a combination of whatever. For a Camille House, can fill out an entry blank and put in little box and then sometimes during the show. We'll draw for the three pair. I am sick and tired of this commercial with a lady comes on and says, my son told me about preparation age for my hemroidal symptoms. Now, why should I listen to him? Well, because he's also a doctor. Madam guys. Even if I was a doctor, I don't think I want to be examining my mother's roars. I don't need the money that bad, ma. I guess that's every kid in mid schools dream come true. Does he bend over, ma? Let's see what you're pulling. Now, if you want to truth Bob and I can tell by looking at you, you do. You know what that commercial should say. You want people to believe it? She's saying, my son told me about preparation age for my hemroidal symptoms. Now, why should I listen to him? Well, because he drives a truck across country. And he's got piles hanging out of him like a clumper, greats. Ha-ha-ha! There's a mill, it's not. Who needs to keep getting mud who's saying? Things just bring down and work. This guy is really a jerk who's saying. What's those gas prices guy? I don't want to get those gas saying. When you're feeling your day, remember when you're saying, you say, you need to scrap what is crap or the man who's saying. Oh, while I was coming, then this guy needs to down to say. Oh, while I was coming, then this guy needs to down to say. Took his show on the run, got everybody the old who's saying. Now he's telling his dudes, because in everyone's blues who's saying. He's a man who's saying. Figured he had it made sure he'll be like the blockade who's saying. He's a scrap like his crap or the man who's saying. He's a scrap like his crap or the man who's saying. What are 41? I think we can go up. Well, really depending on the mail, the mail ever coming in today. I guess everybody's well forget about it. What a bunch of crap, huh? What are they doing over there at the post office? What the hell do they do all day? Each other? Oh, is it? I'm sure delivery time is. Oh, I'm coming. Bye, bye, bye, and I can't go. It's more than just boo-boos, bloopers and practical jokes. It's real life. How cute, dude. I've fallen in a cage, you know. So the next time you see an old fart ball, don't help him up. Catch him on your camcorder for America's buddy. Oh, oh, oh, maximum. Okay, they're going to be a taping out on Hell and Dale Beach Boulevard. This afternoon between two and three. So be sure to go out and check that out just before the J walking will live. Tonight on the cheese channel. All right, all right, just quite hot. Game-cappard stars in welcome back, Ricotta. Mr. Ricotta. Oh, okay. Oh, how cut that cheese? And then cheese muggarret's back in our party five. Oh, yeah. You're over there this one. They shouldn't have the limboger baby. Oh, Daniel, that really stinks. And then on midnight blue theater, Linda Longhorn practices her craft in deep goat cheese. Oh, oh, oh, oh. And tomorrow night, don't miss Breeze company. The ropeford files and married with cheddar right here on the cheese channel. The cheese channel. Oh, oh, oh. 1007 at WIOD. Is this hump day? That's what they say in Aliquipe of Pennsylvania on Wednesday. Spencer, what do you want? You need about $20 for what? I don't got $20. All my money is at Pompano Park. I haven't got two nickels to rub together, Spencer. Rub this. No, no, no, no, no. Yeah, yeah, I got bills all right. You want my Spencer, by the way, is very nice this morning. He said he's going to just bring in the coupons next week. He's going to pay my next to car payments, all three cars. What a guy. What a hell of a guy. Just roll out that roll and turn it loose, Spencer. Triggered loose. At a boy, get out of here, Spencer. You're getting on my nerves. Anyway, it's 12 minutes. I have one or two items I want to mention about good friend of ours. Steve Kane, while we come back for the last time. And they will do that in a second. Anyway, I just want to not going to make a big deal out of this. I just want to take two minutes and kind of like put this behind me, because I'm not, I'm really disgusted. I'm really nauseated. I'm sure he's listening right now. There's some people who know how to do a talk show. And there's some people who know how to go on the air and be responsible. And who can play the game. And I take a lot of shots at people, but I try to do them in a humorous way. And he has some of my vicious, but still humorous. And they're not real personal. Like I don't say, you know, so-and-so is a child molester. So-and-so is a line that anybody with common sense was in his business, knows where to draw. Steve's problem is he has never known where to draw that line. And just before I came here a couple of years ago, he was having a lot of problem and drawing the line with me. Now he's having problems and drawn the line with the requiredly. And Steve, it's really pathetic. If you're that desperate, and I really mean this, if you're that desperate to try to build an audience, and you have nothing else to offer, then you should have stuck with leather wine style. That's all I can say for you. Okay? And I'm not-in-nobody and spot anything he says on here, nobody has come to me at any point. Because they don't tell me what to say. They haven't said, don't mention his name, don't let the caller talk about him. We've had a few people call in talk about him, and if you want up until now, that's fine. As of now, my own decision is, I'm not giving a guy any more publicity after this two or three minutes. Because it's pathetic. And I'm sure when Hank comes on next Tuesday, he's going to try to draw Hank suck him into a big shouting match, to try to draw attention himself. Steve reminds me of the little kid who's always jumping up and down to get attention and pointing at himself. Like, look at me, whatever, to try to get attention. And it ain't going to happen. Because you not only cross the line, all this crap about Rick is having a marital problem, you know, just make it up as you go along. Just like you made up the crap about how Disney came to me, you know, callers are a lot of Neil's show to mention Steve's name. You just make it up as you go along. Where's the credibility in that? Where's the credibility, babe? It doesn't exist. And when I was on Zeta for a year, I did something that just infuriated him. I just didn't talk about it. He's small potatoes is what I said. And quite frankly, I agree. And anybody who believes that Hank Goldberg or anybody else is going to go on in the afternoon to replace Rick and Sussan or sit in there doing a five-four share, which is the biggest afternoon drive number of this radio stations ever had in the modern history of this market. With the best demographics this station has ever had in afternoon drive, is not. So when it comes to credibility, all I can say to you Steve, I would like I've said before, I wish you no bad luck, but if you have to do it, at somebody else's personal expense and a down, deep down and dirty and lie in way, then I feel sorry for it's pathetic. You're making a full lot of yourself. Get all your people, get your Ellis Ruben and get your urin lady and get all your chronic and do your stick, okay? Because that's what you do. But to have to denigrate yourself to get that, I mean yeah, I poke fun at people I talk about people being, you know if he wanted to say Rick Rally's a dodo bird, he's dumb dumb dumb with that song, whatever, ugly, whatever, that's one thing. But there's a line and Steve has not, he hasn't got any clue and when they first kind of like squeezed him out of here, I didn't understand it. And when he got candid New York and they didn't want any part of him back, I didn't understand it. Now after just a week and a half, I understand it clearly. Clearly. And like I said, most people who do a talk show, they go on the ear, they know what you can say and what you can do and where you draw the line, he doesn't. He has no clue. And when you're flailing around that desperately, I understand you know when he reminds me of waiters and waitresses who work for nothing and they work their tails off, okay? I'm not denigrating them, but they work for nothing, they have to work for tips and that's basically what he has come to at this point. He's working for nothing has to go out generate his own business and so he's desperate. But you're not going to tag along for the ride here because as of this moment, I'm making my own decision. Nobody has come to me and said, oh don't talk about Steve, they don't care. Small potatoes. I'm not going to waste my time anymore, okay? I'd rather talk about something exciting like the Maple Leafs, there's anything. It's sad, it's really pathetic. I'm embarrassed for you and I remember when Alex Bennett was on this station, did that tasteless and grotesque thing, which I thought was really crap. We could play the cart, but I won't waste my time doing it. I remember somebody getting all Ben out of shape. Because it was in very poor taste and it sucked and I agree with that. And I still agree. But it sounds to me now like the pot calling the kettle puke Steve really crap. Really weak, embarrassing. Almost as weak as that signal. 10-23 at WIOD, that's all I got to say about it. I'm not going to conduct any conversations. There are the segment of the audience at listens to him or power. Two, you have a great time, but I'm not going to feed him. I have no ride. 10-30 at WIOD. George is a little bit surely this morning because he was hoping to come over to floor as this afternoon, hang out via star from 2-4. And the next day, I'll be back in the morning. Hang out via star from 2-4. And they didn't complete the pay phone challenge yesterday. What happened? Oh, Jim Jensen, I heard by the way, that was a good hour from my left mummies from lunch. It's about 4-15. I listened all the way home. Excellent. He was good. What is it? Marvin had problems. Well, that's unusual. Listen it for Marvin and have problems. Marvin was born with a problem. You know what it's called? Life. Man, somebody ought to stick something in his pants today. Like a red hot poker is Robbie Benson would say in one on one. Speaking of movies, I saw the strangest, most bizarre movie two nights ago. On the satellite, it was with Zach Galligan from that TV show Galligan's Island. From Grimmlins, he was in. And it's called, um, I have no idea. I, well, I don't know names of movies. Okay, there are a lot of things I can't remember in that's one of his names of movies. Or actors or actresses, things like that. Some I do remember when they stick out in my mind. It's called a morbid obsession or some stupid thing like that. Something mortal passions, morb something. And it's one of those movies that you watch the entire thing because it, uh, it's, uh, it's got its interesting moments. And you get to the end after like, it was long too. It was like at least two hours long. And you get to the end of the movie and the last, they, they don't know how to end movies. How many movies have you seen? Where the ending left you with a bad taste in your mouth? And this was another one. You sit there and you feel like at the end of two hours that you've been cheated, that you could have been like, uh, walking the dogs or doing anything. And the ending, you just sitting there, uh, holding a pillow and, uh, oh, man, it just, and saying, boy, this house sure doesn't need a lot of work or something like that. And that's the end of the movie. After his brother and his wife both, uh, get, go off the, uh, deep end. They both killed somebody. They go off in a car and a brother, forza, and they rolled down the cliff and the car blows up and they're both dead. And he's sitting there in the middle of this house, this mansion he inherited, holding the pillow, talking to himself like a bozo. Boy, was that great? What time was the movie and who was in it? I just got to, I mean, if they don't know what the movie is from that description, it was with Zach Gallagher. And I have no idea who the other people. How many movies has he been and besides Gremlins? And it's a story about his brother and a psychotic wife and she's, uh, uh, running around with some other guy and then, uh, the brother shoots the guy and and she, uh, they, they both die in a car wreck at the end and the brother, the guy, yeah, it's crazy. And like I said, the ending is on satisfactory. They don't know how to end movies. It's like, um, talk about a bad ending. It's like that. What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? Punta time in America? Now the uncut version. Can we say uncut still? I don't know. The unedited version of that movie is like three and a half hours long, at least. And I like the movie, but the ending sucks. One time I had Bill Cosford on and we tried to figure out what the ending of the movie means. Nobody knows. Nobody has any idea what the ending means. Did he get chopped up in the aback of that garbage truck or nobody knows? Was it all like as some people think it was an opium, uh, the guy was on an opium trip and the whole thing was a dream? What does that mean? How can you sit for three and a half hours? And then one of the possibilities is that maybe the whole thing was just a dream. Oh man. Cole Gables. Hey, hey, how are you doing? Okay, frustrated. Yeah, I know. I had the same feeling about that movie. Did you see? Did you see it? What? No, once a moment of time in America? Oh, that movie. Yeah. What a crappy ending. It was a good movie, but the ending was just left you. Lin. My friends came over to see it. Remember when a first came out on, on, on, um, video. And we're all sitting there looking at you and saying, well, what's quiet? I mean, here's a movie. Leave you limp and Peter North wasn't even in it. I don't understand. I don't need there. I don't need there with the real crappy movie. Anyway, I lost my job yesterday. Congratulations, sir. Huh? Congratulations. Hey, that nice. Yeah, now you're independent. You can be your own man. Well, how would all these other people put independent? Hey, listen, it's, uh, nothing's perfect. Anyway, I held on. I, uh, uh, I called for the ticket, but I still, I don't want to be like everybody else. It's already spoken for me. I know, I know. I wanted to hold on. Because I didn't want to be like everybody else. Well, now they're all lit up, but that won't last. They, they're not fooling me. I know this audience like a book. I really do. Yeah. If I have eight million people listening in the one days, they do it collectively. That's what I don't understand. How can you figure that out in an area of four million people how they like get together? And they decide the same. Well, for a week or two, we're just going to lay back. Yeah, well, I don't want to be like everybody else in this, just as, as you said, it's a way. Well, I say this to you. Sir, you're a great American. I've got to have a whole pack of helium today. I'll keep it. I'll keep it. I'll keep it. Oh, my. I feel great. Congratulations on your anniversary. Thanks a lot. Take care. Good luck, Paggy. You'll need it. Okay, 1048. I love that helium tank, but that stuff doesn't last too long. You just got to take a real deep hit of that in the last for, well, it's still a little bit there, you know, Miss? Like about 46 RPM. We have an open line in Palm Beach, 6559463655. We don't care and we want you to know. We still don't have the name of that movie. What is wrong with you, people? Are you just in another universe? Gee. How many times has this happened? You know what bugs me? People will say, well, gee, you've got to go see a good fellow. Okay, I don't go see current movies because they've got to, I've got 400 movie channels. Okay, I don't need to go out and get all night gum on the bottom of my shoes and smell that. I don't want to go to Rome and we'll be theaters from like the popcorn and the candy. It's like sickening. It's like, yeah, you just want to bar fall over the place. I don't need that. And then you got some yentas talking out loud next to you. I got my big 46 inch Sony there. I want to watch it in peace, okay? Of course, the dogs are busy making all kinds of noise and going nuts too. I want to be just like that guy who called before that I hung up on. It was going to go to the game by himself. I just want to be like isolated in a room all by myself. Like I am right now with the windows closed like in an isolation chamber cut off from the rest of the world. No dogs, no noise, no crap. Just my my big tank of helium. That's all I need. What is that? Very no, not buried alive. That's not even closed buried alive. Very this buried alive. What the hell is that? Do I need a little more description? I just give like the whole play by play that'll kill a whole show today. How many movies are there that Zach Galligan is in where his wife is cheating on him and his brother comes to visit. And a brother kills the wife's boyfriend and the Mark, he's that Galligan is psychotic in to try to kill himself and he's inherited this big mansion and he's got $240,000 in cash and a thing in a bank and a safe deposit box. And the brother near the end of the movie wants to run off with it and goes in and takes all the money and then he finally leaves it behind and takes the wife who's been kicked out by Zach Galligan. They get in the car and he goes off into like the cornfield somewhere, which I didn't even know they had cornfields in California and he floors it and they go over this cliff and they get killed. Is that enough description for you? Do you want me to describe like when they're in the sack? I mean like every pimple on everybody's body? Would that do it for you? Don't you people know anything? It's 1052 at WIOD or Information Station and will be right back. Mortal Passion. Yeah, you got to write there. Somebody called in during the break. Finally, I let out a... Yeah, I haven't watched it yet but I don't know. Don't waste your time. Now, have you watched first power yet? First power? Yeah. What's that? It's that's the panic movie with them. I can't remember the guy's name. Lude Diamond Philip. Yeah, that's it. Is it good? It's weird. It's weird but you can't remember. Yeah, most of the movies now are strange and the ending sucks, you're right. It's real bad. Okay. I'm going to play Majoggan instead. Don't waste your time. See ya. All right, they get you now. Markets up six points. Speaking of Satanic crap, yesterday, Haraldo. I get sucked into Haraldo. No, seriously, because I watch... What's on? Oh, I know. I watch guiding light when I'm watching TV on 4 on 6 on CBS and then at 4 in that hour, these two incipit game shows including the one with Jimmy Theffalo. Oh, excuse me. And then it's five. I mean, I'm sitting near the dogs who drive, I mean, nuts that I'm reading the paper, whatever. And it's five Haraldo comes on. And I can't stand him. But sometimes the topics are interesting, like the USB and the nons and things like that. And all that's not, I guess, anything, any news. But the bottom line is yesterday he's doing this Satanic stuff. And then the beginning, they show this pictures of some guy sucking the blood out of a chicken. I mean, here it is. Five o'clock any afternoon. You people over there at Channel 6. It's just getting in the dinner hour. What is this a new diet plan? Man. They're showing some of these pictures of people do all these grotesque. It reminds me of working at INZ and Zato over there in Carroll City. That all these Santa Rea people up the street. Man, what are chickens? And of course, you only see the chickens and goats once. When you drive, you drive it in the morning. They'd all be out there in the street and he'd come out to go home. They'd all mysteriously have disappeared. I guess it was a good close to lunchtime. And they had these poor people on his son had been murdered by these crazy cultists. And he satinist and they had cut off his head. And then, oh, Haraldo, I, and of course he gets into this thing where he's like so concerned. And he rolls up his sleeves. And he looks in the camera. We have to take a break. But, what'd be right back? Shaking you said, who the hell are you kidding Haraldo? You phony piece of crap? You make me sick. They should have stuck him in Edmonton, Chicago, you know what? Al Capone's vault. They should have stuck Haraldo in there. We could have taken a, we could have raised big money for that. Miami Beach. Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? Beats are hell out of me. Mordled passions is the name of that movie. Mordled passions? Don't waste your time. The ending is pathetic. Is there, right? Yeah. Is that a bulletin? No, it's not a bulletin. It's just, uh, these people, you know, don't probably bitch butt parking now. Yeah, okay. What's I to hearing about it? Okay, geez. Give it a rest. We already know that. Talk about beating a dead horse. It's like Donald Briner, whipping and driving through the stretch 400 likes behind the field, beating a dead horse. We have two open lines. You're both in Dave County. They damn well better be filled up by the time we get back. We're going to be pretty upset about it, right? We don't care. 1109 at Wild. Well, we got some pizza here from Florida, Sanri. How do you like that? We can't have a dolphin ticket for it, but we might have a slight of pizza. Somebody know he once said, Chris got him fired. 1109 at Wild. All right, let's crack open those boxes of pizza. Have a slice or two. Getting a good mood here after a surly start this morning. What the hell is wrong with the took us an hour just to get the name of that movie? Make a lot of noise while you're opening the bag. Henry of course is either opening a bag or in the bag all the time. One of the other, a combination of both. Oh, it's an anti-poth dough. Is Boris Carl off in there too? Why did they used to do that? Why did they always say, have Boris Carl off saying anti-poth dough? Why was that? Sir, isn't that right? Well, he looked like he never ate an anti-poth dough quite frankly. I said that bad cut in it or something like that. If you don't get that pizza open pretty soon, you are so slow and ponderous Henry. It just, I mean, I didn't realize when he could. Now, that's got mushrooms on it. How about the other one? Just pepperoni, we hope. I hope that that's all bad, but it's got the washrooms. What's that? Oh, beautiful. Look at that pie. Oh, man. It looks almost too good eat. But the past them over here. Carl springs. Hello, yes, Neil. Yes, Ralph. Renek, are you the rat? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The good snooze, be yours, Ralph. That's a menu. Thank you, you're always... Well, we sure miss your Ralph, I'll tell you that's the story in voice that boring delivery man. That was, that's when men were men and so was, really on a bravo. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. We've met a couple of times. You know, I told my cousin things I'd like to donate to Camille, South. Great. I'm a assistant manager at a movie theater and we're going to new movie coming out next week. Cold dance with the wolves. I'd like to donate 25 pairs of tickets to it. Great. How do we get them? I could bring them down to you probably one day next week. Great. And if you give them out on the air or something, they can use these at any general cinema. Okay. Thanks, Lou. Well, make them the cheese a little more binding with that. We'll give them to one of the remotes, like to the first to 25 people who cough up a check for Camille, South, and buy something. That would be good. Yeah, like a little bonus. Yeah, I'd like to see you do that. Okay. Or, you know, mention it on the air. How about mortal passion? You don't have that movie show. No, no, no, no, no. Good. I'm fine. No, we got good fellas. Got Rocky. Hmm. I'll find you one more thing about Rocky 5. I'm going to puke this pizza all over the table. Yeah, yeah, I've had enough of that. Everything that's wrong with the world is on. So, vesters to learn space, okay? Okay. All right. Is there a number I can call to hold on one second. WiodD Georgia's eating hold on. Got some pizza? Hold on. Now, what is it, sir? Is there a number I can call to get, you know, your business office or something, so I can bring those tickets down. Yeah, it's a date number. I don't know the Broward number and I don't want to be bothered with it. 759-4311. You can, you're probably using somebody else's phone anyway. 759-4311. Yeah, we'll want to do that now. Yeah, great. Okay. Okay, appreciate it. And we'll thank you in advance. Okay. All right. I'll bring them down one day next week. Thanks, Ralph. Thank you. See you. Good day. 12 minutes after 11, Ralph, Renek Jr. If I had to goddamn teeth, I'd take outside. Kick my own damn ass. You come on here. And you bash me. And it's very obvious, you two guys are out of work and you want the afternoon shift around here. It's the most tasteless thing I've ever heard in my life. And I'm driving the work. I have a show to do and I'm getting ticked off at you. If I had the ability to do, I take you out here right now. Kick your goddamn teeth then. Like a bill, it is probably the key word.