That's it. Matter of fact, I'm going to be as guest to the last two hours on Monday. There's a plug. On steam? Yeah. 46. Are you serious? Yeah. You want to be a little bit more like it just getting good out. Well, maybe they can sign up. Yeah. Can you direct a few comments or something? Yeah. Well, I just want to make it clear right at the outset that Tom and I have been doing the show for about 10 or 11 years now. I mean, it's easier. And we've had our moments. Especially when your wife got psychotic. I just read with something you wrote and she had the new Rogers Boo doll, and we're still in Pennsylvania. I always do. These are about there. Yeah. But basically, Tom and I get along great and we'll continue to do so. And we have some very strong disagreements about a lot of things. For example, I'm still waiting for my dick cat for article to come out. Yeah. But I'm not going to get into a feud with you because you and Rick Riley hate each other like poison. I am fascinated. I don't understand what that's all about though. Well, you know, you were a witness to it. I mean, the guy could come charge in any of it. You hated him before that. No, I didn't. I mean, I was kind of in different toys. And he has a very important thing. I think he was worth the event. So that's worth the. By the way, is Jeff bringing food for Tom from Pizza law? Yeah, what do you think? I would say he has starved fever stuff. I mean, he does. Oh, yeah. Tell him bring tons of food because Tom looks like he's starving over here. You know, I say, you know, and then he came in here and acted like a total jerk. And, you know, I made him a, you know, he was just all upset that I didn't write a column. Then I asked time he got fired at the waxing. And I made him a promise that when he gets fired here, I'll write a column. And I doubt that there'll be one before that. All right, we're coming back to that. Obviously, I'm spending more than two, three hours on it. But speaking of waxy. Oh, I think he's cold and all. I mean, you know, yeah, say something. That was the most embarrassing. And I kept waiting to hear it. I heard you like, I mean, I just got mad at by the moment. And you know, I want to say in the fence of your doubt. I mean, he was as annoyed as I was when I walked in in the morning. You know, I had to get up like quoted to five in the morning to get up there. They had been promoting it all week. And I walked in. He shows me this memo that he's got from that program. Well, that's so cool program director they have. We will not discuss other stations. We will not discuss other personalities. We will not. Well, well, what was they left to discuss the weather? Whether we were in the dark. Yeah. And then, you know, they would do it. And Greg had hoped that morning that he would be able to do a show. You know, so I said, the format wise like to this, that, you know, they ditch some of the music anyway. And we talk and we talk like we do about the market and about what was going on. You know, what's his name and says in the afternoon? Well, why were you there in their first place though? That's what I'm wondering because there was so much music going on, especially after Reed Thury, which is when I was looking at him. No, it's not for nine to nine three. I don't think you said anything. No. And well, I said, Greg had been asking me for a long time. Could you come up and I kept putting them off and putting them off. And mainly, if you know, the reason I had to get up at court at a five to get up there and made for a real long day. So finally, he called one up again and he said, listen, going, my promise, and can you make it? So I said, OK, and we made it to date. No, and you know, and like I said, they promoted it all week. Like I was going to have a role in the program and really nothing to do. They played 20 minute music breaks. They're two minutes in between. You know, and all they had was that people calling up wanted to know what the magic money phrase or whatever it is that gimmick they do. That was the only calls we got. And I was at the calls that got well set up, right? Which ones were that? Oh, there were a few calls I heard like from, Oh, I don't know, different characters. It was one. Oh, yeah, yeah. It was all set. It was what was named. It was all set up. Yeah, yeah, there was no it was nothing like what I thought it would be. And again, it wasn't Greg's fault. He thought he'd be able to put that one more and they'd make an exception. But this guy runs that. He's a, I talked to him after the program. Not about that about other things. Ooh, so what's going on over there? What is the change? Does anybody know? No change. They had a big meeting. All the rumors were they're going to make a big meeting in the music. They were immune. I mean, I'll tell you what, the one thing the program directed did. He called me that afternoon. Even though I hadn't heard the rumors because I was in the office. He said, I guess you heard the rumors. This is no, I haven't. He says, well, they're not true. I says, well, what's not true? And he's when I changing anything. You know, the format's staying exactly the same. Wow. But I tell you what, what's his name left a lot of fans over there. You know, because of this so-called few that Rick Rally. Yeah. It's such a part. But all morning long people were coming in. You know, volunteering stories about, you know, what a rectum or a facility is. I mean, just personally after person, Secretary's cleaning people. I mean, everybody over there. So another big day. If you don't have to, you hate him like, boys. Everybody in Waxy hates him like you do to. No, I don't hate him like poison. Close. Yeah, like fan tasting medicine. Okay. Do we have a book by the way? Can we get the summer books? Some of you get a book and interview. See it the whole book? I've only seen it. They sent me the 12 plus. That's always a whole book. And you come here. We do a right. We give you a pumpkin. We bring in pizza law. What does come from the kitchen? You were at the breeder's cup. Yeah. Oh, I cried like that. You know, I was thinking of you being there when I watched that. And then never in all of years. I've been going to the track for 30 years and I've never seen so much, so bad. Happened. And so not only, you had three horses destroyed, and they were the broken collar bone. And then the finish of the first race, I'll screwed up because they're well as you ended the child. Yeah. And it just seemed like the whole day was like a cloud hanging over it. And then they had the only 50,000 people. Just a weather was garbage a day before. What a disaster. Oh, it was just a, you know, if we don't get the breeder's cup back after the last side of the day. It was just so totally unplayed. when I left for the track in the morning I left early because the anticipated crowd which turned out not to be that great anyway. I was 36 degrees. That's no way that a lot and I have a good time. I suppose they had seats there for 18,000 people and the worst thing that you could do, you could not sit and know seats all day long. You think I saw, if you would have died of pneumonia before the afternoon was over because the way Gulf Stream is built so that the sun is not in people's faces all day, the sun sinks over the grandstand by noon time. So you were an absolute shade with this wind whipping by. The wind shill fact to had to be in the 20s. Nobody would have you know the besides what happened on the racetrack it was impossible to have a good time. I mean all mine. You see Gulf Stream was afraid. No, yeah well like then and you know one of the things that's kind of amusing is Gulf Stream had all those problems last year with the racetrack and who did they bring down? They brought down Joe King who does the strip at Bellmont and you know after what happened Saturday you get who wow. But he's the guy who's redesigning the rebuilding of the world. Well, I was just saying you were there so you didn't see the TV thing on NBC but they kept like they were talking to a Greg McHerran without on the outwriter and he kept saying well you know there's got to be something wrong in a course to D Wayne Lucas when that's Lucas the day before they had horses that had that broke down. Oh, two of them try. I had one of them. Yeah why not try I had and then Lucas lost earlier in the week. A failure was a full sister to house but what is she worth and she broke down and he had this track of real deep. I mean you know it's hard to tell I'm telling it but yeah well it was real sandy what what had happened was on Monday I didn't go up until Wednesday but on Monday they had seven inches of rain overnight and so they didn't really put much water into the track and so it just got real deep and sandy and it was just the spingy sand in and anyway yeah so it just wasn't good in defense of the track you know two of the horses who died Mr. Nickus and took a heart attack you can't blame that on the track and and the shake and it tripped over Mr. Nickus and so you can't blame that on the track but there was two of them down on Friday and the Lucas spilling in and really what it happened was go from one just over extended to sell and and the crime is that like ruffian yeah exactly she racing gets a cold and the crime was that that probably would have been remembered as the greatest race since the front of Alida I had by a color and I didn't want to win I mean when I went out and had I cry I'm not ashamed to say I it there wasn't a dry eye I mean a lot of people left they said yeah yeah just just put a poll on the day and you know I made it worse I was outside for the race and and I had been out you as on it and you know went went to one thing NBC to remember one of the fact you I was over the base of CBS space shuttle cut right and NBC they were right up there with CBS they showed it over and over and over and then it kept sticking to microphone in the faces of like all that all the Canadians of go for one the groom and the trainer and the owners and I mean she's obviously these people are going to be in shock and crying in hysterical I mean that is a priori you watch news any night you're going to find you know all you know you know they had these streaks and football like an end is caught a pass in 82 straight games I mean you could do the same thing how many how many straight nights do you have somebody crying at some point in the nose I mean it's you know it's a dramatic photograph but what happened was when when she went down I knew I had the race one would buy a color I had no no other perfect as a wild only so instead of watching by a color I kept it on her and I saw a get up and try and run with the leg flapping and I just I just dropped my glasses down and the tears just on most horrible thing then I turned around and I walked before I just walked right into the stands and sat down and put my head in my hands I cried I mean and like I say I was one of 50 thousand people crying man it was terrible a while we're there'd be a lot of people crying when they see the numbers in this book but you look at it while we do a little break Tom jick is here the radio TV writer for the Fort Lauderdale News and Sun symbol Rick Rally's close personal friend it's 21 after 10 at WIOD want to tell you about the armadillo cafe now what did I do with that little thing that I had I heard him say at the other day Howard yeah he's going to be on an L. House yeah now he's on in Washington Philadelphia New York he's going to be on an L.A. I guess they're going to try and syndicate the show national watch out in the air anyway it's 1026 Tom jick is with this now I'm going to where to start I really don't we did to be del thing I don't want to spend four hours ripping Rick Rally but you do obviously now you're looking into book yeah did you look at any of the numbers for the afternoon did you saw and you guys really had big numbers oh they did I get a bunch of people I don't know what wait a minute that's what bothers a lot of people is that they feel that's it this is what bothers him he can handle people hate him because a lot of people already do but when you give the impression that you allow your personal feeling is to cloud your judgment not as you hate somebody they get a big book and you don't want to give him credit now when you say anybody who follows Neil gets numbers well hey but gets a number but the number can be like a one and Bennett certainly didn't get a number in fact he brought the whole station down the station was dying yeah dying well now expect he shot himself in the for he what you know he was on here announcing every day he was leaving and I understand that but that was still a byproduct of whatever his act was what he did and the station was dying these guys came along and it took a while took it like anything does but they'd like I kept saying leave somebody you know leave it alone for a few months and give it a chance yeah and the audience likes him they love and they're doing you know whether you like him or not well I they're doing well first of all and I'm not just saying because I work here because I'd be the first one to tell you that Alex was an abortion and that some of the people had been on at night I don't want to mention a particular name but I'm not too crazy about but they're doing it yeah first of all two things one that they got you know they totally overlooked and I can't believe that it was intentional is I write an opinionated column that they don't know that and he's an imbosal I mean I I am I report but I had a say I write I am the TV radio columnist my column anyone reads my column knows opinion in it every day that's first of all second of all he intentionally missed the point of that piece purposefully missed it and in that piece I said they had an impressive book I did right in black and white he can bring it in here and read it I said they had an impressive what I was saying was and the whole purpose of the it was a small actually wasn't even a column was part of a column what I said was that they shot themselves in the foot yet not carrying the baseball that you want to be the sports station in town I was a separate yeah I said that first I was the first one to say everybody that he said it on the earth and that was the point of the column but you got to remember that that's in nature of the business and again I'm not covering up because if it was grow testically embarrassing but like I mentioned QAM carry the meds all season long they were still in the right down at last weekend it was touching go and then all of a sudden the last couple of weekends they don't carry day games on a Saturday and Sunday because they had one day they had FSU football or some of the other thing so and that in that game by the way was on sports channel in the york so 99% of the people here couldn't see it I yeah yeah yeah but at least they did it they had a commitment to Florida football I would rather see the meds but you know you could make the argument more people but it was sports for sports what this was this was the playoffs and they had you had the right if you don't carry the play or how can you call yourself the sports they find in black people that's what so that was the point of the column now I call Gary up and and the reason yeah I got to hair up my behind because he stopped you know generally we have a very cool conversation but he got nasty as soon as I called up in the fall yeah yeah yeah he did so and so then he says to me he starts this crap and well Rick and size audience wanted them on and this is what one was that poll taken he says wow is the rating so all I was saying was the point of that was the the reason some stations don't want to post somebody off the air for a couple of days is your fridge you know so the audience will drift away my point was as long as these guys are playing behind you then I'm going to drift away you're going to deliver an audience they could be gone from and the audience is going to find them again because they're going to come in behind you I would say this if Alex Bennett was still in the station got forbid I'd still have a four maybe a three by now I believe that I don't I think that book was an aberra now to some extent I mean granted there was a lot of bad at the sampling and broder was on the sample we've been through that image in times but I'm telling you we were going through tough times we talked about it on the air every day things are not good here everybody was fighting with each other you can't survive that way I mean if it's done in fun that's one thing but it wasn't fun it was painful yeah screw she it oh yeah and and he like I said the constant hopping I'm not going to be here tomorrow and but you do things in just I mean he said every day he said it I thought he meant it I really did he sound like he meant it there was no humor in it there was you know so but be on anyway to get back to these guys so what did they they had a big book right yeah but they just coincidentally they had a big book behind your biggest book so let's see if your numbers left a little bit I guarantee you then numbers left so in other words you don't want to give him any credit I give them credit I'll give them I'll tell you what let me I'll just go I'll translate what Rick Riley said now give him credit for that you congratulations Rick you're giant you scared away fewer of kneels or audience than than Alex did all right that's what he's brutal that's what he did all I was Bennett ran away hand me your audience they only ran away 30 of them in the morning the managed still brutal it's incredible I like I said the other day when I put those two guys behind the address and there a hash mark well let's put anybody on behind Debbie Ellison that you can't even see him okay you could put all these pumpkins behind Debbie nobody would see him so other words as far as the show is concerned forget about the personalities you think they have a bad show no I don't it's uh it is a show that did with that's one old on me maybe I'm too old for them I think you know I think there's a good audience well there's no question about it more even though 18 to 34 I think is more than the bottom into that and like I said I mean you know squirt my cream down the pan that I'll get a little back can go a long way but then again Friday now you weren't here I heard it was one of the greatest radio doses of history of broadcasting and I just well that was involved in it but because it was significant while appliance girl finds an acorn every now and then I mean he's the one who said he didn't even rip me for four hours and he ripped me overlooking the purpose of the column distorting what I actually do and allowing these jerks that called up you know to make all sorts of vile thread for four hours you know you know there are so many you ought to take care of that time joker and things like that and you know he's the one who did it for four hours not me and he's the one who came in here like a moron the last time I was on your day I tell you why don't you come back the last three times I've been here I've been attacked by the why I said that it just gets to be see when he first came in I didn't realize that was going to happen nobody could have known that I thought it was going to be a little fun it wasn't fun I'd be glad to sit in a microphone and date the debate with you know in you know personally personally I mean the way he came in you know Ron and call you know name calling and things like that and he's the one who did it for four hours I didn't thought there's a hothead don't you understand it guys the hothead he's temperament Lisa hysterical he's a maniac but they're kicking ass so doing very well and I said that in the column I said they had an impressive book it's in the column but didn't come in and read the column and show me where that's not he can't do it it's in the column you feel better but he never mentioned that he came to hear it was sick of the dog even his hair is back in place now he's like the old time joker after another hour this will be feeling great I'm getting as hysterical as him yeah that's good we like that 1033 we got keen to talk about we got W. News got I can't believe it a bit and I ripped you good this last a few days I heard that guy goes up there to the breeder's couple jacket I understand because I love it I'm a fan of that but just bad timing and all of a sudden all help breaks loose I mean we got W. News we got Steve going back to FTL coming back on the air we got the funeral on Friday if I had Anita the size of a rally I think that they did it for that reason because they know I was at it time but I don't ever didn't go that's probably he doesn't even go that's probably didn't I even came now you're really not not well now you're losing a lot more pleasant to deal with I guess he goes that it's all this is going to see now I'm gonna say this again because I don't like getting sucked into things where I take a position because somebody else wants me to do that I just need to do that no I'm not talking about you can and I have had as you know times when we hate while I can speak for him there were times I hated the man like poison I mean like poison I know I don't I don't only don't I dislike him now he showed up at the thing on Friday okay when we got over there and we were in a big empty lot I like Steve I know he's got people and I see a lot of people to y'all they said oh geez we can't believe you're saying I do not I mean not not like a close personal friend I don't look upon him that way he not really a bad guy he's got his things like all of us doing a business roll a little screwy and he's his own worst enemy there's no question about that but I don't dislike him yeah and that bothers some people and I'm not gonna say well I hate him I hate you just to make anybody else happy because I don't well and and you and I don't wish anybody in the for all of kidding around I do I want to make it clear I don't wish anybody on the talent and in this business bad luck whether it's now I like him I mean I give it to him all the time but that's the business that's why I do Sandy I don't even know okay Debbie I've never met her in my life what do I know I wish all those people good luck I would like to see them find work I don't I don't dislike it I had a little bit of a few going with Debbie I don't even remember how that got started but I mean personally I if I had your blimp ever goes down as always something like that I mean I hope she finds work I just hope it's somewhere far away from here exactly 1035 with WIOD with Tom Jika it will be right back 22 to 11 at WIOD now let's talk about WS News like I said you missed a great day on Friday people still all we've got getting really great radio shows of all time I went through that long list but the sad part of it is like I said yesterday here's a guy Dennis Collins the general mangle over there who's been Jefferson pilot came out this market they bought WGBS which was a dying giant at the time it used to be a big M.O.R. and of course M.O.R. died years ago it was dying and they bought it and they made it all talk and at that time it was amazing we had four stations in this market doing so-called topical talk we at INZ this station WGBS and WNWNWNS which at that time was owned by Neil Rungoff which is also after I got out thank God did you have you remember in L.N. L.Crona and I'll be in L.N.L.E. his name I hope that we leave his name I even told a story about Jerry Williams trying to turn the best go over on top of him and also the Bersie that very thing oh we are not going I've ever been bought to leave his own out of a station yeah and you're in the hallway hiding and he's in there screaming at me during a break cut the crap it wasn't crap but that's a closest I can say we're gonna lose the license cut and I'm sitting there with a jar of bird sea yeah which he thought was marijuana seeds and the corsets look crunk but anyway they run dbs they brought in all these losers they brought in the David gold and uh well that was foul is doing no but I'm saying fouler was in charge of a Dennis Collins was the G.M. and they put it on the air and they got one they never they never in that station at that time had the big in a still does seven ten which is not radio my biggest the biggest strongest daytime AM signal of any station in the market you can hear him in tap in the daytime yeah and they had a one it's it's criminal when you think about they did not make one good higher over there in all the time they had the stations I think about they inherited out out came along with the license in the building and everything else and whiplier you know they brought yeah well yeah all right yeah and then they brought in you know a succession of people like you say David gold and then uh and the guy who's the guy who went up to buffalo with the Mike Anthony he was the program he was like the producer but he did a show to the kid who got a wrist and prosthetic and thing up and pondy oh Doug young yeah and him and they just one person after another they got rid of somebody and they brought in somebody even worse they didn't make you would think just a lower average of what I was looking for the right change we all in time spots Alleny afternoon Allen midday out on the morning deputy and afternoon deputy and midday Sanity and midday Sanity and him not only did they bring any new people and but they also just kept trying to pedal the same crap with the same old colors and the same old guests and you know what and then they just can't they don't understand they didn't have the nerve they killed they killed topical talk they didn't want to do anything really wild and on the other and they didn't want to do anything entertaining or different so they're stuck with at one geriatric oriented thing yeah I did is that a big surprise oh if you're going to do talk you've got to be willing to take some heat I mean this place took a lot of heat when you were doing you know things and and and they they bought the heat and it's worked out well you know you got a big book they were afraid all the took was one letter and they would just crap in their pants it was that simple and there would be a note we won't talk about this anymore kind of like what happened to me on the other side we will not talk about other spaces we will not talk about other personalities we will not oh when you start you know with all the will not said you want to this you want to this what's left you know the old the old reliable three abortion birth control and bio-embo they got on there now the great of the memories radio death I'm I can't believe it I'm so obsessed with it I got to be honest with the every morning coming to work I listen to Mike but now I'm punching over there not because I'm enjoying it in shock just to see if this is really the format I mean the yesterday I'm coming to work they're playing the wood choppers ball by Woody and I told you I heard I mean stuff that's like been out since high-button shoes 40 years ago 50 year old I got to spot the public service and I asked myself I tuned in yesterday because you were talking about I said I flipped up when you're commercial and and his Audrey Meadows doing a spot for the amount of society and behind it they're playing this guy's in love with you right at right behind the spot like it was two radio stations and you know and we talk about the things we say off the own during the last break I said the idea they can't be serious with this this format I mean I I can't believe that the idea of subliminal message you think maybe they're into a little um piece of reality or something I don't know but they can't be I who's gonna listen to it they're still in their own audience for life like you said yes these are the people that are too old for life and how can he still be there how can dead and again people think it's personal on my part they're right because to me he's one of the most objectionable people I've ever encountered in this business and almost everybody has ever worked there what's actually exactly the same thing I don't know if he's still doing it if he does that's fine with me he had people taping this show for a long time every day waiting for me to say something that he could take legal action on okay well that's that's the kind of paranoia that exists my personal feeling and this is just personal feeling was when the witch hunts were going on he had a big role in it that might feel like oh I believe that and I have plenty of evidence and stand yeah right I mean I can I have no proof no evidence but you know if you put a gun to my head and said yes and how I would say yes and uh and to someone who's running a radio and that bothers me if you in other words the message that comes from at is if you can't compete destroy the opposition what kind of crap is that yeah in other words if you want to do the same format or something close to what compete put some good people on the air do something exciting do something different don't try to run everybody else out of town I couldn't compete at any point well and it's like you know it's like letting the fox loose in the neighbors chicken coop but not having a fence on yours I mean when you're doing a when you're doing a talk program talk radio yourself to encourage anybody to try and stifle talk it's crazy because it's just gonna be a matter of time as it turned out and uh I don't know I I do know they they they you never you know I did the story with Dennis needs his arm a talk guy I'm committed to talk but where was the evidence of that he never gave his people I understand how I had the piece of saturday i was out of town where you said that you never got to support and that was certainly my perception and and from the conversations that had with the people on that station that they got no support from the station when they got a crankle out of instead of the GM coming in and going don't worry about it do you show we go we can't have this we can't have this and how can you do a show then when you got to sit here and worry about every word you're saying in addition to which they did the thing of kt it done back in the rsk t i though choice to have much of a signal but basically what they were saying well what's wrong with the peeling the people over the age of a hundred what's wrong with that let's put on all the filled in spots and all the spots for a while and I can't exactly and there's suddenly that is covered and nobody wanted to buy that audience what little they had and uh the ones that don't know if I say all right you can't support a station like that and you know another side of this when as Reagan faded and as you know Reaganism faded and the country kind of the pandalums kind of swinging back the other way now what do they do they put eight hours of right wing lunacy on on Saturday afternoon right at the time when the country's going the other way they they put it on they got Thompson and the other guy from LA you know Mike Thompson and uh or yeah right I mean they put eight hours of right wing mania on there when the country's going the other way it was just like it's like they had a death wish they just wanted to commit suicide that if they brought the ratings down far enough there would be no choice to make it throw up their hands we tried what do we do I know I did just don't know anybody that's all I know now that's certainly you know the evidence suggests that uh but I can't believe the celebrity collar that's on the bat line now looking for publicity now I'll check him if the Rogers are you know I'm how you doing we're gonna start charging you by the minute for this you what are you charges about I'm just saying I was thinking to take a hand when you show you have a large audience you know yeah for you we got a special rate with like I'd say we gotta get all this in before next Monday when I go on cause management at FTL has told me they know I'm either behind your show to promote an audience for you well they've done a good job up there to Steve I really wish a lot of luck that's a joke but you know you talk about you talk about walking into a haunted mess I mean you know if I will you I spray the microphone when I get in in the morning because uh we're in the afternoon I don't think the guy in front of you is a big fan of you oh listen the digits have to get to know me a little bit little who is that who's my grab it I have a piece tomorrow in the paper on your Steve and you might might be interested in some of the things he has to say I'm sure they're all going yeah in one way or another with one of the words the reason I call it with me it's not gonna be a ton of comments and I didn't give any support over there the great story I just wanted to bring it back to mind was in the height of the aid epidemic when I you know wanted to do something innovative like bring a person with the aid in studio that's when following that you know well the sour and you know mr. tops and my tops and was afraid that the aid virus would get in the air conditionary told them and so you know that he might care something like that but anyway you know the thing went to Dennis and the weaver not so the longest time Dennis refused to let me have anybody with aids in the studio and I said Dennis you know you keep doing this is with the public service station and we're here to help them with community oriented I said what kind of messages this we're sending out in the height of this panic and it was only after the story was getting ready to go on 60 minutes that he finally rewented but not what you'd call a great well you got with them all of that did you ever get any support on any issues um the interesting thing is I got with the say that the aid thing was the beginning of my the deterioration of my relationship with Dennis I used to get along with him pretty well I found him pleasant and I had really nothing bad to say about him in fact we even parted on pretty good terms but the station took so much heat you know I think what happened is out leaked to the weekly news that Dennis wasn't letting a person with aids in the building although Dennis told me he says I know there's no chance anybody can get it but I have to be concerned with the feeling of my other employees which didn't didn't hold a lot of water which and it was also one of them too by the way they didn't want to come in a studio yeah that's been surprising it was a crazy he could have shot the germs they were right with his 45 anyway I don't want to talk anymore here time thanks for letting me on don't forget next Monday time Jacob I guess I'm at the 1400 of a dog he says we can handle it Steve all right okay what other station in America would allow that I can't think of one Dennis won't probably won't either it's been nice working anyway it's 11 to 11 a little right this moment that relax everybody's under control right Rick huh where's that current okay let's tell you about Toyota of Hollywood right now great news for Toyota yeah 1053 a WOD maybe you can give us a preview of tomorrow's column about Steve going to have to y'all since he was just on why it's just really this you know again Steve as you say is one of the few people that's willing to discuss finances and you know you laid out the whole deal that he had to I Steve I know you're still listening don't do it anymore I mean I know you won't listen to me I think that it's well people are fast so I don't agree with you I think it's crass I think it's the meaning can you can you imagine like David Letterman coming on a year when I say and be see his paid me six million here but look at it just it makes my ice can you know we run we run shots on what every player in the dolphins make and what every player in majorly different form different well he's show business anyway so the deal he worked out with them is he gets 50% of all the revenue he brings in and he says that he's already got $300,000 for the first year signed up signed sealed delivered yeah so if he does he's gonna be making a real handsome salary well he must be gonna run a lot of spots because if people are gonna pay the kind of rate that that would translate to I just don't understand it what I'm in it what a dollar a minute no how much hundred hundred hundred dollars a minute on FTL boy we got a hiring him here is a salesman hundred if he can get a hundred bucks an um for a spot on FTL he has to be the greatest salesman in the history not just a radio he says that he's a man in that he's a credit guy I have this all anybody in this in this community that would and it's not an icon Steve but let's face it well give you his ex no wait a minute let me just say that let's face it that station is a zero and they got about a one now with their big bands but you know the damn well the people who are listening to the big bands are not gonna be the ones listening to Steve okay no I say that was he has revealed his entire audience from his background zero now he's got that many people that are willing to spend that kind of money on a station with limited signal and starting from zero all I can say now okay this is not at school but this is all in the column tomorrow but Steve's arguing is that when he was most of his most of his a lot of his sponsor certainly the ones that he's taken with him most of them a broward restaurant and he said when they were buying him here for approximately double that it was spending a lot of their money on people who are unlikely to be the the customers I mean if you live in candle like I do you not like that but how many people live within three miles of the tower now if he else got if you're in brow you can get F.C. on anywhere in brow it it's got a good signal in brow and it does and so his argument is that they're getting Steve came for half price the reaching is like multiple TV you realize now that it's so you can get it like between five and six p.m. and it's not on a boat in the winter time like in November December you know what I'm ready upon the point is you have to cut your power down when you're like we do you have to change pattern at sundown and as you get into these months of the year I'm not trying to create a bad situation for Steve I'm just laying it out like it is after a five or five fifteen which will probably be in November December you can't hear it like anywhere except for waterdale parts of plantation that means really a marginal second I you if you have that if you know that then you know more than I do but again that's part of the house Steve is selling selling the the program that they're getting Steve came and in that basis it makes sense you know they get you getting it for hey okay let's turn it around I will look at it from this standpoint whatever he does on there is going to be so far in a way the biggest thing that's ever happened on that stage oh yeah that he's certainly going to do well if he can sustain the revenue and on that that's a program he says he's bringing in more money the first week and they serve and then the yeah I believe it I believe it because the station is a zero and I know that they've had real financial nightmares in that place I mean I have quotes in the comments of our whether whether the owner and and and microbe it's you know almost say in terms of hey it was this you know turn off the transmitter I mean they're getting quite say that but they say we had to do something you know we had to keep the station you know vibrant and alive and Steve is bringing in a lot of money and they're hooked and I don't have but isn't it interesting though you say that Stern is going to be on an LA isn't it amazing that people who do things that are different and radical and exciting and fun and interesting those people succeed people who want to keep doing the same boring crap and try to shove it down to public stotin for a speed of fail WLS in Chicago all the cap city stations W ABC New York they're trying to do that same old boring stuff the public's burnt out on it they don't give a damn you want it don't care people are looking for excitement in their lives most people have very mundane lives in their looking for excitement that's the same thing on television you do something well I shouldn't say that this is the things that are doing different but even for a while tomorrow which one the guy was the screamer by my brain on my summer yeah right I'm on so much medication for this cold I'm not I wasn't anyway more down he can't even for yet work because he was different he was it was some life in the show it was a horrendous show I agree but it was different and you didn't know that the guy was going to self destruct on the air and I got back to a story I said often when when evil can evil was jumping over the snake river and he said you know well who you think is going to come to see this and he said well I tell you who's going to come he says 10% of the people are coming I want to see me make it he says 10% are going to want to see me fail and the other 80% of that just in case they fail they want to see me die go in and that's people you know if you if a guy the Howard Biel thing you know he takes the gun you you tuned in just to see what he would do I mean I think that's part of the appeal now of Dan Router you know tune in tonight this might be the night that Dan loses it you just don't know and people will tune in just I hate to even say it but the thought occurred to me when I was trying to just gather my thoughts and think about the breeders cup that because of what happened this Saturday the audience might to up next year just because there are people to an in at a ghoul in curiosity and you know I don't almost like to see you know say we don't want you get away you know we don't if that's why you tuned in down you know and I'm not being like the other if you're out of races love to say what people don't come to see the accents you know sure yeah if the Indianapolis 500 they've advised the way that there would be no accident you know you couldn't get it on WFTL never mind network television okay we're the end of the first hour had the a momentous first hour here we got a lot more to talk about and the time jick is with us food from pizza lofted becoming any minute right we're getting some good child for time here have a report after my report he's got another recall at off the air will be discussing and seeing what's going on could be private in which case I want to ask you too many questions anyway we got Henry Barrow standy by course Henry kind of takes this all in stride he's seen it coming go 26 years he's still waiting for that hurricane he's been leading newscast on his years the man has been here in a still all let him back in the stadium it's just incredible there was picture like at the racetrack right undesirable exactly without right yeah with bars across all the all the vendors have been told if you spot this guy tournament is a picture in fact the Henry right on the back of Mr. Weaver's chair up there if you've seen this man it says anyway Henry's got our 11 o'clock Wiod news will come back with Tom jica at 11.05 two of Tom's favorites Dick and Dudle be along from 2 to 6 this afternoon video expert doctor G Glenn former vice president of CBS research lab and Janet van Ransberg editor of video times magazine talk about ladies video gizmos exciting paper challenge 14 base sports talk setting in geol 605 and Randy eight South Florida's new traffic and weather station new stock radio 6 can Wiod my any sports water days new stock radio 6 10 Wiod presents the new Roger show get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 Wiod from day in Broward is 524 Wiod on the 655 Wiod and Bellsoft mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD the opinions expressed by the guest host of colors and unnecessarily build this station now here's Neil Rogers a new dog radio 610 Wiod on the national geographic special this is 14 months of the year is a crystal observed subtle changes it is cruise behavior as we enter the saragas or see I know this dad feely as a movie is wet suit and slipped into apovac at his subterdy with matching French companies I am a gas but the entire crew are the concepts so as suddenly changed into picaboo lingerie and push up for a day's film is the season premiere of the underwear world of zinco's to the sea as a stage missed us and so is my first made your car does you know that it done tonight on PBS next step what are you guys talking about I should just let him go should I should let him keep going what is healthy on running the board now what is she's shaking her head like I don't know what I'm doing what is going on here what is this like ding dong school come on guys give us a break cut it out house yeah she's a wonderful little lady but that's not screw up to show yet by maybe it's sabotage maybe you're sending the people over here or somebody from the afternoon show well could be well we'll find out I guess is your my con is a my con my my my my is it I'm on yeah okay well just checking we want to be real professional because we have a lot of people in the business list I think we have everyone in the business from the calls we've been yeah unbelievable so we left some stuff out has your anything else we want to say about the WNWS made rest in peace about how they drove it into the ground and about to geez it just and of course I went there the day was on the air and Al was there and Charlie campus and Stan major and Mickey Dane and I told him that he called in the other day yeah see last Thursday and Friday when he was coming well she's still trying to figure out who's with a B like Barbara Studley perhaps it could be it but anyway and I did this thing I still haven't by the way I'm never going to throw this way and we kept adding to the list of all the names guys that may who'd work there how do you mean that that many I got pages and pages and when we did our little when you think that they think over there I read them all off we had some appropriate music and I read all of these names Arlene Wolf Bob is here to you're parada oh God what a list this is John 11 wow bro it's Stacy Liburman man Nancy McCartney I'll tell you story about John love it I go up to you know I stayed at my mother's in Jersey who moves in next door to a last week a guy named Al Gordon who used to do traffic or something he said on your show and he's he knocks on the door and he says your time jacris is Jay you know when your mother moved in I saw the name I knew it had to be you know sometimes it relative and he came any separate about it out I tell you going over all and one of the names he mentioned was John Levitt and one dad you know I was telling him because I just got north of the phone with all the nonsense going on down here and he says well I was I was hoping to come back down to the market he's doing some kind of Jewish ethnic show on Sunday at some obscure stage yeah I mean yeah John Levitt he said wow I work with John Levitt when he was there on the board and everything boy that's a big time I want to tell you one of the great stories in history as long as we're doing this nails in the coffin also yesterday another name came back to me there was a young kid as salesman Milton somebody had glasses he was like from you of ember something and I left him off list somebody will call him maybe ale you even did to be hot to bat lie maybe our members would Milton's last name was because I'm trying to complete this list yeah oh yeah everybody office people gene miller the old guy in continuity was just a funny great guy and uh can keep the Louise one of the news people it just name the shafan Tom Shafer of course but anyways speaking of John this may take too long but it's a great story Chris well John Levitt was my producer board up and John was just basically uh all this kind of from the rick rally school person out he offended a lot of people in the building had a lot of people crazy um and when hurricane David came and went was either hurricane David or was it not maybe a milder one a lesser one but at any rate he was a meteorologist evidently oh yeah I remember that and yeah and was driving the news department crazy I mean just uh running them around like he had some kind of a title or something and I don't think I was there I think I was on vacation or something at the time so wasn't hurricane David it was another one and to make a long story short this staff was ready to lynch him I mean just just go in crazy and writing they even the whole news department put together a letter to him like so anyway he resigned in very dramatic fashion uh would be expectation that we would come running to get him back well at that point I heard Chris Loner then became my producer, brother remember Chris Chris and Chris said to find John and one night I'm on the air doing my show I'm Chris is sitting in there and control room running the board answering the phones and John uh huh comes in with his friend Dennis who was another former board up there Dennis was the blood out for my show right they come in and he sits down remember there were like a couple of chair to extra where the board upset and the control sits down waves and I wave back and I'm just doing my show and I'm talking to the colors and we go into a break and there's the last spot we didn't have rejoined jingles his last spot would end over there the board up would give you the cue is it come by your back on and now I'm watching I'm getting arms in stereo Chris Loner's pointing back and now John Levitt sitting next to me it's like wow it's like old times like he's just gonna move right back and in chair he's also cute and me I'm getting two arms I've never seen anything he sat there for like the entire show killing me to come back on assuming that well he was just now he was ready to come back and we welcome him back with open arms it was just which needless to say we did not did you talk about the time crong that stuck and that crong Jerry gets stuck up I was very worried yeah oh yeah that was another great WNW I was while I was on the air yeah and it's the stuff coming out when I was there the 10 12 weeks that I was there was whenever it was getting sick with oh yeah we also had the disease and the air conditioning vents I forgot about that and there was something in the vents and all of us were getting this awful illness and we couldn't I did two hours in a Sunday night and I couldn't talk till Tuesday everywhere yeah yeah not a lot of work there was there's a fungus among us whether was something that I was adding up and I didn't have to do anything we realized that after some of us left the fungus would grow much more intensely during course they weren't the same building I don't think when did they know it was quite a while after it wasn't did we get Milton's last name didn't anybody what was it Milton's Fisher outstanding hey wait am I let me write that on my list all right are we doing it see this doesn't have an issue already oh man just unbelievable come you'll stand so on Ellen Morphoni is K Baroni I'm just a reading them all off the hand around that's right that was another that that was another thing where I shot in the operation Graham I think I got involved in it spewed with with Colin was a Collins a scholar over that one where the way they they fight it are oh yeah so they were that they're gonna make a series director and they let it serve as acting news director for eight months and then when the stations combined and I every Sullivan was put in the driving the news van here yeah but a few people gotten screwed here two folks we don't want to go into that because we don't have thirty hours I talked to Jerry for about an hour about two weeks ago yeah about the whole system you said he'd love to come back yet I want to make boy Gary nervous or anything but he said that boy Gary will be good to Detroit anyway this Friday night the biggest sports event in South Florida of the season it's the breeder's crown unbelievable to certify vacation's breeder's crown with eight division championships more than two at a quarter million dollars in person's all in one night 68 of the most talent and patient in trotters in racing will compete for the crowns and they three-year-old and age divisions Friday night could become the greatest dead in the history of harness racing as beach style attempts to become the first standard bread ever to win more than two million dollars in one season how pro will be racing to become the first silly pace to win breeder's crown championships is both a two and three-year-old in the great peace core returns to pop at a harness looking for a third consecutive breeder's crown championship you still have time to get your tickets for the certified vacation breeder's crown reserve grandstand boxy available the breeder's crown ticket office open daily 10 a.m. to four p.m. so get out to pop at a park today for the best seat selection it's read off the Atlantic Boulevard exit of i-95 and just be four minutes off the pop at a leg of the turnpike the names again incredible not just the horses all the top drivers in the sport will have a microchance and rod weightles in john Campbell and billow donnell and jack moosef and uh... you know who is it you bel you bel you bel here you go we're gonna bring him back oh geez you had a throw that one in there i don't think the red man's gonna be there but we'll survive without him it's gonna be great's gonna be the night of the lifetime in harness racing so make your plans now don't forget early post time at early opening for the gates gates will open Friday at five post time for the first race seven so come out early and have a great time at pop at a harness this Friday night for breeder's crown night eleven seventeen at w-o-d time jick as our guest you know we'd be remiss there must be something going on TV because your column in the paper this morning was all about uh... tv the Swiss by what i was saying was it's probably the tames november sweeps that i certainly i can only two two two two two part many series the entire month of november i mean this is when you used to have the long some doves and the war and remamors isn't you know the really great of multi-pod things that works just on spending the money anymore because they don't have it the biggest event which is the lead on the piece that i did is a radio series episodes two one jut episode of cheers uh... it's a couple of uh... larry king is gonna be on Murphy brown if you can believe it what we have and he's everywhere else to want to spend an hour to a critiquing a show which i didn't want to play i was on the plane and he's been missed it not a bad break yeah well i mean i'm missed all the excitement last weekend but as you said as i'm a what is it what is it what is it what is it what is it what is it i'm a time with him larry king yeah he wants everything i mean basically that i mean the guys making more money than god uh... he's got more luck than probably anybody all of any thousand people you know put together certainly taking a little bit of time along way you got to try to fit yeah got to be the greatest bs artist in the history of uh... human race you know what does he do but what is he what i mean how spent in use to go already had what one or two heart attack i think he is spread yourself how many different things you've got to do before you're satisfied i think i think you want to you know you who says you can't have it all certainly not larry i mean the thing with the tech turnaround those games up in the sea and that was the biggest bomb in history i can't really i don't know why they bring it back and four years i mean those games were created when the rush is in the americans weren't talking each other you know they said in the column before they came on uh... good will was the worst thing that ever happened to the good will games you know we don't have an enemy anymore you know maybe if you know liby ahead of team and they in the game people could get excited but here we are all of the right you know all of a sudden rush is on our side never what i must be going crazy down a little amount of you know the worst thing you can do to people take their enemies away be like a brick rally left the market what i did all jesus and do we want to spend i mean if you want to go more to say i'll just say i'll just say i'll just be here any minute i'll just let you go on because obviously you guys just hate each other like poison i'm understand it well i i didn't hate him like poison until he did that four hours on me that afternoon and did it and what i thought was a very unfair and unprofessional way totally overlooking the purpose of the column leaving out things that did i put in there that would have greatly changed the nature of what he said i said he will bothers me about this business for example you talk to alder in the news yeah you know private which is fine what bothers me is that some people this is the one problem i have with al and i'm no he's listening and this is the defense because i've taken some pretty nasty posts but not not of it meant to be personal in other words if there were certain things that he did on the year i lot of the stuff i've done i never would have said you know what i'm saying i don't want to gain a specific but the bottom line is you've got to be able to discern the difference between what somebody is doing is part of their job and taking it so personally i know it's only that bothers me because i like how i really do i mean he's not running i was he's not in front of a person you really would have a reason to dislike he's a good guy i like him but done the last one i'm on here i'm doing a stick i'm doing my thing okay and i'm here to win i'm not here to you know in the you know the nature of this business look at all of people sitting on a sideline right now who should be on the air i know you could make a whole radio station out of just the people around a work in talk in this market right now and have a damn good station i know show business and i i know when that's happening into a certain like if he came and he wanted to take some fun jut great you know that's what i thought was going to back and full i thought was going to be a but it wasn't it was very very nasty and very very personal and that that's when my opinion of him changed i mean even that day came in he i was annoyed when i left but i didn't hate the guy and you know well that i felt that was a little bit of show business he certainly provided a great lead in phase show that afternoon you know well here i am you know i think he's got to be careful to understand i'm not trying to lecture him although i'll do my best one book doesn't make a lifetime exact or one or two books in another station in other words i the ratings you know what i think of my think their garbage even though i had a great summer book and all of that i think their crap i think their erratic i think they're sampling is just a but the bottom line is over a period of time like take her in a re-for example whether you like him or not over 15 years in a market demand is a monster in a morning okay yeah he had his down periods too but the bottom line is right up there is got a six eight in the morning which in this part six eight in the morning here is unbelievable i mean nobody can understand less than the business what a big number that is well and over if you can sustain it over long period of time then you got some disturb lo and you're horn about you and i had some arguments over the years about roul frenican and that's exactly what i was saying i was never a fan of roul frenic the way he does the news distant or anything but i respected tremendously the fact that he was on top of his long you can stay on here in this market for 30 years doing anything even picking your nose man more power to it and that's how he always felt about roul frenic that give the guy credit in a business where thirteen weeks is forever he was on for 30 years and in the same thing renaigering the morning you got to give the guy credit i mean think of all the the high price talent they've thrown in against them i mean we know to the sunny foxes and the you know tanner and cox and they've all taken their shots at the guy in rick and sides as another one that you know they were on opposite renaigering the morning and her minimic being in all the others he's right there book after book he may have one down book but for me always found this right about this station now if i can just which i usually don't do but that i'm excited about he does his thing which is totally different from anything that i do i do my act in the beginning when they came here first because they were just thrown into it they were playing my cards and doing a lot of my stuff they would you know because they filled in for me when i was sick back in the spring that's how they got the job but now they have developed their own thing they do a totally different thing from what i do and that's great we've got three completely unique shows the audience is happier than they have been a long time at least today who knows about tomorrow and that's great that's what it's all about well i i can you know again i listen to the show from time to time i mean i and i'll be honest when i when i'm in hearing range now my first choice will be Steve but he does a lot of things in a new i mean i turn it if he's doing something i i i listen to now also say this and in spite of what i said before i listen to these guys on a way home every day okay i listen to when i lost he was here i would listen for ten or fifteen minutes and more often than not i would change into something else or put on music not because they don't like Steve but because of the repetitive guests i mean she's i mean and if he learns a lesson fine i know this is a tough market for guest this isn't a york or a lay there just don't let many great exciting people available but uh... after you've heard the same number four thousand times you just can't stick with it anymore well i said many times i don't get to hear a lot of the whoever's in that because that's generally the time and i mean the office a lot of days at leverally you know five courted five and then i get to hear an out of show i turn reconcered on even now with the dispute i listen to them and is your blood boy to get a little bit of a i don't know i i i i i like watching you know what what they do though i don't think if i if i was available listen to the show for a lot more i don't think that i would listen to what over a period of time because you know putting whipped cream in your pants is not something that i find amusing more than one unless you're doing it yeah okay let me do a little break it's eleven twenty five a wio dea is a special message from low jack told you folks out there in your cars making the most of southward is beautiful beaches if you think your car is safe away from the city think again barbra and found out the hard way she went to the beach for the weekend at a brand new comeryl as she drove up to war hotel she turned the car over to valet on duty check them after freshening up she went out to get her car asked for the valet what valet asked the valet we don't have one surprise barbra but luckily the comeryl had low jack installed and at the low jack signal was activated by the pigs the car was recovered with hardly any damage the phony valet was busted to make a long story short it turned out to be a happy ending instead of a nightmare so uh... remember just like you've locked up the beach to enjoy the sun so to car thieves to enjoy the parking lots full of cars right for the picking so don't let some doos bag run your weekend or your life protect that investment which is often a bit one would low jack protection makes all the sense in the world for information or to arrange convenient installation at your home your office or a new car dealership call elaine right now should be waiting for your call till six o'clock tonight one eight hundred low jack that's one eight hundred five three five six five two two one of the most important calls you'll ever make if you miss the rick-and-side show yesterday on six ten w i o d you miss why adventures of sir landslide what that's right we also went over some phone calls in regards to Friday's funeral trying to comment on Friday show yeah incredible radio history is certainly was radio history every afternoon at two with rick-and-sug here at w i o d hello hello hello hey hey buddy booty low booty low top-end low boomer oh yeah oh yeah uh limping guys the hot fall to the both of you the act went so friday don't miss today's rick-and-sug show at two on self-law at his news traffic and weather state news talk radio six ten w i o d those are best for a while exactly eleven twenty eight the w i do gotta go open the phones in just a couple of minutes okay because with a lot of people been caught we've been blown off because we're busy but i want to talk about the local tv news because i keep giving my opinions because i got the cable a couple of months ago finally not even maybe a month finally they got it by me implantation achers and watching local news again and like i said you during the break i think channel six they don't they don't get a lot of publicity for some reason but i think between hambrick and jizzel friend is the kinn of the water is getting barberslone and kinn mats yeah i have a thing so much a kinn mat excellent before them are really good yeah they think i could live without of the sports guys uh she bought skies yeah i i hit well a terrible promotion that is yeah terrible i mean so there aren't you know Tony uh aside from sometime being silly Tony and Hank do a fine job on for yeah but they just have never done really good sports guys this is one of the weakest time for sports tv personalities ever seen a well i think it's story about sports and good you brought him thought of it saturday night i got home the breeders cop eleven o'clock comes i had no idea how anybody had done you know it's football all that day because i just really wasn't paying attention we went out to dinner after the breeders cop i put on the eleven o'clock news guys honest truth on NBC in New York they gave no college football school it's only like colombia and like stony brook and marist and for it i'm saying they didn't even tell you here they didn't even tell you how the top 10 did no scores i saturday night on the NBC on station in the largest market in the country no college football i can remember during baseball season watching uh the news on p i x in New York on the satellite at night and they'd give the anky in a med score would give no other major league baseball i for because they were shipping that thing all over the country and they didn't want to know this i'm talking about their local news not the uh not being and i whatever they know no well well they're they're that's an early news that right ten o'clock whatever you know said maybe they didn't want to give partial scores but we're talking about i'm just speculating but on it a network on station in New York city in the height of the football season no college football school none zilch and of course the only thing they showed from the breeders cop was go for one break and down hey yeah i'm bright a wind you know all of them they had to show it over and over and over again that's never going to stop yeah you got to continue to get the breeders cop classic and that's all and not how are you now this signal problem six seems to be mostly fixed to least continental cables got an excellent yeah you got cable fixed if you've got an antenna still a problem but are they making any inroads you they still well they're in good shape because in broad county but seventy seventy five percent of the people have cable but i mean terms of numbers is six making any inroads oh yeah they're finishing ahead of four some nights he fourth problem they're they're brought some piece decent people and uh Kelly craze a little too cute be dolled i want me i think she's she does some good things but you know she just has that because of it you hate to you hate to think about somebody because of their opinions because they happen to be good looking people but you almost got to feel and that's the sole reason she's there and that's probably not being fair to her but what they've got to do whether it's Kelly Craig and Tom Rale they've got to leave people there there another one like in W.S. every time you turn around there's a different anti-figuration and and news is like soap operas people get comfortable with the weather sometimes Brian or cross-hike air they still ride a Brian Allen Ryan no no well and and when Steve Abrams and Brian Allen I mentioned this last week are trying to do that the five thirty to six on channel four is the worst of four doesn't mean the bro in her try to be funny and her you talking about their tie that they're wearing and oh geez i mean Steve Abrams not a bad news guy but he's about his funny is cancer of the tone and I'm just not a funny guy this week we can ahead this conversation 15 years ago we could have it 15 years from now this is all a product of consultants who tell you and again it gets back to the comfort factor that people want to think that the anchor is all of each other and point of fact in most studios there's more back fighting going like this radio you know and radio station these people hate each other if they don't hate each other they dislike them and if they don't dislike them they at least nervous about them they're looking to get their job but you got to have this nine cents on the air you know how you're doing and everything else I mean good example was when the uh it is always here on on channel 10 you you know you'd see and in him kibits and back and what they hated each other but they had to do because the consultant tells them that's what you got to do but when they started going into the weather for example I can use out of monday and he says well how was your weekend I don't care how his weekend was I want to know how the weather is going to be I don't I don't get too cramps about how his weekend was and he did as anybody else the best weather and the most efficient weather was on Sunday nights when before they had a weatherman when they were waiting for not close to sit out is no compete and they were trying to get sports extra on they would have to guy whether there's alien uh what's his name how's the idea of what blood said it yeah they would have him on and you know like two minutes before the sports he'd go tomorrow to be 88 the low b7 to wait 20% chance of rainfall or the exercise collection and then they'd go on we want to go into a bit so I didn't think about the weather anyway I got to do a turn on a weather challenge unless there's a you know unless there's a hurricane of satin comment and as I've said many times if there's a hurricane coming to trans ends weather it becomes news so that's all you need but now you got to have Brian knocker sign there where and funny hats and dancing around and walking through windows that don't exist and not crosses a nice guy but I really resent what he's done now and what they've done with him and they turned entirely too much time over to that because consultants again they'll tell you and this station as long as we're picking on everyone this nonsense with these promotions they're adding news weather and traffic you know what that's a product of this is going out in the street saying that people what do you want to hear in a radio station most people don't know what they want to hear it she's I don't know it's like you know put on if you I know what it when I see it I know what I like when I hear so what if well you want to hear news weather and try yeah that's what I want news weather and try but that's a bunch of crap they put news weather and try to happen on you and take you off and they'll get everything's low but you know something that's the nature of the radio business no matter who I've worked for it's the same thing they despise promoting personalities because they're always afraid that somebody's going to walk out the next day or drop dead or do something horrendous they're always terrified of that so if they can stick with things that are generic things that are institutional they'd much rather promote that than promote personality and the same way that I and Z it's the same way here it's always going to be what you have less than 55 average of station five three five three five three five five I'll tell you what five point two of that was to you was for what's his name inside was for for sports for in the evening was for an area certainly I don't mean they're overlooking I mean I listen to an area in the one but anyway and point one of it was the news weather and traffic and if they don't everybody I don't know why they agree with whether and traffic everybody's got a name traffic is marked 90 percent of the stations have got your brand and the crowd up there who aren't there have to time and I never write you the weather I spent the trial is a day they never ever write when they say it's an accident go to that area because you'll cruise right but they've been off more than they want you that means the accident happened in our ago yeah I mean we can call it sky watch six ten or up your nose and call anything we want but everybody in a market knows that they're on channel four in channel ten and they're on this station and that they're all over the play and then then then then if someone like us I spend about twelve to fourteen hours a week in the car because of my commute and then never write ever not one out of a hundred times I accident they run into one time jick is with us the outspoken mr. jick was going to really open up when we come back let's open up the phone now let's get some calls on here how she how much do it seven five one w i would be in the morning music on a need uh well i'll give them a chance to talk really well we're pretend we're listening to them five two four w i would be in brown star i would be on the abat line and six five five w i would be in pombie if you wanted those folks out there who is sick and tired of being forced fed why do i say that while jiff is standing here for pizza locked unwrapping and just going nuts look at that if you want to stop the fat if you're sick and tired of walking around looking like Larry Kenton drag the answer of course is new trist system and let me say it again you can be in perfect shape for the eating holidays you've still got a month to go till Thanksgiving and too much to Christmas and Hanukkah New Year so now it'd be a great time to start and get like a head start and everybody else with new trist system i psychotic life did it did she loved it how much she lose she lost about twenty pounds even Johnny Dorque one of the real porters in radio history came in yesterday's lost fourteen pounds already starting to look almost human and you can do it to the safe effective way with new trist system and right now is a great time to start because now get three weeks of new trist system program services for only fifty nine bucks new trist system really succeeds or diets various of column toll free one eight hundred three four four five one eight hundred three four four four TH I and a be sure and tell them that formal porker steel at Wiodd told you to call it's eleven thirty nine watches being served here by Jeff from pizza loft incredible come on time cut it out all the time lost a lot of weight no i haven't really not that much well since i first knew you all you have to talk about breathing heavy anyway we've opened the phone so we've got four lines to open here now don't hold back I've lost my touch we used to don't yeah don't hold back I mean I we don't want you to make some kind of verbal abuse here but of whatever you want to say we're here to do it right yeah and if Debbie wants to call i mean it's the first time we've been honored yeah we have to use the big phone mobile hi hi I think the problem with this and most critics is that it's one person personal can you absolutely that's why my name is on it but but you obviously don't have any idea what's happening in the market is witnessed by the fact that Rick and says are very popular and if he came was boring repetitive over and over the same screaming and hiring and hanging up and rudeness and the afternoon when we're all tired of that we could go to work we don't want to hear that on the way home man we want to land yes have you ever heard me say that they have a bad show have you ever seen me right that they have a bad show you just you want to feed them to definitely I think he's the one to start it that I think it's enough for that it's not them though is they did for hours I think yeah that's right I want to that purpose at the way everyone always does but so this is a nice guy and that's really that when I came in I said came in first he says I am such a nice to meet you we've never met I enjoy your column any the absolute gentleman and the other guy comes in here like a Raven Banshee so I know what you can't take it you can you can I can I can I can you your column the best man I did when I understand that you you've never read my column I have it or call well then tell me when it is your early batch of time because I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm asking you I I never have I never have and every chance every show they can I'm a by you and your husband dinner any restaurant and town you can pick it if you can find the column where I criticize their program any rest of it now it's on the year this 50,000 people are hearing this one column where I bash them on their program and any restaurant in town you know that's right to this morning I did here personally not professionally every program that you're on man I haven't been on it I was on waxy and they wouldn't let me talk about it this is the first one let me say this I'm not here to defend time because you can do that in some but in other words you want them to express the opinion that you like is that it no I'm not saying that I don't saying that once in a while it'll be nice if you would it get that insight of what his opinion is the general public seems to think that there's a terrific show on the afternoon on WIOD man the only column I've mentioned that men since they've been back here had the line in it that they had impressive ratings in the spring book or the summer book whatever book it was I said that when I did what and I didn't say anything at all about the program itself now and what I said just a few minutes ago if you listening is I listen to the program when I'm in the car what more can I say when did I pass them but you did but you did qualify by saying that you know anybody who follows Neil gets a number right and what was in it was also an I just book in a long time etc and so I'm I asked what I think Ryan grind some people okay because it really takes away from getting them credit for doing anything on their own well yet and again it was in the context of criticizing the station for not carrying the baseball and in fact you'd like them maybe you would write a little more than oh and they do have some impressive numbers in the afternoon but that was the other thing I think they disappointed a lot of us including me is that usually there are two columns I'm still waiting for the second one the first one with a preliminary numbers for the entire station and then the second one is a big article which even won coat text at this time in a herald and when he scoops you want anything that it's got to be a sorry day and health because it almost never happens where we go into detail say he had ten or had this in the morning and hot head that and Rogers did this and whatever one of it never happened yeah no that didn't and I explained that it's not going to satisfy you the explanation but this book happened to come out in the midst of the period when all the new shows were coming on I was writing three and four reviews in a space of about three weeks I must add 22 columns in the paper so I gave sure the ship shift and usual to the radio ratings yeah that did happen that I'll admit but that's why it happened but if I was criticizing Rick and Sides it's never happened thank you you see this is something this is exactly what I'm saying that was a woman who's only listened to their program and got their information from the distorted version of Rick and because she obviously doesn't read my column as she says that it constantly criticized she can say she reads the column but she yeah there's the offer it's still out there bringing one column where I criticize him well hello yes I hesitate to even call and I wasn't going to but I think maybe a couple of facts need to be straightened out you know you don't know what this is the voice out familiar with you would you like me to not call I mean you can come to you like this I don't know if Rick or it's Greg B.D.L. one of the other not Greg would not Greg Greg Greg don't know but Greg straight me up okay well I just think Neil was an an observer when I came in that day I you know I kind of get tired of hear me coming in like a screaming band she walked in very quietly and didn't they shake your hand yeah okay and didn't and wait this name Douglas and howl field shook hands the other night too well Tom do you want to take off on your little things or do you want to just talk about some facts here good I'm listening okay did I not well it does a bench you walk in and shake your hand I walked in and I shook your hand and I sat down on the seat very quietly because I was telling you the truth I thought that you guys were expecting me to come in because I had some things I wanted to talk to you about apparently I was off-base but I walked in I shook your hand I sat down on the seat very quietly because you were in a discussion I didn't say anything and I waited until I was acknowledged that I was there and I spoke and there was no screaming and there was no yelling you know Tom's that I written in and not not writing a column when you when you got fired at waxing wait we're talking about that and then I only wrote I only write columns about people I like which means I must like all a lot of people because I was 3308 column but we not have a disagreement I mean I thought that was what the discussion was about what about the Friday when you spent the four hours okay let's go to that yeah let's I timed it and meal lessons on the way home I didn't say anything at first and I you know I kind of like it you to be an arbitrator because Tom and I are in this and it's why these are too observant I mean what lunch when you say at first what do you mean the first 30 seconds the first 45 seconds the the flight was with that program Rick pardon me the first about 10 minutes I did something else and then for about the last 15 minutes of the first half hour I ripped you and that's it and then you open the phone to your college you remember the colors the colors did it often on sporadicly tell three 15 or three 30 and I put a stop to it no you didn't put a stop to it you had the wrestling guy on and when you had the wrestling guy on you sat here and said why I'm gonna back off here and let's side-hand a list because I really know nothing about wrestling and in three seconds into the interview you said one thing I like about wrestlers is they good role models for kids what can I not speak it's my show too well I mean first of all you know I'm just I was listening to that program Rick I heard more of that program than I hear most of your programs and you're going to be off that Tom pick with the back you said I ripped you for four hours and I didn't rip you know right away you said that I've got wrestling guy on for now that knows it doesn't matter how hard you're at me for three and a half hours time you're a liar okay and not only that I want to tell you that I called over to whaxy this morning after I heard that there was a steady stream of secretary of everybody including secretary to use your words of telling me that I was a rectal office now one person is allowed in that studio in the morning unless you out in the hallway looking for people to find stories from your a liar and also there is now real secretary because I talked with the assistant program director Michael Ward who is working there that was there when I was you're a liar Tom okay you right Rick yeah I just made that up right off the top man nothing else did to talk about so I made that up right it would probably not have many good things maybe Jeff and probably done but steady stream about three of what I want to rectal office they were about eight still about eight people in the office that morning and six to seven and I'm all had something nice to say about you there was nobody working there there was there until almost eleven o'clock I was there until almost eleven o'clock you're fine to believe it or not I'm a pretty nice guy well I'm sure you think you are well you can take a poll if you'd like Tom says that seems to be what you're into I just wanted to clarify a couple of facts you're living in certainly acting like a real nice guy right now you're the guy is there I don't like to sit here and see your meat you know you can pick on me maybe I hope it's okay when you do a me before you have a program every day Rick what are you saying about it you have thought I never once said any disparaging thing about you as a person and I never one red anybody I hope I hope just not a tape at that program would be real embarrassing I never once said that anybody ever said what you were like I kept it between you and me I didn't bring up you didn't call me Tom jucker why don't you didn't call me Tom jucker well for what oh but you didn't say anything bad about me now you just you made by my name you called you and even twisted at the time Chuck I did not you didn't say not just like nobody what everybody you're right Rick I made it all everybody at Waxy Hugg you refused to give me any credit and that's that's my style I was talking to you Tom I wasn't talking about you I was talking to you what you don't like him I don't like what he does you don't like him and when I said in there with you you'll get it look like there was going to be this fight I thought it was going to be fun and it began let me just say this to you okay you know how many guests I have all right like three a year yeah show now Tom has been coming on a show for ten years and he and I have had some wild disagreements and spite of the fact that some people think we have this in safety is relationship and he thinks the world the sun rises and sets up my answer whatever it is but the bottom line is when a guy keeps coming in and every time he comes in which that was the third time in a row was once with Dick Ferrell and I figured who the second time was three three times in a row come in and somebody comes in and again I thought it was going to be fun so I take part of the responsibility which Ben did not let Ferrell come in here make a circus out of that show we know I get kind of old it reminds me of the days when I would be on would Steve and all of a sudden cider men or someone those guys would invite himself to come in after I've been invited to stick around and coming and sit down and pop down and start a big fist fight on here it just it gets old you're right I have I apologize I thought that I was expected to come in because we knew that we had nothing to apologize for but the bottom line is you guys dislike each other in ten years you know that though I thought that you do now the point is I didn't I had no I didn't know the man it until that now it's personal and ugly and you hate each other like poison well you know I think we could agree uh two hate each other is basically what it's all about you know but when you say a steady stream of people come in it's a one and a half I am in this and that and there's seven people in the office and six of them say that but the fact is that people weren't allowed there but can I say something a great deal of friends over there Tom and nobody no secretaries would have let him know it I got to do a break let him say this to him if you could if you say the bad somebody anything and the guy calls you up and said did you say that about me what are you going to say you got yeah well I did yeah I told time you were you whatever it's a back fighting business Rick okay trust me just keep it in mind I mean you want me to do I have a trial I'll bring in my witnesses I'll bring in Greg and the other people there to tell you yeah they did the back there's time that you're just people coming in let me ask you let me ask you let me ask you this Rick let me ask this is a story I heard over there the day I was there that someone came in one of these not existing people that don't that weren't there that day came in and said you know what time Linda thought and when she was writing the herald radio column what at one point said that that your show was mildly amusing that's what she said mildly amusing that wasn't good enough for you see you spend about a week ripping her that's true and that that's a week so we did not top the other week so far part on the air just for saying that you were only mildly amusing you're just playing right now what you are you're you're a hothead you can't take any one of those and what so ever you did or hours on me for hours minus about 20 minutes you talked about the sudden soli and come out of the way Gordon solely doing a play by play out of it but thanks for the time you'll I apologize I'm down I'm fine are you okay great okay okay thank you it's a love and 52 at happiness radio Wild who won the military right back news talk radio 610 Wild self-plarters news traffic and weather station now with even more traffic coverage first we'll now hear more traffic update every 7 minutes to keep you moving second report from three planes flying over self-plarters to keep you better in fall third a traffic report begin at 5 a.m. and in the late evening so with your schedule 610 Wild now even more traffic coverage your self-plarters news traffic and weather station near talk radio 610 Wild you're not happy I'm not my testimony alterick I don't know I guess brightest column I'm let me see I have to call on the greatest things in my colony I can't say his mildly am using because when to said that say ripped up or do what he said there's no a top scene are we going to do two hours or all these calls going to be about rickrally at time jick end world war three is that what this is going to be I mean he said none of these people are waxy car I'm a lie no in a waxy car many stories the one story I gave them oh yeah well I did do that so where did I make I may be things up how do you call somebody up as apparently he did close off of the waxy goes you call me an asshole I mean oh yeah well I did rickr actually what do you say of course you say no sure also lunch is great sunrise oh boy I'm waiting an hour well you're probably an emotional age right now yeah yeah but it's let me give you I want to talk fast I know the news is coming up so I'm really upset I don't have a lot of time here it is first of all I want to thank you Neil because I really have to hand it to you that you did a nice thing with the w at the end of the end so I am a listener of all stations including you and them and everybody I just got back into talk radio a couple of months ago I know with a summer and I even I'm a writer and I even wrote an essay that I hope to get printed on our local papers because I mean it's been a wonderful thing to be available okay so I was very yes very devastated at w and w s I switch back and forth I'm a switcher a switcher wherever you want to call it but in any event I'll tell you a little tidbit first I'm only one thing to be in I reconciled right okay I was from way back I've been here on the 10 years I was into waxy when I first came to Florida I listened to it every morning Greg and the gang right now I had a personal feud with Greg mind you but I still you know liked them date crew there and it was a good show now and I'll tell you honestly the minute the second that he went on despite my argument with him I had a real feud with him about something they promised to do for me do for me I did not ever listen I could not get into work and so I did not knock in that one station but for the point of view of this the only thing I could my two cents fits in here they're on the afternoon on your station if someone isn't looking for that but they do want the other type of top radio now we just have w jina which is you know okay like you and then it's you yeah he's gotten next week but we found it no but yeah I know well you know I deserved from producer a sure show I'm not going to say who earlier today I want to try to get on I couldn't get on that I should even bother listening to you because he's not going to be my cup of tea I'm only 30 eight like my not going to win me you just heard that from who why do you have me overdoses there you don't even bother because he's like not going to be your thing you're going to use very um you mean the person who answered the phone who you don't buy the I'm not saying hope I don't even know the person's name I'm all right hold on you're going to hold on because you've been on here for four hours anyway right not no well I got into the news I don't want to cut you off in midstream okay like you and her alright hold on okay she's on full will come back to her everybody is so damn a what can you become like me for crying out loud huh what's wrong with you people you know have you a blood pressure the way you need but hope a line on the star line star io d tom jica the radio TV provocateur of the four-laradele news and Sun sentals our guests out the food wasn't doctor brick and suds two of tom's very favorite to be along video expert doctor g Glenn latest video gizmos joan sety on sports talk at 605 and Randy at eight South Florida's new graphic and weather station new soccer videos 610 w i o d Miami for water days and 1205 the temperature in South Florida 80 degrees next news updated to a clock bulletins at once i mean i nator for south florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 w i o d i stock radio 610 w i o d presents the deal Roger show get in touch and talk with me io dial 751 w i o d from day in brouard is five two four w i o d i'll be 655 w i o d and bell stop mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star i o d the opinions expressed by the guest host of colors are not necessarily those decisions now here's new rotters on news awkwardio 610 w i o d i'm a son there to tell him to stick him up the rest and they're always having them okay i know i did who she's talking about it's 1206 and w i o d time jick is our guest the radio TV troublemaker of the four waterdale news and sun sentinel we have a lady has been so patient that he's probably forgotten there was talking about it is so much because i have to get dressed to go to work now here's a thing yeah so i believe you both agree there has to be variety i mean it's nice to say everybody's listen to your show and what it's up or course all right and those people don't like i've always said if you don't like this show turn it off find something else yeah well i wanted on the truth i i got you see you i have time to know i wanted to call a complaint and you you know i i like the format of your show more recently rather than a few months ago but i'll tell you the truth there are times like it's like you said you have three guests a year well if i read you the list of the people i have gotten to speak to important people i even adapted for my rap i mean whether i like them and not it's very exciting i have to tell you the truth on the talk can i radio when they have the guests in the issue so there is room for everything i think jessson pilot and i've been an advertising day on the rodic bionol believes i don't know how they think anybody who is going to buy supplies on a m radio on a music although don't get crazy i do listen to jerry a little bit at night because it's like it's interesting everything's different but um but a m is not the place from music as far as i'm concerned right it's directly for people like you or issue oriented shows and so therefore that's a complete error what they did as for this work and such thing a lot of the personalities i have found all the idlest things to radio you know they get some of them admittedly just get an attitude yeah in any kind of show because right well we're all in i like i like it so i's both a bug with it as Rick has an attitude there's no question right so i think you would have no need to you know and he can learn a little bit of a hysterical and he's got an attitude as i said that the call of two calls is called before Rick Riley what you were saying about me bashing i've never said it cross word about Rick or i'm not in the time but i don't even know no i had a call yeah well no it's been now yeah well the same place he did to it yeah but Rick Riley's problem and this goes back to the original time when he came in here the last time i was here is that i've never written a column saying that he's the greatest thing since like beer that's his problem he needs that he just admitted that when the court and what you said the arrow wrote the kind of my liam using which is kind of a compliment and he ripped up for a week he said he's on words i didn't know what i have to know about how old is he Rick old enough to me or i'll know how how old is it about 40 that's about 45 and he's about 35 and 40 yeah well that he's really old and i thought he was so he was you're I was 29 I think what last thing and ask a favor i wanted to tell you one last story yeah i live in Miami 70 four to 75 or 75 to 76 and that was my first experience with talk radio and i was a big day though day of day of Larry i was a regular honest show when he was on i od on your station okay and i have a nickname i'm not going to say what it is because i'm doing business with him that all right Larry was one of the great into the right you got started here you're called uh so i mean he may be over you know spray himself to send it i just i'll tell you a story though i could i talk to him about three weeks ago from his home are you lucky well i kind of felt i was um this is a few would call me from home the thing is the thing with the show he did you know the Sunday show and i'm like what the end of it unfortunately but i'm the line tell me so the whole thing but he what they asked to do that by his age and Bernie brilstein said it up you can go looking for that to the best of my knowledge he just did it one shot it is no contract with NBC or anything god well you know whatever but the point is uh i i kind of like him and he's had his problems and so we all so you know i guess you'll get fun at it but you know you're not each other i mean i'm not everybody but everybody things on this on radio well that's what makes some people handle it better than no when you can when you can deal with it for what it is you're a lot better off and when you start taking it personally and getting hysterical you know what it says it's a process to this lesson it's to this day i am not clear as to whether Neil really does it does not like rent i'm not sure it's a gag or i'm not sure i'm not sure i really can't tell you i'm gonna be the one we answer the question very simply yeah all right i like to know you have a great day okay hey we like musical responses to everything on this station it's ten past noon on radio hysteria where we just make your blood boil everybody hates each other we're happy about it isn't it evidently right geez i'm in a good way i feel great i feel excellent today we have an open line on the star line at star i od i will say this i hope that i just i don't know why i'm compelled to say it i hope Rick Riley never forget as long as he lives the joy renal's rust oasis episode if he ever doubts that i support those guys in the afternoon i mean i went the extra york is that pissed me off the i think anything that i've ever been involved with in this business that was one of the worst that they con me into this client destined dinner and allegedly for then they denied that there was ever any saddle idea that none of that and it just the most blatant attempt for me to go to boy gerry and get them can so he could get a job because it means desperate for work a guy who couldn't even get a one on a weekend they can't have a cardboard audience on radio oh geez joe you're the worst he's almost like the old cane shows you know let's you and him fight yeah anyway it's twelve minutes past noon where here with tom jica the mild moderate uh the market's on twenty points of the sun sent a lot of the news and for a lot of the one more reminder that if you're already wearing your own Halloween costume when you look down you don't have to put anything extra on if you're looking like deby elis and he the answer is new truss system stop being a fat pig all you're like you notice how good i was i had my eggplant yeah you really behave you're not going crazy you're not going to know sir no way Jose because fat is out from a health standpoint from the way looks it makes you a mental wreck you feel like you want to stay in the house and ever go on again so if you like who i have a little fun next to all i mean and look human after really put on a costume new truss system can make you wear some real size clothing and join the crowd over here at wiod like wain Arnold and bouncer smith and the bob silver and Susan silver and sonny hergen the list goes on and on and right now get three weeks of new truss system program services for only fifty nine bucks you can't beat it because new truss system really works it succeeds where diets fail so call right now it stopped being a big fat one eight hundred i mean who do you want to look like elgolstein and drag one eight hundred three four four thin that's one eight hundred three four four TH i n and be sure and tell them that mild-mannered com reasonable meal at wiod code you to call new truss system this year the harnican am still light hurricane hotline has a new location every Thursday you think throughout the college football season will be broadcasting live from monies roe bar in token and grow a spectacular location adores and on the water so we can accommodate more hurricane fans this is your chance to ask questions and hear the analysis of each game by the head coach of the defending national champion hurricanes denna sirics and twenty five fans of com will receive right a six ten wiod sports fan badge stuff with hurricane memorabilia the carty breeder hats and other prices you can also register when gifts certificates from monies and hurricane t shirts it's a great time so I hope you'll join josegaki co-chair it's in Sam jank of it can be sunny hurs this Thursday from six to eight p.m. live from monies roe bar brought to you by honic and an am still light on south largest fort station that's six ten that's wiod you're saying 12 14 wiod let's take a call from four mires yeah this is not very king thank god I've got a few additions here I'd like to suggest you're on a roll those who contributed to the demise of w and w and w west this is John McHugh John Harper you know what John McHugh you know that ain't John Harper John Harper was my first board-off at w k-t this is John McHugh how about Steve Gilbert this is John McHugh can you believe it oh unbelievable well what is this it disease something like it yeah what was the last one Steve Gilbert oh my god lesson oh geez wait I'm gonna get my luck out oh where did I got hop there were more of a four mires there in paid coral they managed to persuade somebody put up a hundred thousand dollars and buy wdc-tool yeah and they're busy doing the same with it destroying it well listen to this great satellite service out of Colorado man they got this what he hurt what he hurling stuff it's fantastic this boys who love that you I'm not I do you know that anyway another contributor to the demise of the o-do end of the west of course was the infamous root cake fruit cake oh he was in town you know only a couple of weeks ago he was on leave you know he's in the Israeli army now yeah I know that and and he was in town he called and we'll try and it's pretty upset about it yeah well if whatever breaks out over there fruit cakes gonna have a hand in it yeah yeah this is really John McHugh John McHugh he is uh not that you last working part-time weekends at the great talk radio station and fortmires w i m k the big wink the big winker yeah as opposed to we have a big oink liner yeah yeah well they've got the resources to do it right one of these days yeah okay but get out of that truck jodd so great hearing from you yeah John McHugh yeah you know that listen that list you ought to mail to every uh broadcasts will be a trick Gilbert oh you remember you Gilbert oh geez they hired him I forget it was during the late period when I came back from Nashville and Chrome was busy trying to destroy the station and they put him on on the weekend and he was like doing some fill in and weekend he was one of the worst I have never in my life he made joys seem like David Letterman I mean this guy and I'll never forget the 90 was on here late nights I think it was doing like midnight to six or something 12 30 in the morning he calls home and he's got like a nine or ten year old kid he says Tommy did mommy and I get divorced because I was in radio and he's asking his little kid why oh geez I mean this guy so Steve Gilbert WNW he never never even like Sandy Peyton and drag I mean that monotone oh geez how could I have left him off the list that's like calling somebody and calling Waxy and saying my nice guy between Milton Fisher and Steve Gilbert novelist is rounding out nicely my amy hello yes sir yeah I get all right you listen to uh what's been going on here and and of course the thing that I would ask for to you because and that's the economic side of the argument is to why uh where the station died the uh and the and I make reference to uh that's why you're a past that the uh which ups are the uh the thing that that used to confound me is Neil's big numbers and all the criticism uh where you guys were talking earlier the station's got a stick by a and uh you know to go ahead and make make a good show or make a good reputation and but I guess the thing that I'm asking is is there's was a demise because they couldn't sell the show but yet Neil haven't you talked about how management doesn't go along with you and you're pulling out of the big numbers uh what drives the the uh the reason for talk radio because I think well I am a goodman has been doesn't go along with me I said management is dumb which they are and they don't listen to your suggestions which they don't but in terms of um interfering with what you do or just totally putting the clamps on you they don't do that well but but still if you've got the good numbers that means that you've got a pretty good sense of what the uh the market is about and so that if uh I mean if I was the guy that was uh holding the uh the purse strange and said and you come up to me and said okay look why aren't you going to do a format uh that does this this and this uh for example when you were WNWS and then they said that was the cash borne they did it you see he listened and the station went from from point one we finally had a 6.4 was the glory book that we had like in uh 81 and the spring of 81 of the four from nowhere yeah the thing with uh WNWS is that they're owned by an insurance company in North Carolina and there's nothing more conservative than an insurance company and they would just they didn't want any controversy and you can't do it well how to talk about it let me give you another example when I was at WNWS I did eight to midnight okay and it was uh I had some younger people but mostly that topic uh or issue-oriented geriatric talk okay then I convinced him finally because the news numbers during the daytime were decimal pulling out of the daytime kick ass we did I wound up with one book nine share okay then I went over to Zay the did the same thing kick everybody's answer oh no no let me let me just finish but the bottom line is that guy gannett broadcasting out of Portland main not unlike Jefferson pilot is a very Yahoo a conservative outfit they were terrified and petrified by the controversy by everything that stand and I were doing they didn't have the stomach for talking at least to their credit I mean in a perverse way at least they finally in as much said okay we were all news we want to be all news you know I have a stomach for this everybody go have a good life and we just can't handle it anymore and they couldn't yeah but if they're if I'm making the bottom line okay if you if I project and I say okay we're making uh because of uh the recommendations that I'm taking from the guys that are in the seat and they're saying okay I'm getting a good rate of return on the investment I'm saying hey you go out there take the heat no but a big company won't do that yeah what I'm talking about I did it because of the company how about infinity block that's right in Howard's turn that's not a little yeah I can't spread they've always been the full of unconscious of different situation too and that it's family held in not answering the stockholders yeah and that makes a big difference but the properties in an off-stand to go ahead and listen to what works they just don't want to contribute they feel that they can make the money in other way these organizations they make so much money in their other main line of business that you know it really is I just enterprise the other interests yeah they just don't want to their phrase that and the people who orchestrate these type of campaigns what they do is they go after them where they live they say not only will we will we destroy your radio station will destroy your insurance company and they get nervous you don't want to do it they well there's a lot of ways to make money but even but but you're giving them too much credit even forgetting about people that go after them to use that expression before any of that ever happened they were losing maybe they had that geriatric audience they don't know I mean we're making a two complicated they don't know how to win they ruined wgbs which is a major station with a big signal they ruined wnws which a lot of us had worked hard and built to a major factor in this market with big numbers and demographics there weren't all geriatric we had a lot of living and reading people and they destroyed it and it wouldn't change and they wouldn't be a lot of people when you say they destroyed it okay they did yeah but what I'm saying is as that happens doesn't the dollar the economics come into say hey you know that's a dumb move but they don't know any better they don't know any better and they just kept going with it and going with it and going with it and going with it waiting for some miracle to happen which never did so now they're answer is to can almost everybody to cut the to cut the overhead down to virtually nothing and so even the minimal billing that they've got they're going to cut their losses on an AM life has got big numbers with their music on the FM that's how they're going to make money another time I got that AM license they don't know how to make any money with it bottom line question I go ahead and say okay I'm going to buy a station you know what what is it take to put a station to buy one buy that and then a monthly operating cost and then what kind of a present profit on your return the question about a million dollars per cheap station and AM station and then I'll get what to monthly operating well that's the point depends if you know you know what if you want to buy an AM station the best thing to do is do like to people in the WVCG and has no public service value broker the time sell it to the Haitians and the how is this group I think the same thing broker out the time religious nuts whatever it is get the money from them you've got no overhead they put on their own programs you make you make a fortune the people in on WVCG are making over a million dollars a year clear profit and what they got on the year I wouldn't wish on anybody okay but that's unfortunately what radio you have but what I'm saying is is that I think it's really stupid when I when I got it is demonstrated your crack record and that you you know because because I always wonder why you you don't do the talk topic the issue or any stuff it doesn't work it's history doesn't it's great I agree but I run him on a year one day about three years ago and I said this is even boring me so I remember how the audience I would never go back to it sir you've got to have a feel for what goes and I got to feel it is really amazing that people don't listen to you to like a buck and they never will they would listen we're doing okay yeah I think it's success thanks 24 after noon at WVW I would do we have an open line of date 751 9463 751 Rikrali is God unicorn villages celebrating their 11th anniversary tomorrow Halloween day with a gourmet tasting fair from one delayed and you'll find some incredible stuff boy you don't have to go out and trick and trade you can get free some of the great goodies from all the departments at the unicorn village restaurant and market for example the deli the bakery for they've got baked goods over there just beyond belief they got cream puffed the size of your head they've got incredible baklava they have a carrot cake that I would kill for all their liquids are just fantastic they use no garbage no natural sugar no we find anything in any of their products seems like brown sugar and they have to coolman beef with no hormones and no garbage to see food department the poultry department a grocery department will be providing goodies for you to sample in the best part is it's all free all day tomorrow you'll see all the employees in costume is dressed up like a brand or cross including the biggest pumpkin and Florida even bigger than Debbie's right cheek so come to the best trick or treating town at the unicorn village marketplace with their unbelievable Halloween party and gourmet tasting fair one delayed tomorrow Halloween day it is going to be sensational the unicorn village marketplace they're just east of biscuit bull about just go east on north east to a seven street in the waterways in avantura the mild matter time jikki is our guest is 1227 a W. I. O. D. a trouble maker radio let's go to a mobile and jupiter hello yes sir speak to me hello no yes yes I would just call in the half mr. jikka if Why doesn't the subject matter work on talk radio they work on TV with your open and all the rest of them well you know and that's part of the reason that is exactly part of the reason I mentioned it in the column I did you know a month ago predicting what would happen at WNWS and you know this is your base core topics as we say abortion gun control by a lingualism all those things and then to take some of the edge of that you fill in with some of these bizarre shows and those are the people now that you're getting on Oprah and down in you you know the transvestite lesbian midget nuns and all that other crap and because they're there they've stripped away a lot of the guests that used to hit the talk show circuit you can't do all me getting every day you know her all the she might say a while though claim that he was going to clean up his act I just all in last I turn it on yesterday and he's doing a rape on college campuses rape and violence in college which is emigrated so legitimate topic but just to see the way he exploits everything and you know he's not kidding anybody Margate Hey there yes sir. Yeah, I got an answer to the Rick Rally time jica problem. Okay. I think what we need to do is we go to both in the desert don't give them No, no, we need to wrestling ring Gonna have the rest of will have Gordon solely referee it. I got a better idea than wrestling why don't we get the farting post out Oric ricks did that those rest was a good role models for kids, you know they buy a list of the answer and somebody Somebody's different kill him. Look at the way a big one-to-kill role models. We have figure we can kill three birds Of one stone because we can air this during the rainy market show. Yeah, there you go I tell you why ricks got me out way big. I mean, I don't know if you know we're in different way classes and different We like a giant up the Georgia time go at it first there about the same size number work up to we could have the movie like the Define one show Hands up the two of us together and put us on a change Yeah, and then I think you can do okay And then on STL because he's you know, we defy our brand. He's different. Well, let me just say Well, let me say this the reason I have no No problem with having him call in and promoting the fact he's gonna be honest because I don't think he's gonna take five Of the leaders that Rick and suds have an ampunt because there's a high-old lady different kind of audience Yeah, the people are listening to this station our people are not interested in the hearing the urin lady and The Brevrens and the ministers and Ellis Rubin and those people who want that stuff they'll go over there and more power to them You know, I think that's fine Why is the listen to him way back? I spit a liver driver and Sometimes I had to turn it off because some of the guests he had but really just too far out of me You know, it's like people are like drill oh, yeah, you know the head of an A breath and ahead of the cook-clux client You can bet David Ducke will be on which would be a good guess that yeah David Ducke on there with you know probably off the title bomb Yeah, yeah, be good you can yell out some scream at some hatred Well, yeah, I said today and you know it's all gotten lost in this I said that a lot of days I used to listen to to Steve but a lot of days the same as you it would be so far out that I would turn them off And I'll tell you everything about Steve too and talk about people doing boring things when he was a WNWSB Four-fowler came in he was a lot more Controversial a lot more emotional a lot more exciting on a year and then Fowler came in and performed the operation I like to call it and even over here He never really went back to that kind of you say firebrand I wouldn't agree with that word maybe he will be now But I know before it's time wait hungry now. He's like I got to make a living yeah, but uh, I think he was it is best though on on this On your station when he didn't even have a guest on what was his him and the callers and you know that wasn't always his own choice On four down to the powers that be here felt that without a guest he was lost. That was there feeling and so they force fed him to have guest after guests After get and a problem like I said and I know it because I did topical talk for 12 years in his market They're just out there many good guests here. There's nobody here who you're gonna have on after you have the mayor and the dog catcher on a couple of times There's nobody left. There is nobody here that that's it Well as far as door topics because I mean you can we can you know watch TV news Or any of these other you know donnie Why not what is why I have what whoever's on the circuit selling a book Yeah, that's pretty much what it all is and people get sick of it. I mean it's like this The thing over in the Iraq I mean you know it's on 24 hours a day seven days a week and you know You bring on like the Iraqi ambassador like Kinghead who cares? Yeah, you don't think guys gonna set their hands say A world right you're wrong, you know See another thing that happened when CBS entered into the Martin picture here is that really Help to kill I mean good competition is one thing, but when you have too much competition and too much of the same thing and a lot of it is bad It kills it and then you wind up with the same old voices you could when we had the four stations to talk You could literally turn from one station to another and hear the same old chronic regular and five minutes later Here are my other station saying exactly the same thing. Yeah, that was not It wasn't unusual to offer a guest to be on say this stage. Yeah morning. We stand and then it on at night with the Or there was something hot like immigration or bilingualism you could go from morning noon and night and every host on four different stations All talking about the same thing and that's what happened nationwide with topical talk may and became so desperate that Most of it went either to news or talk and as a result people are talked out They've heard everything said about the death metal day about abortion about any of those tried and true 20 topics There's nothing less to be said. It's all been said a thousand times And it gets real well hope you guys are good one in time You know, I still want to see the wrestling match and I do think You're such it a good commentational Gordon-Sully referee and you're in a Randy Martin show Well, I can see Rick with Rick with Chick my butt. Well, we can do a much today I want to have a minute. Yeah. Well Alex Bennett I want you said if he had the ability he tear the hair is right off Alex who said we did And then what why didn't he I never did I understand why didn't he have it? You know why didn't he just take him out in the parking line because he's a whim Have you ever seen how it's been it? Yeah, I have it. I was on a second show. Yeah. I went to one of those Audience things he has because I was in the area. You know I wanted free food. I mean call me a movie And we remember for a what down here in this guy He said he just has hollowed suck it back all right. He looks like it's about the fall asleep He's taking the only 26 You're kidding going on well going on 12. Well he he was taking pills and washing them down a day You know diet coke and you know he's on the air personal Alex had his greatest moment at WMCA in New York during the drug culture years when he had on You know, if you literally regularly He looks like he mentioned it through the way hang out and eat some brownies and a few other things Yeah, because he was gone. I mean this guy would get off the air and like he would talk to me The people that he invited over he'd like just avoid him ignore him. You know, and all you know Only he would say he's like please bring more friends. I need ratings. Oh, it's all he you know And then he was like lost Well he's backing his realm. They love him out there and work like he's there. It's a fantastic fiscal have a great day All right, I know a lot of the fact that I have a friend is TV critic and San Francisco You know, we talked about when he went back and what had happened here and everything because he was doing a piece out there And they but out there he's got a Better like he's at a better class a guest that Robin Lee and Shambi comes out there It's a major market and all his big stand-up comics that he's into so much all the big names are out there Yeah, and he is an opportunity here He was desperate he put any schlepper in the world an Eric Lambert seriously ought to kiss together go out there and kiss Alex on the for and if it wasn't for Alex Better Eric Lambert will be still be schlepping They stand up routine up there and brow it at these flop houses So he gave it opportunity to a lot of people who are terminal who are when I need money It worked at a cop. Exactly. Yeah, bring it off the street and it was just deadly. It was just Deadly but you know that happens to a lot of people That's one reason that I'm real reluctant To leave here I've invested 15 years in a market next March first will be 15 years and yeah I'm doing fine. Okay, but you never know you can be the greatest things in sliced bread You go to New Yorkers your Congress or this place with that place and if they don't take to you right away Or if you have to suddenly make a big adjustment of what you used to do doesn't make it anymore You could be all through and if you would have stayed here He'd have been people at him in a question all the time why doesn't he all got a new awkward going? And I've that's exactly what I've told me you just don't know where your act is gonna play in In addition to which you go to New York you've got to make two or three times the amount of money You're making here at least just to be in the same spot. I don't know you know I hate to be a New York fashion because I live there and everything But even being up there for this four days how those people put up with a day in and day out That has so that the traffic the holes I mean when I talk and pot holes were talking Cradys cradys and this is an even a snowy season. It's gonna get worse now These are the ones that are left over from last year and if you want to go across the George Washington Bridge I have to go to the airport something to look water two hours to get 11 miles It's how and this was a Sunday night. We're nothing going on Sunday night at seven o'clock Why should the George Washington Bridge been busy? There was nobody there was nobody coming off in the Jersey shore stand it you get to the tribe or bridge It's You know you gotta wait you're about 60 if in wine to pay the toll and you got some person in there who hates their job and makes no effort to do it fast And they count the money is if you know they have arthritis and they don't give a damn that the traffic is backed up into into the battery Just doesn't matter to them Everybody's got a lums and bars on their windows and you know three German shepherds in their house That's speaking to German shepherds in their house Then they take the German ship it out in the street. You gotta walk watch where you're gonna walk I mean I grew up in New York and I wouldn't trade it for nothing But anybody who talks with any kind of romantic glowing terms in New York is out of their mind That New York doesn't exist anymore. That's what you know this cancels are simply Didn't the New York people think about does not exist that's Camoot 1237 at WI the D times gonna give some opinions and a while we have a hard time getting them to do that Rick and Suds will be here at 2 to 6 this afternoon probably with a couple of opinions of their own. What is that? No, that's right. Are you on your way to peace a copy time to relax your so damn hyper? Calm down 23 till one at WI Odeen will be right back 41 at WI Odeen. Let's take a call from sunrise on now. Yes, sir. All right Tom, we told a little TV anything you want why is it what's the reason with these networks telling out cobert and already Murphy Brown and one of the years to rerunning? Just the one week. Well, the one of the years last week I wanted about that myself because it wasn't supposed to be a rerun They had a different shell list and TV guide. They ran into some production problems and they thought they would be up against the world series So they they stuck in a rerun thing or you know nothing nothing anything nothing lost and They'd save an original episode for later in the season Murphy Brown last night was this was the last week before the swims You see what as you mentioned two good shows the good shows take long and a make they put some care into them quality takes time So they don't get them churn out as quickly as the shows that you know who cares So every now and then they get backed up in production Rather than have these people operating with a gun to their head to give them a one week break and and then they can they can Operated to human pace and if you let somebody operated a human pace, they'll do better work And what's dial up as excuse for waiting to November start? Oh that's simple there was world series games on Almost every year ever you see what they didn't want to do they could have put Dallas on Premier Week in September But then it would have been on for a week and then it would have been off for three weeks Then it would have been on for another week and then off for another week and because it's a cereal They thought the best thing to do is wake started fresh and and then just play it right through because it's hard It's preamptocereal than just a normal episode because is that kind of you like me? I guess that's when nice landing disappears for a couple of weeks Yeah, you can make people wait a week for it to see the story get resolved But when you ask them two and three weeks at a club and doing it regularly And at the first time one network ever had to play us in the world series He had almost three four weeks of baseball, right? But you would have had a job they do with it Oh well, tell them about not planning I saw a movie for HBO Deception with neglect Sheridan Harry Hamland Was it HBO that was show time? Show time I rented it. Can you explain it? No, no idea what happened. I just loved her because she was under arrest for most of the movie Exactly I say it's story back there Yeah, I thought I had no idea just what to say I'm trying to explain nothing in the movie Well, yeah, let me tell you we were She was just in this thing lucky chances that NBC had so they had her out in the press to a last summer So after the question and the answer session for the NBC mini series a couple of critics who felt the same way we all watched it for the sex scene and None of us knew what it was so we cut her afterwards and we said I think like could you explain the plot to us and she just laughed and she says you're about to hunt your frozen Zassmas I didn't make any sense that either The person they shot the husband He was really shocked exactly and she did it and in the guy did come in and he was going to attack And he said always seen when she was alone We had no camera it was just the camera and her it looked like she was really afraid She said the best and remember now she's in it. This is the guy's honest truth these are our own words She said the best she could figure it was originally it was supposed to be in a dream and then in the middle someone forgot that It took it an entirely different direction She looks good though, you know they don't shoot these things in order you shoot you might shoot the last scene of the movie and then two middle scene You've been in the home that the best days and not slanting was two seasons ago a nickel a cheered and then And I think you're seeing a roll around naked on every episode. That's when it was forever on the What you call croquet force was you had the strip croquet with the panoramic? Yes, sir That she rolls around naked with Harry Hammond, which means she has that very good taste And she doesn't have anything to worry about Oh, we get a great day Okay, sorry 244 trust me at W.O.D. We have an open line in Broward 5249463 and also on a starline at Stario D. We have any more radio celebrities They want to call in we've had John McHugh. We had Steve Kane We had Alos off the air with little a tidbit or two boy got only knows whether it'll be next maybe Sandy I got it and talk about people saying bad things What about oh Rips saying Look to terrific she had those dark I'm just talking about the way that they a ripper here all the people that used to work with their own man Unbelievable and I'm sure she called him and asked them that all deny it. They'd say oh, yeah, we said that Homestead. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey Tom. Okay Well, we should realize what they call I think he just made his case even worse than it was before Well, I mean, you know, I saw that thing the name on the screen and I Deliberated for 20 seconds and I thought well, let's give everybody their say and get it over with you Yeah, it wasn't wasn't the essence of his call that he's not a hide it Oh, yeah, no doubt about it. Not you know I'll tell you some I don't think says just you're enough credit for making that sure one of his side's the judges the human of their side's the real gentleman So he yeah, he's a late back guy and he he doesn't have a playoff rally real well And then if it was Rally without such there would be a show Yeah, but see I think that's the part about that show that makes a good is that they're both different There's a chemistry there and Riley's the hothead and judges like laid back and the real low key in it That's that will make it I mean nobody says you've got to be Mr. Mellow or Mr. Perfect off the year to have a great trail It's like the cops the good cop bad cop thing, but sure Yeah, time they'll go 15 20 minutes and you hardly want your word from sides And then I'll just say something that's so funny. I want to drive off the road Well, he's one that comes up with a funny stuff what I call it after any's a real gentleman So again, I stress that oh, yes Okay No, it was WFU in was it ever off the 790 Freak was he was it ever 710 Not what? WFU in was it only 790 yeah, I'm sure most of you I think it's a yes GDS and WS to combine Or okay, well one wonder is like you know we think they're hope that we just take it WFU and WQAM real strong Right, but did the Tariys to be on cable for a rest you in Why have that's before I came here? I had the office was on the office was on sunset drive Yeah, all I know is that by the time I got here just before it switched WNWS to signal of if you went Had to interrogate it so badly It was almost like off the year terrible. I always just wonder about that. I hear one more question now The target audience for for You've a so-and-so-and-shows is like 25 to 54 right that's the one most advertised is one Okay, because there a one-figure had about a week or so ago that 55 and older control most The money in this country this guy I was argued or work about Especially with you know they do but there's a difference they don't end it right No, they do spend that they spend more than younger people I mean you know they what the hell that I'm gonna take away them The problem is that the perception of advertisers right or wrong is that they're set in their ways That they're not as susceptible to new products and most of your advertising is done for for new products All right, okay, well when you go into a car dealership for example look around and see what the median age of most of the people is You're not gonna see too many people 75 by new car every year. That's true. Okay, man Just what do you think this counts do once I turn down Once the sun came up down here because you know we're we're way far south of that Transmitter in there a head to be Head to be you Johnny May us what are you gonna do with this fail? Do you take your mind the one that gonna do I don't what did Joe and apparently is selling a combination right? I mean this thing is gonna have if it's possible It's gonna have demographics even worse than WNWS had you know Oh, absolutely they got a salad in combination with WLIF which I'm gonna call out. They're gonna call it life and death Wow have a great day 1248 and WI would do with Tom Jika and we'll be right back News talk radio 610 WI OZ covering the big stories from around the world and South Florida I know a fixel sick. They may have the fire under control of this point and they've been working hard to contain the blades to the Jefferson evacuating nearby people buildings and giving the flames away from some of the unspopulated buildings The Miami Beach is fire department Wow People when people I thought the pilot was wonderful. Yes sir. I would early in often folks. Very much, very much, 400 times Neil. Time's been a vote for Lawton Charles. Are you sure? You bet. And coming from hand, that's a miracle. Probably would be the first time I voted for a top of the ticket Democrat in my life. I voted for many Democrats, but not top of the ticket. My brother once passed on something. Go ahead, Doc. Hey, Tom. Yeah. I want to know what you feel like the new episode of the Flash. I thought the pilot was wonderful. I thought the pilot was. I think it gets all real quick. I don't know. I think you have met a real good in this. And then why can't lately, and you know, I would think that they would die down. You could say, you know, from the first one, the team of Beck. But it's been going pretty well with it. Yeah. I was predisposed not to like that show because I'm not a fan of that kind of science fiction. But they impressed me. I gave it a very, very favor of you. I love it. I love it. Hey, Tom. What do you think of Twin Peaks? I think it's bizarre. I don't really care who killed Laura Palmer. I find all the people fascinating. Yeah, that's the same way up here. I think if it's got a lot to do with it. I just want to thank you for the crazy people. It's kind of fun. You just can't take it seriously. I hope it last. Well, it will. The demographics are very good. You think even on Saturday evening the last? Yeah, don't look at the ratings. The demographics for the show at your reference. They're getting people there that they never got before. It's for the same reason that NWS had problems. Because their ratings weren't all that bad. But their demographics were. Well, the same with Twin Peaks. Their ratings aren't that good. But the demographics are good. Appetizers don't buy ratings anymore. They buy certain audience segments. Even when I run, I run the 12 plus ratings when I do my rating story. Because that's kind of like the horse race competition. Just overall viewers. But it's really misleading. The same is on Thursday when you get to TV ratings. The overall ratings aren't all that important. Like, cause these been beaten the Simpsons regularly. But the Simpsons has more views than cause me. And you know, if you want, I'll take a half hour and explain to you how that could be. But essentially what it comes down to is that cause me in a lot of those homes is only one or two people watching the show. With the Simpsons, they find this four or five people watching. So the rating you see in the paper is a household rating. They got to multiply that by the number of people in the house. So the Simpsons actually has more people watching than cause me. I don't like guys that want to very much. Hey Neil, yeah. Can I say hello to some of my friends, please? Yes sir. Chris Bob, Pop, George. Sounds like Robber Room. Chris over there. And hi, George. Yeah. Carlos and her. You guys are all chronic. Hey, we're out of material. Okay. Prof. D. 5 with Wild. Miami. Neil. When is this? How you doing? Great. Leaping. I'm leasing. Remember that? I had a great time on Friday and I have a copy of the channel 7 thing. I don't know if you're interested. I could send you a copy. Yeah, I love the sea. Okay. I'd love to see it. Oh really? I was out of jail. It was kind of short, but it was really funny. Yeah. Well, I can relate to that. Okay. You're going to talk more time. You're going to be going to Sunday's game? Of course. Can I give it to a whole rake or a surte and they'll take it to you upstairs? You mean the tape? Yeah, the tape. Or you're going to just drop it off the station. You're going to take it to that. Is Rick on it a lot? Huh? Is Rick on it? No, he's no. No, he's no. He's over here. I hope I'll be staying. Come on. Come on. Jesus. Give the guy a break. How channel did they just won't give him credit? He's not that bad. Why do you think? Channel 7 must hate him. Are you a rick that tape? Don't mention Tom's name when you do it. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Well, 56 are hostility radio 610 WIOD. Let's go to Hollywood. Yes. Okay. The first one is, what do you think of the local news team? Do you think that they should be replaced by network news team? What? The anchor. All right. Like on channel. You're going to bring it down. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure Tom Brokler is just anxious to come down here and work on channel 4. Tom, I mean to hire executive like NBC News team instead of hiring local people that live. Do you have any kinds of tech television works? You said no. I don't say any. What do you mean by executive NBC News team? What does that mean? Well, I mean people that work in the field like doing national news, like on NBC or ABC. What would they know about this community? But what's wrong with having people that know like that work news? What do you want? I don't want to make no sense to me. We have local people who do the local news. We have network people who do magic on those. Isn't it? Do you want a guy in New York right about next Tuesday's election in High-Elea? No. Well, that's what you say. Well, I will. I will. Okay. Let's move on to the next one. It's got to be better. It is. What do you think about the scrambling? I hate it. You know, but I hate it for a selfish reason. Did you think that they can start scrambling? I am an FM radio station. I think they are. Oh. Well, he's having a good news. You know, this spot that this is your brain. Yeah. That there is the guy. Yeah. Let's go to Pompano. I remember when you used to do nice and topics. Sometimes you get some of those women who are into the bottle at dinner time. Yeah. This guy has got an early start. It must be handy with Henry. Hello. Hey, it's going. Good. It's on. Yeah. Because I think we out of people from time and newsweek right in the local newspaper. Yeah. Rick's going to be in here in a little bit, so I'm shaking. Yeah. Come on. I was wondering. Is the satellite feeds that they're using on AM now? Is that like the wave of the future? Oh. I've been doing that for years. It's just usually in a market this size. You don't get radio stations doing that. They program their own. I mean, I've even heard news that was satellite on certain stations. Almost all news you hear is satellite. I mean, a mutual and everything that comes from the network is now in satellite. What's stereo AM like with that in Jack, new light into AM, with that David? I don't think so. How would it say that? Well, I don't know. Maybe the music sound would be better. Yeah. It would sound just like FM. The only problem is that everybody in America would have to go out and buy a new radio in order to be able to pick it up. That's a problem. Yeah. You need a wide of band. I don't sure. No. Well, I mean, it could. No. I see where that's all. Sound just as good as FM. I mean, if they did go to AM stereo, would there be ALR stations on AM would that? Sure. I don't know why not. I don't know why not. I suppose there would be sure. But one of the reasons there's no big push for it is that there's no show. How did you space in the FM band? Yeah. And I'm not going to do this digitalized thing, which I don't even understand yet. So did you all hear the shadow? Yeah. Anyway, we'll come back for our big one to two. We'll be in the building. We'll be in the window, which ought to be very exciting. Let's get some security and hear for Tom. The lovely, the talented Elaine Ettora standing by with our one-on-clock geriatric news. No. It's not the news at geriatric. It's Elaine's boyfriend. Zibil come back at 105. Dickened out at two sports talks. It's at 105. Okay. The Ken WIO. The bad one to cure. The bad one to cure. The one on the switch. Right. 107 at the WIO. The Tom Jick is here. Sudd was in the studio. Everybody's happy. He said this smiling. Got it along great. How am I doing? I can't we all get along. Yeah. Rick. He's always like that. We have an open line in the star line. It's star IOD for our Bellsoth mobility friends. I'm just here to have a good time. Have a little lunch and go see mommy. Jupiter. Yes, sir. I have three quick thanks for you. Everyone, Tommy, we're talking about advertisers. Don't buy and certainly two. The numbers that they go on for the demographic treatment. The number of my BRO. Yeah. That's fair. Well, depending on how low. I mean, you know. No, Boko audience doesn't mean well, but even so. I can't be off the pick. Yeah, all that low. If you've got a 25 to 54, you have one. But what I'm saying is like twin peaks does like a, you know, it's ranked like 70 second among all shows and all households. But demographically, it's in the middle of the pack. Well, then the sin not slanting must do pretty well and too. But the last week they were 38. But you know that behind LA Law. Yeah. Yeah. That's the same concept that the pipe were ready to. Yeah, pretty much. Okay. Okay. Number two. Double weeks ago. I had a radio accident. I was listening to Mike Miller and he was talking about the book. And he said, we are the number one. Rated. They are ready to speak and the South of the ears. We didn't know what that means. No, no, I'll tell you why he says that. Number one, talk, AM state. And the reason for that is because they're talking to Palm Beach market. And in that market, they've got a big share of the health and health and health. The PBR is virtually off the end. Yeah. They've let go just about everybody. And I think they only have one live show a day. So yeah, they doubt everything is relevant. I mean, the number of people that are translates into his mezcule because the Solving Palm Beach County, I mean, if whole population of Palm Beach, guys are about a half a minute. Yeah, I'd be like, it'd be like Jose Conseco coming down here and signing up at a softball and hitting 800. And that doesn't mean he's going to hit 800 in the major leagues. Well, I tell you that you can tell that you have four large areas in there. Top of the hour, I'd be easy. Well, they've got a powerhouse combo. They're in RMS. But they're not an effect or in this market. For example, uh, boy. One of them, they get fractions in the day-browered books. So they do not affect you. IOD does much better in Palm Beach than they do in Dayton. As a matter of fact, the matter of fact, Monday through Sunday, 12 plus in this last book, they had a point five. Well, I'll give you an example. In the Palm, you know, I do the Palm Beach ratings because, uh, a lot of our readership is in Palm Beach. And almost all the time, four of the top 10 stations in the Palm Beach market are day-county stations. I get tapered up here and somebody else say, hey, we're number four in the market. What hell? There's only six stations up here. Right. Well, yeah, it's about 12. But yeah, most of them you can barely hear. Okay. Wow. Thank you. What's the thing? I'm right here. There's going to be a few thousand. I'll see you in the next one. What's next? Well, I think it's going to be pretty much what it is now. A band for ethnic radio, for talk radio and for broken radio. That's it. Yeah. Broken radios. You've got two stations in this market making a lot of money. I mean, I know, I know the owner of KAT, uh, that I've known him for years. He's a guy I talked to regularly on the phone. How a primer. I'm trying to find a friend of his, but, you know, I found him to be a guy. He's a radio maven. He knows what's going on. Uh, and, you know, all the stations and I found his insights to be valuable. And when I need, you know, what, what this was up to and what that, that one's up to. How would what that radio station? Because he always had to dream the program is on radio station. You know, how it's father and all that. Well, yeah. But I'm, yeah, the point is he's, you know, it's his station. Uh, but he's making so much money as a broken station. You just can't afford to maybe play radio. Yeah. Yeah. And other is really until he just a handful of incredibly talented broadcasters and the country. And, and you're totally one of them. Thank you. Appreciate it. Bye. What he says is true without talking about me, but there's so few people who are really creative and are really entertaining and really whatever, and whatever field it happened to me. And I think now it's showing more than ever before. Now that AM is really desperate and people are, well, is that new talk TV network that's going to be coming on first quarter next year, cable talking at work, and you look at the lineup they got. And if that's the best thing. That's not the line. Allen Burke is going to be on over. No, he's not. It was in the, the trade publication last week. I have that full pal and Burke is going to be on over night. Yeah. Or they still just printing the names of the picked up man. Oh, no, no, they got the actual lineup. They announced it. And they got the actual lineup. They're going to do like two and three hour block. They're going to have a medical show in the morning. Oh, and the old man. Yeah, the old man. All that shit. Allen Burke is going to be on over night. And joy be horizontal. Who? Joy. It does. And. But with Bruce Williams is on. You know, I mean, I want to talk to you about the alcohol. You because I want to see what you think about it. I'm going to write a column on it. But yeah, no, they've got the actual lineup. Two in the morning, so five in the morning and he used to midnight, you know, 11 to one in the West. It's going to be silmic guest all over the country. Uh, and when you look and I said, is this the best they can do? You just wonder. Yeah. Well, they sure aren't spending any money. That's for sure. Probably not salary king this that. Yeah. Well, they're probably. You know, he's in there somewhere when you notice that big. You didn't anywhere. Probably not. After one at W.I. O.D. And if you've heard us talk about it, a lot of you probably have kind of wondered about low jack does it make any sense. Does it work? You can go out and spend thousands of dollars for an auto alarm system literally, like two, three grand. And think you've got the greatest protection in the world. The only problem is when somebody breaks in the car and the alarm goes off number one, nobody pays any attention. And number two, the experienced auto thief can disable the alarm. And just a matter like seconds because they know where they install it. They know how it's installed. And so after a few seconds of beeping and honking and nobody paying any more attention, no more alarm and guess what? No more car. It's gone. You'll never see it again. And boy, trying to collect on that auto. Mobile takes months and months with the insurance company and hasling and you'll never get back what you have invested. It's a nightmare. So get yourself some realistic protection for your automobile or truck or van that you can afford low jack. When you get to the most new car dealerships now, you'll see all the big signs. They recommend it when I bought that last Corvette. The guy says, whatever you do, be sure and get that low jack in their car. No, you love it. And they really aren't enthusiastic about it. You will be too when you see the price and the effective distance. Got a 95% recovery rate. You can't beat it low jack. For information or to range convenient installation into your home your office or a new car dealership call Elaine right now at low jack. There's no obligation. And she'll be waiting for your call till six in the PM call toll free 1-800- 53 low jack and check it out. That's 1-800-535-6522. It's 1-6. 1-6-10. What do you want? Yeah. From an oxygen tank. Miami. Yeah. First thing first, what will be this at pages? What's in the name of it? Go. Disceptions. It's on showtime. Are the things good, isn't it? There's no real. No. It's like kind of side. It depends on how desperate you are. Did you see White Palace? White Palace? White Palace? The movie was Susan's Miranda? No. No. It's about like that. A lot of side views. A lot of rolling and heaving. But you never really get a clear on shot. Don't worry about that madman. Rick Riley. His biggest problem has a poor relationship with his father. Well, I think that's all that's going to be great. Well, I'm not going to get into that. Okay. Great. Let's go to Kendall. Time. How are you today? I'm fine. I don't know how I'll be in another half hour. How's it going? Great. Listen. I don't know if you listened to Dan Rappers comment. While he was hearing my immediate about the United States of America. Should think twice about dating. I rock. Why? Because he's not there anymore. Well, you know, I get to feel like this guy is like somewhat of a supporter of Iraq. I don't think that's true. Well, I mean, I think it's good advice to think twice before you invade anywhere. I mean, when you think of, you think of the problems that we had in Grenader in Panama, where they wanted us, you know, now we're going into a place where they got a military force of a million people. And I still, when push comes to shove no offense, but I don't trust all those other affirmations to really stand behind us. I agree with you, but I just thought that for Dan Rappers to face something like that was kind of one sided situation. No, I think that's pretty good advice to think twice before you knock on anything like that. Also, Rick Rally and Alex Bitton have the same personality. Don't you think? I always thought Alex had a half way decent personality. Well, you know, he's doing the same thing that Alex did when he said things about Alex and Alex were calling up on the phone, so it's kind of a danger view, right? Only Rick's got an audience. Yeah, but it's some of that you got to realize it's show business. Okay, guys, thanks. Okay. One 18 in WIO deal. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Yes, I know. How are you doing? I wanted to, I was watching Registro, but this morning, and Alex Bennett, the testing and new hair product. Yeah, I'm surprised Eric Lamber was, and I'm with him. Yeah, and he's going to be one of the guys that are going to use it and then come on to show the people who are going to hear him. And they showed his shot of his bald head. Yeah, next week he's going to be able to read just a new product for a talent transplant. It's going to be great. I want to add to him, I know he likes the show evening, say, to be, uh, make it as good as the amazing, petty, d-wise, which all those are going to make it. Oh, the dead, entirely different shows. One was brought fast the other cellulium. Uh, I enjoy both shows. I like it. Yeah, there's no show this year to really blew me away. I like carp rock, and that's going in the toilet. What do you think of WIO? It's okay. It's okay. It's just okay. I've found it demographic, so I think that another example of that would be, uh, 30 something. They get, uh, not good. That's the clearest example. Uh, last year, uh, or maybe it was the year, if I remember writing about it at the time, the 60 minutes was, was the number four show overall on television. And, uh, 30 something was number 45. But they got more money per minute per commercial on 30 something, made it on 60 minutes. Because 60 minutes again, 60 minutes audience is all 55 plus. Yeah, it was, they get great damage. Yeah, and when 30 something gets the ideal demographics. Yeah, that's probably the best example. Yeah, I just wanted to say that that show in Friday was incredible in the open, we threw the door at the wall in the alley. That line about French and Thomas when he came by and we're all the black people. It's not black. They kid, this year really? No, no, I just made it. It's not up, but it's been over across the street down the street getting ready with our obsession. And I was just doing a little, uh, fictitious play by playing. It was funny. And then closing it. Anytime Rick Riley says anything clever, nearly a coincidence. Have a great day. Thank you. Okay. Well, a little Rick Riley bashing that day. I'm not taking part in this. I mean, but I know it. But you like it. Well, yeah, you like it. I mean, he's got a community on bass me probably the next four hours. Huh? The community on bass me for the next four hours. Well, we'll see they got guests today. They got the video gizmo guys. Dr. G Glenn. And uh, Janice Ben Ransberg. Who from video times magazine? And they got the PayPal challenge 14B with a strawberry parfait in your pants. They got a lot of stuff to keep busy and speaking, I guess Randy Martin tonight. We haven't spoken much about her. Thank God. Female comedians and the latest, still in how it's been. It's act. Wait. And the latest fashion trend body piercing. On the Randy Martin. Good I watch. Maybe they can start with Randy. What do you know? When you watch your piss. 21 after one, a WI would be right back. If you miss a 25 at WI O D with Tom Jika, what is this? Oh, good. Four Latterdale. Oh, wow. You got me that way up. Well, well, he shows up at the Howard's Christmas party. Yeah. Right there. Yes, sir. Yeah, I know it's interesting that you've been in this business for long as you haven't. You don't know anything. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah, sir. You know, I'm kind of insulted that you don't think anybody under 55 years of age care that you think about this country. What do I say that? Well, that's what you implied. No, I didn't say that I said that the kind of talk that we were doing before with the topics doesn't make it anymore. That's what I said. And if you go to here. And if you go to all the research and every major market and every small market, I guess they must all be stupid too. So why don't you educate? As I said a few minutes ago, sir. It's 60 minutes. It's prime audiences, people 55 and over. That doesn't mean 60 minutes isn't a good program. It doesn't mean there are some people on to 55 watching it. Most of their numbers are people 55 and over. It just seems to me like, you know, people, you should be doing like this already, but just put it away. Why are you listening to it? There's nothing here. No, then why do you listen to it? What else is it? Oh, no, come on. Come on. What else is there? You can turn on. You can turn on. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You have cable. There's nothing here. So see you don't want to have a conversation. All you want to do is make an assault. Do you have a cable? No, I don't even have a TV. Oh, so then, then you want to lay us on by. Why don't you go on by a TV and get some cable? Watch see span and CNN and headline news. There's hours and hours and hours all day long. You can watch your government in action. You can hear about what's going on in the world. We can't be all things to all these. This is a really unique guy. You know that there's something like only one tenth of one percent of the people in this country Don't have a television. This is one of them. No, I don't have TV. There's nothing on there that the really interest me on. You're an image yourself. Then you're an image. So then you're telling me that the news isn't worth watching. That nightline isn't worth watching. That CNN isn't worth watching. The peace. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You get what MTV. I said when I did have a television. Yeah. And when I did have cable and a previous play for I was living. Yeah. I did watch a great deal of TV and CNN. Yeah. So why don't you have it now? Why don't you have it now? Well, it's, you know, that's a personal question. Letting situations. Oh, yeah. So you can only afford a little radio. And you want us to, you want us to, you want us to gear our radio. You're a good guy. Go ahead, go ahead. Box under a bridge. Oh, wait a minute. You want us to gear our radio station to you. To help with the audience. To help with anything else. We're supposed to entertain you right or inform you. The one I think that you're trying to program is okay to a certain extent. But you spend a great deal of time. You know, I think there could be a nice mixture. I'm, but you know, something, I'm not interested in what you think. Because I've been in the business for 30 years and quite contrary to what you say. I have great ratings that I'm making a lot of money and I'm very successful. And I didn't consult with you first, okay? But you're trying to, you're trying to, you're trying to, you're a premium, but I'm not interested. I'm holding you got wavy and you just don't want to do the work to put a topic on top. No, I, when all that's got nothing to do with it. The fact is that it's boring. Okay. It was boring to me. And the fact that WNWS just went off the air with it and they're playing our other 1940s. New York, you know, the 1940s music has to tell you something doesn't necessarily work. Let's get to WNWS. Yeah, let's. Okay. Western peace. WNWS, or, you did you listen to that one? I was on. Yeah, I did. I didn't like that much either. Yeah. What do you like? What is it that you do like? They didn't have any talent. Now, getting WNWS. Well, who's talent? Who would you say is talent? What they did was a very positive move because what they had to do, you see the snowpits, the brain damage, snowbirds are coming down. Yeah. Here when it comes to brain damage, we finally got to an area you have some expertise. In 1 29 at WNWild, we have an open line in Broward. 5 2 4. There he is, ladies and gentlemen. All you just missed him, your buddy just wave, but he walked by very fast. Your safe. Miami. Hello. Hi. And Neil? Yes, man. Tom, check him. Neil, up in the field when you think about it, up in the end. Oh, God. I was. Yeah, but you were very good. You know, that's what I used to be good. Well, they're not dead now. No. But I was going to answer him and that was a sense until when he was just just saying, why these talks show up failing. I'm on a year now in the round the country. Are they really trying to get rid of mostly talks shows? Nobody is getting trying to get any radio station on an America would put anything on the air that worked. Talk shows are not working now. People have burned out on the topics. There's only a few topics and as Neil said, there's only a few guests who can articulate them very well. They all have the same people. They recycle them. You can't sit daily in day out, hour in hour, listening to the same all stuff. Do you think that there's anything in the world that can be said new on the topic of abortion? Anything that could be said new on the topic of gun control. Anything that could be said new on what the United States should do in the Middle East. Our capital punishment. Yeah. And meanwhile, they left versus their right. And that's what these programs are trying to do. Yeah, but at some of these people like Neil and Jerry, our business study in 35. Yes, and the WMRs, they still have them. So I mean, you know, still has one. 30 30 years experience. What does that mean? Well, I think that paper's experience is show a lot in the business. Okay. Have a wonderful day. One 31 we had a perfect of their pepper pines. I know. Yes, sir. Hey, and nobody congratulated you on yesterday's show and for a Monday that was on the week. Wow, we're still writing the time from Friday. I think that is on a roller coaster. I think maybe that's it. I got something. I want to direct something at the time. I, he made a statement in the first hour or you know, he said, how many, you know, you were talking about the racing and how they had, you know, people would go back just to see, you know, a Horne ever accident or a car in the how many go to see just a crash. Do you think that doesn't that come to play in the recent events with the hockey? Do you think a lot of people went to that hockey game to see the fight? And that's so much. Well, part of it that might happen during the guide. I don't think this guide. I don't not the game that we had here. I mean, it just was a happening. It was a one maybe once in a lifetime thing because right now the thing looks pretty shaky. Yeah, I don't know if nobody's behind it. To for permanency, but yet I think a lot of people might have went down there because they want to see everybody do kind of out. No, I think a lot of people go to hockey games to see that in general, but I don't think that particular game is a good example. Okay. I have one question. I want to aim at talent. I'm, I'm not going to go. I think people go to hockey games in Toronto now. It hopes that we might win another game in the season, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't hold my breath. Well, I'm an islander fan. Well, I am. You can relate to it. Yeah, right. I think it might not be the worst thing in the world. Supposedly, there is another Wayne Gretzky, the first draft you're ice this coming year. Oh, that's right. Toronto traded at the other jersey. They don't have a draft. Okay. Okay. Really? The next Wayne Gretzky's supposed to come out this year. What? I got one question. I'm not one of those one tenths of one percent that don't own a TV. However, I probably want to TV less than two hours a week. And that's basically because I work midnight and I stay up like during the day when I get home in the morning to I listen to Neil and I'm home. I'm up to about three. Then I sleep from like three to night. I want you to watch the news ever or football games. Maybe some football on a Sunday, you know, maybe a one game would be more than two hours a week. But anyway, I watched very little TV and there was a show on years ago that I don't understand why they took it off. And the network would never answer to it. The why they took it off. They just said it was, you know, our decision to take it off. And it was very popular. It was called the days and nights of Molly died. Can you tell me why they did that? The time cable network now in the Atlanta, I'm telling you. Well, why it was so popular back then. It wasn't popular. It inherited, it inherited like a 35 chef from Chia's and took it down to about an 18 chef. And then they lay a law with command and it will go back up to a 30 chef. That's pretty clear rejection. Okay, well, I guess I was, you know, I don't get me run. Well, I'm making a quantitative judgment. I thought Molly died was terrific, too. I thought it was great. I don't know. I didn't get ratings. But I had a sip from the reading the papers and like people magazine and stuff after they took it off. So they would leave you to believe that they could understand it either because the show had high rating. It didn't have high rating. Well, you never read that anywhere. Well, yes, sir. And I'm reading it. The reasons is because of the fact that she was an attractive woman. She attracted, you know, she had a large male backing audience. No, that's, that's what, well, he died never had a large audience. And you never read anybody who knew anything about television say that. Okay. Well, I just was curious about why that show was not. He probably said it was a good show, but they never said it was a high rating show. Okay, Tom. And it's on. It's still on lifetime. Yeah. Well, I can say I don't get, I don't even barely get 3 channels here. And I don't turn them on 99% of the time. Anyway, all right. Well, thanks a lot for answering my question. Okay. 1.34 on all intellect radio 610 WI. It's a little extra. I don't listen. We've got to get people to go. Because people are avoiding their lives. We have an open line in Broward 524. That's where 5. Jesus. Look like him didn't. Where? I just said a guy. I hope not. Why would he be on financial loan? I don't know. It wasn't Roy, but it looked just like he don't say that. Roy is a good, but I don't want to look at him. He just did something about him. 26 till 2 at WIOD. It will be right back. 24 till 2 are new Nutri system post-uthaled. Johnny Darkis in the building looking slim and trim and still got the same idiot. A shirt on from K-mar, but he looks great. Let's go to Boka. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd have a couple questions. Shoot. How many of them have been in the Roger? Me? Yeah. I listen to you on K-8C. How long goes that? Okay long enough. All right. I'm going to get a new one. I think he's going to go to K-8C. How long goes that? Okay long enough. All right. Me too. Wasn't great weighted topics. Yes. Good thing in testing. And he's good doing this. And now I know that someone's walking around the hallway going to go say, he's not going to have to kneel. But I got a couple of questions. I've made no, you know, I've been a fan of his for years. Yeah. So. What are you? What do you think's going to happen to Rick Rylee's numbers when he can get that on the here? I don't think that's people have that great impact. It's a situation that only has a signal in Broward County. I think Steve will have an impact in Broward. I'm not the same audience. Yeah. He'll get. Yeah. I think they're there. What they're doing now primarily appeals to the lower end of the 18 to 34 demographic. I think Steve plays a little bit older than that. I would say if he asked me the average age of their audience, I would say it's about 22, 23. Seriously. I'm not, I'm not trying to be a smart at the end. I want to label this clearly as my opinion because I know someone's going to come in and probably come up with all sorts of that's my opinion. I would say 22. You listen to the people who call them to the show. That's how I judge. Well, I was saying I would say canes audience is probably closer to the 35 to 40 bracket. Well, I do listen to Rick and Fred show on a cage. But you know what it is? Very, I know. You know, you're not going to agree. But it is very close to what you do because again, it's just another fun show. And when you do it, it's like you peek. You know, it takes for the day for that. And then here comes again. And you're kind of tune in around trying to find something else because of a space that since we've been listening to you for so long, we like to have a little issue or a little topic. Well, I'm going to disagree because first of all, after you drive, Jerry Williams proved it years ago and he didn't do, you know, but Anna's putting your pants, but he did mostly humor in the afternoon. Here's a guy's been doing heavy duty topics and him has gone back to doing it in a Boston for like 35 years now. But he was down here. He learned very fast. He said in the afternoon and the traffic and the heat down here, the last thing people want to hear is screaming and yelling and afternoon drive. And he was absolutely right. He had a five six in the afternoon as last book here and an afternoon drive that is an enormous number. It's incredible. I remember used to come in some days and go, I don't think I'm going to talk to anybody today. We talked before out. It didn't be entertaining. You know what? I do think that back when the train was back on the air after you kneel, it was a well-rounded show. A well-rounded whole IOD was really well-rounded. I was one of the guys that was back in King. But that's free left. You know, we're all for the go. And then you brought in Bennett. And then it was like from two o'clock, I'm like radio. But I just wanted to figure out what compound about what's going to happen as raining. I think they're going to get hit a lot harder and you guys think. Well, you just don't understand the nature of that radio station. The signal is only in Broward County. I mean, you know, maybe if you're on a 180-thirds street, you might be able to hear it. But for the most part, it's a Broward news. There's another thing you're missing too, and that is that, you know, a lot of management people on the stand is you have the ability to expand the audience. Now, when I went on in mid-days on WI and Z, Sandy and L were on NWS and this station in mid-day. And between them, they had about a six-year, okay, six and a half, three, five, three, two, whatever. In the spring book of that year, I had a nine-year, I'll had a two-seven Sandy, I think, had like a two-fiber, whatever. But if you add that up, that means like 14 or 15 percent of the audience were listening to talk in mid-day as opposed to six to a half percent that we're listening before. So it's not that you're always choosing from the, or dividing up the same pie, if you put different things on it and attract a different audience, you expand the universe. Yeah, like during the World Series, the good example. The networks now are down to about 66 percent of the viewing audience at any given time. They used to have 90 percent. But when the World Series is on it, there's a major mini-series, or even a couple of good TV movies on a Sunday night, the network share the pie goes up to 80, 85 percent sometimes. Again, so yeah. So yeah. So what could Steve get a job at a different radio station then? Because we're all, well yeah, but where, where, who's going to hire him? Yeah, sure. There's nobody doing talk. This is like you guys do, but let's say, see, not only does he have a good following, he did he had decent numbers. But wait a minute, wait a minute, what you know understand is, nobody is doing talk. We delast serious talks, they can just went off the years, you know, a few acetyl, who's got a hire him? He talked to QA, and they already just changed format a few months ago. Are they going to go out and hire an entire talk stance, so they can put Steve on a year? No. And the thing with STL again, they're playing big bands. He's show on their so-and con-ruis. It's, it's, it's, it's always, it could be one of a kind in the country. But the fact is, they're so desperate for money that they're willing to, to prostitute the airwaves to put him on, and it's going to be their benefit. And the his, because he needs to job, he needs a money, and he's going to do great over there, to compare to what they've been doing. They got a point eight in mid-Dana summer, and summer book. It's, it's like K-A-T now, you know, the broken station. One hour you have a guy doing a program in Haitian, and next hour you have it doing in Spanish. I mean, it's two different audience. In addition to which, and I said this, when I was on Zayton the morning, I said it even before then. The FM programers in this market are so stupid. If somebody had a brain, which they don't, they would put talk on FM and as market, which they've been doing in Philly for years with WDB. They'd have that younger demographic already locked in. They're most of whom already are on AFN band. They could kick ass in this market with the FM talk station. We proved that in Zayton in the morning, and the people in this market are too stupid. That's why you got love 94 with their jazz, and you got a lot of these other Mart, like, whacks you over there, continuing to try to bang their heads. The coast is beating up on him destroying him. And it's still keep trying to, they're doing the same thing. They're sub-destructed just like WNWS for doing that. W-C-A-U and Philly the healthy. It used to be a giant and thought they just dumped out of it. They're doing all the, like, you know, I can think of going to cycle back on time. Anything, anything, what classable. I mean, I remember when comedy was dead on television six, seven years ago. Then, cause became a long and that drama is dead. You know, everything moves inside. If I could tell you what was going to work five years from now, I'd be making Zayton dollars a year as a consultant. Like me though. Yeah, right. Have a great day. Very solid. Yeah, sure. Markets done 12 points. Let's go to a Miramar. Hello? Yes, sir. Tom? Yeah. What do you think of the regular banded on, Oh, okay. He sends me tapes, unsolicited. And I get, I just got to tape the other day from a mother note saying, This is the last one I'm sending if you don't review me. And I, I don't find them all that funny. I think the American comedy net, he's got some clever stuff. But just because he sends me tapes doesn't mean that I'm not a review. I can't think of a reason to review them. How many people do you suppose to listen to that show? Okay. Oh, of course it was him. That's why I was just awaiting from neither a safe something or choke to that. Which I think it's, hey, Goldberg. So anyway, in the last year, if you were buying WFTL on the afternoon, you could get out for about $40 a spot. Yeah. So I would say. No, well Steve getting a hundred he says. I don't, I don't, I, I, I, I didn't know he was going to bet. $40 a spot. He's somebody about the rate. I just thought I'd clarify. No, that's, was Steve, Steve's guy is old, old sponsors and they, he thinks he, you know, he says he's getting a hundred. Oh, well, that, a hundred? Yeah. He said he, he said he was getting about 200 here. So he's telling them they're getting Steve came for half price. That's $2500 spot. What do you mean? That's $40 a pop. Well, I know, what do you mean, no, he says he's, no, no, no, no, not that he's making a hundred grand. He's charging a hundred dollars per spot. That's what he says. Yeah. Okay. But I'm just telling you what he says, I, but I'm just telling you what the, what the economic sort. Well, you know, it strikes me and it certainly never been tried to. It's a story like that. You want to check with a couple of agencies and see, because, you know, they do that on national media stories about projecting shows and things like that. They go to agency media directors and find out what the market's, but you see what Steve, Steve is not going out in the street really. He's going to all the people that he used to have here. And there's, you know, there's almost like a relationship there. And maybe if he gets the hundred now, I'm sure whether he continues to get it will depend on what kind of traffic he says. But the comment was a tragedy Saturday. Oh, God. I cried. I said, you know, it was just awful. I was in the newspaper place watching it. Oh, yeah. A sports book. Oh, no kid, which one? I was at the Hill. How did they react out there? A lot of the discussion on, you know, unhappiness. People didn't leave. They just moved over watch football games and bet on those instead. Yeah, that's how it was. You know, I was at Bellmont. There were some people who got up and left. Yeah. Oh, yeah. But he isn't their eyes. I mean, it was a, it was a legitimate emotion. It was because that was the race that was, everyone was looking for. And, and it, and it, what it was affirmed and added all over again until that happened. You know, hi Neil. Yes, sir. I was, I was heard axelman Sunday on ESPN and he made the comment that they had, that the usual complainers hadn't complained about the track condition. They're in the course of the weekend. People like Joel, you know, you want to know who normally the first ones to moan. If things aren't right and they, and in fact, some of them thought that the track condition was pretty good. So I guess that's the question that it really goes on. Well, you know, I'll, go from one in my mind, brought down because she was trying to lie. The horse took a heart attack and started horse tripped over the horse and took the heart attack. And of all people to be complaining loud is Wayne Luke. Yeah. Who is probably broken down more horses than any racetrack on earth. Yeah, but now he can go back to his own as a blame it on the track. Right. I mean, you know, Wayne has always been a better salesman than he has been a horseman. Yeah. So how are you Neil? I'm doing great. Yeah, Saturday. Were you going to be Saturday? Yeah. I don't know. Friday night. I'm going to be a pop at the breeder's crown. Yeah. You know, I've been trying to get them to do a thing up there, but I haven't heard anything. Of course. And you want it. So I'm just going to grace this with this presence up there. Who is Mr. Jika? Well, I may just show up myself. Oh, look here. But however, I know nothing about these, you know, about these traitors and pay me. No, what? What do I know about hockey? That's always the best way, trust me. So Neil, I'm going to be depending on your guidance. Wait, you got to get even now, Neil? Yeah. I have Steve, I'll have Steve do the picture and a program. Well, I think. Yeah. I think I'm going to feel, feel workable, why 100? That's very funny. I can just see Hank and Appleets flip back. Well, I don't have any great act. Yeah. Well, I think what he's going to throw him. Well, what would he be on his sideline analyst? I guess. Yeah. Take Henry Barris. Unless he sits in Rick's chair. That is a trouble. And maybe he can get Henry back in. That's one way to get him back in his chair. Yeah, yeah. I want to have a great life, Hank. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I'll see you Friday night. Will you be there? I will. I'll leave a thing in your box. Okay. Okay. Thank you. 149. Well, don't let me forget to leave that. This is a day, Hank. Yeah. You and Hank can be dates for tonight. Couple of real good race track. The generates. Anyway, you want some incredible wings. I mean, they could practically make you fly. Wings plus Johnny Dark knows he's nodding his head. Play with them and trim and like spell with my girlish figure. I'm going to start digging into just gobbs of wings plus Buffalo style wings. And those great catchfield mountain style garlic. It makes you feel with those catchfield wings like you're in Mount Estelle. Punching your brain is going to close down. Like I said, they have a mild medium hot extra hot and barbecue and you dip those in that blue cheese and you're just in heaven. The greatest wings in the history of the human race also great hero sandwiches. like that steak and cheese and all kinds of other great sandwiches like chicken breast turkey two and a ham and cheese seven ounce burgers bacon cheese burgers chili dogs great seafood they're shrimp in the basket or a steve would say shrimp in the casket fish per lay sandwich fried clams and clam chowder it is all sensational he takes popular yeah it may be to the same time I can't wait to hear that against stay clean up your act okay at least see I don't have to put the cozy over the mic but with steve kind of like drool's all over the thing and don't forget the great specials in both wins plus locations every Sunday all the wins you can pick out on just five dollars and forty five cents all day Sunday at both wins plus locations eighty seven was prospect road for water bill and ninety eight eighty was samarot in oral springs both of them open seven days week both offer free lunch and dinner delivery in their areas call seven seven one ninety eight seventy seven or seven five two forty four sixty four the unbelievable wings plus one fifty four a wild de Hylia yeah yes you yeah listen I'm not a great fan of the hope that I have to say one thing at least need only one in this town that says something about Rick Weaver and I want to ask your guest what is it we're gonna come out with a with an article on this scene I'll go we have to listen to this guy scream people on on the broadcast you know he's no hairy carry he's gone by his time well I'll tell you what I'm not I did actually I did a piece on Rick Weaver I did when I was at the Miami news I did the TV book cover story on a before one football season and it was a very favorable piece Maddoque sent me a note thank you before I and I'm not right right here yeah and then right after that he got mad at me for some reason and we we've never spoken again I don't know why I you know maybe you were something I said maybe's a friend of Rick's we know that hang maybe he'll need a yeah at Robbie's kid on the in the year well he deserves a kind of broadcast that you're like this I mean come on I say I'm not a what you've missed your jerk to use it matter what you think of Weaver and I told you that you know personally I'm not that big a fan of his he does a good play by playing I give you a good example yeah two weeks ago when the dolphins were playing up at the the Thursday night game the only way I could get it on the satellite was on the Mexican satellite and there's a slight delay about a one second delay and so I put I OD on the listen to the sound because I don't speak you know no no speaker is fan is so Rick was actually calling the play so quick that he was beating the one second delay and I knew what I was what was going to happen before I saw it he does call a good game get forget all the other business he calls a good game well he never sat in the state of been watching player because he's not called play people that are not even on the field well then you have something you saw something like if you're gonna cut a guy like like the afternoon you're done doing a show which I think it's good I didn't cut the guy and why don't we got to get that straight you know what this this issue is not about me cutting him the issue is that I didn't say he was God Linda Thornton once said he was mildly amusing and he ripped the hell out of the because that wasn't enough in well I think he's very amusing I think he's a good one I'm sure well why you can listen to steeping cut the whole bow well that would be my first choice yeah these guys like each other before you know wouldn't it okay and no company say about a guy a like slick Riley and doesn't like Rick weaver one fifty six at WI of Dears the Mobile and West Palm Beach yeah hello yes a two quick comments and a question one I think you know has probably got the most amazing sense of radio he knows when to change the show when the huh and that for that too Rick and says how we thought that one of the best things they do is is a lot of their humor is visual and they're doing it over the radio it's like David Lenderman kind of like what he used to put the channel 10 news on WNWS yeah well I feel better the question I had for you when you keep talking about issue oriented talk being dead there's a guy up here I know he could have done at least to the summit day jack cold does it kind of strange show as you oriented I wonder what you thought of him I don't I've heard his show from time to time I've even been a guest on it I'm not a big fan of it I always thought at least if you do different angles to the issue step it wasn't serious I mean issue talk isn't dead everywhere it there are some places where it works but it doesn't work the way it used to work here yeah I mean like in in California W ABC has what they consider issue talk it's it's so sack or an in-blanned no you can't listen to what they'll tip off in this market is I was just thinking about what the color saying about up there the tip off in the Miami Fort Lauderdale market is with the gigantic older audience that we have here and they still even in 12 plus which includes up to the age of 300 they still don't have a big number so when you consider the fact that you know we do have that bizarre demographic that's old and they still weren't cutting it it's history boy it's uh yeah you have the older and then you have 40% of the market and those big things right and I mean this is really one of the strangest markets in the country because in the other markets where you have large Hispanic populations in the York LA some of the places in Texas the Hispanics aren't as wet to their language they're all trying to learn English where in this market you can do very well without ever speaking the word of English and a lot of people do and they listen to those radio stations there are more successful Spanish right language radio stations here than anywhere else I don't I don't think New York has more than one or two stations and then they're insignificant and and probably in terms of people they're probably more starting to lay up yeah yeah you just don't hear it but yet here because the Cuban population is kind of built in into the culture they do very very well you know thanks a lot okay thank you Mr. Dick has been really you know yeah you got a lot healthier is after you're certainly some of the really calls one in particular all of a sudden times health came bounce back see a Friday night at pop at oh yeah look at my judge our gut shot make millions of dollars and I just go laughing at everybody by our own radio station for you please write something nice about Rick like Rick we brewer Rick Shaw or even yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah anyways big in a what's his name what's his name and suds will be along with video expert doctor G Glenn former vice president of CBS research lab and Janet van Ransberg who sounds like she might be related to Heinrich Kimler she's the editor of video times magazine they'll be here to talk about the latest visit video gizmos and exciting paper on challenge 14 b is they poor 400 pounds of Hershey syrup in the Tom jacca's pants the Sam to know and then turn loose African chilies exactly and Joseph Gackie and Sunny Hershey on sports talking six o'clock followed of course by the one the only news we talked about her at a minimum and thank god for that Randy Martin female comedians in the latest fashion trend body piercing we can only hope that Randy's gonna be the first getting big right on the air tonight and you'll hear it exclusively