New talk radio 610 WIOD presents the Neo Roger Show to get in touch and talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward is 524 WIOD Palm Beach 655 WIOD and Bell South Mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOT. The opinions expressed by the guest host of colors are not necessarily those of the station. Now here's Neil Rogers, a new Doc Radio 610 WIOD. When the big tournament money is on the line, professional women choose Macho tennis ball. Macho, we give women the balls to win. Well, we could use some last night. I'll tell you that, but they can't win them all, you know? We're going to be negative today. We're going to start bitching and carrying on. You bet. You bet. Because this is Miami, man. Let's grumble and bitch in gripe like hell. Sammy, you suck. Sammy couldn't play for Piper high. That's how bad he sucks. Okay. But we didn't deserve to win last night. We played poorly. It was a nail bite. Right down to the bitter end there. It was a brutal and amazing part of it. This is poorly as we played. But for one second running out on the play clock, we would could have won a game 14 to 13. When I'm sitting there and I'm watching that play clock running out and I'm screaming at burrito. Come on. Come on. And everybody's getting excited because he threw that touchdown pass to Duper and I knew I wasn't going to count the flag. It's sitting there on a ground and we lost. Okay. We lost so we're eight and two. Sua, sorry. But it was okay. It was an interesting evening. We had, uh, boy, there's so much we could talk about. First of all, I get there about 20 to seven. Fat Rich is waiting at gate 4. Okay. He's waiting there directing traffic. This man, I'm going to tell you. If you ever need, you could get into the White House with us, God. Okay. You could get into the CIA, the Pentagon into Fort Knox. Just take him along. He will get you in. Believe me. This man has got more BS than Carter's got pills. It's just, uh, mind boggling. Then we go over to the tailgate party where we are hoping that people are buying up like crazy. The t-shirts and the tapes. Guess what? Surprise! Can't sell him. And I could get his sterico and, uh, go nuts, you know, over that. But quite frankly, it was our fault, not the dolphin management because they required those things to be clear to ahead of time. And all I did was sit here and talk about it on a year for four hours yesterday. You would have thought, did I keep begging some people in programming there to kind of take the ball and run with it and get this thing organized? Well, I never happens here. And then, of course, they always, well, we didn't know anything was going, well, that's obvious. But, uh, nobody bothered to call over there and get clearance for it. And they said they'd be delighted to let us do it at a future game. But, uh, these things have to be clear in advance. So, I wasn't going to pitch a fit as they say and have an nervous breakdown. Have it on the stroke there without least seeing the game first. Now, meantime, I've assumed that we're going to be down there right until, uh, almost kickoff time. So I gave away my passes to our skybox. But, fact, Rich says, no problem. No problem at all. Come along with me. And he gets to sit this man up, telling you, the man is unbelievable. Just amazing. I'm not going to say who will be inspired to get us in there. But, uh, we got up there. Met Rabbi Plattkin, Plattkin, whatever the hell his name is, with his portable Yarmulka, with a pie. He's got a pop up Yarmulka that pops up and flips back down. And a man is a real piece of work. And a Jeff from PizzaLawf was there. Jeff, you're a great guy. But, you know, Jeff bought these, you know, how, and they games, they have these, the planes that fly those trailers with all the ads and so on. Well, on the night games, of course, you can't see those. So they have a plane that's got like a sign, like a neon sign on the bottom of it, and it flies around and around, uh, try not to hit the good year blimp. Well, anyway, Jeff bought a whole bunch of those things for PizzaLawf, and WI would, etc. So the only problem is you couldn't read it because you'd have, I kept, well, I stopped after a while, but as that plane is flying over with the various messages, you'd have to go out on the field and lie down physically like on a 50-yard line and look straight up in the air to read it. Okay. So channel six was a coup Jeff. This one, uh, I wouldn't get, I wouldn't hold my breath to see all the Dolphane start lining up at the door for lunch today. Okay, you couldn't even read it. And, uh, it was, uh, oh, I got a lot of that. I don't know whether to say it or not. I really don't. Cause I don't know. Well, I will. No, seriously. One of the reasons I don't go to a lot of games or concerts or things like that is because a lot of people make me puke. Okay. I can't stand the way a lot of people behave. And there is this young lady, the school teacher that sits in it, and I got these great seats. Thanks to Fat Rich right there, and I did pay for them. By the way, right on the 50-yard line, the school teacher that sits exactly right to my right. She never sits down. She is the most hyper-jap I have ever seen in my life. Never shuts up. And she's not, see it's one thing you go to a game. You get enthusiastic at the right moments. Which there weren't too many last night that great drive at the end of the first half was sensational. And, uh, you know, Swedys made a great catch marino play. I got to say this Jim Jensen played one hell of a game last night. Okay, really did. Not too many of our guys did. The defense everybody's going to say played great, but that was only inside the 15-yard line. But between their 15 and our 15 it was like, hey, give the ball to ball to mark his Allen. They got like 5-10, 15, 20 yards of crack. And a pass rush, where was that? There was no pass rush. J'shrated, who quite frankly, I got to be honest, is not exactly going to be the next uh, Dan Marino. Um, he's not that great. And he had all day to stand back there and throw it. No, no pass rush whatsoever. And we still could have won the game. That's the amazing part of it. We still were like with an a hair of pulling that sucker out. That offense ever decided to play well one day. Uh, got only knows what we could do. Okay. But anyway, uh, well we'll get into that in a second. We got to do a break. I want to talk a little bit about some of the people in the crowd. Some of the really negative people. Boy, there's one guy up there. And I know I take my life in my hands as far as ever sitting in no seats again when I rip into them. But I don't like going to a game where if you're a fan of the team, all you hear is negatives, the entire game. Before the play even starts, all marino's going to throw in there. So you can just feel it. He's doing it through an interception. Now, oh, Sam, he's going to cough it up. You just know it's good. I mean, the air replay, air replay. And okay. So we stuck a rate into all right. How many people would have thought we're going to be into at the beginning of the season? Nobody. Nobody in the world. Two and eight, maybe not eight and two. But so many negative, negative, sour people. Gee, anyway, getting back to this, uh, a total experience last night. So many things I want to talk about, including the security inside Joe Robby Stadium, you people would have been great in Nazi Germany, man. I'll tell you. They in fact, the stadium ought to be in Brower. It's just inside the date County line. Should be in Brower. Sheriff Nick would be proud. You tell, I know they got to have security. I know they don't want to let every schlepper in there. But they are rude and brutal and nasty, nasty. And we're trying to go down from the sky box, down to the seats on the elevator. Have no intention to come and back up because I think there's going to be a mob scene for this game last night. And who the hell, you know, the half time isn't that long anyway. And how about that invocation? How, what are they going to stop that at sporting events? What are they going to cut that crap out? We had last night not one national anthem. The Bethune Cookman a band was there and they played some music and then they played the national anthem about 29. Five to nine, Ron St. John says, and now here's Mark Dupers or no Mark Clayton's brother, sing of the nation again. Again, we're singing and that was right after this invocation with all the religious stuff and the, this and then that, when is that going to stop? Okay, if you want to go to church on Sunday, you want to go to show on Friday night or Saturday, fine, go ahead, have a great time, okay? But don't inflict it on everybody. It just doesn't belong in public anymore than it would have like a sex or a G on the 50 art line at half time. All of that might have been interesting. So anyway, there's this a jappy little broad the school teacher who's jumping up and down. And she's making all these noises at the, she does this every game at the wrong time. There's nothing going on and she's got her little orange thing that they give it a little pompom and she's like, whoa, like somebody is gushing her, she's on doggy upper or something. She never stops. And last night, she's got this nerdy boy friend who everyone was with her and it's the first quarter. I'm smoking one of these very mild cigars, mind to my own business, getting into the game and he's standing up a course. They're always standing up. He kind of leans or sir, could you put that cigar out? It's making me nauseous. Yeah, and boy, I'm telling you, yeah, right. I felt like saying the two of you, I'm really making me nauseous. Could you get there? How lot of here? Let me enjoy the goddamn game asshole. But I threw the cigar down because I'm just a wonderful guy. Okay, I'm not looking for a problem. Then this other guy, Mr. Movies, Mr. Video who, and again, I'm very grateful. I'm because of the this guy, we've been able to get these tickets in the Far Riches, got me into the best seats in the house. But I'm sorry. I just can't deal with people of the whole game are gripping and I mean, bitch about it when there's a bad play and it was plenty to bitch about, but not just even before the place starts. Oh, I know Maria's going to throw an interception now. He just do, you can just feel a common. I could feel you coming a mile away. You're so damn negative. You're everything that's wrong with this town. Man, if we had the Tampa Bay bucks here, there wouldn't have been 20,000 people in that stadium last night. Pathetics, we lost the game. They have no, the, again, I shouldn't say they. There's about 50,000 a core of real dolphins in the town. 50,000 that I've said that for years and I stick by it. I believe that as sure as I'm sitting here, there's a hardcore of real 50,000 fan. The rest are just, you know, front runners, Johnny Cummett, Leigh Leigh's, Grouser's grippers, douchebags. My friend Davey's with me at the game in the last time. He hates the dolphins like poison. I said to him after the game. I said, why do you even come to these games? Why do you come here? You hate the dolphins like poison. Luckily, he sits there real quiet because you know, as if he opens a mouth, I'm going to give a dirty look, kick him in the teeth. Okay? But I don't understand it. But Sammy, I want to say this to you. The difference between I realized that the Raiders played a great defensive game. They were blowing us off the ball, Marina, in the first 25 minutes of the game. He couldn't move. They were in on him like stink on W. Ellis. But a great running back makes his own place. Okay? See the difference in the speed between a bow Jackson. Every, every one of those sweeps, man. He got outside 15, 20 yards, 12 yards. Sammy, man, he's standing. He's kind of like thinking about it. He got to kind of think about it for a while. He's slow. He's in decisive. He stinks. And that's why without Tony Page and Mark Logan last, that we had no running game at all. Marina had to big running play at the game. Mr. Statue to his credit. Scrambleing diving for the ground, please don't touch me. I'm going to fall apart. And that was our big running play of the whole night. Or is it 12 yards and 14 carries? What a rushing offence. What I want to assault. But we lost the game and life goes on. Okay? We're eight and two and everybody should be happy about it. But I'm sure they'll be grumbling and grousing and the things I'm grumbling and grousing about myself have nothing to do with the fact we lost the game. I mean, at disappointing, we could have won it. We lost. But, man, people are just a beautiful. They really are. They're just incredible. Next season, I'm getting me some of those club seats. I think if you buy season and seats, they're like 60 bucks a piece. They have weight presses that come bring your food. It's air conditioned for those hot Sundays. It's great. I've done good. There's no doubt on the seventh day. It's just chill out. Genesis. Genesis. Beginning of that. Beginning of this. Finally, the good book is that. And just where it is. That's it. Check it out. It's a town called Sodom. And tomorrow, everybody party's like no tomorrow. God looks down and said, now my fault. Don't look back or you turn to fall. That's right. Took a peek. Started to freak. The cow can't even muppin' next to us. Take a look. The cow. Imagine all the perebos every sacred biblical word interpreted by the finest of the deceased of all time. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. The wrapping by both making his word fresh again. 1027. A W. I. Well, here's some good news. Here's our good friend, Stanford Blair, the chief of police in the North of the Bay Village Police Department. And the just send over as he did last year. Nice check for $100 for Kvilesau. Thank you so much. Chief, you're okay at our book. Okay. What thing about these North Bay Village Police, man? Never gonna get any flag from us about them. They're good folks. So far, anyway. 1028. And one of the other things is long as I'm getting it all off my chest that really, because like I said, don't let's be negative. Now, seriously, just drove me nuts last night. You know, they have the big scoreboard, zero, zero, zero, Robbie Stadium, and there's all these ads. And one great thing they did, by the way, I don't know if I had anything to do with it or a lot of other people complained, but the last game, man, oh, man, the Phoenix game they had, the audio in there so loud that it was bursting your ear drums. Last night it was perfect. It was, you know, it's still plenty loud, but not deafening. It was just perfect. But anyway, so we now have not only the coast spots that show up now, and then although thankfully not as often as they were before, but now the new WIOD spots. Yeah. Well, oh, man. It's it. And again, I guess having a stroke was a real good thing for me, because ordinarily I would just go nuts on some of these things. Like getting their last night, finding out we can't sell a shirt to the tapes. Hey, you know, it's a bad break, but I'm not going to throw a fit and get sick over what can I do. What? Where did that come from? Hello? Hello? How did you get on? Well, they, they told me to wait. But how did that happen? I never thought. What do you point in me? I never put. I'm not a weirdo button there. You came out like by magic. Why's that so bad? Absolutely fascinating. They're all the whole thing. And I'm, you know, I'm one of your douchebags that A, that A. And therefore, I was just, for the last two, by the way, I, the reason I called was when I heard the way you spoke about the dolphins, I was really so impressed because I heard Mr. Mandech and Joe talked after the show. Yeah, what do they have to say? And they, well, they know me. I mean, I just, I never call on the show because I'm too, I don't like to say. Yeah, well, what do they have to say? But they, they talk about it the way you said that other people talk about it. They need that aren't for the dolphins. Yeah. Exactly. Come on. There's fair weather fans. And this one guy up there, the, I'm telling you, there wasn't a single play in the entire game for like, you know, two and a half hours. There wasn't one play when we had the ball that he wasn't predicting gloom and doom. Except. Who the hell wants to hear that for two and a half three hours? Every, oh, you know, and I know you don't play to good game. What tell did you want? You got to get the guy some time to throw the ball. He played a good game under the circumstances. I'm doing the circumstances. Right. And also, you know, when you think, I, you're Mr. Mandech, last at me when I said, we're think of the score 13 to 10. In other words, our team did not allow them to score 1.2 more. Of course, the other did the same. They were actually equal rivals except that Marie, no had a patched up team, you know. Yeah. Yeah. That hurt. That hurt. Well, they outplayed us. We didn't deserve to win the game, but it was a one game. You know, it's not the end of the world. But when I admire about you, I want to talk about you. First of all, you are not like he came used to be. He's driving me crazy. He made enemies in this town for for the team and that he's from his own team. And those types of personalities are very harmful. Well, he's another one of those wishy-washy people. I mean, one time he would say, I don't care who wins as long because I got a bet on the game as long as it case the bet. Now all of a sudden he pretend he's a dolphin fan. I mean, he's just a Mr. Wishy-word, whichever way the win is growing, which way the urin lady tilts her glass. I'm for personality for the community. You're bad. And poison. And you are absolutely right. You should. I'm also a person. I'm going to participate in the invocation from now on. I want you to take care of your health because ever since you were had that trouble. And I always knew that you were going to get it because you were getting coleric. Now only hopes that Mr. Goldberg will also take care of himself because he has a tendency to get coleric. Yeah. And that is the thing. He has colerism, matter of fact. Nothing is worth it. It won't come any better than ankleberg. No, he's one of my heroes. He's a sweetheart. He really is. He's a father. I hope he talks about more than just sports because we don't need five hours of sports talk every night. No, he wouldn't do that. Well, listen, have a great day. Yes. And by the way, thanks for your father. Who? Mr. Goldberg's father. May he rest in the evening. Mr. Graych, you're in the list. Yes, I'm fine. That's correct. Yes. Have a great day. You too. Okay. Bye bye. See you. Wow. That happened by accident. Anyways, I started to say the IOD spots on the scoreboard. What was that about a half hour goal? I was mentioning that they say your news, weather and traffic station. It's the same stuff as that billboard crap they're doing. Now let me say it again. Okay. At the risk. And I'm not going to throw a fit because I know which side this so as radio station buttered on. I mean, you know, people tune in the morning only because they want to hear the news. They couldn't care if Mike Ranier is there. They tune in midday because they want to hear the traffic. Although we don't have any traffic reports. Thank God in midday. Not because Neo Rogers is on. And they certainly don't want to hear Rick and Suds in the afternoon. They want to hear Bob Sopar on tape reading the weather that he recorded eight hours ago. You know what? I love his one once in a while, the cartel, misfire, it'll start in the middle of the cleat cloudy and the mile today with a like in the middle of a word, you know. Like the people are so stupid. They don't realize it's so perstaking in that because you got to go to the news on channel 7. I mean, you're a great guy, Bob. But let's face it. They could bring somebody off the street and to read the same thing off, off of, you know, they were the weather wire, right? But that's the world in which we live boys and girls. So anyway, that $100 check gets us to $32,257. We haven't even had a male come in yet. It's a show. No one knows why you go. Guess your smokes. I'm so rich now. I'm 46. My fans are leisure suited. I'm lucky of this Vegas thing. I just sing and twirl like a girl. This is it. I bet it lots of flash. He's made lots of cash. Go I wear this fleece. All this fame. Yes, I can't complain. Vegas, please me don't make me go down the same. Don't get saved. Don't get saved. Don't get saved. From your friend way. Don't get saved. Well, I got good news for you. I saw Hank before the game last night. He promises me that I've embarrassed him into not having ever way Newton on a show. So give me credit for that. Okay, I can't take credit for anything else he does. But he will not have way not to show ever. So he says maybe when I'm a vacation. I'll slip him in there. 1040 a Wild. Now let's see if I punch one up if they're okay because that was the most bizarre. She just came on like out of nowhere like a poltergeist goose Hollywood. See what I mean? Hello. Okay, we got a new deal today. You're going to like come on by yourselves. If I punch you up you probably won't be there. Scary hard doing tonight. And crying minds want to know. That's why inspiring minds read the Miami hero is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space. It's in the house. It's fall a hawkins the true mother of the elephant van. It's in the house. John Kennedy sleeping with Max him. It's in the house. Is Tim Baker about to get birth to Jerry Falwell's baby. It's in the house. Sex, sex, sex more hot. That's always in the house. Plus Gary Hartzom's amazing race die from Florida. A crossword puzzle that has no answer. Our own Pula Cepiah is just for us. My Pubs no better signal Roger. And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day. Maintly, spabbling rhetoric. It's all in the latest issue. The Miami hero available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere and we're final maneuver is friend. 1052 I'm sure glad that Haraldo has gotten out of that sleaze bag syndrome of talk TV. He's doing a heavy duty stuff now. Like yesterday he had all the sex scandals. Today he's got Elvis's pet goat who's going to reveal all of what they used to do together. It's going to be really incredible. sunrise. Yo, yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I'm sorry. It was days and there was waiting almost an hour. I have a question for you. Okay. Last week, you had come out and you mentioned something about the Green Bay LA game. That Green Bay had beaten the raiders so bad that the raiders shouldn't play football anymore. Well now what do you have to say about Miami after the raiders beat them? I'm afraid of them. You see that's that's a juvenile level of fandom sir. And I realized that don't you? No, no, no. Didn't I admit it? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you've been listening for the whole hour would you obviously have? We only been on like 47 minutes, but you know, uh, didn't I say they outplayed us and they deserved to win? Did I say that like three times? Sure. We didn't deserve to win the game and we didn't. We stunk and the raiders played a great game defensively. They were ready to play were you there? No, it wasn't. We watched it on TV. Okay, you saw the game. Uh, you could tell from the we got the opening kick off and from the time we started the first play that defense was fired up. They were ready to play. They were awesome. I give Malacredit in the world. Okay. You know, my point of what I was saying. Now, I'm not going to take nothing away from the dolphins. I don't dislike them. I'm sure you say a lot of things. I mean, you're taking it seriously. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, wait a minute. No, let's talk up a minute. Okay. Oh, you don't want who you're good. I know I said it, but it's one of those things you say when you're getting ready for a game. Okay. It's a psych game. You play it's not serious. I've seen the raiders play the season. I don't think there are garbage team. I knew they were a tough team to beat. I knew it was going to be a tough game. But you're like taking literally. You just want to pick a little argument instead of just being satisfied with the fact you won the game. How long have you lived here, sir? How 20 years? 10 54. I mean, would you dignify him with one more second of very time he's lived here 20 years? He's a Raiders fan? Go to Hell, pal. Go to Oakland or Los Angeles or wherever they're going to play next year or the year after that, if they can figure out who wants them. Okay. Go belly up to Al Davis and have a great life together. 20 years he's lived here. See, that's what's wrong with this town. That makes me sick. That makes me puke. Just like when I hear certain people I don't want to mention their names talking about the Browns. I was a Browns fan from a little kid all of because in Upsstate New York we didn't have a team. Of course the only protein we ever had to big league was the Rochester Royals long since deceased. They moved to Cincinnati to disappear. So your teams that you picked a bit of pet on who you got on TV radio who you could follow. We used to get the Giants and the Browns, all their games on television and Rochester. And I happen to pick the Browns and of course that was easy because those were in the days we had Jimmy Brown and Bobby Mitchell. Great dynasty. Okay. Great teams. I love the Browns. All my life. Okay. Well when you come here like nine or 10 years ago I gave up on it because I live here now. Okay. You have to let go sooner or later. And not only that I hope that when we go up there and that God forsaken toilet in on Lake Eury next week I hope we score 400 points in the first quarter. I hope we put Bernie Cossars headwear as asses. Oh, quite frankly I'm not sure there's a difference because he makes me sick. He throws like my grandma and she's been dead for 20 years. He throws side saddle. He's from the Rock Hudson School of quarterbacking on he can't act. How do you like that, pal? Go back to Oakland and stick your head in the bridge, okay? Get out there on a bridge of a let you know when the next earthquake's gonna be you jackass. You make me sick. And all of people in this town like you make me want to puke. Oh, I'm a Giantsman. How long you lived here? 32 years. I'm an Oakland fan. How long you been Oakland? They ought to go back to Oakland. Okay, they don't even want them. Chase means one thing to you know to be a gracious loser. How big being a gracious winner. No, no, no, no, you're like a little child you jackass. And like I said, you ever see Ken Stabler and Rick weaver together, never just check out that hairdo baby. He's still up there calling a fourth quarter by the way. Somebody tell them the game is over. Come on, Rick, cut it out. While he's upset, I didn't hear it myself, but I heard it. I shouldn't attack him, you know, he's an old man. But the bottom line is I rumor because a lot of people were listening on their headsets that would like two and a half minutes to go, two, 40 something to go in the game, but race had to ball. And he said they had just announced the attendance as largest crowd ever at Jorabbi Stadium, 70,000, some odd. And he said it's the largest crowd ever to see the dolphins lose. He didn't really say that, did he? Because we had like, and we got the ball back and we had a damn good chance we were going to either win it or at least get a chance for a store and a bunch to tie it. He didn't really say that with almost three minutes left in the game, did he? I hope. Oh, geez, Rick. Anyway, it's 10.57. Send him to Oakland. They don't even have a team there anymore. Color Ridge. Hello. Yes, sir, am I getting emotional or what? Hey, how you doing Neil today? Oh, listen. Oh, cool. Common cool. And collect. Oh, you sound pretty mean today. Well, listen, tell that Raiders fan to go to hell because he didn't know what he's talking about. So I just did just for five minutes, Tom, to go. Yeah, I was laughing here on the phone couldn't take it. Listen, are you sure which we get to play the Green Bay Packers this season? Yeah, even though the Raiders played so well, the dolphins played terrible. Yeah, they were in a position to win it. Well, I'll be honest with you. Our offense hasn't exactly set the world on fire this year. We have no running game none and with the Sammy care. I mean, Sammy sucks. I'm not going to apologize for Santa. He stinks. He is bad. Like, you know, he had a couple of glasses of brilliant, but uh, Logan's really couldn't play. Right. Yeah. Well, every time we ran a ball last night, we lost four yards. Yeah. I think that had 14 yards rushing to hold the end. And Marino had uh, had them all. He did. He had a 14 yard from the 30 to the 16. He had that desperation run. It was great. That was our big play the other ground. Yeah. Yeah. It was it was really going. At half time when they scored that touchdown, I was right in the end zone. Yeah. I had the feeling the whole game that we still were going to pull it out. Because I remember that jet's game. And you know, you just had the feeling we were going to do it and just didn't matter. And even on the last play, there were uh, uh, stratford just missed. They would have been a first down. He was on the 38, he just if he'd have been like a yard back up the field. He'd have had that baby. So we didn't give it a shot. You were talking about the the guards that were like Nazis? Yeah. I was there. We were in the end zone. Oh, I were in the family zone. But we took some beach ball. We were bouncing it around in the guard took it from us and he popped it. Nice guy. Hey, did you can't use that here? Yeah, right. I don't know. We ought to see the security people. You know, when you go to get the sky boxes of the club section, I'm tired. They're not just uh, Gestapo. They're rude. They are downright rude and nasty. And there's no excuse for it. Yeah. Well, you should have that radar fan if you were the radar fan before they started winning. See what he's got to say. That's why there's so many 49 a fan. Yeah. Put him on a plane and don't put any gas in it, right? Well, I'll tell you what. I'll be at the Philadelphia game no matter if they lose the next two weeks in a row. Okay. Still he's back. And he's stalking a cycle who wants to make the Chicago Cubs pen and contenders. Clint Eastwood is dirty, hairy, hairy. How everybody is this hairy, hairy, was Steve Stone and the country goodness beat all of them today. Clint Eastwood gives a whole of fame performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster. There's action. The pitch strike at the east of that four-right pass clock suspense. If they think it could be, it is a no-one romance. Oh, look at the Tornnet Broad Steve, holy cow. Clint Eastwood is dirty, hairy, hairy, coming to a theater near you. That way, you're the first my ass a little bit. Frost this here. It's a level of six in W. I. D. Henry is so emotional today after having missed another game last night that he went like 12 seconds over on the new. And we never, ever goes over on the news. Can you believe that? I didn't even have the car ready because I never get it out for him. He's always like Mr. Perfect. He in Chuck Meyer man. It like could be at the network like right on time. They might fumble around the news a little bit, but boy, they'd sure get out on time. Another great. They really because this is your news, whether recorded weather and traffic station. We do have, by the way, a lie. We do have traffic I forgot about. It's easy to forget. We hear about those brush fires, the big stuff going on every hour during the news. Right, Joe, you bet. 1107 at W. I. D. Boy, I'm ready today. I don't know what it is. Must be this nice little nippony year is something you bet. We're ready to do it. Ready for a little lunch, too, today. Boy, we're ready to do it. What is this? This is from Channel 7. Woo! Wow. And it's sealed so tight. Look at this. I have to see I.A. is going to have to open this with like a special instrument. Look at that. There's two canodles inside. Wow. Unbolevable. Ed Anson has delivered us a check for $1,000 from Channel 7. Ed, you're a great American. I take it all back. Rick Sanchez can sing. Oh, it's a minute. Where is second? Oh, oh. Like I said, I take it all back. Rick Sanchez can sing the National Anthem anytime at our game. We're doing it at thank you so much. Boy, that's great. Ed Anson at Channel 7 sends a grant. So we're now at 33,257. Thank you, Ed. You're okay. I'm going to start watching that news briefly. Boy, even I couldn't say that with a straight face. We have an open line in Broward. Five, two, four. Wild. Well, that should really spur some other people on here. Okay. Last Thursday, I put in my grant this, today Ed Anson puts in a grant. Let's get some of these other hot shots going now. Some of these big broadcast maven, some of these multi-millionaires with their beots and their boats and their planes and their corvettes and their porches. Here's a mobile on a starline. Yes, Neil. Yes. On Park, right underneath the WFTL antenna, there's this guy climbing up the antenna. I think he looks like Bob Gordon. Now he's pulling something out of his pocket. It looks like a roll of Reynolds aluminum foil. Yeah. I got his not pulled something out of his pants. No, no, now he's wrapping this foil around the antenna. I think he wants, he should know that that's for better reception, not transmission when you put in a aluminum foil on the antenna. This is incredible. Well, let me see if we can, I got my, you remember that jukebox radio that they said that won't cross lead jukebox? Let me see if we can pick up by F2. There it is. There's a tip. Oh, that's the picture. Go down down here. Okay, a little more, a little more on the right side, Bob. He wrote up that tin foil like on the right Android on the right noise. I have a pair of wrap it here, he can borrow. Yeah, he's got a pair of rabbit ears too. That's why they keep them in a studio. That's that is an incredible station. That's sir. I love that, you know, what I love most about that station is the recorded spots where Gordon does with that kind of old 40s sound. And he'll start out like we used to years ago in a business and he'll like read like 20 seconds of copy and then that like Glenn Miller music kind of like fades up in the background. Bob, Bob, oh, it's just it sends me man. I go nuts. You know, I get goosebumps when I hear it. Let me try it. This one more time. The only purpose is going to go up. I love that. Oh, yeah. That's a little higher frequency, please. Yeah, but the only publicity they get is when you we speak about them. Well, I don't. So have a nice day. 1129 at WIOD. We have an open line on a star line. Star IoT. I tell you, we should get a lot of publicity here. All us big personalities are high paid hot shots at WIOD. Your news, weather and traffic station. That's the only reason anybody listen to this station. News weather and traffic. Screw micro anary and new Rogers and Rick and put. I don't know why they're putting a handgun at night. Nobody wants your hand. They just want to hear news weather and a damn traffic. Right? Let's crank it. Let's put your brain on all day every day. And that Mr. Personality Tom Roberts boy, he doesn't for me. Man, when he comes on a Rick and Sud show, that's when I start paying attention to where the buttons are so I can punch it out for a minute. I'm talking in the big room. Yeah, I'm talking in the big room. Grab my nose and take away all of my clothes. Everybody knows that'sFunGatti Mountain. I said, Rab, I know you take away all of my tools Cause everybody knows that smoking an allowed issue Okay, let's send that up to, uh-huh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Rab, I'm fine, but don't get all upset I thought that little beanie on your head was an ass trade Oh, crap So, these are just for the cigarette burnin' my tallest Okay Rab, I'm talking with the pop-up beanie last night He was really incredible By the way, Maria, thank you for your Thanksgiving card And that said, I know people sent Thanksgiving cards, do they? Yeah, Maria does Sunrise Hello, Neil Yes sir I'll first time call her Rab Uh, two things, uh, first of all, I got a Steve teen spy report I was here with my friend, and then he texted me I knew the transfer And figured it up, yeah Say about 530 and I turned it on to see if it would come in Yeah And, uh, he must be really getting desperate there He was doing a poll On whether WFTL plays two-inch Sinatra music Oh, man Any have a loop He's all for her Heavy duty On there and they're all yelling and screaming at him Because he hated Sinatra, and then Mike Roberts came in and uh, said, well, you can do your poll But uh, we're still gonna play the Sinatra music And then he sang a Sinatra song Wow, oh Mike Roberts and the Sinatra song He sang it He sang it Oh, wow Man Almost had a, um He's trying to compete with Rick Sanchez I think so and also last night, uh, old friend Giverd, uh, I'm always waiting to see I know how he sticks one foot in his mouth, but to see him put the other one in He's talking about Dexter Manley being reinstated by the NFL And he said new England gets the first crack at him Remember Dexter was in Out of the NFL Oh, that's bad That is really tacky I don't think that he knew he did it Yeah, but that's Frank for you Yeah Well, it's all for today Okay Well, thank you Thanks a lot, boy, that Frank Sinatra man, I've had enough of him There's only one Frank Sinatra And now, Crapco introduces his latest live album Perfectly Frank This one goes out for that crazy Irish broad Shrine Heddo kind of He gets stranger Every night She's taking chances Says our anthem fights I got the answer Send the broad back home Maybe she'll change her turn Oh, blue eyes tells it like it is Shrine Heddo Shrine Heddo Back where you belong He's the chairman of the board And you will be too when you hear Perfectly Frank She saves her heads Each morning ready And she don't even think that the stars find a banner To greet Sting Curious but Desert Oh, man Don't give her a man It's Frank Sinatra Live, live, and perfectly play I think the lady Will all craft Today, baby No one confessed to you Thank you Don't forget Hank Goldberg, they've used tonight On Wildy To what I'm going to be taking a poll on Wayne Newton We don't come any better than Larry King Well, that card star and the likes of the star You know, it says it's an oldman a hank Miami This is a kid kept the silver Freddie You will No, the middle of a trade That's Buck's Tesser Cap the sweet-range secretary Cham picking up the rear As a court Come on Freddie I dropped the ball again He's getting worse than Sammy 157 Wildy Yeah, what a dark new Your news weather and traffic station Hold on Okay, let's go to Cokanagro Hello Hello Hello, yes sir Hello Hello Hello Yes Yes Hello Hello Hello Yes I'd need to listen to you back when you were on Zeta Yeah Those are the days, huh? Oh, yeah, you know, it's a one thing I do enjoy about you now You see more awake Do you know who the hell wants to get up at 430 in a stick and more than right? Right You know, I'm not going to get up You don't want to get up You don't want to get up You don't want to get up You want? Well, we worked at a place called Dullis Bay And the Gables You listen rigidly No, we are not rigidly Yes Wow, that's pretty interesting I'll tell me something Neil Sure, whatever I'll see your cohorts I beg your pardon What happened to the captain in the bird Captain is doing mornings on The fourth day of Capreda, Great American Crapy Station with Lousy Jazz Music And the bird is playing Montevani at the A1 Looker's Story in Lekeland Is this sure that a big Wilson? Yes sir Is he passed on? Yes sir You know, I just heard the guest today Did you hear the guest today? Yeah Well, guess what? President Lincoln's got a headache And George Washington's trying to get those damn teeth Filed down Look, the reason why I was saying this Because I used to play in an aqua Peach isn't her Yeah, are you cereal? I am Peach isn't her But the real one I'd play with Peach isn't her Reunited Reunited Oh, there I go again Doing a little Steve Keynesing And Frankson outtrin peaches in her Yeah, well, well He, he, he, he, I'm see the show That's like we in that he That's what Henry wants Reunited What? No, he, I'm see the show for us Well, he's gone to that big microphone And this guy Oh man Yeah Well, I'm kind of sorry about your Dawkins Well, better luck next week Man up there and Cleveland We'll knock him right into Lake Eury with a thing on her head Have a great day, sir You're great, I'm glad you're taking care of Miami Okay All right, see ya Take care of this Elaine, oh my getting choked up I'm going to blow some cigar smoke And I teach you his face again Next week You know, your diamond just wasn't my style So I began working nightstanders A janitor in this whole office building Yes Just to keep busy I guess Pays below minimum wage And hey, there's a big cheese now Big, how you doing? And I, hey, where do you go? Hey, where are you? I do and you have it a pretty tough knife Yeah, yeah, good night Nice, nice, you're going to watch it And watch a game, do you? Yeah, I'm going to cross the street Free pizza beer night over there I'm pretty tough day Thought I just saw a watch to be with the fellows over at the bar Oh yeah, well, I'm just going to listen to I'm just going to listen to the owner's old radio here And tennis kind of shaking You're going to be a big screen color TV over there It's the best picture I've seen Yeah, big screen color Great picture I heard it here Like the beans and you know I got all my work down there Oh really? You're all done? Yeah, you're supposed to maybe I can Well, let's say what? Maybe I can, I got my BMW and the garage I got a lot of food and a radio in there I can pick up the... You can drive me anything No, no, I'll give my car keys Why don't you clean out my car? I got our wickets in and the back seat Yeah, I've got this and this, I've got the front key Cleared up with us Simonized I'll be back at about two hours And I'll maybe I'll bring a piece of pizza Okay, dad We'll be able to listen to that Thanks a lot Here are my keys and I'll be careful Let the stripes of car and I'll be back at about two hours Yeah, I can do that I'll be back at about two hours You're not going to bring... Well, you've ungrateful You've asked or said you were a worthless Second son Hell, you can't be my son Nobody's that ungrateful You've... Wethon I'll take your... Stain BMW and run that mother Right into the damn river You're worth nothing You have someone's attention Second goods, or any of your things Big faced This message brought to you by the National Curseing Foundation And remember our motto Go! You're so... You're my... You're my... My daughter My name's a nomadonger We've seen a four-unner Get ready to go to school We've seen a four-unner We're going to work at my world With a darling We've seen a four-unner My darling Oh, whether Me or me or me or me or me You're my... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Me or me or me or me You're my... Me or me or me or me You're my... Okay, tell Phil, we're sticking with our pick for the first race Tell the relax Can you believe he didn't even know what time the race is restarted today? Okay, that's enough, that's enough already, will ya? I'm here Yeah, there was just some time while I finished opening Last envelope, some good checks there today A few hundreds is one for a three-hundred Wow Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Six, six, seven Come to party on date News talk radio, six-ten WIOD presents Randy Martin To get in touch and talk dial 751 WIOD from day Oh! If you're in Broward, it's 524WIOD From a Palm Beach, who's called us at 655WIOD Oh! And if you're a Bill South mobility cellular phone customer You can dial star IOD It's a free call Now here's your host of the show Randy Martin Oh no Talk radio Thanks to you Well, Hank here's having Randy on tonight How do you like that because he's a good support Randy Romero, not Randy Martin Time now for the wide awake adventures of America's most caffeinated family God Jedas Good morning Joe I just clean plenty Great, I was up all night Coffee ready? Just about Where are we going to bathroom? Great, square Hi mom Can you find coffee cake? Again. I'm a hush. Hmm. Don't forget your service. Twist smoke in today. Oh, bye. How are you up down? There you go, son. Now, Joe, you get your ugly motor work and you're going to be light. God, Cora, I hate my job. It's such a grind. I don't you quit. I don't know. I guess it's the perfect. Honey, get me quick. Have to go to the bathroom. Be with us next time when the generous, be model their home. I think you're right, honey. We do need a fifth bathroom. On the next step is out, out. The generous. Sir, could you put that cigar out? It's making me nauseous. Oh, talk about nauseous. Anyway, I also just happened to have a pair of tickets to the... We're ready for a brand new scene. All of them street up like chains. But we're really just a pair of queens. Trains and passes and cars. Oh. The kiss in New Orleans. It's so unpleasant to New York City. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's hitting. We wear days underwear. We go to the scene. We like to stay. And dancing in our seats. Wow. It doesn't matter. He's got a face. But just as long as we can't days. So come on. Every guy. The round the guy. The everyone. It means nobody and the dancing. We're dancing in our seats. And then our seats. The seven sisters go to the A. And then our seats. Let's go easy to see now. And then our seats. Just forget that he's not ready. And then our... All is when our children are not sitting. We wear days underwear. We go to the scene. We like to stay. And dancing in our seats. We're dancing in our seats. We're dancing in our seats. And then our seats. That's the new Lord. See you. And then our seats. We're dancing in our seats. One more is here from Arnold's Royal Castle with chickens of boxes of stuff. Neely burgers and white hots. And BLTs. Cheryl. BLTs. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Yes. Mr. Rogers. This is Grab One and Pull It. Yes sir. I'm a retired detective from New York. And I'm just a Paul with the way you talk about police agencies and no respect for law enforcement. Yeah, what part of the city you work in sir? Well, when I worked in the Yorker was in Manhattan. Yeah, likely story. What does that mean? The closest you ever been to Manhattan. Maybe you had one in a glass. Oh, that's cute. Yeah. You just tear your type and put them in one lump. Lump this, pal. Lump this, right? You're what it's your, right? Yeah. Okay. Well, I guess you're a stereotype. Everybody's the, uh, the runs the radio station home is sexual. Right. Yeah. And try it. Oh, there you go. I guess, uh, it's boy from his getting nervous.