today Missouri Duke Navadal Las Vegas, LSU, Lassal, and Oregon State. Meanwhile official said the impasse that is shut down 26 spring training camps will disrupt the April 2nd start of the regular season. There are two meetings scheduled for today, Dan Forzman, Jan Crafter, Leetre Vino, where all golf winners, being while the NBA office going to be busy considering fines as there was a lot of some weekends, fists to cubs on the court. Washington is Bernard King and Indiana's Chuck Persom were thrown out of last night's game after the third quarter fight that had coach's Wes Unsell and Dick Mercedes had to be restrained. They had words after the game. On Saturday, Sacramento's Danny Angel, Utah's Delaney Rudd, where Toss of Matt Games, which saw officials call a total of 10 technical fouls. Martin and Avadalovie, Vaughan Lundl, and Boris Becker are all 10 as winners. Looks like this coming summer or fall. It'll be busted Douglas against the vendor, Holyfield. Hurricane's finish of their sweep of the Texas Longhorn Gets today. 7-6 at Marglide Stadium, sports arc 610 comes to it. 9-605, the bill falls to show at 7-20. The hurricane's in Florida Gators on the basketball court of the arena at 7-30. On 6-10 WIOD, that'd be right. That'd be right, yes. Okay, it's 6 minutes until 10 o'clock in the morning. That's it, Tom. It's 6 minutes until 10 o'clock. Oh, boy. As we wrap up the third day of a three day weekend for some people. For some people. That's right. As of us, it's business as usual. Start a five day week. Yes, right. I'm going to Providence tomorrow. What time are you going to Providence? On the afternoon. And the afternoon? Yes, I will be here in the morning. Providence Road Island. Road Island. Yeah. Where the temperature yesterday this morning was 27 degrees. Oh, yeah. Yes. It'll be nice and cool. Yes. Nice and cool. Okay, it's five minutes until 10 o'clock. We've killed all of that. That's five. And now without further ado, it's time for Rogers. Oh. Great. That's a good one. Well, Michael. Well, Michael. It's week number two in the Evanna and Donald Trump segment. There's not a lot new to report except that they're both in Palm Beach yesterday. But don't forget the tabloids come out today. And it should be a record selling week at the supermarket. Check out St. Stay tuned. And Hank Goldberg is regained the number one slot in the name dropping competition at WID. He just barely had to doubt Alex. Benadoun said he was working during with getting a date. And one of them. And one of the sunny and herses favorite TV shows, Alph moves the Saturday night that starts in March. And pineapple poster boy, Manuel Norey Agas has been busy lately. He's coming out with a new combination record in photo album that goes on sale tomorrow in Panama. It'll be called Mani's greatest hits and zits. And from the blue. From the blue. From the blue. Leave it or not, foul comes word. The residential trainee Dan Quills considering a guest appearance on Johnny Carson's Tonight Show. Yeah. And Wednesday night is Grammy night. It'll be hosted by Gary Shambling. And one of my favorites in a little known polka category is Gordon Hartman, who's nominated for his album, Polka Hallick. I'd just like to wish him good luck. Good luck to Gordon Boxer. And the March issue of life magazine goes on sale today. The feature article will focus on Roseanne Barr's wedding and how they plan to have kids. Oh, we're excited. Right. And Prince Charles who played polo in Apollo, match in Viro Beach yesterday will be in Titusville today visiting NASA headquarters. He then leads for Washington DC where he's expected to announce after his death hill donated his ears to medical science and finally Michael. Well, I'll study like this. Go get him double. As you know, former president Ronald Reagan was ordered to testify. Via videotape of the John Poindector trial about midway through his testimony. One of the prosecuting attorneys was angered by response of Mr. Reagan. He got so upset. He told former president Reagan to stick in his bazooka immediately Mr. Reagan said he had his bazooka removed in 1987 for the Micronary 9 to 10 hour. I guess yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's 9. Fifty seven in the morning. Three, three minute until 10. Neil at 10. Birthdayless for tomorrow. See, Alexiko Sagan. Russian. Right. John daily. John Charles daily. Okay. Sydney party A. Actuar. Gloria Vanderbilt. Rich lady. Right. Robert Alton. Director. That's right. My Richards. Track. I love it when you guys do history. Elroy Face. Picture. Baseball. A man to Blake. Extra. Patricia Smith. Actress Bobby Onzer. Race cars. Roger Penske. Race. Nancy Wilson. Thanks. He was in town just a couple weeks ago. Boy, she can sing. She sure can. Buffy St. Marie. She can't sing. Okay. Filled Esposito. Hockey. Hmm. Clyde Wright. Baseball. That is correct. A. Jennifer O'Neill. Yeah. Peter Strauss. Actuar. Okay. This is Edward Albert, the young one. Yeah. Son. Okay. Patty Hursburg Day. And Ivana Trump's birthday is tomorrow. Really? Yeah. We got some Hershey Kisses. It is time for the going home music. I hope. Okay. Yeah. Well, Mikey, I won't be with you tomorrow morning. So you know it'll be a rainy day. See ya. Oh. Oh, make you keep your fingers crossed. Maybe we'll have to bring our raincoat in with us tomorrow. Also. Knock on the water. He won't be here tomorrow. Who's gonna bring the bagel? See ya. I don't know. I'll be here tomorrow. Michael and probably bring in the bagels. He'll be lender L.B. Keep it up, Willard. That is your. That is your. I say, you're the best of you. I'll be. Punk, that's gonna do it. Have a good day. Stand by for Neil. And until we meet again. Y'all hold what y'all got. Till y'all get. What y'all want. WIOD Miami Fort Lauderedale. Neil Rogers is next after another news update on 610 WIOD. Next news update at 11 o'clock bulletins at once. I'm Henry Barrow, Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD presents. Neil Rogers. To get a touch and talk. Call 751 WIOD in days. Call 502-4 WIOD in Roller. Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neil Rogers. On Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. All men are on our way. All they are. All the men are on our way. We're moving hard. We see our lives. We see our lives. We see our lives. All men are on our way. All men are on our way. This is the Neil Rogers Show. That's your blame. Any questions? Okay, that you get all Canadians in the patriotic spirit that it takes to get them on the bus and go back. Do you notice that they never run any cars? They're too cheap to run a car. They drive all the way down here from Quebec, which is a long, schlep. And you see all these other rent cars from Alamo and this one and Moishi Schlepper run a car company. But not the French Canadians man. All these Quebec plates and boy are they doing it? We had a good weekend, especially on I-95, it was sensational. And we had the art festival and the art show and the boat show and everything. All in one weekend. It's like the big two three weeks out of the year. We're really doing it. And that's it. And isn't it great? We got good morning America for maybe see here, planning a blue sky. One of them are going to have Bruce Singer on over there to do blue skies for America. Tell them how wonderful everything is here. And the occupancy rate in the hotels is tremendous. I'm reading in the sun sent in all this morning. And they've got all these Europeans there. Of course, the European currency starts devaluing. We're going to be in big trouble. But it's good. Blue sky. Everything is fabulous. We take two three weeks. Oh, wait on line. We want so much food. So soon. Tell them. Tell them don't worry about the the trimmings and about a lot of fall to all. And just a whole bunch, like immediately. We don't want to be pushy. But boy, am I ready? Because I know it's going to be a grim day. It's a holiday. It's president's day. We're honoring two of America's great presidents today. You'll see his as Grant and Warren Harding. And this is the big day. Used to be a Lincoln's birthday. Washington's birthday. But now everything has to be simplified. Okay. We don't want to get too complicated because most Americans don't even know who the hell it is. Anyway, what am I doing tonight? Club routine this morning. Point. I feel full of energy here. I may break out in the song. And he's second here. I feel a song coming on. Anyway, it's 10.09. I don't have a sheet. Is there anybody working today? Or is this seven? I think Channel seven must be celebrating the holiday today. Because it's parking lot. Look pretty empty. Pretty empty. We do have a sheet in there. Okay. Let's see which amateur comedians are coming on at two o'clock today. Let's take a look and see the names. The Johnny Walker National Comedy Search with bud freedmen. Coming to the Alex Bench. You also comedian Anna Collins was brother Tom will be in the studio audience, supplying the applause. Coming this week, stripper week, the insightful looking at the attack on our local Nudy bars and some very well-indouled ladies will be in the building. Try to entice some of the horny skies in the world. I notice it's basically the same slippers keep coming into suck up the free food. You notice that one old short guy that keeps coming in here for the food? Don't you people have any shame at all? My God. It's embarrassing. Also, it was a great weekend. The building I had a tremendous day out of Gulfstream on Saturday. Lost our brains. I had a plunge like you wouldn't believe. I could have gone to the roof and jumped. All that just drowning in a sea of chalk at Gulfstream. All these three to five shots. Every race was another three to five. One to two. And they all want like champions. I don't want to have a day like that. It's bad news. And you'll never guess who showed up at Gulfstream and popped himself down right by. I thought he was just going to come by to say hi, but no such luck. Fat rich showed up. I'm going to tell you something. He's a nice guy and all of that. But one day I'm going to be in my house. And I'm going to go get up, go into the bathroom and open the door. And he's going to be in there. I'm telling you, I just know it's a matter of time. It's like the shadow. He's like Le Mans, cramped and he's everywhere. Rich, you're a wonderful guy. But go find a life. Go find some new toys to play with and leave me alone. Okay. Well, yeah. And he also never cashed a ticket, which made me very happy. It did made me real happy because misery loves company. And we got some calls there on a board early, which is a great sign. And we'll get to him when we're good and ready. And the meantime we're going to do a little spot here. 751 WiodD and D. 524 WiodD and Broward. 278 9463 and Boken Del Rey and 655 WiodD. Those are the numbers we got. Hurricanes by the way. Congratulations to Ron Fraser and Hurricane Baseball team. Sweeping Texas, who supposedly were the number one team in a country. But I saw some of that game yesterday on ES no on sports channel. Oh, well, I almost made a bad mistake on sports channel. And I will not say anything. I think a sports channel we love them. And they're a wonderful sponsor. I won't say anything about Frank Messer because that would be wrong. Anyway, we want to tell you about the incredible $89 special at Nutri system. It continues this week. Wayne Arnold, who will be here any minute now. Any second with loads of great food from Arnold's Royal Castle with Nealey burgers and all kinds of Houser Eye. Wayne has lost 99 pounds on Nutri system. And in fact, as we speak right now, I wouldn't be surprised if he's just aged over the 100 mark. And 17 inches off that formerly grotesque enormous waste. I mean, he really looks like a different person. And you can do it too. Lose all the way you can for just $89. Whether it's $2550, 75, all you can for just $89. And there are Nutri system locations all over Dave Broward and Palm Beach. If you'd like to locate the one closest most convenient to you, call 1-800-344th in 1-800-344th in and there's some more good news. A brand new Nutri system weight loss center opening this week at 565 West 49th Street in prestigious, highly a 1-800-344th in you column right now and tell them that Neal Rogers from WildT told you to call Nutri system. Okay, I got a real good idea for the people who are going to traffic when you're logging spots. It's always a good idea if you got about four or five car dealers in the same hour. Log them all together. You know, like back to back because people once you do the first one, people are like thinking about, hey, I'm going to go out and buy a new car. What the hell are they doing downstairs anywhere? They're not. We got some special food. We're going to dock your way when you come in doctors, some of that food for the people in traffic today. They are not downstairs. 1015 at WildT. Let's take our first call of the morning. It ought to be a really tremendous call. By the way, it's kids are all out of school today, right? And some people, I don't, they're can't be too many people not working. There was a pretty good amount of traffic today, not heavy duty, but not too bad. Davey. Morning, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. The cheesecake buys on program this time. He did not have a racing form. Is that right? And I'm trying to think, I don't, I don't even know if he had a program. I'm trying to think, as a matter of fact, I don't think so. Because when he came rushing in about the fourth or fifth race, and he looked at the board, and he boxed the three favorites in the perfecto and lost of course. Yeah. But no, he, I know he didn't buy a form. That's for sure. I got it. I got it. Call the spy report. You're probably going to get a couple calls on this. Yes. Bill had a, told most of his call was to call you and ask you about Jepar in the last race. I think that's the name of the horse. I don't know. He just said, I don't know. He must have lost on the race. Still coming in. He's still running right now. Boy, they bet that horse down like he was a champion. And I had one chance to get even for the day. I really blew it. It was in a tenth race. My Gonzalez and the feature had Princess Mora and with 11 pounds was in with a feather. And paid $17. And I almost bet it. And then I want a betting at damn three horse with the Richard Millionary who I see had like two or three winners yesterday. But up until yesterday he's been riding like a beginner. He's a really good jockey from New York and he's been down here doing nothing. And he rode that the three horse in the feature like a amateur on Saturday was Embarrassing got trapped on a rail behind a dead horse. But that's that's a way. Bill said he had Gonzalez but he didn't have the second one. No, well, the two that 12 horse in the last race was 25 to one. Nobody had it, you know. Hey, Neil. I got a friend at work, right? His name is Mike. He's called Big Mike. And he was on Newture system. He's lost over 80 pounds. Great. He's not big Mike anymore. I'm not. I call him being pulled. There you go. And he's looking real good. Just keep it up Mike. I know he's listening. Keep it up Mike. So to speak. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Boy, Colt is really rubbing it in. I didn't see you catch netty tickets on Saturday. Bill didn't see a cash at ticket. I had the first half of the double. And that was it. Did not cash the double. Did not catch all day. Nothing. I just kept chasing and chasing was one of those awful days. You know. I don't want to dwell on it. Okay. And that counterfeit six horse in the last race with Gonzalez. Mike, you're a wonderful guy. I'm glad you weren't hurt the other day. It's wonderful to see a winning. But that horse man, what a piece of garbage. Anyway, we have an opening in the book and Delray. Well, listen, we got six calls on there. What the hell am I giving numbers up, right? Oh, here's somebody who went to the track. Yeah, I knew. It wasn't beautiful day out there. It was just like heaven until they started running. Yeah. We got there early and we're had sat there on the rooftop restaurant. But I got we got killed. Oh, see you've chalk all that heavy duty. Chalk all those, you know. And then I got sucked into that four horse in the second race with Jerry Bailey. He had horse a week or two ago. That was also a real expensive Mr. Prospector first time starter and one like a champion. Yeah. And so I got sucked in on that four horse in the second race. And he got left in the gate. See, when you got those first time starters, boy, it's tough. You know, like Castillo won the first race with the first time around Saturday. But I tell you, more often than not forget those horses. You know, they bet them down and they get left in the gate. They're green. They're inexperienced. They don't know what they're doing. Well, that's exactly what we were thinking because those first few races there. It just, you know, here they were first time starters. But I tell you the green sheet had a mom of everyone in those first few races. Yeah. Well, that's because all that chalk came in. The green sheet does a really, really do they do a good job. But we got killed in a set on that no program. Taking bills, big advice, you know. Well, even a second, it was pretty close. Yeah, but we were. The three horse with McColley that won that race, you couldn't bet that horse with Chinese money. Right. I know. And you know, I think I cast one time all day. Well, that's one more than we did combined. So that's not too bad. Well, listen, it's not important that you catch, but then you have a good time. You make a nice contribution and you plunge your brains out of the mud. We had Foxy reality. Oh, did you? Well, that's good for about what five, 60. I was only really lost 12 dollars on. Yeah. I didn't like that horse at all. I want to go through this. But nobody cares about it. They're not into this. Let's see another one thing. You're right. We're going to talk about the art festival in the Grove. I went to Highlight, you know, when you tried to build. The boat's highlight. And Highlight really has a lot of aesthetic beauty. But boy, it was just gorgeous out there and sad. Yeah. I have people in tomato ho and I would say golf streams are close. It's a beautiful place. It was really nice. Have you eaten that restaurant downstairs, right below the roof? Sure. Is that pretty good, too? Yeah. But if I did like a gourmet room prices. I don't know because we never pay. No, not we don't have been there in a long time. And so we don't go there to free load. In fact, if I weren't for Fred the usher, we'd have nowhere to sit. But the restaurant's pretty good down there, too, right? Yeah. Because we were on the rooftop and it was really nice. But I saw it downstairs. I went in the cafeteria before I got there really early because Bill had that remote. So he didn't get there at about a quarter to one. So I went there first. I went in the cafeteria. I had some of that chowder and a cheeseburger and a piece of key lime pie. And that set me up for I was great. Good shape for the rest of the day. Very nice long. Thank Goldberg's firey. You know he's really not your friend. He had a good chow. He could have stroked you. He had a day and he didn't. On the hockey deal. He was bragging about how some guy in Miami there to talk about hockey. Got a whole four hour show about it. Never mentioned your name. Never mentioned a station. But where was this? This was when he was doing one of his, one of his big, that hit that the Super Bowl. We was, you know, talking all the big. It was super bowl. Not the Super Bowl. But what was it the, Super Bowl. It was, I don't know what you're talking about. It was one of he was talking about the bunch of the press people and they were talking about sports in Miami. And how that hockey would come down here. And then he mentioned it. About how that some guy on the radio didn't mention it. What was it on though? Where was it? Oh, well, who cares? But he had some big weight from one of the, from one of the, don't worry about it. Don't lose any sleep over it. Okay. I could have given you a nice. But what, what difference would it make? What, what would it change? Would it change anything? He, he, he was so proud that someone was talking hockey. And how big hockey was. But he didn't mention you. Well, listen, thanks. Okay. Never stole a freight train. Okay. Well, we'll see on there Saturday. Okay. Good luck to you. You'll need it. 21 past 10 at W.I.O.D. What was that all about? I haven't got any idea. Did anybody see and bishop this morning? I'm good morning America. I did not see it, of course. But I heard through through the rate find that Anne was on there. I guess they're trying to a butcher up the image of South Florida a little bit. I heard that they're going to have a new name for the late edition of the News on Channel 10 when Anne is on it's the bulldog edition of the Channel 10 News. That would be disgusting when that. But very accurate. Anyway, that guy is still doing news on four. I can't believe how bad they've gotten. They are so they're embarrassing. They're just a disgrace. A channel four. They are floundering, floundering, dick, lobal are you listening to me? You're floundering. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating. Maybe they'll really do this. Martin and pick up that guy does the sports from six Dan Ford. He's my favorite. 751 W.I.O.D. And day we have an opening there and pop each. Is wide open. You could drive a fleet of Mac trucks right through the middle of it. At 655 nerd. 655 W.I.O.D. and we'll come right back. Hi, this Stan Major joined me tonight after Hurricane Paschibol. I had about 930 years so up until 11 o'clock for the major edition. On Tuesday, 1806 10 W.I.O.D. No, 24 past 10th at W.I.D. Big thing on Rick Sutcliffe here on ESPN. We got it on in here. Not a warm it up for the exercise shows a little later. There's a big thing on Rick Sutcliffe on here on. Definitely he's in the quarter horses and he got his daughter on there. And it's about as exciting as death. Anyway, it's 1025. What was that other thing? I was going to, I wanted to correct myself. I said, Dan Ford, who the hell is Dan Ford besides the baseball player? Dan Coglin. As in Father Coglin. Speaking of Father Coglin, did anybody watch the Kennedy thing last night? And ABC, the mini series? I don't know. I guess it was fairly interesting. But boy, they sure made him out to be a wonderful guy in the beginning. Was it any, how did he suddenly change so dramatically? I don't buy that. Oh, he was just... Mr. Wonderful in his great, boy, those Catholics can sure pump out the babies. Can't they? Man, they knock him out like... I think about every three months, don't they? About three times as fast as everybody else. They just knock him out like crazy. But anyway, yeah, he was just a wonderful, loving father in a great husband that all of a sudden, man, he met Gloria Swanson or something happened. I don't know what it was. And he turned out to be the ruthless crooked son of a... Antisemite, whatever he was, he really was. He was a bad dude, Joe Kennedy. He was a bad, bad dude, okay? Just... What is the rest of it on? Does anybody know that on tonight? Probably on the Marnight. That's the way they generally do it. A snooze fiery port from Kendall. Absolutely. Good morning, Neil. Absolutely. From Hot from the Alice Rantel Show this morning. Yes. One of the... One of the first big changes you were talking about last week. The... By the way, I want you to know, sir. These changes are absolutely final. Okay. That's what John Harper is going to say. These changes are final. You were speaking of dead horses earlier, so I thought I'd come in with a W snooze fiery port. Sports talk. Junior Junior is starting over there. This... I forget what it was. This week or next week. At 630. At 630. Well, didn't... Didn't... was neither the first one to have that on the air, sir. Oh, I must admit. Oh, yes. On Friday with Alan Bartos, 630 to 8. I thought it was a guy. Now he's on Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday. Oh, okay. That's just what we need. Was another sports talk show, right? Oh, man. This market is embarrassing. It is just listen to the music on the FM stations over the weekend. Every time I get into car and I be desperate to hear a little bit of something that I wanted to hear again, forget it. Just hopeless. You can keep punching around. You can have every FM on in the market on your FM buttons, you know? And it's hopeless. There's nothing to listen to. Well, you have a good president today. Yes, sir. Senator of President Herbert Heaver. Thank you very much. Okay. Can I call two of my friends, uh... D-bags? Who's that, sir? Gary and Carolyn, you're both too, Spagg. Okay. Wonderful, Caud. You got it all in there, sir. 28 after 10 at WIOD. Two open lines are both in date coincidentally enough. And probably most of the people in dates still lost at the art festival in the Grow in the Grow. It was so exciting. 751 WIOD. I realized we had a lot of exciting things going on. I had a million people or something there. But don't you understand how you're being jobbed in this town? Don't you realize what a what a farce this all is? It's like two, three weeks out of the year. And all this big stuff goes on. We got the Grand Prix on Sunday. And then all of a sudden it gets to be the end of March. Or after Easter time. And it's like, hey, where'd everybody wait a minute? Where'd they all go? What's going on? There's nothing going on here. And it used to be made for a few years there after Thanksgiving. Or would start a little bit now. It's like after Christmas and usually after the middle of January. And it's brutal. It really is. I mean, this town is so far short of what it could be. And all they keep doing is writing all this. You are such a bunch of Perokio Yahoo Hicks. All you politicians, it all you media people in this town. You don't know what a real tourist town is all about. Okay, you know nothing. Here it is. It's almost the year 2000. And we've got the season. The season is here for a couple of weeks. And we got all these big things going on. And then it goes back to being like death-bally days. You couldn't find a living in because all the old Farts now have completely taken the town over. You see that thing now for Lauderdale is actively campaigning. They're sending letters to all the college campuses, urging them to stay They're how loud of here. Don't come here. Go someplace else. Unless you have a walker. If you have a walker, you can come down. Okay. Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. Let's talk about the exciting things happening up here at the Los Alas. I like the timing of that tour the same weekend as the Grove. That was very good. Yeah. Well, at the Polish restaurant, Debbie Ellis was putting on a eating exhibition. And Dan Quill found a very entertaining, but the Secret Service did not. And they promptly arrested her because they thought that his life was in danger. He could have been next. Well, you know, Nick DeBauer had some pointers on how to house Debbie Ellis's. He's advising him not to use the tent because he got into trouble when he used the tent. Well, yeah. I thought I got calm. Still here. Isn't that amazing? Yeah. I'm still here. I'm just waiting to see, you know, where's the punchline? I'm just waiting to see what'll happen. How long it'll take before you just fall down on the floor, you know. Well, you know, Gary Bruce is asked to comment on what he thought of the Debbie Ellis being the rest of that poet's restaurant. And he said it was poetic justice. Not bad. Okay. Well, you say that. Well, that was redeeming that last part. Okay. Have a great life, sir. Everybody's a comedian. And of course, they all wind up on the Alex Bennett show. 10 30 a W. I. O. D. What, opening in date, what and Brown. We're going to keep those lines really sizzling on a Monday. I'm telling you, I know you don't believe me, but you mark my words. Of course, this call from Boca is going to be very short, isn't it? Oh, did he get disconnected? What a bad break. Oh, there is a God after all. Isn't there? There is a God after all. I'm going to tell you this. Boy, that's incredible. Let's see. We did for Lauderdale. Homestead is right here. Hello. Homestead. Homestead. Why'd you then take S. Plantation? Hi, you know. Yeah. Why does he question about Saturday night? The movie was that for the bowling scene for the Harco Salamitation. Did you miss something? And what you just said? Oh, I think so. You're pretty good though. Yeah. What is he talking about? Does anybody have any idea? Broward? Hello. Yeah. I got a Bible out of his Bible report. I was in Chicago listening to him. And he was doing a program on drunk driving. His idea was that if you fail to brutalize a test, you go straight to jail. So this cow calls up. And she says, well, I'd rather drive drunk than walk drunk, because if I'm drunk, there's a chance I could hit by a car. And he says, you know, all my life, I wanted to go to a big market because the call is would be intelligent. And I got a big kick out of that. I guess you didn't get a kick out of it. Hmm. Boy, did I come in like in a dream world this morning? I must be really just fantasizing, huh? It's back to Monday again, okay? Forget about the holiday. Forget about President Truman. Okay. It's just back to Monday, big time. Okay. Now from the channel 10, I went in to argue, said to kill Anne. Hey, where's Anne going? What's she doing with that machine guy? Oh my God. What's the noise? She was fed up with reading one story after another about drugs and violence. Now she wants to write the role that re-write the news in, and, oh, starring Anne Bishop. Don't kill me, please. I'll see you tonight at five, six and a lot of scum. Anne, oh, she took the news into her own hands. What are you guys going to do with me? When I get through with you, there won't be enough of you left to make a good Tuesday for Don Noll. Anne, oh, I'm sorry. And Bishop, also starring Carl Wethers is to wake Lutterdale. And Don Noll says Don Noll. Hey, Larry, what an old man. Anne, oh, she was the new man. Oh, coming soon. I bet 1033 at WID. What just, like we hit a brick wall, there was every line lit, and then I went to that line seven. Okay, and it was gone. And since that moment, it's like death-falley days on that phone. Well, you people are brutal. You really are. It's just incredible. And you notice all the response about the Kennedy thing on ABC last night. They don't even know what they're all I'm talking about. W-I-O-D. Good morning. Yeah. Yes. What is it? Yeah, okay. Guys, trying to have a moving experience. Do you hear these voices? Boy, they all really sound the same, don't they? All right, let's go to a JNO Spire Report on the Palm Beach line. Hello. Big D here. Yeah. Mike Miller, Lee Follower, just intercepted an intern. The condo, the station manager. Your name came up. They called you a douchebag. Mm-hmm. But more importantly, in a later memo. Sir, let me say this to you. Okay, for the benefit of the listening audience, have a wonderful day. Okay. All the amateur comedians this morning, that they must be a lot of people off from work today. Wow. That starts at 2 o'clock. Okay, the amateur comedy, our don't call in here and try to be funny and make jokes. You're pathetic this morning. It's embarrassing. It's degrading and humiliating and disgusting and revolting and nauseating and unbelievable. All it's not too bad. A 1034, a WIOD. Let's try one. Is there anything here that's worth going to? Gilbert Report. No, I'm going to go to this one and North Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi. How are you? Oh, I don't know. I don't know either. Why are they funny today, huh? I was over there. I could make what have gone. Every one of these colors off in the first two seconds. I thought the nurturer system itself. And I understand Alex didn't even show up. Is it true? I don't have any idea. What is this another crank call? No, honestly, I was there. And I asked. Well, if you were there, what do you mean you understand? Well, I don't know who he is. And I asked to come let the guys and they said they didn't even know who he was. I was over there, Neil. And I saw Steve. Oh, isn't that exciting? Steve looks awful. Uh-huh. Yeah, he looks about 80. Oh, my God. He has no ass. And I'm telling. I'm not talking about his ass. I don't care about that. He really has none. And he looks terrible. Well, is that how you judge how somebody looks is if they have an answer. Oh, I tell you that guy, who's that guy? The actor who was on a Kennedy thing last night. I don't know. Well, you know, what is his name? Charles Durning. Oh, oh. He looks great. You know why? He's got an answer like the state of Montana. That's right. So if that's the barometer man, he looks fabulous. I said of what? Did I watch it tonight? No, it's just what? But what happened to these people over the weekend? I don't know. But Steve really looked here. I thought you might like to. Well, no, I don't wish that he looks terrible. He looked terrible when he left. He really was aging rapidly. I know. Let's see. I haven't seen him. Really. I don't think I've seen him in person. Well, you're lucky. I know it. But anyway, the show is great. And I'll tell you some of the women, the, the sounds that they lost over there was absolutely fantastic. I don't need it, but I'm just saying that some of them. Okay. Well, part two of the Kennedy thing on ABC is tonight at 9 p.m. Okay. I don't know what's during. And you'll love, well, I don't know if he's going to be alive too much longer. He plays a John Fitzgerald. Oh, he does. He played Joe Kennedy's father in law. Oh, okay. Well, I want to know. Well, I'll take a good. And if that's what makes you happy boy, you'll be delirious. All right. I'll take a good one. Okay. He's got an ass to size even bigger than Al Goldstein, which is almost impossible. We have an open line in date, 751 W. I did the audiences in Courageable today. These people just, even she was crazier than a bed bug. We want to tell you about bagels in company right now to 110th and Biscayne Boulevard. Fantastic fresh delicious bagels and beollies and handpicked whitefish, Sabel Locks, Nova, Kippard Sam and a fancy Lake Sturgeon Egg Salad. White meat tuna, crab meat, shrimp salad. And if you're into Pistromy, somebody of the other day was in here. They said you can't get a good Pistromy sandwich in this neck of the woods. You're a dream and boy, they have got Pistromy that's everybody's good as what you got up north. See, part of the problem with Pistromy down here is you've got all these people over the age of 100. And they like it real dry with no taste. Okay. So that it like crumbles in their mouth and they don't have to chew it. But if you want a great Pistromy or corn beef sandwich, then bagels and company will pull in together for you that'll knock your socks off. Okay. They're open for breakfast and lunch. Seven days a week starting early, six in the A.M. And they also put together sensational party platters. Just give them a couple of days notice. And you can either pick it up or they'll deliver it right to your door with an a five mile radius. Bagels and company. We are delighted to have found them. They do a super job. They're at 110 Biscayne Boulevard. Right in Miami and here's their phone number. 8 9 2 24 35. 8 89 bagels is the easiest way to remember bagels and company. Just look for the white building with the blue warnings. 110th in Biscayne Friday morning 7 20 a.m. My winner reads a 6 10 W. I.o. D. Salt Florida sweepstakes winning number. 2 3 1 7 3 4 1. It didn't take long for a listener to claim some cash. Frank, what are you going to do for you? I'm not going to tell us. Are you like $1,000? Is that what it is? Why would you like $1,000? I have to wait a number. Congratulations, Frank. Listen for your winning South Florida sweepstakes number throughout the day. And get ready to grab your share of the cash. And congratulations to our most recent winner. Frank Patrick Iammy. Frank Gampon, David from New York Radio 6 10 W. I.o. D. Here's Andy Lundee. Star of 60 Biscayne. You know what bothers me? Whenever you try and buy some new dongerades, you can never find a pair that fits just right. That's why I help design denim pants for people like me. Introducing Andy Lundee's watered down jeans. Oh, sure they look old and wrinkly like me. But they're made of 100% cotton. Pickin' no good welfare dress. Andy, Andy. Oh, sorry. Anyway, just watch what happens when I yank on a pair. You see, they fit so snug in the crotch. They cut off circulation to your brain. And at no time, you'll start saying things that make no sense at all, especially about minority types. Don. Look, I know what it's like to get caught with your pants down. So they are discriminating shopper like me. By Andy Lundee watered down jeans. I think they're great. But hey, I'm proud of you guys. I'll talk about a big joke last night at the end of 60 minutes. They were doing the thing with the letters, you know? And most of the letters were about Andy Runey. And there was Mike Wallace, good old right wing. Mike Wallace, sitting there telling us about the overwhelming majority of you, cited with Andy and this is also ridiculous. And he read a couple of stupid letters. And I just wanted to fall on the floor and puke my lunch breakfast in dinner. Which yesterday was nonstop. Man, I ate from the time I got up in the morning until the time I went to bed. It was tremendous. And all of it was great. Here's a little joey sitting around waiting for lunch. Isn't that great? Let's go to a mobile and four-laterdale. Pick up these call or wait a minute. Hello. Yeah. Just want to ask, did you take Saturday night live? No, I did not. So I don't watch Saturday night live. I thought you would have made a make. Saturday night live has not had a good show in 15 years. Oh, last night where I'm Saturday night was the ephiler showing more body than he showed in ages. He can watch the videos. He's got his naked in all the videos anyway. He was just about naked. He was showing parts that don't even this. The thing I got to put a bag over his head though, you know, I'm embarrassed. I'm never going to live down the fact that I really want to part of time because they show him so briefly like a hundredth of a second. You know, Fred, I mean the face. And now I know why. They were like, wow. They were like, wow. He was so ugly. He was so ugly. He's gruesome. He's frightening. It was scary. But he was showing all kinds of, well, you'll be having. Yeah, well, for a 40 year old guy, he does have a good body. Yeah, he's that old. Yeah. He's. But his face show, his body, I guess, must have been protected. The drugs must not have affected below the neck. No, they got above the neck man. They did a wicked job. That was ever recovered. It was lips and mouth. Mm-hmm. You can French kids a moose. Exactly. Anyway, that probably has no end. Hey, everybody has a drill somewhere. You bet. Anyway. So the hell with Andy Rooney and I'll talk to you later. Okay, sir. I'll read for the urge. 1042 is they say on Larry King show. We do have it opening in Broward now and one in date and one in Palm Beach. Isn't that amazing? As soon as he hung up two other lines went out. Well, this is one of those really bizarre psychotic days. There's this is an omen. Where did I see that horse? I think it's a pompot over the night. Well, if you don't go up there and plunge your guts out. And it's a Jeff Gregory, too, who hasn't been doing squat lately. But he's got a horse in the 12th race tonight. The one horse and the name of the horse is Perry Noid. And boy, if that doesn't fit in perfectly with this day. So if I were you, I'd go up to Pomponote and I'd plunge thousands on that horse. Okay, just plunge your guts out. Here's another mobile. Are they there? Yes, they are. Excellent. Very good. I think. How is your presence they go in? Oh, fabulous. Boy, tell your president McKinley would be proud. The Kennedy thing isn't the report. Yeah, I noticed. So Wednesdays the third part. I'm sorry. That's a little much. Yeah. Well, why did it skip Tuesday? Oh, they do skip Tuesday. They got some crap on it, I guess they want everybody to see. I don't know. I don't pay any attention those networks show. So I don't know what's on. Well, I can understand why they skipped Tuesday. But you're talking about Rich, folks. That's what's next. Rich. Rich. Rich, subtlety. Right. And I've got this baseball magazine produced by Major League Baseball. And they were all over the Cup spitching staff. And they were saying, when you get past Greg Mottick, it's all over. It's night night. But I wanted to fact you, the whole thing about the Cup. about the cut, think I'm a scatter report on them and hope they're even coming down on Mike by leaky, but I'm not sure. Oh my god, that's worse than attacking the Bible. Are you crazy? No, I'm serious. What the hell was wrong with Balecchi? He was 18 and 8 or something like that? What the hell is wrong with him? They said he'd be lucky to win 10 games of shit. Oh my god, these who wrote this? Somebody from the Metzno doubt. I don't know who wrote it. I'm not sure who wrote it. Oh, where did they pick the cups last year? They picked them four or fifth. Right, so they know what's up? How old are they now? I know a lot. Did you see your Mitch Webster went? Yeah, to Cleveland. Cleveland. The million and a half or something. I knew that would break your heart. Leave Chicago. That's old news. That's ancient news. Oh, no. But I never call you, so. Well, I know, but it's like from why are we talking baseball? They're not playing. God only knows if they're going to play it's disgusting. Well, I'm depressed. As usual, the fans get screwed. Okay, that's what sports is all about. There you go. I agree with you, but I'm just depressed. I got to bring it up. Okay, so to speak. Have a great day. 1045 at WildD. Everybody's depressed today. What happened? The dolphins loose yesterday? Must have been an unpublished workout. We have an opening in Broward 524 WildD. Or maybe a lot of you went to the track over the weekend and you drowned in a sea of chalk. That's possible. Like some of the rest of us. All those real, real, short prices three to five and one to two. We don't want that crap. Bring back those 25 and 40 and $60 horses. That's where it's at. To hell with all these. And by the way, I have a little tip for you when you go out to Gulfstream. Just looking at your program. And it's only 50 cents. Even if that rich could afford to buy program if you weren't so cheap. And look at the program and look for all the horses that has scintle of ass gays is riding and just cross them out. Just get a big crayon and went and doubt cross them out. Okay, for he is not that I bet him. This isn't sour grapes because I wouldn't bet him with your money. But he just comes down here and it's just brutal. I mean, there are no words to describe what he does when he's here. Let's see, a mobile and four lot of day. I think is that the one I just did? Is that another one? Hello. Hello. You're not a mobile area? No, no. Well, you lucked out. He's got it all screwed up here. He doesn't know what's going on. Listen, I was diving key west and if that's something. Oh, it's here he is. Listen into what is it? FM107. Danyahsman was sitting in for the shadow. Yeah, she was an American top 40. Oh, I see. Great. So pretty exciting. Pretty heavy duty, huh? Yeah. Oh, how do we get him? Okay. Well, I'm sure glad we got the exciting weekend out of the way. Okay. So we gotta go back to terminal board. Thank you. All right. Okay. That's what this is all about. People are a little bit shaken because there were a few too many things going on this weekend. And now we're just getting ready to go back on that downhill slide. In fact, they're doing skiing on the ESPN right now. And it reminds me of tourism in this time. We're just getting ready to go on that straight downhill slide until like the middle of July when it really gets heavy duty here. We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655. 9 foot. Well, it's so hot in July. It all goes. How come if it's so hot in July and August? And that's why nobody's here. How come like in Honolulu or in why Kiki where it takes eight billion dollars and a million hours to get there from anywhere? How come they're all packed up? And you can't even get a hotel room. And it's 87 90 degrees every stink in day and don't tell me about the trade winds. It's hot. I mean, I like it. But it's hot. How come they're up packed? And they don't have any gambling. They don't have anything except a lot of fun and a lot of bodies and a lot of ocean and a lot of good times and great food and luaus and stuff. And living and breathing people under the age of 100. Maybe that's what it takes. Ooh. He said something terrible, right? I'll a Gilbert report from Cooper City. This is like becoming a nightmare. Hello. Yes, Neo. Gilbert has really stepped up in the world now. Okay. Good. Let's pack a sandwich. He's calling sports talk shows. And he started with the media giant Bruce Warner. Sunday night. Bruce Warner. Yes, he related to the. You know, I am Warner Wolf. Bruce Warner. I never heard of a media giant. Yeah. And he mentioned your name and Bruce Warner says we don't want to talk about that guy. Not on this station. Oh, except in the morning. That's the morning. Great. Well, that's good. I'm glad Gilbert stay in busy. Okay. Okay, Neo. Thank you, sir. Gilbert, please give it a rest. Would you trip somebody's got to just take Gilbert's phone and put it on hold for a few months? We have an opening on a Palm Beach line 6559463. This first hour is deadly. It's almost over with, but it's been deadly. Let's say about Toyota of Hollywood. Then when we come back, I know the calls are really going to pick up. I apologize for about the first half dozen people who all thought they were comedians today. I shouldn't have to, but I mean, they were embarrassing. And I think that's kind of stemming from this new amateur comedy hour. That seems to be sweeping the nation as far as a talk format is concerned. Amateur comedians, speaking of that, by the way, the Alex Barnett show this afternoon. The Johnny Walker National Comedy Search with bud Friedman comes to the Alex Bennett show. Oh, that's a guy that stands in the nightclub on that thing on TV. He's got his guy stands over in the corner. And laughs like crazy. And comedian Anna Collins, and this is stripper week at Cetara and free food in our live studio audience. And good luck to you all. Anyway, Toyota of Hollywood's got some fabulous used automobiles. If you're in a market for one instead of buying from one of those fly by night side of the road, use car dealers and every town's got them. There's always used car row and most of them are on 441 in this town, which is interesting because Toyota of Hollywood is also on 441. They don't have to travel far off the beaten path to get a great deal on a real quality. Used automobiles and you know they're going to be there when you come back and you know you're going to get fantastic service too. And 85 Mazda 626 5 door hatchback loaded with extras low mileage only 49 95. And 89 Nissan Centra Tutor with air conditioning and low mileage only 59 95. And 85 Buick Park Avenue 4 door loaded 59 88. And 88 Suzuki Jeep with only 19,000 miles on it just 49 95. And like new condition and 86 Ford tourists in like new condition with low mileage 44. 95 3 solid acres of great dependable used automobiles and across right across the street all those hot new 90s waiting for you at unbeatably low prices. It's Toyota of Hollywood. You'll find them at 1841 North State Road 7 that's 441 between tapped and Sheridan streets in Hollywood. Okay this is very timely you know we were just talking about our friend and I'm reading this article about where the kids are going for spring break and then I come into 4-laterdale. And I quote directly from the Sun sent and listen to this says a lot of kids are running tours to the Caribbean because of the damage caused by the tornadoes and hurricanes or whatever prices are down Gilbert said. And the Bahamas are anxiously going after spring breakers. So Gilbert is everywhere man he's got his finger on the pulse of it all sports of talk of tourism, you name it and Gilbert's got his finger on it. Boca. Yeah how are you doing here? Okay. I must not be watching Sally then. No. Guess you would not guess who has done the her screen. Well I how the Debbie Ellis are senior hall. Oh God. Well she does run a free show so that speaks for itself. He's fitting for perfect fit right in anyway I was talking about what's the about you seen a best square. Yeah. What's going on in the phone there is somebody strangling on the cord. I'm quite sure. I think the man's is using it as a sash cord. Anyway what what's the deal with him you really hit him a lot of road? What is the deal with him? Well you know what they say about a fool and his money are soon parted. That's the deal with him in Gulfstream he is nowhere 90% of the time. I mean like maybe one out of every ten times it looks like he's going somewhere in the rest of the time. It's like hey how you doing you know it's just nowhere is I mean can't get arrested. Well the thing I've noticed about him is like he's the first to call a foul. You know when a race is over and he's called. How can you call a foul when you're running nice the whole mile you know what's what he's doing. It's a five shot you know he's back to the over one to give him a rail you know right on through you know and have an easy win. And if you actually just bump him or even breathe out him up.