The fact that used to be here twice got screwed over by Cox broadcasting brutally a couple of times Or that he worked at QAM. We also got screwed over and they sent him that horrendous embarrassing registered letter that said The get well soon and don't ever come back to work dropped dead or that he worked Several times in a market at the INZ in WNWS and Because that's all the pressing it's all in the past and we're here to look forward to the future like Saturday. It called a race track Right no, I'm not could have spent the rest of my life following you around watching you plunge your brains out on horses You know Would you give me a $2 perfect a kneel you know, that's Would you give me a corn being Sam mature who's not right? I got a bill. Well, when is that stuff? Anyway, the book is coming out today and we're gonna hear in bill is promised that today He's gonna divest himself of that phony image is this phone because Carson ran He said many years ago. This is one of the most vicious men in the business and he's right And he's gonna get rid of that phony mr nice guy image and come out and rip the hell out of everybody from boy Gary to every king to the Miss management team at W 2 a.m. And Randy Martin who just a shameless troll He wasn't here doing the news yesterday I mean I don't know the live me understand. I told her a long time ago. I said don't be so pushy I think because you're never gonna get a job that way and She's a well, I've got to work. I got a little jappy, you know And we're also gonna have a very important call to the west coast Okay, that's come up a little bit later on. Oh God that was a greatest Experience of life that was better. I heard it's I was up so holding out there and not having him take the call to having that knit width little a twerp of a producer. He's got a little Underling can I just take 60 seconds I want to have you can do whatever you want to birthday no the wean Arnold is bringing food today for bill and for fat rich and for Arvin I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want for Johnny dark was monitoring next door Let me sit again not for Johnny dark In fact Wayne when you come over right on each bag. This is not for Johnny dark See I asked if I could have a minute and he started to talk and the word for today is garlic. Okay, go ahead I want to say a lot of couple people happy birthday Dion by the way Doesn't be on birthday today still playing the old washed up rocker rollers Living in the past hey worse for jim Michaels Or really what do you know that we don't know wait till the book comes out today and they have like a point That's the only reason you're here. You want to see them do so no no no no no I was gonna come Monday, but you said no come Wednesday. We'll really rip up Okay, I'll you say I'll go along with it. Okay. Marvitt is good to see you. Thank you so much for your help when I was here before Marvin was a guy that brought in the ABC talk radio machine didn't tell me about it. Yeah And there anyway I do want to say a lot of a couple of people because they I don't think believe that I was gonna be on here There when you know my Cantonese born again crazy and it would never lie. He would never learn that's what jim Frank said Well, that's what he told me and a part of your Sullivan said too Anyway, who also in the parking lot in the IOD news van at about three in the morning for okay I want to say a lot of a couple people please Okay, yeah, all right if you went around me. I'm gonna I'm gonna walk out of here Well, yeah, yeah, see I don't have to worry about you running out of here I'm gonna have to hey listen. I'm doing good. You are doing Okay, not great looks a lot better skin back some weight. He's still gimpy 22 pounds I've gained back and I'd lost over 40 so I feel good But anyway, and my appetite is just gracious I can't wait minutes and numbers are gonna be coming I'll be before you go in your little I'll get a listen to me. No, you've been doing it for 15 damn years Who you try to do Rick Riley? No, I want to say hello First of all to all the girls rattle in my vent at Dr. Whitland saw this Now come on the man's keeping me alive the least I can do it say a lot all the girls I work there Oh, yeah, and Particularly I want to say hello to Anna whose husband is a kneelie I think his name is Mark, but anyway Anna is one of those wonderful people That God ever put on this on this earth and I want to say hello to her. I also want to say hello to my physical therapist or terrorist Physical terrorist Craig and all of those interns that he has worked in at his place I go there three days a week and he's a terrific guy and a big fan of Rick and suds So Anyway Well, that's his line and what are you Yahoo and most importantly the man who continues to bring in my garbage can on on Wednesday and on Saturday a man who has Altored my male Who is given new meaning to the word junk? My male man stand. I want to say hello to him. And the male man stand the music man No, not stand the music man stand the bell man and what's his name from out of the track? Alticoccus Sydney How come oh we know occurs? How come we ever hear from those people? I'm not complaining But you know this when you come on to show you never hear from those people. I don't want to hear from them from Clockersony. No, he's still gonna send you some ballpoint pens out of make up for the 10 bucks Anyways 10 13 to Wiod. Hello Anna hello Stan and I will clear Anna Perez You heard this I don't think so Anna Perez in account at downstairs Me We haven't heard the stitches are awful Great she's a wonderful person What do you cut all these people off you just like you have important crap to say and I don't want to take up all day if we if we play it all of these cards With sometimes I feel you wouldn't get to say 10 words. I doubt if I'll get to say 10 words anyway And while here on the way home is juiced or come all the way over there and yeah, I see any play last time I'm here you said What do you think about that bill? And now never have a lot of things in time to think it over because you've always been a slow starter Always been very tentative and today he's gonna change that image. He's gonna let it all hang out We'll be hearing from no I'm gonna be my seat from Holly was gonna call in today And the traveling mat and his father champagne fat Lou with a stupid the 300 ZX twin turbo that they stick him in with a crowbar and a crane and I don't even know what that is What is that? I've never been I've never been into cars Oh Anyway, it's a not too bad of a walk from here to Pemberpines 10 15 and Wild he the book should be out about 15 minutes before we get started Tom Denner you saw him you're my boss I always I thought him he was tripped over my cane He came in your pleading what I please for most this and since it is already next Tuesday night of next week you like 20 What's the answer to the question? Okay, we were just exchanging some Larry King stories during the break Well, we'll see that for a little bit later. We said the best for last what's the Jeff Brooks story and incidentally What are some of the things I can say on the air about someone that we don't get in trouble for? Could I call uh for example? Can I call them a liar? No, but you can say Only for $10 can't say that You can say whatever the hell you want okay? Because it's my show Do you notice I keep looking at my husband doesn't like it they can why if you got I'm just I'd write a avoid looking at him well I worked with him and he's not that one of the Nazi mustache one of the few people that ever laughed at my jokes Well, you don't laugh at mine. I'll tell you that Anyway Jeff why he's heard them all before Jeff Bray is that a story we got some Jeff Bray stories too by the way Share taking Ray who much time off Bill Remember did I see Don't you remember that no you don't remember that when you're like mother-in-law died or something like that You had to go with Mary suit a Tampa and Jeff Bray you had taken a couple of six days off or something and he said you're taking too much time off or say you don't remember that story That went that suckling Jeff Bray over at W.I.N.Z. See still there. Oh, yeah, he'll be there forever Him and Tim Williams Anyway, we don't want to give him that what's a Jeff Brooks story? Oh, I wanted to tell the Jeff Brooks story I tried to make it very quick because I know you have a lot of call um Jeff Brooks when you mentioned him on your show It brought back a tremendous He's a guy that does the car show of these indicates very good at it. Yeah, very good at it. Yeah, very good at it. Yeah, very good at it for Mary's room former mechanic former gas pumper at Hess at Tampa really Yes, he's the pump gas at Hess in Tampa on Dale, Mayberry at the river stadium at WPLP Are you serious? Hey, did he show on the weekend and that's how it all started for him But anyway, to make a long story short my mother-in-law arrest and peace and my father-in-law Always wanted Mary Sue and I to be Where they were and an opening came up at PLP and I got a call In New Orleans and I took the trip down there and and uh Agreed to do something I've never done before and I would never do again audition on the air audition on the air Domest most are you listening Randy the dumbest thing anybody can do because number one you're not really doing what's Megana your boy they're big on it here audition on the air. Yeah, well, it's everybody on this Let me know next Bennett Please, will you let me finish the story? Otherwise it'll go on and on then you'll start putting me down Anyway I went down and did the show And it was in the afternoon and I did it they asked me to stay another day and I stayed and I was staying with my mother-in-law She was hysterical god lover. She wanted us there so badly and Finally on Friday afternoon it was all over and Went home there was nobody at the station I went home to my mother-in-law's house Set around and I'll never forget it she said what do you think? I mean she was like she didn't understand this business anyway She wasn't on time safer and I said no he used to say what do you think and I said if I don't get this job or Then there is no reality I said it's me and I you my can it a car mechanic Was just thinking you know, I guess of yours. I know go ahead and I said if I can't beat out this car mechanic I'm gonna get out of the business and she was just also happy in the phone rang She picked it up and I'll never forget her voice went hello She was so excited. Yes, he's here just a moment and I got on the phone and it was the program director He said bill I Don't know what said it is but Jeff Brooks got the job I said you're kidding he said no was that two to one In favor of Jeff and I said why and he said because He knows local politics The guy was a mechanic so whenever I think of Jeff Brooks I always think about how he made my in laws Extremely unhappy. It's not a it's not a big story. This never I know I shouldn't tell them Well, I'm sure when I just thought I'd slithered anyway. He's a great mechanic and As a part of you over you messed up your career like so many others have done no no no it was just it was one of those It wasn't a great job and didn't pay a lot of money and I've never had it in I've never had it in Maybe where I would make money like save you I've never had that opportunity to really stick a tool money is meaningless money and cars and all the Ninjaists sure The public doesn't want to hear about people making a lot of money because most of them don't and they don't they reason it? They don't like I know I know I don't want to hear it. I hear it all the way down here I'll hear it all the way home By the way, you should have come to market as I get paid to market as shown in my check anyway 25 past 10 but you only want to have been seen at Wild and I want your no wait a minute. I want your predictions Yes numbers are coming out about five minutes. The first role of the number is okay rapid wire Ask me how I think who's gonna do what? But we know LQY LQY up Riot radio LQY up Lucking third JWQAM QAM Flat I don't want to say something about them you entered you want to hold an off because I want to hold up first Hold up yeah until J gets in the car. No, it's just you know you don't bite the hand that feed you Neil or they still send you a check Okay, I have a few things I'd like to say about them WFTL What a coast Well, I have mixed feelings about the coast. I like the coast a lot and then all of a sudden they're starting to place them stuff I don't we have I'm having a hard time. That wasn't the question though Well, I'm gonna skip that one because I'm a patient WNWS Another and they're life It's just a bowl of cherries kiss Now they've changed the music at life Yeah, just Collins has put a lot of vocals in there. Well, he says it's just changing the make- And the old people's teeth are starting to rattle in the glass to get real nervous from all those vocals and I think they're gonna have some real problems Because what does that start sticking his finger in that's what my doctor told me He said once he starts sticking his finger in things look out W-I-O-D I-O-D I think is just a wonderful place W-I-N-Z I-N-Z I used to work there. I was uh This goes back to W-E-C-G B-C-G I love I'd love there's a sleep hour 96 Power 96 loss of it hot 105 in the morning with Randy Martin Keith I's Lee can pick him I thought that was a micro-nirian in the morning Now come you weren't didn't call in the micro-nirious 15th anniversary last Friday because nobody asked me to a mic and I were never that close Who is? See that's how he stays here all the time. He's like distant. No, we never were that close. I mean, I work right there. But you know kind of a loop He's just me he and I and we we never really hit it off hit it off I mean we did not get along. I don't mean that but I mean it was never it was like a It was like I'm never seen you start drinking that early in the morning anyway It's like me and your mom okay your mom has your mom has your own feelings about me Enjoy sure what those seven yeah Too far up on the dial. I never get up that far K-P-X WKP-X Piper high Oh, I you'll never I never get down now Well, I'm like that all of the pinheads is a boy this guy is a still all right listen I didn't come on here to try to convince everybody that I was 12 years old and that's You're out of it. You're lost. You got a burp a lot and make a barnyard sound Whatever the back at you button a douche bag And so it's that today forget about all those peri colt It is there's any questions that the audience says about the inside Working so this business and especially Larry King if there's anybody in the audience who is old money by Larry King Please call in immediately if not sooner number every line would let hold on go ahead Nobody in this audience is old a penny from Larry King When you file bankruptcy you don't owe many more Call me for $10 Now if you borrow it after you yeah Okay, he borrowed money from you since he filed or case since the article in the Miami news that said how many peri Underwear and how many socks he had remember that? I love that. I think it at the time I thought it was pretty cool, but as I look back on it and retrospect he deserved it and then some What do you do? What he said it? Oh, what you and here always were a close In fact, if I were you this afternoon when I dropped you off sit by the phone because Larry's got this important call It's you're gonna be getting from Del Sharbed at mutual I'll tell you one thing about Larry one of many things I'll bet and I don't know how you are and then maybe it's stupid But tomorrow I get a national television show On CNN or ABC or anyone else if it's two in the morning or three in the morning or eight o'clock at night or whatever it is Who do you think would be my first guest? Take a guess Nelson Mandela or you got half of it right okay You all because I'm the type of person that when I want to I just I would have to have you one You know what I'm saying if you didn't have any talent I wouldn't have you on, but I mean I have you on He wrote a book and he told me bill You're the only one that ever stuck by me, but the fun There's a whole chapter on you in there. It is a whole chapter on Joe Abonette He gave me my break back here in Miami hired me when nobody else would cock straight in the fire I'm a big broad Larry back. He says two later, pardon. He stood up for Larry Well, the book came out and I'm going to you know go nuts. I'm in a book The whole chapter. Well, then I'm looking. Well, I guess I come after the Joe Abonette the chapter Nothing and I I don't feel bad for myself, but I do feel bad for Joe because Joe has a guy that really stuck his neck out for Larry And I used to stand by him and stand by him and stand by him, but now I've had it with him. He's he's a sleaze bag and Fony Lyr absolute Unbelievable. I hope that somebody calls him tonight It tells him I said that Yeah, tell him always bill is said it okay instead of Neil because he used to my Senate and then I'll say bill called or I remember him He used to work in his business. He'll say some shot like that. There's always a good best man in my wedding Yeah, he years ago when I worked here Bob Gordon said it for me while I was Getting married for you and Bob Gordon are pretty tired. Yeah. Well, our careers have crossed taggy Lee and All I could stop call King Paul is an awesome all I'm sorry And man, we're gonna talk about the big WFTL breakfast with King Paul and almost let my mind by the way it gets bill some toast okay any kind Cinnamon toast now. Oh, that's I told us story already. That's the most incredible story and so typical of this business I told it when I was on your show Last time, but I don't I had already told it before. No, you hadn't because I told it to you that day No, I told her it's one of the few things left I told it before it happened. No, I predicted it. Hello, Anna. Hello, Anna. God love you. King Paul But he got smart plan. They went back to what works What's that? Failure 1032 a WLD now One good thing okay because I know everybody's steadily in back because we only got a couple of calls are on the board We're not gonna take any for a long time anyway. Oh, I want to take some calls. I don't want to just sit here and pop each Hello There's nobody on there any away with hello Yeah, speak up Yeah, put them all I'll put you on something. Rourd All right Traveling man Traveling man Oh my the way hold on a second. Do you know that yesterday? Yesterday, I you talk about embarrassing because I confused Champaign Loo and Woody last Friday I'm embarrassed by that because I'm pretty good on a voice is usually yes today that that's dunk that super day calls Our brick and slot in the afternoon had them totally sucked in with a really ridiculous call I had no idea who it was and then before the end of the call is just how and I'm at home just see thing And before the end of the call is just how come you're always disin super day well first of all anybody says disin belongs in the institution number one But and they still at that point never They got to the whole call and they never knew who it was what is the first call or so The first one you said Like that he's put me on hold he said he's like some like view for tears. Oh, I thought he was putting me down. What is it Matt? I was sees all have tell you think it out Oh It was skipper Chuck That was who it was yeah Yeah, all right hold on a second, okay, as I know you got nowhere to go 1034 a WOD and I started to say I'm in and go the best almond for the book Now is it true that the numbers were starting to be fed at 10 No, I know it takes time. I'm not what you're not listening to me though The point is this it's 1035 already the bad line has not wrong yet and Tanner is not the phone The only time we hear from my close personal friend Bill Tanner is when we go in the toilet Which is interesting because last several months in a row we've heard from Bill Tanner But so far I don't see the bad line ringing at all. That could be a very good song Because a day without Bill Tanner is like a day without a need a man. It's great Well, it's like why do I think of them like in the same like a form without pretty pearl exactly? Well, we're gonna have a lot to say when pretty come a call's in later I'm sure in our guarantee he'll have a lot to say right now question about it 1035 at WOD will come back Bill Colter's are very important special ratings. They guest here at WOD Back to see where the bodies are buried. He's gonna go in and punch till cost isn't them out during the break Is Bill cost in the still here? You are gonna be amazed when you discover that we have new vending machines in the cafeteria Downstairs and the sodas are still only 50 cents and we have Phil cost in the tank for that So no mess with Phil All I never did I've known Phil alone time if you ever say anything about the Broward Mall again Anyway, Governor was on before the show is over today Where the hell is it? I don't hear anybody Wait a minute Some pit heads 21 till 11 at WOD that's become and it's all because of Bill Colter We have this gentleman here to thank today for a song that we sing in the shower while we're scratching our nose and Just almost any time just break out in the song well there's a lot of things you could thank before But you're like Bobby probably won't anyway let the you want to take another caucus I'll travel and mad with that point. I'm not gonna establish anything about myself here. This mobile call is gone, aren't you? You're still there, huh? Still here. I might not be in for two or two or nothing. Yeah, what you're used to that? Yeah, well I had the lion said I wanted to talk to Bill to get on but I want to ask you a question deal Be down on Miami tomorrow. Where is uh Arnold? Broke asshole. Where is Arnold? Yeah, you mean you really don't know? We don't make it down to Miami up here. Where are you right now sir? I'm in lock the hatchy Lock the hatch well I'm here. I'm out by the Lion could be Safari. Okay I know exactly wait a minute. I want you're on the air at a very suspicious moment Brad Rich just came in to the numbers are starting to print out okay, so any second now Oh, God, I can handle a pressure. I see a singly This is a big day anyway How do you hurry up sir? They're gonna cut you up like where are you? Where are you right now? Because I was paying no attention. Where are you? Lock the hatchies up by the people Animal to what? Do you want to know about Arnold's real casualty? What do you want to know about Arnold's real casualty? Oh tomorrow. Yeah. You're coming down on any five, right? Yep. Put up at 120 fifth exactly go West Young man one block one block two Arnold's okay Okay, Northwest 7th has right on the corner. I mean you couldn't miss it if you were a death dumb and stupid I might miss it like I said You'll enjoy it in fact they're bringing a whole bunch of stuff in today and Bill is gonna be Salivating about it in fact Rich is gonna be picking out and Johnny Darks gonna be in here Have a little fist fight to see who gets the most full. It'll be great. I'm double in up on your sponsor tomorrow I'm hitting armadillo cafe for dinner. Oh Excellent choice one of the best if I came down literally I find some place for breakfast But I won't be done stop by my house. I'm not working stop by a lot of bills all spots is for breakfast Marmere Mar diner Well, they're closed up now, but things will be back have a great thing Wait a minute. He wanted to talk to me He didn't want to talk to you at all. He said he lied to get on the air, but he only want to ask how to get to Arnold's Well find somebody wants to talk to me They don't want to talk to you. Are you not even know who I am? Oble in the Grove that wants to talk to Bill Colter. Hi, Bill. Hi, see? I listen how do you get to Arnold? Oh Cute What are you driving? For a Ford Oh, yeah What is it a 9-11? It's a ladies car. Yeah, is that a Porsche ban? I'd me okay. How old are you? 21 Do you know who Bill Colter is? Course not. No. Okay. See you later 10. 41 a W.O.D. Marvin's doing his usual exquisite job as cleaning me No, I don't want him to. I want him to just show his normal show his use business is usual That was a Rick Riley's daughter by the way driving the saying that she was driving a Porsche because it's a ladies car 9-11 people to Rick and Sudge today. Boy you are in for a real tweet Anyway, we have an open line in date one on a star aisle Deal line and that's it phone starting to build a crescendo But I'm a little reluctant to get in anything too heavy because well, that's going let's go Get a couple calls on for God's sake because I'm gonna be pushing the background here I'll be sitting around wait your stand. Let's go let's go though be champion Doddler Even chucked Dottle of channel 10 sports formally never doddle like you do man even before this guy got sick He was the slope the slope poke of all time In fact, I gotta tell you this you're moving faster now Then you used to be for the king try out well There's starting to nip it my heels in fact that's what the saying the W ABC before the cane We were really moving now. It's like death Valley day. I wasn't that we don't want to rip Steve doing you like Steve. I love Steve Really no, that's Steve from Hollywood to talk about here's a Bobby and Hollywood Hey, Bill oh, where we go now. We got a guy. Oh, yeah, truck and now we got a lot of oh You know how much all men from Texas Yeah, yeah Bill make for God why can't we get somebody Well these are your colors that's what you got is all these Bobby is a special person right Bobby. Oh Thank you so much for the call. Oh, right a little background here Bobby for you You're terrible. I love instrumental God I love this woman oh Why wasn't married a wait a minute nice a bad oh Bobby Yes, wait a minute wait a minute hold a put Bobby I love God we're dropping like a rock okay, is it good or bad good? Oh, oh man the tree tree We drop it home a bill. Yes, go ahead I think we may need your Bobby I was going to try to get Becompies over today. No, not today. No, no, but I wanted to come on a Tuesday So that I could make one for me as a take to his mom because I'm only a You know that's right. No, I'm candy to me. They're Bobby. Look at look at that Wincy of three three and Wincy ODS right. We're tied for 12 You're gonna brush me off. How are you? I'm doing fine Bobby. What not could I be able to do much here? I'll see at the usual place tonight, right? Oh, yeah, we got to go, Bobby. We have Bill Tanner on the bat line now with some more bad news Is that Tanner? Yeah, what the how do you want? Oh, do you want numbers? You go see he went up from a four seven to a five three that's the only reason Now are they gonna be that bad? They can't be good because the station went down again Hey, you're midday numbers. Yeah, four four oh now 12 plus a four Wow, is that good and terrible? Mornings was four nine to a four two and they're bringing me middays right now and I'll give you the What was the last number do you remember? Let's see WIUD midday 51240 woo that vet now Hi Bill that now Hmm You the art did the number did I tell you did I tell you that this man would be on the phone if we had like a deadly book Okay, what about the afternoons? Don't have that ding at the mornings. I have yeah, you said René went from a four nine to a four two Did I say that I didn't even though that's what you just said WIOD As the death continues at WIOD Well, I'd tell you somebody's up there in Beltsville, Maryland this smoking some strange stuff. I'll tell you that 4904 2 and I think I'm gonna walk down the John you wouldn't be real. I'm going this matter. I'm okay. Hey, listen, you know something That's what's all about the old up and down. Hi Bill afternoon 3 3 to a two six Hi Bill Hello who IOD? Well, how do we have a three three there? What happened at night time? Don't tell me Yankees went up I don't know I haven't done it. Oh, man. I see is this bogus or what? I mean, that's got to be the silliest thing I've ever heard in my life Yeah, it's depressing to think that you would go down from Alex Yeah I did always possible Don't and a colder just wanted to say something cost to get no I just wanted to say how was it? Billy, does it remember me? What do you mean? I'm a climatlater Hi Bill Hi Hi whoever's there no rain. He's not here if he's on QAM to dig and she's trying to retrace her tracks Okay, it's a long car we don't want to play the whole thing. There's a two-day pressing We don't need any help today. It's 1106 it did a little Wild Hungarian Missouri because you're Mike's not on by the way because Marvin's busy talking with Henry This is my car. I didn't hear him. Sure now it's on. I wasn't on the beginning. You're not for you. No, it's slime ball Okay, what is it four minutes? That's four minutes long about yeah, but we don't have time for those you like the way I found that's yes, sir And a gas station on the ground floor in a gas station John in between Austin and San Antonio I was filling in for some people in both markets are disning on here. No and oh That's why you're here today. How you must have had advanced numbers? No, I'm not auditioning. I'll never audition again. I don't even I don't even know what I want to work again Well, you should know what I want to work at Wild again because you're just bouncing back from illness And that you've been in a pretty good mood of chances of my working at this station again minimal or minimal Well, that's what we said about Stan And he's on tonight by the way for me to 11 tonight. We just mentioned that because he's on about everything Maybe you could get a deal like that beyond like about once every two three weeks No, I don't think so I'm going in a different direction East I thought what I think what we need now to solve the problem. I don't want to get into a big thing like I'm an expert Because obviously I know nothing. I was afraid of this No, it's very short. No, I should have come right now. It's brief like 60 seconds or less What we need now is a lot more changes Anyway, it's 1107 at Wild D see the because they change more than more than you change your let me ask your question Yeah, while the news was on yes sir Did I make a comment about Numbers in the station and people did I make a comment that you felt was Right to the bowl don't do it during the break do it on the air right on the water Oh, please don't hold back do it on the air right now you said that you were gonna hold back and be the usual Winpy No matter when begun than let it out you Let it out When you you know you put on this actor Yeah, you do you come on like you're really letting it all hang out to think that they ought to find out what you really think because I know that yeah, yeah years and I know the real I know the real Nelson do you yes sir and Ella Want to take a call or two here? Yes, please god. Oh boy. I'll have a lot of say you like I did see you like this Jupiter Hey, Bill Yeah, thank you. Thank you for remembering when you when you are on WTIX and new on was that till with you then? No, I replaced Ed Till which you give you an idea what where my career is going Are you gonna go back or you go back up or back? Can I go? I've gotten sick I can hardly walk I'm using a cane I've lost 59,000 pounds and I'm not working I can barely make the mortgage and You're as me if I can go back go back where to what I've never things have never been like this before my life Well, Ed Till's a program direct in our of SMB No, he's not yeah, no, he's not I know who it is No Michael I can't win I can't win my crazy face. Yeah, is the program director there Ed Till is in Chicago at the loop That's frightening. I know that's a lot of it'll just show you how far talent will get you Yeah, you hear any womb of Steve Gantt can't go into SMB Yes, you did yes, I did I heard that just I heard it from you Yeah, well, I run 101 as a sailor Run So it is life but you can get the chance Wait a minute. Do you believe that Ron Hunter story? I mean all of us here in Miami Many of us I should say remember Ron when he was a channel 10 Yeah, but I remember him on the Ron Hunter show from 12 to 4 on SMB on Saturdays are doing the day, you know And then remember he had the crime show at night Yeah, late at night like a world of more than one that yeah, right, yeah, but yeah I remember hearing that lady call us down a lot better. Are you from New Orleans? What are you doing here? Following you Well pack your bag get on the bus just for the evening I get to travel a lot of ways to wait a minute. Where would you like to go next? Where would you like to go next? I'd a jupor man. It's boring man. It's dead here. I mean per cumulase. Okay. Well per cumulase Sega biker. Yeah, bye. Okay. Good call it that's a awful call 11 after 11 at WIOD is an open line in Broward that 524 Some more One in Palm Beach at 655 WIOD were hoping Larry Barrenoff calls in or Ray Marsh before the show is over today and Star I O D for the mobile people to want to glow to about our terrible ratings in the meds victory last night North Miami Beach All right, there you go. Let's go Yeah, good to hear you, bro. Well, it's great to hear you. Isn't it funny how the situation's changed just four months ago I was the big celebrity and you were calling my show and now here I am talking to you How you feel it? I feel fine and I'm glad you had a youth feeling much better. I feel a lot better I'm putting on I put on 22 pounds in the last six weeks and I my appetite's back and I only say that for those people who remember That I got sick No, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm on life support as it is now then I could I could have not got a wheelless big machine in here Why I miss you and a lot of us out here well, I'll be looking at the whole amount of show today See what do you think I brought him in here for just to eat lunch? Now I think about him in there took him to Seoul in just in case news wasn't too good and it's interesting to note No, I brought him in here so he could talk to his good buddies in radio land like you okay, so I didn't bring him in here to cold mine How I would don't wait a minute. Don't start yelling at this guy He's a nice guy. Don't don't kind of mop or I walk you must be another Rick Riley and drag. Okay This is the bill called or that I know this is this is this is the hothead bill called her Bruton on to the air with the man that coined the phrase that you free yeah, the man who actually Redbubble knew have a have a place to afford a forum. That's right Yeah, and unfortunately the man discovered Gilbert as well. That's correct. Don't leave that out and the man who gave John the cue you depressed me Oh God, well, you got a good memory ever forgiven for that. Yeah, speaking of radio drifter John McHugh lived in his car The part that got it's a win John McHugh a little old DJ who lived in a shoe. Yeah, yeah, and what a Remember he always brought his wife with him. Yeah, and she was asleeping at the you drive it motel Oh, I'm a good boy is that quite a call. Yes, sir Yeah, I'm out of station sir Don't start all over I know that he paid you a lot for this for let's not listen what's right is right in fact We would we check in the lineup card tomorrow here at 16 you never know he might be penciled in Okay, thank you by sir Thank you by hand even take your theme. I mean and then put their own name 1114 at Wiod on ratings Wednesday remember Black Friday and dark Tuesday This is ratings Wednesday now knowing what a even tempered even keel guy Rick Riley is in the afternoon Can you imagine what kind of a show that's gonna be is he a big guy? Oh, a big guy a big guy top big enough to know better tough mean cries a lot and And the I think he's good. I could be wrong because listen a couple of months doesn't make a career and They're certainly proof of that, but I didn't tell you he was expecting big things in that book I was expecting a little increase now much and we went down even more precipitously frightening But he was expecting big things That's a little early and they've only got like a three-week contract So I'm probably being nervous today psychotics early hostile, which is what he's good That's when he's at his best. I want to meet the other guy puts He's pretty good. He's the talent anyway. So 1115 and up to him about it Anyway, it's 1119 at Wiod. Go and I have the definitive reason why some of these things are happening But we don't want to go into it in the air because it would sound bad Back at you. Okay. Let's go Stop ripping those guys you are I like guys and you're out of work too for a while there it got screwed over You can relate to guys like I certainly think I'm gonna be real soon But I got his for it doesn't bother me doesn't bother me at all I'm just gonna travel the world and I got a lot of credit cards You know by the time they catch up with it you could let's go to medley for Bill Calder What's going on gentlemen? Yes sir. Why is the morning? When I was taco boy. I already got a sour look on his face. What's this? Is this 25 to 54? Oh man, bad news. Go ahead sir while we blow our brains out Neil listen did I see you on the turnpike this morning getting caught in that traffic jam behind bird road? No sir. Wasn't you huh? No, why would I be by bird road? I don't know I wait vet you know a day to four lives playing the front. No, yeah, what I'll say to for that was me All right by the way a six-am to midnight 25 to 54 is data from a two two or one six Speaking of which I have a live suggestion for why I end you doing well these days. Yes. I think people are finally getting around to discovering Alibra and what a study really is. Yeah, that's probably it. I want to study Jeff Bray is now I haven't even seen these yet get out of this room now Johnny dark you fat pig go ahead sir I believe this guy comes in starts fingering my come on my ass You don't even have a real job yet get out of here go back and play your little porn aggressive I can't believe this you believe the way comes in here You believe the way this man comes in here and Mr. sticky fingers and starts lifting all kinds of crap Get out of here nice go hit up on Neil brighter something get out of here What is this guy when he's a history he's not a nice guy's a sloth I'm gonna receive you get so vicious. Well, I'm starting to act you wanted me to be myself go Yeah, but I mean it's been a long time since you've had those K-18 No, wait I didn't want to say to hit you up look at this women 25 to 54. Why the hell do we want that? Look at that midday two four to one six and woman. Well, you don't have any women anyway You don't think that that month that we had all is the prepubescent pinheads going up up load Du Spag and farting on here you think that might have something to do with this sir I just I just have no response look at this man 35 to 44 Monday through Friday 10 a.m. The 3 p.m. from a 10 a to a 6 a How do you like that still number three, but that's Pathetic rich you know how to get to Pembroke poems boy Stand by a main need you. I'm driving a homestead. I'm going straight south out of the keys I'm just going to keep driving 100 miles in 140. Well, I'm just going to keep going And you'll drive into Cuba You don't think that bill sounds a little like Harry Kerry just he looks like Harry to his matter of fact not quite as much hair, but pretty close All right, but now they're starting to attack guests Well, we have to attack anybody who's nearby. I should have come on Monday. Don't you think sir? I told you know what is this this is the whole book? So what do I want that for? I don't want the old what we got the new one coming out this these are even better numbers go ahead sir. What is it? Is it it's going to answer? Well, I just want to know if I thought I felt like Kerry Kerry I think you really does okay. Thanks a lot. Excellent call 22 after 11 at Wild he wanted to know a piece sounded like Harry Kerry next Monday I'm returning to topics Okay, and here's Wayne Arnold. What is that a new surround is neck? What the hell is that? Wayne, what do you got there? I mean the numbers weren't that bad, okay Wayne is here to hang Tom Dennerburg in the back. We did a bit specs in the course his wife was really shocked when she heard Tom was hung We got some terrific food here now for bill called or see we don't mess around We give you a hard time. Well, what did I say you driving down here today? You said of all the places he was hoping Look at that. Isn't that beautiful? He said that he hoped at Wayne Arnold where bring some stuff out of his he never had white hot He has not any your food. He is going to be in for such a treat today It's going to be shocking Now am I right and fair rich is eyes lit up like a Christmas tree and I wonder somebody I don't want to mention his name Who just got kicked out here? I wonder how long it'll take me for he comes slimming back a simple under some wind to him Well, you know you've always had a half somebody around What is with the bird now? You always like the bird a lot and since he's gone now He's sitting over there in Lakeland today the phone is ringing as we speak the bird and the guy next door is reporting to him about this four-share and the birds Hey, I told you I told you what going around come around Trust me. I didn't care and see now he sucked Anyway, look at this man Wayne just went not so today, huh? How you doing? This for me Let me let me introduce myself C.A.L.D. Oh look at watch yourself trial. Okay, because this guy didn't like to be a slob don't spill any on him Excellent. Oh, what is look at the amount of food we got here? This man went absolutely eight like a snow cone Marvin said increase it a little bit. Why C.A. Extra hung OIC in other words after the book comes out. We probably won't get fed for a long time Right hey, listen we don't care life is more than an arbitron rating book. Okay with all these ethnic diaries that they hand in What is that what is that right who's that on the bad line? Birch beer now wait wait a minute. Do you know who's on the bad line? I have no idea You are just gonna first of all the fact that he's calling on the bat line is so growtesque to begin with that I have no words to describe it Does Felt hip pens bring back and now what is that because that birds beer because I can't drink that No, but thank you anyway Yeah, thanks for the ice you know who it is. I've no idea. Altar clocker Exactly my sentiment Sydney that do you want to talk to them? No, okay hang up on them Tell them our neary will be back Monday You don't want to talk to them, do What is he want to talk? I have no idea. Well, I mentioned his name before he calls on the bad line because Renuri actually puts him on a ear like he knows something about horse race Oh, which he doesn't it was nothing about it. He knows how to borrow money at the track though. He's a guy Yes, Sydney, but Sydney believes that the thing that the Jockeys Tap the horse with and the stretch yeah, it's called a sister Well, I always said that in says what a lot for a sister with a call put a month. You want to talk to them? Of course it's a sister they had those poor horses as well Yeah What do you mean go test going the line the only thing go test because the last horse nail gave me a call Yeah, I'll give you I got a horse or a king of dance It took a right turn and went into the club house. You still have your polotas? Oh, yeah, my polotas are still dangling around the house. Yeah, I have a white arrow full of home Who know what is this white hot? Well, it was nice talking to Sydney, but life goes on Okay 25 after 11 at Wild Now what are you gonna have a roommate discussion here about lunch? Can't you just eat it without getting a whole a detailed It's delicious. Hey listen this is could be the most excited Just show it in your mouth and don't ask for a life history on it. Okay Oh, that looks good Miami Good morning. Yes, sir. Are you today? Welcome to happy days at Wild I don't know about that. All right entertainers are returning to the airwaves tomorrow Sir, we're bringing them all back Bob DeCarlo will be here and bring them Larry Call the call of egg. What's not a grrr. I know that's why I said it just eat the food. Okay I'll take care of this little low Bob DeCarlo was a guy who knew how to play golf with management Yeah, well, they're big on it. They like like Zagaki He goes out and sucks around with management talks him into a lot of embarrassing stuff Well, and now they'll say oh look at those Yankees man. That's a really bright spot in the station And we'll double up on the Yankees games will repeat him and play him twice Right there wait a minute. He has asked him a question and we're waiting for you to respond well I didn't hear the question because you were yapping so how are you doing Bill? I'm doing fine. Thank you so much Well, that's good. I really miss you on WQA and I will believe me. It's no great loss No, I enjoy that you may be not on that station, but I know I've been a lot better on other stations I enjoy we went to the remote trumpet Ricky's you had there. Oh really? Yeah, that's nice to be remembered I was one deal said I wouldn't get one call that they would remember me I remember actually I when you were in the hospital I had dropped off a tape of Tatsimontana I was wondering if you all ever received it my favorite no no Well, it's done at that distance hospital They wouldn't take it at the desk. They said oh, no you have to deliver it I said no I don't want to bother them But they let me make leave it the nursing station. He was on David Letterman of all people That's right. I heard about that. Yeah, and I heard about that. Meal doesn't know who she is He's in jail a Dion and all the old rock and rollers Go ahead, you know stop off on the roof by the temperatures I'm starting here about the mirror my dire. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and well, and after a lot of bill sponsors Yes, oh, it didn't they close after I love Good talk up there. Do you hear that? I can't believe it. No, it was excellent Oh, this is goes right on it. I heard sunny talking up wreckage this morning on the micro area show that was shocking That was amazing. Well, he does a good job And he's a great guy John Baker who's sunny. Oh, I touched on my mic Just now how is it did you eat anything yet? Are you just though? Or is there still preliminaries? Okay, so let's come on. Today we go back to serious topics here. This is all over the parties over Okay, well, I thought I'd give it a little bit more chat. I thought we would bounce back. Thanks for Rick and Pots I thought they were gonna be the salvation out there. We're gonna be like Jesus and drag and they turned out to be more like Monty Python Yeah, I think like you had you pinpointed it when you said when you were out ill and they someone was covering for you It all the butt loads and back edges Well, I'll just too much too much of this pinhead Doos bag stuff, you know, it's just lost its focus. Well, those hard hitting cops are smoking You bet okay, okay You have sinking float lady. Wait and thank you very much Wayne you really did a job that I thank you see a pal 29 after 11 at Wild and what a guy? You ever see so much food in all your life now are you sinking your teeth into a Rochester White hunt from Wayne Arnold right now? Mm-hmm incredible. It first one I Baba has spicy delicious Boy, look at the little party we got going in here. This is this is the way we are kids like Jews When somebody dies they have a party and everybody eats a lot and the book just came out We're doing the same thing. Okay. I bet you they are really grim up there I bet we're gonna have a lot of executive meetings a lot of gnashing of teeth a lot of history am I right? What what is that? Cheryl gives me like yeah I'm not talking about your food. I'm talking about these psychosis and the building. I'm talking about all these upper-end middle-level management people who know that the end is near and that they better fire Everybody else first before they get there is which is coming very very soon Anyway, it's 11 30 a Wild. Let's hope would yeah, I have you bring those and die cooking there. Yeah, hi Bill Steve from Hollywood is on the phone ladies and gentlemen one of America's truly incredible phone callers who's got a lot to say and is not afraid to say it What does that mean? I'm not being precipitated, is that right? Well, I just said it because we were discussing you the other day as a matter of fact of the track and we agreed that you have got a lot to say You don't beat around the bush you're coming right out you tell it like it is you're not boring and well, I wouldn't say that And we also like your smooth steady style that's the cotto like a rapid fire delivery What they do you want your show star about Sunday would be good? I don't like that you don't like what? That's no cone cone. What are you guys doing in there? What the hell is the one time we ever invite this guy back on a show don't start telling us what you don't like tell us what you do like me No, oh wait Arnold just brought $4,000 with the food in here. It is giving me don't like his snow cone No, he doesn't have a snow cone. He's got a cup with too much ice in it. That's oh Was the white hot bill I can't believe it bill called reading on the air in the studio. Yeah, and Neil right never feeding him again. He is such a grouch Yeah, well listen what can I say you know, he's so that's how those guys are castle burgers too by the way How old is our life and for your finish now? What's the story? Steve whatever how your name is yeah, so we're bringing Steve came back on Monday We're gonna have the urn lady on Tuesday Have to see you him lady. Do you m lady? Neil me I say don't have replace of you and basketball all during the rest of the summer We're gonna get back to what really is always worked here at Wiod you know what it's called Steve? What's that failure failure? You know what I think is happening right now? I think you're overreacting Who me yep you? Well, I'm just reacting the way I know that management reacts because they've had like six trends that have gone in the toilet in a row And they're just not gonna sit back to wow, you know, let's just wait another month They're gonna say up everybody's doing a lot of things wrong and we better start interfering like crazy before we're out on the street Don't mess with success. What success? Well, okay. I'll accept that when Wion's eat ties you You know that the handwriting is on the wall as Daniel would say it's all over with we're finished. We're done Nice run we had a good time and I enjoyed it Listen don't don't don't sound the death nail yet Neil Why do I sound depressed I hate listen I've become the last few months I've become philosophical It's like getting caught in a web of mong as somebody I know will say What if you're not just like getting caught on the Titanic like on the lower level, you know arranging textures and I go down together. How do I sound today Steve? Terrific build with your mouthful. That sounds great. Hello Wait when Steve from Hollywood starts taking a little shots at you, you know that the put all over yeah The nice pickle. Build those that I'm just saying it in just you know so much I love him and I really admire his style as a person and as a personality I personally think that the ratings are fixed if you want to know the truth I've been didn't want to say that for a long time but I think basically that the arbitrage somebody is Having paid off and there's the fixes in well I don't know if you can go that far but if if you're serious I think what happens is as either you or one of the other guys alone on the station put it out There's a lot of the people get those those diaries either don't know what the hell it's all about they just Set them in because they feel they know something It's a seven and they love the book. That's right eight He thinks that the book should be put what do you got? Huh? What do you got? What do you mean? Just what I said what do you go? What's your number? Come on Neil don't be so cruel I'm just well listen I can't even with him don't I? No, no, no you don't okay What is you feel this compulsion to beat the hell out of everybody that disagrees with you because it's fun? Also it's because he's flashing up as you said earlier He's sort of but he's sort of taking the back by the ratings that I think he is taking a back that was it Zeta and there's still going down He tears off here. They're still going down so if you think we're doing poorly how are they doing? I'm not saying anything about being precipitous. I'm just making observation I think that's I think baby you're over reacting a little bit Neil okay Don't get too old. So a week from Monday. I'll start though with the topics Okay, that's a delay a week. I don't want to interrupt your dinner I just get that nutritionist on Monday by the way Let's get Jane Donnigan with the freaking wig in here and all Sandy's old guests Well most of them are dead by the way I'm about out of material. I just thought I'd come over We're still on your show. I mean you're out of material. You didn't have any material Well, that's a can't get a running engine. I was between well wait a minute wait a minute We never checked to see how Sandy and Debbie did okay wait a minute hold on now Because Alice went up a little bit to a three four Alice went back to topics So maybe we better start following Alice's slippers. Is Debbie doing Alice? Unlikely. Oh, let's see here we go. WS News midday two six to a two six Not too exciting there Well, we only got a four so what the hell are we talking about you know what they say? Yeah, what go through round now. Let's see 12 plus let's look at the sandy patent go around okay and you have to know on the Steve That's one of your favorites, isn't it? What's that? Sandy to wonder with two oh He didn't give any prizes so I don't bother calling you anymore. Okay I'm one of those I'm one of those snorkecks Well, I said Steve that's all we have to report it's wonderful hearing from you. You're okay and our book don't be Nirotic okay, okay. I won't be like that. I think it also personally like you used to and writes Bill all of psychotic letters Just a radio show I Only really one letter and that was a long time ago and that was not psychotic or neurotic But it was a random turn it was pathetic. That's the word have a great day You too deal so long Bill. Oh, thank you. You are coming have a nice meal Bye By the way, and we have another Alex Bennett the thing here. This is out of the examiner out of the real paper in San Francisco Bad Alex Bennett bounces back in the gate Bay area It says from his first day in Miami Bennett was made to feel on welcome Oh wait a minute wait a minute. Let me go back up a bit my amy the venue and the market turned out to be anything But nice the worst place I've ever lived in bed it does mine saying just miserable But they do have strange and selective tolerances there even though they've banned two live crew and Tonga Baydon suits From his first day in Miami Bennett was made to feel on well commosely by people at his own station Wild and mostly on the air very strange says Bennett the guy who came on here before me was the radio star of the town a guy named Neorodges well, he's that's ancient history Right off he started banshing me on the ear making fun of everything I did I never heard of someone on your station going on the ear Going on the ear to say use suck Then everyone on the station joined in it was one of the most impossible situations have ever been in I want to management ask them to stop it. They said they couldn't that it was a free form radio station Finally I started blowing my stack on the air. I walked into this guy's studio during a show told him if I wasn't such a nice guy would punch him in the nose Then I don't have the carton machine. He's not a bad break after three months in Miami Been it was suspended by the station and he walked out. I felt so terrible in my girlfriend And I drove to New York and I'm sure I didn't say a word for a thousand miles and it goes on and on and Cvetching and bitching and morning and we're gonna start doing just like he does. We're gonna blame everybody else for our fairs You're okay if it wasn't for that goddamn Henry Barrow and at 11 o'clock news we'd have a seven Anyway, it's 23 till noon What? News for drugs and With some are here what better way to cool off them with a great TCB anyway Let's take another call bill callers here. He's in a good mood. He's having a lunch. Did you have some Arnold burgers? And eat me burger no I'm gonna have one of those next Let's the the mobile's gone. I give up on us his Eric How's it going now? Okay, Eric what's up? Is this Eric come a roll? This is your valley parking Eric at the track. Yeah, oh Eric thanks for pulling up close to the curb. Yeah, holy and if I ever have a winning day Eric then you'll see what a real big tip is so to speak Hey, listen be happy with a 20 bucks Eric. Yep, he would be with that 50 Eric And don't spend it all on place. So we're gonna come out Saturday again to celebrate the great ratings We had today Like I said we're coming Sunday What what do you mean you're not gonna be there? I got I work at UPS and night and I have a songball term or up in Melbourne you have a one Saltball term Eric. I think your priorities are awesome But because I have that shiny hundred dollar bill in my wallet that I have put in that special section That of course is my gambling money. Yeah You're gambling money seems to be diminishing at the rapid. Have you got to go to the track and rapidly We need to need a one of us cash to tick it as matter of fact. Yeah, I heard yeah, what's good? So when you're gonna be back Eric? I'll be back Sunday Sunday we were going Sunday this week anyway Yeah, right bill. Yeah. Yeah, we were thinking about that. Isn't that a funny omen? Well, no, I don't like going there and bringing him in his week in condition and just having anybody open the door and carry him in and Like you do we want to make sure that you're there Sunday so that's why you really call right Eric Because you want to make sure we don't come when you're not there I want to make sure you're taking care of me. You need that 400 bucks right right you want to make sure I'm taking care of yeah Well, we can discuss that at the car Now we'll see you Sunday Eric all right and go uh cubs. Okay all the way good luck five good kid A little wise guy but good kid lem43 now he's all right. So we're just kidding Eric We're just taking it out and we're lashing out at everybody. Okay. How come we get women 25 to 54? That's for the coast now and that big mouth fat Slob Johnny dark was just an area Oh, they did the breakout we beat all the AC stations in June So of course they're gonna go through the roof over there Which I hope happened soon to take the heat off of us. Okay. We've supported them long enough during all the struggling days of GTR when it would be like TOOS They'll kind of a number is that I'll guess J Michael's would kill for it some rise Bill Carter Yes, sir. Sorry to interrupt you lunch No, it's over now. He's digesting now. However. I have in my position as we speak a promotional photograph of about 20 years ago of you standing on Park Avenue Apparently trying to hail a cab without much success This is from W. H. N My god and 50 on your dial in New York City now currently W. F. A. N. I believe I miss from the morning in the matter of effect What did you get that I see I was living in Staten Island New York at the For this along with pictures of our here some names for you to remember her boss Karran Justin Bruce Bradley Bob Six Simmons Bob Jones Dean Hunter Oh my god tap hotter The late one you star Lonnie star you still weekends So I thought that way taking some memories for you here. Oh, that's terrific 6 to 9 PM Monday through Friday. I don't remember what to did on the weekends But one of the highlights of most of the evening programs was the Willie Bird's Remember the Willie Bird going up to I guess it was Westchester or Connecticut to check out the Herbosk Renders and Farm for the the evening taking out of the garbage Oh my god. Yeah, I did a bit where I flew over All simulated over her Boscis house for the emptying of the garbage near her that Trumpets blaring and here came her with his robes and the garbage bearers and all that stuff. Yeah, that was a good bit I guess how to use that again I'll take another shot with it. Call it the Neil Rogers emptying of the garbage Here comes the hot pot of my two dogs and a little tiny has just a little bag of garbage That's cute Okay, well listen things were different then people are having fun on the radio And not anymore we're stopping as of right now. I'll tell you that and we're off to a good start But those are the good oldies. Yes, sir. Well, you can't you can't go back. You know you can't be live the past That's true. No, don't currently we're not successful in catching that cap you're looking for No, I never did catch it until it was too late I don't know if that's significant of anything. Yeah, did I have a white rain coat on? Yeah, and white gloves. Okay, now that comes from a picture called funny face with Freda Stair and what was her name The little French girl and it was funny her on a Leslie Caron and All the way through the movie more white rain coat that I went nuts for and had a hard time finding and finally found it And I think I'm wearing it in that picture. I like time Hard to be in the movie. Yeah, sir, and I was doing a lot of dancing then I'll tap the inching and radio Hold on to me Okay, that's a kind of stuff that got us at four sheer serves so I don't think you're here too much of it after today Okay, we're going back to giving serious. I friendly. Oh, okay. Take care. You'll take care of Bill Okay, 1147 a WIOD so all you pinheads on you slime balls that have dragged this down to the a mucking Mire with you. It's audio s right starting tomorrow It's heavy duty World War III talk on 610 your combat station WIOD I don't see a whole combat boots. I got to say one thing. Yes, I've heard you do topics Which all of a sudden I don't know why it became a dirty word because you're doing topics every day Just of a different kind just that they don't talk about them. That's all Oh, you don't announce that you're doing a topic, but you still give an opinion on exactly like 20 different subjects And they never respond to them. They got their on agenda You have done some subjects that were not boring that were not you know chiropractors or Bad kind of thing. I mean you've done some shows that were pretty Pretty in entertaining not leaving no And what's the point? I forgot now. I got a word in and you didn't interrupt me. I forgot what all you want What is the panic? I don't understand there is no panic, sir no panic at all looks no fun if you can't Look Neil you've got to relate to see what you do well Then you savor and when you do poorly your panic does it only to waste a react if you just like Blasay It's no fun but there's no panic. Let's relate this to baseball Yeah, exactly. That's what they told us. They're not panic exactly. Well, let me see by the way Don't come back next week, Jim Let's get out of the plastic yeah Okay, you relate to baseball. Okay, you run injured reserve It came off injured reserve And it's simple you're just in a slump. That's the slump. No, I'm not in any slump. I'm doing just fine But the audience doesn't want this anymore. Okay. They want something else. They want somebody else. They want If they want Debbie Ellis? I think Paul Lyle probably oh my god He's in Buffalo so they're not gonna get him. I rather have just they want something else. See I don't I'm a consider a apologize for the show because I do the best show in a market and there's nobody even close And I don't want to be the one to say if it's certainly nobody else well especially Bill Tanner who just loves to rub it in I mean I did this for a Tanner was great on while 100 but on power 96 it's just the stupid preview bus in the pinnets show The oldest but I'm not knocking it because there's room for a stupid pinhead preview bus in show in this market Especially for ethnic preview bus in pinnets That's what they do on power 96. They paned or shamelessly any admits it No need to worry the ratings will be back up soon. No need to worry What does that support me the ratings will be a backup soon? Very soon. Look at this here's midday's and WIOD This goes back to spring of 89 or 63 last summer of seven Fall a six winter of five one spring out today of four oh four oh they could have Allad Burke here and do a third of that This is if they were Neil don't let Charlie dark back in the studio He is I'm sure he doesn't understand that I'm serious. He's a creep Why me he comes in here and starts muscle at all he comes into the building and he's like Mr He just takes over the whole place Oh man. He's coming and grabbing everybody's goddamn food and sticking his finger up your nose and just to everything What do you got it he wants it and I guarantee it right now He's my big dog got something that he's gonna get tomorrow two by the way and little sack from Wayne Arnold I guarantee you not for oil I guarantee you found the phone with the bird right now You're in tears and they're just in there. Ah, I buy he's gonna go out of a two in this But man, he'll be out of this and I'll be working in the in candidate in New York like two yet Does I guarantee you look at a couple of old fish wise? That's it that's it haven't raped I don't make you a lot better. I think you're gonna be everything's fine Everything's just fine. Every thing. Remember the last guy I said that See you later What what good? I don't know I mean who is it like I know these colors personally? That's bad when you start knowing every color personally It means you don't have many colors. No, no, but you seem to know him. I just thought maybe he sounded like a broadcaster I'm gonna use force. Jack McDermott It's nine till noon and the day you want to repeat that no Well, why do you want to see all the good stuff off the air? It's not good stuff It was like you if you only said the good stuff well I'm not a kind of a whim. I'm not a radio maven. I you know I don't know what he said was he said that there's something How was how did you phrase it? Okay, I said and I was going down a list of different groups of people on the air over a period of time in this market and I said they all Had something they kind of held them together. There was a certain Warms the certain fun a certain something but a certain identity too. Yeah, kind of a all-eye identity and I think that's one thing that the station needs here is it has an identity, but it's Now everybody's like going off in so many different directions all attempting to do the same thing That's all new junior Well, I'm not sure exactly whether that would be the way I'd put it, but That's the way you said it off the air. Anyway, 156 in Wild let's go to it because of actually Hold on hold on he's not finished doing all the work if you take if you take everybody in the air here Neil yeah and put them in an incinerine on of them Are doing anything remotely close to what you're doing yeah So can't really not do raw failing Yeah, I'm trying to be serious. Yes, sir. It's not me. I'm just a flighty happy guy correct. Yes I am yeah I'm April May and June sir 1990 You're all working for HRF what can't give you my name? You're what? When I was working for HRF about six weeks or so ago at two separate races is one highly in one little Haiti I saw a part of the time Diary Instruction Not being used all my wanted what area do they how many thousands of these send out in this market? 2000 1000 people So what I'm going to do is figure that this four million people in they borrowed in Palm Beach Yeah But I'm just figuring like how fast two people in the right one envelope or how many households okay But I'm just ignoring the representatives you know a couple of people yeah and Especially if it goes strictly for Hispanic or a Yeah, but we can't keep by using that routine. I mean, you know, we've always we've always had the same factor There've always been the same number of Spanish language stations It always that same kind of fanatic a loyalty That's always been a given so when we did very well we were up against the same mentality so what you know You can't keep fighting excuses Perfect is we suck okay Follow on I mean I realize we had that great promotional campaign back into winter time with those male outs with any reason to picture with his finger up his nose that really did it Of course these billboards. I think are what put us over the top I don't think we could have achieved this level of numbers without the current billboard campaign and personally who's up to me I would break Sandy Tinsley in here on the air and just blow off a bomb in the building and that would solve a lot of our problems Looking at a little in a little room And I see I see our billboards And I think the one of an area is terrible the one of what we're near you Mike well they're all the same There's I mean there's no one that's better or worse than me just a matter of degree Just a question who's got the biggest ugly teeth No no the bridge the gun since December That's well and he was only here a month of this okay. He can't blame it all on him I like to go we can There were here for two thirds of it so it's mostly their book don't you understand that And he also filled in for two weeks while I was out sick to in a couple of weeks So then there's a good part of both time periods that are their book. I don't want to lay it on their shoulders because Rick Ryle are coming here in cry But we all have to share in it together so we're all responsible for this Desperate dismal failure for the sliding numbers for the demise of the current management team For all of the really depressing morbid tones that are coming through your radio right now and you know what? Okay, we got Chuck Meyer here with an WIO and he knew Chuck's in a good moody's going to Chicago with us and we're still here Attention came on shoppers. We have a lost little girl She's 19 years old All burn hair green eyes 36 24 34 and answers to the name event She said she lost her daddy and needs a new one will all perspective daddy's Please form a double line outside the manages office and please have a recent bank statement Or stock portfolio with you. Thank you. Show Okay, Mr. Carter is Occupied as well. He'll be back in just a step Probably seven to WIO D and a wonderful Wednesday. Hey listen, we're not going to be bothered by these a lot The people are going to pay to be in management worry about all these things and figure out all the answers because they've had to If they've had so many answers already since I've been here that got only knows they can only make it worse Anyway, here he comes straight from his parents at the guest room at the Ramada Hilton on the corner of 79th in this game What is it? Somebody knocked over what your cup? Oh nice some slob was in here just the mong doll over the place. Oh boy Kendall Hello, yes, sir Yes, I want to talk to Bill Bill Alder Are you sure now? Bill Okay, well, what you said he were kind of like tentative on his name Mr. Carter if you'd sit down in that chair and not worry about the if it's what that's the way it goes Okay, go through the territory This gentleman would like to speak with you. Can we get you to do that? Well, he's doddling he does what he's doing what he does best sir He's doddling and stalling around the shareholder will take care of that. She's very good at that He's still standing I don't even want to say it Hello Hello I know I knew that if we waited a lot of it was he said he can't wait to hear you speak Margate hello yeah, let's just take the bill calendar. Yes, sir Bill called or um you guess that you have today When you when you leave the studio want you to stop for if you're resume an application sure they'll evaluate it That's of the ratings this morning. Yeah He'll I'm a first time caller great Are you paying any attention to this or are you still worrying about that coffee on the table or call her just a little bit You can't worry about that like when your horse falls down in the middle of the back stretch You can't worry about things like that. You have to just keep moving on I want to thank Cheryl for Forget about Cheryl okay Cheryl isn't the word of her own right now She's in for a bit We call for you. No, it's for you. Oh, good morning. He's already finished saying what he had to say. What did you have to say? Go ahead sir Long time listen of yours. Thank you. What station were you on when you you went dig Wilson with the gather? You're listening to it right over UIOD. Oh, okay, and Sandy Peyton was on that other time No, she was on A1A then oh Okay, but then when I came back when I came back the second time Sandy was on oh Okay, I think that's greatest times that ever tried to live into a I'm a service truck driver And I used to pull over the side of the road lacking so hard with you wouldn't be wolfing. No, well I'm a funny guy. Well, I don't know or not anymore though and I'll tell you something interesting You bring up a point sir A lot of people say Monk my doctor has said go back to work go back to work go back to work and You know something I'm not sure what I want to go back to work because With just a couple of exceptions It doesn't seem to be as much fun anymore everybody seems to be like I Can't even think of a word for it, but No, I just over the last couple of years it's gotten I don't know kind of two professional two commercial eyes two National now not to professional. It's just I don't know it's just not as much fun I don't hear as much fun on the year. I punch around and now I'm not working. You know I have time to listen You know I have tried of recon such that's it. Yeah, that's the only thing to listen to now. No, I listen to them I listen to starting on them now. No, I do listen to them. Yeah, and Great I agree with you they're gonna do it and here kicking ass and So I want to tell you I mean, it's time so hard that there's no For head Me and Neil yeah, that would really me as his sidekick would be like Maybe one day every six months would be good Not too much have a great day sir. Thank you. We've had some great moments So we win we have wins was the best. Yeah, I was doing we had night bill was doing midnight to five in a morning We had the cross over that see we were having fun having fun and I At periods of had a lot of fun here too and lately I've been having fun here again But the only problem is then this stuff comes out and you look at it You say I don't believe it because like everywhere we go everything we do we have these enormous turnouts I'm not talking about just pimple-headed geeks, but I mean like You know little bit of a shoe store it's 79th and biscuits exactly when I was fabulous No, but really we have like at the ball game and at all these remotes and everything we do in the sponsors just get tremendous results And so if we if we were like losing the audience like flies like this stuff would indicate to you There would have to be some verometer that something that go along with it and it's not there It does just you don't feel it you follow what I'm saying yeah, so but you can't keep saying But if you're gonna talk about ratings on here, which I've always done you can't find excuses forever You can do it for a couple of trends or something like that, but you can't do it for six or seven months You have to say well I guess that's that's ancient history now. Let's go on to the next thing, you know What is the next thing Well, I wish I knew I wish I knew I wish I didn't think it's called retirement anyway 12 13 let's take all in and then you said that well I think you're ready Papa no I'm close. I really am I'm close. I'm getting old and I am I'm ready to retire Just need the money. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Great Hey, you know this place of the real quick care if you promoted drinking and partying and spoken dough But eating crappy unhealthy food all that kind of stuff like the Recessive society your numbers will probably go up. You know that's a fact that you're healthy now and you're on the right track People don't want to hear that they don't care about that Well, who the hell talks about that? I don't know cedar and talk about my health all day. What is that guy? Dude with my show In other words, they liked me better when I was a big fan slob and I used to sit here shoveling food down my throat Unfortunately, I think that's the way oh All right, I agree with you sir, sir, I agree I think left in here. No nothing. Okay, now I agree with you sir That may not be the whole point Look I want to tell you the world's most the pressing man Marvin Robar this man in there is so deep pressing and he's agree. He's not he said It's just like when the first person called My a couple months ago said while the bird you know the bird added about as much to this You're side tracking your side I'm not a better shot. We're not talking about the bird. You know what's like who's the the he's just very Getting the suck along with this. No, I can take a very funny guy everybody attack I don't care I got a lot of things to it. Who's the best work with Steve Kane? Who's the guy that played in Beto? Deloitte Tom Deloitte's The more weighty lost the less entertaining he became the healthier he became no question about it The live longer et cetera et cetera, but Don't you agree the more weighty look at him. He's going right. Oh my god. No, I'm serious I think it's true too because it's like the way it is now society if you don't party You don't drink you don't hang out with people that are unhealthy that want to associate with you anymore Exactly, and it's the small part of it, but I think How's this? See now that's how you know I got a real fan or nearly burn right now The bacon oh I got the bacon is now you now you're really gonna get the order I stopped doing this because I would hurt it was bad radio No, no, you did away is he'd be happy to Louisville the other what I told I want to repeat this because I said several months ago not just like yesterday, but several months ago I said given enough time boy Gary and his evil twin could turn this into a parking lot, okay? And I wasn't joking when I said everybody thinks what I attack management is a joke, but I was serious And I got news for him. I saw six cranes out in the back Yankees the towers off and working on new yellow lines for more parking spaces for the people at Channel 7 So, you know, don't think it's all a big joke, but this is this is really good though The bottom line is your health your health is more important than any rating no wrong Right, it's a wrong That's all account. It's that's right your financial health and you can only have that with big rate Listen, you said to me I can handle another stroke. I'm healthy enough now. Yeah, I get back to work guys Take it easy. Okay, boy sure ran off good color excellent call and Marvin agrees He wants us to pick up why reason he agrees he wants to eat his he wants to fill his fat face here every day No, that's not what Marvin's saying Marvin is saying what Marvin knows about radio you could put in his earlobe And room for the so you guys out there in the control room there the unsung heroes and his business Yeah, there no one's that put all these pinheads on here That's right Marvin takes a big part of the blame for those couple of months for all we have a Dying all the heck that's it look at that and spitting all over the goddamn microphone Excuse me, Sandy would never reacted like this and look what she's got about a point two Tampa All right That's the Liberty collar ladies and gentlemen Hold on Keep him on for last every none and he's having a great day Where's his job eight that job at ABC liquor's how's that holden up for 475 an hour? See the great thing about this we can talk about this all day. I still get paid a big check every Thursday Although they did mention to me. I think Disney said before the tomorrow they ran out of checks I think that's a hint Anyway 12 17 Boy, these are great one more call one more call. I got to do a break. Oh, okay. No, look take another break. Is that okay with you? Okay, hold on Miami Just need what is this a just a build hello Yes indeed, this is Orlando Orlando Orlando you're right now. Oh, you'll handle No, this is Orlando build Orlando I just want to say I want to thank everybody I want to thank everybody for like a St. By me and my family and like a helping I also want to thank my good friend Nelson Mandela Like a week You know we can tell everybody by like a we can make a maybe a non-profit organization And like a call or something like it Sarah was ink You know, no, roughly Don't profit Orlando. Are you listening to the show? It's an excellent show, but I remember you money money money long time ago just right I hit that Polish freighter Boy, yeah, I remember you Are you good? You good guy. You good guy. How you should get you fired up, right? You saw it, but you and fight whistle Fat Wilson yeah, I remember him. Who would you have? Yeah, real good fellow played the piano You would remember only buried him in a piano ball case, so And then a big one, yeah, because he was money fight Money fight. He know like new who go on neutral system diet and and feel better and sing like that Five was a five person I look what it did for him, right? They got him many many many many people right All right, listen Orlando next time. I'll tell you New that near you have an excellent program I believe you're going to come back need you're going to rebound you make it just like me Hello, say hello to your daughter for me. Don't beat just a second There's nothing I guess unemployed people look at me and you we know I'm nothing against each other We don't have job, but we have to okay? Okay, Orlando nice here in Serbia. Thank you, bird. Thanks a lot. It was your land a pair of par 12 19 and WIO day we have an opening in date County where you're landed just hung up Now see now we got this mobile on here and I should take the break but then if I don't you'll hang up right Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, there's an elcher to the break. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, I just want to know I just got him a car. I want to know what the ratings were we don't have them anymore Sir, we've burned them we've burned them at noon in the Heinrich Camler and Cinerator When they ask you this, then can you tell us who improves so well that you fell down Now it's got nothing to do with who the other that's the bizarre part of this holding the other stations are still well wins when up a little bit if you believe that But that's not our audience and That's it All right, you stay here that went up had nothing to do with us Like WEDR Oh, that's good. Stay Yeah, right and why 100 and though those they have nothing to do with us. It's not our audience So I have no our people are just dying. I guess they're dying young these days You're dying over here Thanks, obvious 20 after 12 is I'm having a white hot now, which is delicious What a little hot sauce? There's like gold times. Listen to that you knew all the dials tuning back in can you hear it? Yeah, the boards full of man that did it just then when I finished this I will have a little stroke but cut it'll be well worth it These are delicious. Here's a mobile in the four-laterdale. Yep with bill called around 610 WIO did a great entertainer tuners Neil yeah first time call like extremely long time listening and I've tell you something sir. Yeah, we're dying over here Well, I have to this call you won't be dying because I just had a six pack and whatever you said about Arnold is true All right now question is what do I do with no-chore systems if today I had a six pack with a First beer Will blow your brains in hey you'll start over tomorrow no panic you need to moth another day All right keep walking away and the dive of the Okay, thank you. Thanks for the calls sir. Yeah, thanks for acknowledging our good pal Bill Carter who's gotten screwed over here twice at WIO D and got the brush off from goi Gary Did you want to tell that on here? No He's covering his ass now because he sees that all these numbers are real bad. He's still got a glimmer of hope somewhere No Might you say you were gonna attack boy Gary on the air. Who didn't you have the courtesy of returning your call or your tape? Just give you the brush off No, I don't feel badly about it because my tapes are see a boy Gary thinks you were talent I want to tell you right now you're in big trouble. Let's go to isn't our rights here Fort Lauderdale Hello Long gone Marvin long gone. Here's a mobile in North Miami Hello Hi Wonderful. I got right through that's great. Thank God. Well, don't say it got right through it sounds like we're dying I mean we only have one open line now. Do I so difficult to me to call you? It really is and I have an important question to ask. Okay, you have an important question to ask Must be related to Alex Bennett I wanted to know if you think was a good idea for my husband. I'd go to Amsterdam and October The vacation No, but it'll be cold yeah We're an napkin by the way You sure anything else I can get yourself or just an napkin would be fine soon make it snappy Would you like a check That's could open it up and write your autograph on it just an app in Yeah, it's just a new now. Now what is it you're going to Amsterdam? Wait a minute. I'm going to tell him what you just said again I I save all my money for Eric at the track. Okay Now what is it you're going to Amsterdam? I buy is there like all these pauses? See that's the problem the audience is like so has it a door hold back? What is it? But I'm going to be a little bit If we could get an Amsterdam now Yes, I said yes by all means take a there's long some warm clothing it'll be a great time Yeah Stay at the Barbisan Palace Hotel right across from the central station right in the middle of all the action And some antibiotics And now not an Amsterdam. They need these she's married Yeah, why don't you if you're single take a long a lot of heavy antibiotics okay? Believe me. Okay Great call great call Oh, I'm well I can't all be what Bobby would be with the With the spoon up or nose, but what the help 1226 and WILD let's go to Miami Hey Yes Yeah Little problem is getting the cord on time from his neck tie yes, sir Speak to us Yeah, I'm here, but I don't know what you're doing. Are you speaking to us? Are you like playing a little diddy in the back? What's the deal Sir I'm going back Well good, but Bill can't speak to you unless you get rid of all those stupid customers and get with him you're loaded You're doing more business Yeah, well, you know I'm an insurance Why I tell those people to screw off okay? Is it calling from from some insurance blocky place go ahead speak to me I just to know you my father's Jack Walsh You know Who are you who you are? He said you we said the you know he said Neil no no Bill bill bill and what you what your father's name? Jack Walsh yeah, you know Valerie's old boat never heard of any of those people Valerie's old boat jack You wait a minute Is Jack this does the mailman and This is his son oh My god This is almost as exciting as our call from Cynthia Gonzalez This is good as the last call about Neil should we go to Amsterdam and should we take any of the drugs with us? Or did they have plenty over there? Let me taste something is nothing I can do for Stan I think you guys have a great team Yeah, the bill and fan so or he doesn't want to continue this conversation you just gave me the high size So cut this guy off immediately All right come me off No wait a minute did the reason I say that is because I felt there was a low item at wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute Sir hold on a second. Okay, you know, it's real interesting how some people can inspire But I saw Nick come in here a second ago and said another microphone up at the opposite side of the table and clear some of the white hots And they'd reoff to the side now I see somebody sliding her ass into the studio Let her who is now going to come and sit down at a show and warm her way in again Okay, which I find to be one of those outrageous and grotesque acts of Volcherism in the history of broadcasting okay, I told her that I told him to believe in he's been saying all morning long Back off a little bit Randy don't be so pushy don't be a jab and she just can't control herself I did I told her that the other day all of those wonderful summer evenings with Jeff Chase have left There were delible mark on her brain and she just came on that was eight years ago Well, it goes to show you what a big memory You want the wiggle her way in between you two hunk. Yeah, she wants to warm her way into this program and there is no chance I work alone And I love only she wants to sit in this chair Okay, sir, nice talking. Okay. What was the purpose of his goal? Kill a couple of minutes Call 33 and Wiod why you and Randy have a little lower union over there. Let's tell you about new trusses to begin the Okay, well, let's see what we'll get all of our system today because this is the last day for fun and game If we're going back to heavy discussions tomorrow We're gonna talk about Orlando, Bosh and One-Bosh and Hullion, Harvey, Irdam, are it's gonna be heavy-duty? I'm not kidding no more screwing around because it's it's over It's like more downy You know you have to recognize when something is over when it's run its course and go onto the next thing Okay I don't want to get into it. Okay, I'm just a guess. Well, you said to me you were gonna read it all hang out Well, you've never given me a chance to do anything but eat a What he called white hunt and That's it What do you say pal Okay, hold on let's go to Hollywood. Hello they're starting come back to him Hollywood is good. There's nobody ever on online six Miami Great, I just Just two din as a work and I missed a number. I will be you don't want to know I don't want to know They went down again disaster oh disaster total utter disaster just like the world is crumbled at our toes It's all over pal For me yeah, no Yeah, so what's wrong with that? Oh my god. What's wrong Neil? What's wrong with one the numbers they suck I know Hey, I've also got a dog he's got a two six. I don't hear her going on here and crying her big fat ass off She's got a two six There's a lot of them and graphics that are post death. I don't hear her whining about it She's got a large ass. It's good enough for her a four is good enough for me. Okay, I tried this And he afternoon was down to with two six. I just mentioned that again so Rick will have four hours to talk about it My other one and oh my god, I also got a dawn spy report. Okay. She was on Rick and said I heard it I heard it and then I heard them say that they were whining about effect that she was one of their colors And I heard her called this show one time and right away there were having a fit Rick Riley was because he thought she abandoned them Oh my god, along that 17 year old Twinkie that called it a nice kind of a valley girl Really Have you ever get a picture of her? She's it's coming. I mean the picture. Yeah, you can tell her video what you look like new bed I'll give you an honest opinion. Okay, okay have a great day 20 till one a W. I would be boys moving along pretty quick. Well, I'm having a great time Seems like we've only been here what for about 14 15 hours and that we appreciate Larry King calling in to congratulate us on the numbers That bill Tanner man. I'm about to do he's a piece of work piece of something Wait a minute. What do you mean mobile? Hello? Hello Neil. Yes, I say sometimes I feel the off-top version We already did that. Oh you did the perversion Now we did we did sir blowing out your butt. Let's go to Well, hey listen, I'm not we're not doing that anymore. Okay. That's what got us to the point where right now and it's ancient history See what we could say like penis on a year like I said the other day then it was okay. It was exciting It was shocking had big numbers all these idiots were listening but now that we can't say that anymore The bloom is off the rows Pete right don't ask me okay. Fine. I can't believe how he claimed up in the car Come on. Oh, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He would like denim burden and heat man like a hummingbird and now that we've got here The man is totally clamped up a he had Randy were whispering into the air. But how good. They would be between ten and two on W1 Not this time on SAS bring Gilbert in as their sidekick. I listen. I'm wise you're you're a savage Oh Here's bird number three now Is that it? Very weak right sir. Yes, he there is the real thing. We don't we don't accept sloppy seconds on his show my amy Yes, yeah, I got a fire for for you. Okay. I was just driving home and I was into the clothes and Johnny dark is promoting Arnold's white castle. Yeah, I bet he is and he just said he can eat a couple of beds in other I got his who Johnny dark wouldn't dare whisper one word that isn't in the format on there You can bet you you could bet your life on it, okay? You even said try the nearly burger Mm-hmm even you've seen it said that maybe that desperate okay? What I said that's how desperate he is to suck around here for more food Oh, yeah, I guess what is two psychics for any SPN you got to put it on okay? All right, bye. Good luck to you Yeah, fat chance 1241 a WLWL listen now. What do you make of these calls? Okay? This is what I talked to everybody. I'll be honest with you today Overall the calls and the scale of one to ten about a three oh Okay, let's go to a lesson Steve called here's a lady in Hollywood hello Hi, hi, can I talk to Neil? Yeah, just second okay, Neil Hello, hi, hi, you're done. Okay. How you okay, do you? bag oh, I'm gonna do this bag What do you want What is it? Man Man Hello Hello, yeah, what is it? I'm gonna say hi Me and I listen to your show all the time you have a husband yeah, God all mighty what were she address we said I'm a sympathy card Yeah, he would appreciate that Mm-hmm, I can't believe it. Yeah, I mean it's I Yeah, but if you know what it is, I mean I'm the looking for a job all over the place I can't imagine why you can't find one man. It's really tough Yeah, I know man. What do you do for what do you do for living? Well, I've had secretary of skills, you know the basic so list off The basic one you know secretary of skills filing stuff like that. Oh filing yeah, well like your nails you mean Yeah, man Well listen it was my talking to you, man. Good luck, man. All right Back at you a butt load. Yeah, and you wonder why we got the four in the miracle we got anybody at this point wait till they see the next book 1243 in Wild your psychotic station, but the sisters are not too happy today. Let's go to a four-launterdale. Hello You wish just a beginning Okay, hold on. Let's go to a coral gable. So I And the I'll don't worry about your ratings. You're doing great and What's the call or what kind of a comment is that? No worry about the ratings in the end. We got like a point zero two and don't worry about it You're doing great Those suck along comments did the people in the audience say while more in the verge of going bankrupt No, you're not you're not gonna go bankrupt look you're driving around in the new vats Yeah, you're on pretty good. Well, you think it's paid for? Well, hey, look a lot of things aren't See that's what happens to everybody in this business sooner or later they start spending money freely and live in the In last for about five minutes and then all of a sudden they pull the plug in your like you go to four to bankruptcy center It's all over with yeah, but look Neil. There's only three American stations on that A.m now so you guys are doing pretty good, okay? But anyway, what's he doing? Well, that is a point. I never thought about that That's the point. What's the point? Yes, you think about it. You know an FM is gonna be swallowed up pretty soon too So, you know we haven't got much more to go. What's still causing it on these days? What's he up to? What do you up to Bill What is it? Well, station wise a lot time I heard you run WKAT and I Way back now. Yeah, this is a guy who's giving me a critique on the business and you want KAT. Who is this Howard Primer? No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't know what Bill's doing. No You know now, huh? He's waxing cars for Jack McDermott. Okay, okay. Hey, listen that little comment about Alex Bennett yesterday and Public that was a great one. I was on the road and I didn't have a sure was too bad We don't have anybody listening to hear it because we come up with some good stuff on a show You're doing it don't worry if you're in the mood. I read of the bird you're gonna be alright. Okay, okay, okay Good life, but the Well, hey listen, I can hear the dials clicking the back end between the food and burping once in the bird on here Man, they're all coming back look at those brown lines not a not a tickle on Broward 524 Wild I can't believe we haven't heard from champagne loom a good buddy. They're probably trying to get him out of his 300 twin turbo With the shoe horns or don't look at me. I'm just trying to make it until two oh You want to go out now or the quarter right now happy birthday Dion See if things get rough always have something in that machine What's that Yeah, we get a lot of calls on the show to you. He's impressed you seen all his lines flash Why don't you hear him you'll be less impressed a mobile on the star line? Yeah, I do okay. I got a job That lady. I'll bet. Hey, listen. Yeah, man. What's going on the rating? What what is that? What kind of a question is that? What's going on with the ratings? They're thinking like a rock How come What what is your answer? Oh, can't stood up ask you I'm out of answer. What is your answer? This is what he? Yeah, this is what he? Well, that's part of the reason Let's go to Miami. Hello Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay I go to a scroll down town. I'm going to summer square right now and I want to hear about this rating crap because let me tell you something I'm 15 years old wow and That's that's one big thing you need to the younger audience listening, but I'm right before Well, what does that mean less one big thing? First you got the younger audience listening, then you have about 80% of Miami But then again if you talk and smash it up. There are no young people in Miami. Don't you understand if we had a 90s here of young people We'd have a one because almost to the people here are post-death don't you understand that? You don't know what a smug that look like a middle of the metro station Wasting hysterically from your state you're wrong. I do know what a smug you look like you're absolutely wrong How do you know that well? We have one of these phones that will your picture comes up on a screen Yeah, and I would zip it up if I were you okay? All right. Have a great day pal Good call finally 1247 a W I do what are you shaking your head about? I heard those calls on QAM with the travel and Madden is cousin for half an hour and then call back three times and Gilbert and don't on Mike. I mean I realize we can't live up to that standard What happened to this what happened to the good days when we used to have those great Yes, to use to come in on the show like in I and Z huh I don't know I don't have any answers. There's a great kind of weirds. I'm Limb Well, we know that let's go to Adele Ray. Hello Yeah, okay see see that's what we got one we got a good call of the real thing on eight and now that's like the third one It's got to you people are pathetic. It's not WIO D's fault. It's the audience you're about as an original as their fruit fly Okay, they have no original material they're like Joey Reynolds. Okay everything they got is washed over used in the has been I've never met Joey. Oh, thank God no one here in a good mood. Here's a mobile on the starline. Hey what's up me? How are you doing sir? You're reading with down show sucks. I'll not show that you're great. You know it's these behead guests that you have on the show Mike bill Yeah, like bill you had that you fuck Harvey junior last week That's that that alone's gonna bring the ratings down right on the truth. Yeah. You got to just How about wait a minute. Let me ask you this do you think some good calls might help him? Oh the call usually pretty good. I'm listening every day for me and you know the call. I'm kidding What I said including this one yeah, well, no, this one I'm not saying my calls are usually yeah, you know We a little below average here. Maybe a week, but you know usually the calls are pretty good, but I think if you would just hang in there on your own You'll be fine In other words, don't have bill called or on exactly. Oh get lost you jackass all right finally it took almost three hours to get him to show his true colors He'd love to be on this show you bet make up you're not gonna be sitting here in the chair show I'm gonna run on your throat and acting like you knew I love it We got them all we got um I wonder if that's yeah, that's how loop a lot of more like an alloop So things just so we just put them on and walk away Don't like Can feel it coming back now we're getting back now folks don't don't lose faith 1250 a W I would be right when is into your show It just makes me smile Okay, I wanted to hear that so I figured we'd pass if I'm because that's our crowd there a bunch of simple things What do you expect is it possible at most of our audiences already even put away? That's possible Think about unlikely. Let's call our caddy and find out 53 and good old W I O D who's that on the bat line was that like another personal call? I hang up on a bat line Oh Wow Probably clockers in here again. Here's a mobile on i95 Yeah, yeah, great Just quick suggestion what Randy was over a QAM shoot the reads from thing called a quail report and there you got some good You know pretty good political humor there. You may wonder try reading from that Ask Brandon she has a subscription Get out into that huh oh come on you know, the other words I'm gonna start getting material from Randy now. Are you putting my legs? Sure. It was pretty funny. Yeah You know we can all you know the kind of big cup fam, but this year is we all want to talk about the cups too much What are you talking about we're hot as a pistol we want three in a roll man? I know. Look at ass Chicken, well we need some pictures back. Well don't worry about that take it one day at a time The jury Damon had a good game in his first game in a minute The miners and as soon as he comes back we're gonna trade him so fast he won't know what hidden between the eyes You know Carl's brains just put on a gen the rate and outstanding good Just in time to see the rest of the cup games with no pressure Okay, all right, we'll see if we can steal out a turtle from Randy, okay? Okay. Okay. Thank. That'll be the day 1254 she has she's become a buracuda. I think you did this to her because from what I understand she was a very Unassuming low key type of person that's what Jeff she was fun to work with and a lot of fun over there But all of a sudden she's become like a long hungry hungry starving She just kind of hovers over and then she likes stands behind this chair like she's real cozy with this chair not those chairs over there No this chair she wants to be in the driver's scene sunrise Hey, Neil hey, Bill hey, hey guys doing okay, okay, man. Yeah, yeah What hospital why hospital? I Retina tell you okay, what do you know what is it? What's the year I would tell you what kind of hospital is it that should be reluctant to give the name on the air Well, I just don't want to have any problems Okay, well, let's go on okay, because we're already depressed enough and so far I have the microphone to my forehead. I'm ready to pull the trigger Yeah, yeah, hey, been Neil great. Yeah, how much weight do you do? What? How much weight do you lose? 400 pounds Yeah We kicked the champagne lou off the show So what's the purpose of the call or must be something more than this because we're kind of like me Andering we're not going anywhere with this Okay, have a good luck to you Okay, Neil five though oh, bye. Oh God 1256. I think I need to go in maybe I can get in the joining room with him Is that a mud that's that's a that's pots right in there is opening up the bag in a minute I have never met him and he's been karate with that hostile hysterical look at his face like oh Jesus call they're gonna do afternoons now. We've only been here like no Oh, I couldn't too many stairs Yeah, it's true this This place was not far too far. But it is they were building an elevator and as soon as Rick Riley found out they were building an elevator You can't in the they stopped the construction sit out. I'm gonna bring What is it oh, yeah, the ones that have the call letters across look at this look That's cute yeah, a little black patch they're supposed to wear the patch around your arm like it up armband Why what do you all depressed about you only been here a couple of months I'm doing this is Mike is an on Marvin his microphone is it is I don't hear him do you hear him back in here at all Well, speak up. Hello. Oh, oh, now here. Okay. I don't think you're Mike was on You're just covering for Marvin. I know it well. He's got a pot of weight oxy thinks I'm gonna get hysterical Well, he knows you know you're a temperal maniac on the right now. Yeah Two six out of pay attention to a friend war called a four two for this station We are not hey. It's not a It's not a what I agree. I'm not saying listen. I'm not a policy for anything that I do Because I'm great Ask me okay, you tell me every day goddamn right I mean what they're losses there in this time you look at all these stations with these numbers and it's so how well I would explain me music they're playing and all this other crap doing an impression of me you're getting hysterical I'm not I'm just telling you what what what is the alternative? Okay, so you know this is bogus What instead of going flying up to Beltsville, Maryland like the late de Cass ruled have done and said let's see those Diaries and what's it? I'm not a Macthonth rule that Disney and boy Gary in the brain trust and those putses up It'll be sitting around in a big conference room Nation and pairing on with pictures of all of us throwing darts in your oh yeah He's been painting the ass and this one. He's just allowed Bob and this one is doing too much of that eating on it I'm sorry the rest of it will be here the way they operate here Built in a lot of rest being against on the show. I'd try this. This is you don't get to say numbers have gone down. You don't see full cost in coming in here much anymore do you like he used to sucking around He knows he knows when somebody's on the way out Things are gonna get better. What does that mean? Well, you think they're gonna leave us alone long enough for things to get better. They're like the team I think we need is a lot more changes. Yeah, I think what we need is a panic attack at WIO Now you've got a sofa leather sofa and a well I sold it just before I came in to that chair I gave it back 2200 no 14 what is this the trading post shoot You know Just a minute. You know what against on our show. I'd love to talk well Talk about the sofa on your show can try to stay at least over three When you were talking the other day about the trading post and how it doesn't work on this day Yeah, I almost called you because many times stand and I once I have stand I would be when I'm really desperate We have Commissar ended about the fact this is the this audience doesn't respond like any other audience in this in this market I'm not talking about other markets. This is a strange audience the IOD on it. Yeah, I like the trading post Anyway, we've got the Chuck Myers standing by with a lot of clock WIO D news We've got a good sofa for you by the way. It's not got incredible for like a chair. I got a chair for you Yeah, we got a chair for random too. Okay, we'd love to surprise it when she sits down Anyway, Chuck's got our want to clock news our mammoth one to two hour comes back and when we come back after the news The ratings are gonna be up as a matter of fact. I think we made a mistake. I think we write them back I think that 4.0 was like a zero point something I Commodore draw and this is the one to two all There isn't a day that goes by what he speaks with me on a phone every day that he doesn't rip you guys for at least a half an hour Anyways, what oh six and WIO do it like you personally just things your show sucks We have an open line in Brower to five two four bill and the star call airline is also Now why don't you admit it okay? This is I would agree to turn over a new leaf this year a new leave And let's be honest you think that they're doing my act and they should do their own thing whatever now I said this on the air. I do not think they're doing your act. What do you think they're doing? No Come on jump ahead. Okay back at you They're not doing your act and I you keep saying that all these people are doing your act what you said Not on the air this we see what you say on here and off the you are two different things of course Oh, yeah, that's something to think about maybe that's my problem Okay, we got two old news talking Brower and five two four WIO D what loves you guys I do I do and that's why I'm so disappointed in have it. I've been arguing with you about that for three months now I said these guys are gonna kick ass then the book comes out and it goes in the top of our appointment And he's still blaming Alex Bennett yeah, well and when October comes in well all three of us out at the Camilla sauce standing online As in as a Disinterest to the outside of zero. Yes outside person I Don't agree with him That it's all Alex Bennett you can't go through life blaming Alex Bennett for every Sounds like a good idea though. It's for bees to Orlando, but she can't do it Yeah Orlando Bosch blamed Alex he did I heard this speech everybody blame Sally sitting as a common Have they if I had the ability to I think you out here right now take your goddamn teeth in Secondly Yeah, the only common I would make and I Probably will offend some people by saying please So okay, yeah, okay, you advertise yourself as a news talk station and then everybody spends all this time talking about so-and-so Well Then I talk show host or this person's not a talk show so this person's not a talk show And I think that's in Congress in other words if you're not if you're not going to Have people who are talk show host yeah And don't call yourself a talk show. Just call ourselves the entertainment station Well, you know when we were the great. Oh with that when we were the great entertainers We hung it on that and everybody had a good time And that was that was over to Larry King on a stage. He wasn't a great entertainer He wasn't even a mediocre writer tanner. He's just a free loading cheap skate That's another store. Oh Okay, no, you know what I'm saying it it doesn't it's like And you had one or two others on that station who weren't great entertainers, too But I don't want to drag you into that designer, but the point I understand you had a thing there was a an umbrella right And and everybody was under that umbrella We were the first people in town to do crossovers We did crossovers like crazy everybody thought everybody loved each other. I didn't I never got along with Reneri I never thought big Wilson was the greatest talent that ever came down the pike I never thought Larry King was Mr. Wonderful another. It's you are the great entertainer. I was the great entertainer Exactly now we finally took me almost three and a half hours to get that out of them But now it's one thing got the truth out that's what I always said did you ever I want to ask for a question Did you ever stop everything about what might have happened at a radio station for getting this one Yes If you hadn't left Yeah, like Zeta yeah, I think about that I Think about it with Q a m like would they have gone old use if I still been there? I don't think so But there was one person can make a difference can you see Zeta? I do mornings Rick and Puts do midday you do after noon and stand as night on Zeta unbeatable talking entertainment and fun little bit of music We just under the war. We have a great station. Yeah, and I don't want you know I don't want to start getting a cross-sing over. Yeah, cross-sing over. Yeah, that's a problem with this station And we do a little bit now, but with Alex you can cross over because it would be a fist fight So that was impossible And I noticed Hank see Hank is the one sports guy. I mean I love sunny. Sonny's a great guy But when he's doing like sports talk it's like cut off from the end of the station Certainly when Joe is doing it's cut off from the rest of the world But but Hank like I noticed the other night He was joking about the management keep saying we don't want to hear these nihilism is on the area He's making a joke out of it a stick and there's like cross over the U about the year that got with a Corvette the other night And he said or would he said it he's nine level audience lemon's car The audience likes it and also makes the station like a family exactly like a family like it's all related Instead of these isolated the separated choppy, you know like well We got the dolphins over here and we never the train shall meet And they haven't had that here since the great entertainers true, but it's only been a couple of months What give a time to catch that well look that's my point I don't disagree with that But you know as well as I do right now They're in a cold sweat. They're sitting in their swig and cigarettes a seven right now like it like Oh, I'm serious. I'm serious this thing back on Atlanta man there doing the two Apple quits that there's like a line four yards long to the John up in Atlanta, Cox enterprise. Are you crazy? And they're all saying what she's we're paying rages all that big money. He's got a stinkin for sharing with these guy Now if we're gonna be the great thing. They got a you know the way management people in this business think in the way they over react I was told we have any more changes here We might as well get the shovels out and start digging for the parking lot I was told when we started here. They're not looking for anything from us for a couple of bucks They realized the damage that was done and they're going to wait that they told me that they said that they did they I was gonna the Orlando. She's not here. I'm going to get a break. Oh You bad Wait, are you saying that boy Gary admitted that he's a long kid and not in those words? Seriously, but that he actually understands that he screwed this radio station a badly He realizes that I was going to start bringing the fall. I'm not gonna sit here in a apologize for what I do and sure We got some more on colors on there, but this is a fun show. Keep going joy it I'm not gonna come on Monday and start talking about hemorrhoids again Tuesday, maybe you know what I think diversified it a little bit is because you are so popular That a lot of people on other stations are stealing your act So it's not unique totally because they borrowed a lot of your stuff People on other stations. Yeah, what? Not on this one. No, okay. No. I mean I just want to kill you. You know, you didn't say you look built about defensive and paranoid I don't say it's a great compliment when I was living on the way in I know he didn't mean it, but I want to point out and maybe maybe he was being deceased I said he said he was listening he tunes around he said radio doesn't sound fun anymore He said outside of Rick and Sots. He said it doesn't sound like people are having fun Well, you like the show or not we are having fun We're having that was a shot and you're too stupid to understand Or maybe so it did maybe so it's like a sarcastic dig. He's really good there This would be a great way to win him and I don't need an interpreter here I think you do you're in Miami. I felt it about that Pines anymore bill. This is Miami because we do have a good time our stays what I Have a good time. I know you do Who the hell am I like chop liver now? Oh, you can have a couple of ran We did a week will he would never compliment me because he knows that I've got a man And do you go and I make a lot of money and he isn't gonna do that? Until he needs to ride to the truck. I just did I appreciate I I thought it was a phone Friday at a photo say you know your choice There was pretty interesting there were a couple of he won't say I was good But it'll sit a were a couple of pretty interesting call is because when it gets toward the weekend He starts sucking around because you know Sunday. We're going to the track again I've known him 15 years We're going together at a 27 radio stations this this year and to this moment that's now What he's gonna say is a lie? I know what you're gonna say. I've never Complimented you that's a lie. No, it's okay. I have gone on about him about the show An I in Z at night. I've gone on here about I got screwed over on the station Yeah, but that's not what you know You let me finish No, they say hang around with him for ten minutes. You're not the show. Does he play music? He plays why should I answer I thought what does he do? He in other words. He doesn't do a talk show He never did a talk show. Oh These bulls those here man. They brought this guy and all he does is that That can no wait a minute. Are you busy? Yeah, I've got the answer to the call. Okay. Hold on. Okay. You are nobody still somebody I better get the right cards on machine Somebody loves you Somebody Get in the right one If I had the ability to I take you out here right now. Take your goddamn teeth in Yes Lori how you doing Yeah, cut that back a little bit back there. We want to hear a Lori. We don't want to hear all that rock is rock Right, right Lori. Yeah, we don't want to hear all that noise We call we call to speak to you. Okay, so what's going on Lori? Yeah, we're on here on Wild in Miami, Alex's favorite station I say I say and there's this big article at somebody brought in from The Marin Independent Journal, which I guess is one of your really big papers Yeah, not really Yeah, Alex is just any was on TV. I guess on Friday Or last Friday out of it. He's just all over the place. It's amazing and since he said you love Miami so much In such a big fan of this station and me in particular. I thought we'd call and check in with them But I'm on a year two Boy now you like blowing the off-boys that what you doing Well, wait mid did you tell him that I was on the phone? He knows them on the phone and that's why he won't come to the phone He doesn't do smaller markets Well, I have his resume here and it seems to me that he once worked in Reno, Nevada I'm San Rafael Yeah, well, I Will wait about you. I know what you're ending the conversation yet because I had it So I can't ask you like what kind of a show he does out there. He plays a lot of music or But he'll really take phone calls on year. I say you don't take any calls on the air But you just don't get mad at you right? Right, well, I could sound today We need like Roger Craig from the Giants Well, that's pretty exciting. Well, they're doing it Yeah, they're moving up a little bit and you had who you had Cisco and the e-bird Boy, for you guys don't muck you around Well, tell them we're gonna work real hard so one day we can work in a big market like that too, okay? Give a big kiss on it for her and tell him happy 50th birthday Okay, bye, Laurie Okay, what a piece of crap 20 after noon and WID, he knows run the whole he didn't talk to smaller markets. I knew it for you the biggest market you were in in your life was publics Anyway, we have an open line and hey kids If you thought P. We was fine Two in this Saturday morning for honey's play house Hi boys and girls welcome to honey's play house today's world is oozy watch Boston that fun meet some of honey's friends like Terry the Terradacto Bye, Terry Consider yourself extinct wasn't that fun the fun ever stops at honey's play house now Let's go over to the talking head I had you okay head tell us the future Okay, yeah your next movie's gonna sting for really okay kids Let's sing hi head hi head it's time to eat some Don't know is that Saturday morning madness on honey's play house don't go away I'm scrubbing off is it in the year it's not a cartoon I talked about the fact that he was a buddy when Henry was in here before I off the year I said He was the one that was funny in the man in the street not Larry King Larry King is never said a funny line of his life other than Lo me $50 million I said that many times and I just got through saying a moment ago you were the great entertainer big Wilson was a nice Well, I let him into what I said him up for it big was a nice guy But he was about as exciting as yesterday's chocolate milk He wasn't a great entertain he was boring hello big hello I had granted he's dead. He was he was a nice guy one of the nicest people I've ever known I knew him pretty well Now you're missing the key word on that that's staff though I agree with everything you say about everybody was a Jim. Oh the key word was Balance everybody was Yeah, look at him. Yeah, oh the section No, if there was an umbrella and everybody was different under the umbrella exactly But like I said the other day yesterday when I went through one of my many tantrums that I've done this week And I think that this bears out that I'm doing it at the right time I've been here almost two years now. There has never been one meeting Okay, I'm not talking about where Alan Anderson will call you in and play your tape and critique you in front of everybody and rip your ass That's not a meeting but I mean just to sit down and just to shoot the breeze and exchange ideas and and like develop a report Reneri comes in here man 10 o'clock in the morning He's out the door like a weasel. I mean I like Michael ice a good guy. He and I get along fine But he's out the door man and he's like there is no crossover whatsoever I mean even this week like what's sunny? I'd be sitting in here all of a sudden I realize he's talking to me on the air and we're doing a little stick back in fourth Why not we always use to do that I and Z we do it here Why not do audience likes that it develops that kind of thing you're talking about here It's like us against them even Steve and I used to do it and some of the audience hated it But was something to talk about oh, don't let Steve come in there anymore But it was still they got into it. See is you gonna come into Mars you're gonna let him in on the show But here it's like a man. It's like never the twain show me it's like more than how are we talking hi don't know But hey, you'll about 15 minutes. Oh, but it's true there's no image But it's coming back it is coming you can destroy you can destroy a whole life your mischievous You know you know you're the same guy that came in here during the newsbreak and told me that story But how you run here for like four minutes some stage and then they can you're asked and then they brought you back And they give you enough time and you build like a five share. No, if you want me to tell the story I saw that I said the beginning of the year here somebody will recall I said Between the bird being gone and all this other insanity that's gone on I said I'm really starting over again and I knew that I didn't realize it would get this bad for the whole station But I feel like I'm starting all over again. I said that several times. Oh, it's a challenge Because now we have to start building a whole new audience What I said in the audience should understand is because you talk about arbitron a lot is there's an arbitron lag We are so secondary in their lives what they wrote down and what we're reading now is what happened for the six months Go out of habit you know that they don't keep a log They don't sit there and if they drive them away how are they gonna be around to notice that there's a change? Well, because through those great billboards Well, that's dry about I had forgotten about that what I had said was teeth and town when we had started at this other station We started two weeks after a book We gave it we went up from a two three to a two four and they can't us They brought us back let us finish out another book and at two four one to a five one the next book You gotta let it settle in they just were so secondary they could care less and when it comes to Decating our lives with what they fill out They don't care it just means nothing I don't know for if anybody in this market really believes that people under the age of 65 are tuning in big numbers to I and Z they're crazy They're nuts. It's not happening. It's not gonna happen Can I make one I and Z is so boring maybe even my dogs going to a coma yes sir To me the ideal situation It's a win a lot of it that I go back To a guy named hot grams who was a general manager why are you gonna let me finish anything today? Or you want me to just get up and leave? I know you can't do that. What was the name? Let me finish hog In rod he was a general manager KSD and say Lewis and they hired me Away from another station now listen to the cameo x Right the first book came out and I went into his office and I said how did I do how did I do? He got up you shut the door to his office Pored me some scotch And he said let's have an understanding yeah He said we hired you because we like what you do Let us worry about the numbers you do what you do the best If you get off track we'll let you know about it But don't worry about that book we don't live or die by that book Can you get that guy back now when did you get camp Didn't get camp okay, but I mean the point is in a way I think he made a little sense because it's gotten to the point now where everybody is so freaky about the book Freaky well I'll give you a good answer when we talk about the pluses and the more you're gonna talk about ratings on a station again Ever tell like I'm not no I know I'll see that would be no ever period I'm ending it today Why because I just because I think what he says is true Like dick per I give an example Nick pertinent to you. I think it's one of the greatest talents and you would go along with it in the country Is a funny guy has been in Detroit for years He is had I mean his numbers are fairly good not phenomenal but good JP McCarthy beats him all the time JP is about as exciting as this cup okay, I mean he's got a great voice He's boring but he's on W j r he's been there forever in the morning of the same station he gets enormous numbers and Purtain can't beat him okay. He gets good numbers but not phenomenal and yet he makes enormous amounts of money They sell out his show and And I happy and I think what you're saying I think what you're saying is if you know you can become so obsessed with us That it becomes like a neurosis exactly and I think that's what it's become yeah I've somebody called me at home last night and said get me those numbers get me those numbers And after I remember my father could it no call not at all and I thought about it afterwards and I thought my god is that what we've come to in this business Numbers numbers numbers numbers and when I went to work at QAM the other side of the coin That he said I know you're not gonna believe this But if you break a one we don't have anything in there. He said you're not gonna get any calls You're not gonna get anything and I said oh oh oh oh oh he says I'm serious you're not gonna get anything Nobody's gonna call nobody's gonna do anything because there's nobody listening if you ever break a one He said we'll send a limousine for you. Well, I sent you certified letter well same different You know only two after one I got it everything is relic this now or KM We still by we hey I was along the air. I'm gonna finish it Well, when we can talk after the break can we put a semi-colon there How's your colon anyway if you try to paint high prices for a CD's Been our go up to the CD exchange one of these days very soon because both of us got loads of CD I go there every week Rik Riley goes there all the time. That's why I got some noise Ron and good part of the deal is they're all a CD's are only 795 at all times They have thousands of CDs and stuck everything from jazz to classical rock to rap country to Christmas even M. O'R like on the Bob Gordon show and if you have loads and loads of those piggylies sitting around He'd like to bring him in and swap on the best part is they give you a five dollar credit when you trade a CD That way a different CD cost only $2.95 And incredible deal So instead of spending all my harder and money for CDs We're gonna go up there and check it all out okay incredible CD exchange there But every day 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. there are number 733 6581 And you'll find them in a lot of day a lakes just not the vocal part boulevard off 441 Next to radio shack in the extra shopping center you tell them bill colors sent you by to the CD exchange This is Stan Bager hope you enjoyed our recent program regarding the Kennedy assassination We'll be with you when there's no Yankee baseball game at night Beginning at eight o'clock right here on news talk radio 610 WioD Introducing the 610 WioD source line the source line is 610 WioD's apartment source for the 90s Just think about opening the doors who will luxurious apartment with a view of the Miami skyline and Right meter fingertips you'll have access to exclusive shops private fishing beers forced on restaurants made service fully equipped health facilities Olympic pools and tennis courts Sound too good to be true All this and more is available and the ability to I take you out here right now Take your goddamn teeth in okay 1 26 the WioD want to thank Alex who called in the congratulatory to son of numbers and Should we take some calls if you want to just ramble on it we got a full board of call let's take a Okay, or there's a lot of talent here's the first one ever drop the bomb ahead of it Yeah, I'm thinking of red next. Where were you talking about a Carson Rennie earlier How did you get on here? I'm been here. Oh, you were doing the a thing. I was doing it. Well, how can we stop? I just had to oh What were you saying about that red neck Arnol Carson Rennie the greatest broadcaster whoever lived What what about it? What the hell are you talking about? I can't believe it look at that We have a celebrity intern back in there Ross's back and to visit the where the scene of the crime was Yeah, I saw your boys up in Atlanta last week. Okay, hold on a second so you're about as exciting Is a crude one that's the guy who is doing a cacoline. He's uh, got into a different well How did he get in my arms and Renny? Yeah, uh, Neil. Yes, sir. I kind of agree with you Welcome to the last Neil Roger show sir. Well, well, then let's make it a memorable call first I think Rick is there to uh sponge off of you like a little sock where is no question about it? He'd be the first one to admit it. Yeah, and so in review anyway pretty upset when all the food was gone too. I'll tell you that Yeah, but yeah, but net bow now they're not enough listeners to suck off of which is what now? He's got a real problem there Why are you attacking my good friends in the afternoon? See this is part of the IOD audience Because he does the same part of what's during our team has got he does not do the same show that I do Sir, I do a good show. Oh, excuse me. Well, you do a good show, but you know it's that same youth or kind of fun What's wrong with that? What do you want this to be the dead station without any We've already got life and WStudio you've got two deaths stay so let us are going on more than that Please program the show the set. Why are you screaming the micro? No, I think you got a lot of sets sir program the show this afternoon Go ahead. Okay, now. Okay, does it would benefit and what do you want him do when he comes up? What do you want to say? I'll write it down. Come on. It's easy to criticize. Let's come up with some positive Too many people call you're showing you'll they go I'm dying over here another idiot that Gilbert He could I thought we were talking about out there for taking this show okay? I don't know then another guy calls up because sometimes They feel then you get that old lady she goes hello now Then there's a kid he goes Who wants to hear that yeah the radio calls one guy goes But load back at you What's 29 at the Wilding your friendly station for you are getting psychotic there for just that We're gonna lose you. I am right. I don't hear myself. It's something happened from the buzzer Miami Hello, how you doing welcome to the bill called or show with a Randy Martin on 610 Wilding Yes, they'll call there. I've always heard Neil mentioned you, but I've never heard your program with well I don't have a program sir when you did when you did I never really did have a program Well, I think going why didn't he get up and run out of here like a petal and child? Okay, go ahead sir. They don't believe you. No, but think you're pounding Let this call or speak I think he has something about you want this because he's gonna suck around with you No, I don't think so I thought he was I think he might say why you sure were a lot of fun today and I don't think he will deny I think he wants to say Stay to hell off his show. Okay. No, I don't matter fact I think you're enlightening the program just a little Exactly, you're adding something to it. We haven't had for a long time. No, I'm not saying no I told Neil during one of the breaks one of the many breaks That I felt I should have come on Monday as originally schedule. No, this is much better I don't know I just don't I'm uncomfortable having a radio minion would you not be there? Well, I feel uncomfortable because I feel as a certain Sometimes I feel well, you know sometimes I feel that I think you I think you two are very entertaining we are and I think it's very exciting I think it's you ought to ride down the work with us. I think you should continue. I've been there He should be on a show every day, right? I listen to you. I do it for the free lunch I listen to Iodia would not listen to any other AEM Station because I think Iodia is very entertaining. They are not informative that I think is a difference between I and the and Iod We're not informative not like if you don't have some fat broads in your reading the same news 400 times in a row is that it? No, no, no, I'm talking about I only and I'm just kidding But when I work at you know I talked you before I work at the VA when I'm working there I don't want to hear Yankees and I used to be a big time Yankee fan Who the hell does you or nobody wants you're the Yankee? So what I do is listen I and Z and I and it's informative Okay, best a difference. I don't think you compared to the Iod with Iod anybody else Iod is in a class of itself. That's correct. And we'll always be now I was gonna ask you Neil Back which I didn't listen to your show back then, but I heard about it through the media when you had a controversy with the Conduct commandos Did your ratings go up at court? Way up Well, doesn't that tell you something maybe it's time for another one? I don't do contrived controversy sure that just happened But I get accused of that all the time. I just do whatever is on my mind and whatever is timely And I don't sit as you. What am I gonna do to start writing? I don't do that Perfect, but if you noticed earlier you mentioned when you went to this radio station The ratings went up and then they went down You went the next day. I sure that went down because we got into a whole thing with the FCC and they took off about 80% of our material and And that that segment of that audience said wanted to hear somebody say penis on here. They're all gone Okay, they're gone and what we're doing is rebuilding now and the people who wanted to hear Steve with it is a contrived crampity Have to know they're all gone Okay, I don't basically there are two big at listen to me. They're two major elements of this radio Stay state of disappeared So you have to go out and start building again from ground level time. We're still the sound like we got a one share We still got a four okay. That's not chopped liver. It's still the highest rated production of market and between ten and two It's about a four six or a four seven okay? That's not a bad number. It's a very good number I think the bottom line is the only way this is one of the most Transit and changing markets in the country you have to go out there and promote You can't sit back and rest on your laurels because we have thousands of new people moving in this time every day and thousands of people moving up And the promotion you can't complain about the promotion on this station. We don't have any other than billboards with false teeth We don't have any promotion. I don't think the rating system is true to life I don't think it has any kind of value at all the type of rating system they have right now Great I did that just to stop you in your track. I don't want to sit here and belly it About other ratings. Oh, it's bad because all the time I had good books which is most of the time been the market I never said well, we got an 11 share, but the rating system sucks That's like a pie baby. I just that's like something Greg B. Dell would do I must get relics Bennett I'll be a lot of credits for the type of program and the type of format they have now because I See now is now it'll be an interesting time in the history of this radio station to see whether they will have the courage There convictions whether they make a couple of minor adjustments where they're making grotesque mistakes That I want to mention the Yankees and whether they'll really do what ought to be done or Whether they'll repeat the historical mistakes of neurotic compulsive Repetitive Changes over and panicked like they've been doing over and over again when I was on zade Used to rip this place like crazy. They were laughing stock panic and panic and change and change and Recycle Sandy and Bill and try to put Sandy on with Mike and it was a disaster. It was a joke Okay, they made a bad mistake with cane a terrible mistake a grotesque mistake and a screw to ride and mess There are a lot of our audience and drove them away and did a lot of now the question is will they have the common sense to let things come down to worth And to start building instead of constantly tearing down of what we've got left From from Mike wasn't at a good speech sir. Excellent outstanding from Mike to stand I think is an excellent combination. He just has to be worked on like Rick said Like or who was it said was just there? No, I think it was the dean Well, I It did some ice-commonation but you just have to give it a while it seems like the managed very or whoever he is They goodbye. Okay. Well, you have a good day. Thank you. He was good pretty boring, honey 135 in WIOD we have a couple of open lines now the both in date County. It's very unlikely You'll get on with a true and impressive bill if we let him up 751 WIOD and I have a sponsored to talk about not one of my favorite restaurants in the world Really, I'm resting well now. It's been an interesting Four hours almost four hours and it would have been more interesting is if we had already so chin here don't ever ask me back on a show again Come on you had a great time No, no no no no too much pressure no it's just I don't know when that's comfortable About the last time you hear we had a great time. Yeah, but I like that cheer your red oh Or will it be so small? Here's a mobile on the turnpike Gone yeah, I'm here you are there okay sir Neil I mean you're 30 to 54 demographic yes, sir and Everyone I don't want to listen to topics. Yeah. I want to be entertained. I want to smile I just joking when I seem to go back to topics because I'm never gonna do that if I have to go to work in peoria I'm still gonna have a good time on here. I don't want to go back to the first of all. It's boring and it's depressing and I just have no interest in it Well, you lose me and the other thing is flip around the AM dial Who else is there to listen exactly? That's why I think a lot of this is really bogus and they're gonna sit in there They're gonna overreact and I've been nervous breakdown and start messing around and messing around and messing around And that's gonna be a mistake because that's what we're paying for now is all a mess around Exactly six That's not just a mess Since we've came left this station which is back in October Nothing has stayed the same in other words. There've been just a succession of changes and several day parts Especially after you in a night changing and changing and changing and changing and changing and it's got to the point now Or the audience the audience likes stability, okay? Exactly ability I mean Ralph Rennick was not here for 30 years in Miami because he was a great news band They were just comfortable with him comfortable like the same with our morning show. I mean Reneries a great guy everything but he's he's doesn't he's no He's not Dick Pertner Howard Stern But they're comfortable with him. Okay. They like what he does. They're comfortable are used to him He fits like an old glove and that's what people like Yeah, but he loses me when he starts to play well But see you're not you're I'm not looking for you to critique issue. I'm just trying to explain to you What it is the ability is what keeps your audience Not a pinhead audience. They're like the most fickle ones of all are you know like on Monday More downy rules and Tuesday. It's a Andrew Duce play and when there's somebody else the pinhead audience is the most Flaky audience of all well when you're talking about like 25 plus that audience a different story They like stability Exactly and one last thing I'd like to call my brother-in-law do you back George? Back okay, sir. I wasn't that that was like perfect topping on a cake. What a and fact we're so convinced of what I just said We're gonna be doing this show next week from the stable area how to call her Okay, King of Danes is gonna be our guest on Monday for Lauderdale. I need oh yes sir A couple things first ball. I'm part of your audience 25 plus and we never got a book A lot of people that listen didn't get the arbitrage on book to fill it out My first question from that end as your station to Massachusetts Where the hell did they send the books? So I'll buy the coast when the people come in on their rubber ramps Those who don't want to get the diaries now. That's while these ethnic stations are getting these enormous numbers I must have went down with this 36 and went under But the whole thing is you've got a lot of loyal listeners that we don't get a chance to express ourselves a lot of Est on stopping call. I have to stop buying because I was hearing a lot of negative coming in that way Everybody's doing a good job. I'm not blowing smoke, but the whole thing is a lot of us didn't get books and the stations like I I think you said one of five got top numbers right just shows you when south of the border and You know a lot of a single lot of your recommendations. I went to one of your famous fundoo restaurants So yeah, I had a great dinner They were hugging an example okay the guys from American stick and pizza were in the other day and they're nice guys They have good great food and they've been on only for like I don't know last three or four months Which is when we've been going through all these downtrends and everything and they came in not only did they bring in food But they thank me they said the results you've gotten us is so incredible and Same with Wayne Arnold about $20 million worth of food in today here's the guy with his little royal castle over there has been there for like 20 years or more And since he's been advertising on his show including right now We have he's broken all of his records okay Jeff at the pizza loft and built a new neo Rogers dining room up there Not because he loves me, but because of the fact we're bringing him tremendous business He needed more room okay that indicates to me we got a lot of people out there and I know you can't Alibay about numbers forever, but I think something is dramatically wrong up there in belts Phil I think they're interviewing they're giving diaries to people who are like in our Katie or Siner What it is that I'm not buying it and I'm not doing the numbers on the year ever again I will never do it again. I'll drive around for spring Have to be lost a sample road and I saw I don't know if I can mention the restaurant or not But what do your favorite font do places and I just said that's the place in the Talks about like went in and have to find your way or Troy Yeah, and I said if this isn't the restaurant and Neil talking about that I'm not coming in and go Oh, yeah, no no we're leaving and everybody's been telling you But let me see as you've been the business long time Do you feel that maybe the summertime ratings go towards more like rock and roll these aren't summertime? This is the spring I thought this is a macy's April April May in June Now, I don't think that's got anything to with it That's a little more people are outdoors. They don't have time to sit in and fill out the book where light of the people just may I just think arbitraris lost it with their ratings sampling that it started many many months ago I think even I think it started last June is a matter of fact over a year ago Well, unless they get the book out and distribute them and even wait throughout the internet But to see what you're but the point is we can sit here and suit what electrolysis from now Sure next sockets But people and management aren't interested in that because they've got to cover their own as they have to answer to the People are higher than them and they have to produce so they're not gonna buy that Okay 145, but you're suitable in electrical station Wiod let's go to Fort Lottodale. Hello. Hello. Yes What is it Kevin? Yeah, Kilbur's buddy. Yes, sir. What's up? I see Right here. I'm glad we got this call in before the end of the show, okay? We've been having a lot of these calls some of them, you know, maybe not that great But at least attempting to respond to what we would talk about all day having some pretty good conversation and you call Kevin Gilbert's buddy so what's up You guys are doing a great show. What does that mean Kevin? What what is that so what's up? Oh, just more in Gilbert's Like I said, I think the ratings are correct. I think that most people will like you over six Don't want to hear pinheads calling saying how you doing what's up. I don't think people want to hear that Well, I'm sorry Neil good I just want to say you ought to be sorry Kevin and if I were you I'd stop associating with Gilbert immediately All right, it does it's affecting your credibility No, he's a good guy What call me he's like in T. Yes, okay. See he's a good guy's in tears, okay? Kevin how old are you about 25? Yeah 25 yeah good guess right now don't you think it seriously? I'm not trying to put you on Don't you think in your age? Yeah, but you could find something more constructive and meaningful to do Then you like baby centered the Gilbert the rest of your life Well try to be more about early sochen and Norman Kent and Ed Till and the Arrogors and Bill Colder and Randy Martin Michael's I'm not the point. I'm not don't even be evasive I'm trying to make a point to you you're like a pulse of your obsess this business is garbage Don't you understand that it is swill it is the if the pits it's like sucking barnacles off the bottom of the Titanic Do you understand what I'm saying Kevin? Yes, have a nice day. Okay. Did I tell him? Yeah, I like to weigh your handle that okay while I always have an master attacked here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello How are you both great good? I like say hello to Anna and I just Ross came back to a test drive my Corvette today Is that why you came in Ross? I know see at his eye on it same color is your shirt almost and what is it? Like say hello to Craig my physical therapist. I'll be there three Never mind your physical therapist. What kind of crap are you feeding? Oh my god She like I can't believe it. Don't Where'd it be she or if he wanted to be she? No, I don't think that's oh What is that why? Yeah, I don't think I don't think I think did she hang up now? Oh, no, she's there Whatever he wants her to be let her be all I know is that we miss you. I think that is the word that would fit in her go We miss you a lot. We miss hearing your voice Neil the hell with the rating You know what your audience thinks of you you know the audience But I want to explain because I know this is getting really ponderous for the audience But when you know you're an analyst I really mean a Disney is a great guy. He really is I like him as much as anybody I've ever worked for but and there's always a big butt standing away These people hired me based on my track record and a reputation in the market They're Johnny cumpletely in this part if they don't really understand what I do or what I've done or what I know or anything I'll say about me they really don't and all they know is that I'm kind of a hothead and a pain in the ass and you know and make a lot of ways And all I know is that if you're working for people who really understood everything that's going on in the background and all all the Machinations of it then you have a little better feeling about it. Okay When we're working for people who are like panicky and oh, gee, what do we do now? We better make a change because the things have been the same for three days in a row You get a little bit this concerted is the word I would use to be diplomatic disconcerted I understand like panic total panic Neil yesterday We can start spoke to a DJ from point in beach Who got Toronto C.A.B. because he played bands in the USA Okay, not because it was dirty, but because they don't play the station Anybody who will play that crap ought to get off. They threw him off. Well, God. It's a crappy record We don't need any more to live crew on there. Okay. It's no no. There. So I'm trying I'm trying to bring more publicity than I get Try to bring at a point. They threw him off in the middle of the record. They shoved him out The phones didn't stop bringing for two days. Yeah, they brought him back on the third day because the listeners Well, let me tell you a little story about W.I.O.D. They can't a sandy paten and bill Smith here several years ago Okay, four two of the most boring some ambulance people in the history another broadcast in this video They human race and the phones didn't stop bringing in and they brought him back by popular demand about two weeks later And you know what they still had no numbers and they were still boring and a station still was a laughing stock, okay? Yeah, so what you're saying is everybody has this following the matter who they are? Well, man, let me tell you something boy this station Don't get food it out And nobody called that's right and then they booted him out again and nobody called right But how did you get back the second time? It's nobody called the first time they were this I changed my name He said year-moll and they didn't know what they were talking about He changed his name to bill Smith right now. No sandy colder No, that's true though What you say what did you say? Whatever I said whatever you said was good You'd like to billboard, but the teacher would be in a big land right? The billboard sucks. Oh did you listen to me in New York when I was there? A chance sure did I was good then what name? You were good. You were nothing. I was so good I was you're still funny now. I'm not funny anymore. I'm laughing That's why I say those things because you accuse me of never paying a compliment But if you don't pay me a compliment. I don't mean it. But no, I'm not right. I'm not right. Let's see I got to take another we have another break to do here Marvin. I think You sure that okay. I would love to continue talking because you just wonderful you are you're Bully and boy and lifted us from our depression Will you please listen to one more thing okay? Both of you be healthy Thank God for your health and the rest of the crap go to hell exact let him all go to that Okay, I want to have a little bridge talking to you about bye bye Okay, one fifty one a WOD Henry's got a little something for you before we leave It will be right back It's a scandal. Oh 154 a WOD boy time is really I can't believe it Surfside now we know who this is going We know who this is Hello, yes, I do a new okay. I even great First time crawling here. Okay. I thought maybe this was the guy who calls every day from surf side No, that guy from a light turgum in exact no no no. Tell me the way the kids are rules anyway. Okay I got it to Justin for you who is you like turgum in He's some crooked mayor here in surf side. Oh, yeah. Oh, in other words, it really is such a person Yeah, yeah, he's a hell with him. We don't give it to him. Yeah, we don't care and that's thinking mayor at Hollywood matters Banned sunglasses because it reflects on his answer something to hell with him. Yeah, that got us a Justin for you No, he's upset about the copper tone thing or the other one with the naked butt and all that's oh man Hollywood, they're just a sick Even my mother's getting fed up with Hollywood go ahead pal. Yeah. Um, I got a suggestion for you since those a Spanish say Instations are That's a great numbers and our and our nanobox has got that level to two hour It's got that liberty you got one time as a sidekick. Yeah, that's true 11 to two yeah get some of the Spanish listeners are like oh yeah now that and look at that TV real quick Look at that oh geez Two live crew is back on area. We can't talk about the who's in between All listen, thanks for this suggestion pal. All right. I have a good when is this okay? Okay. We're gonna start speaking a little bit like every other word is gonna be an espanyol Did you hear that about now the rumors that they pay uh ethnic five dollars for the diaries of your letter in Englose only a buck I don't know if that's discrimination And if it and if it's used they made they make them pay 250 for their diaries of count. Oh seriously They buy in all those old stereotypes a West Palm Beach. Hey guys. How you doing sir? Hi pal. Hey listen I think I got it figured out okay As far as bills concern and brick and pots, you know like bill tries to compliment Rick and Pots you don't let People call in train compliment bill. You don't let them you want to get rid of them So what's the deal Neil? It's like you're insecure you can't handle it someone else is getting Compliment on your radios show exactly. Okay. Thank you back. Okay. Let's go to my amy hello It was always like great. Great. Thank you sir. He got the diaries. Yeah. Yeah He's listening to radio mom be he just studied stopping call. He's not listening. Speaking of radio mom be yeah You know your billboard that was in high lea on hundred-third street all the pal man. That's a good place for it Yeah, well, you know what that was replaced with the four guys from radio mom be. Uh-huh That's what it was covered up with well it takes four guys to replace him. That's correct That's that you're coming out to the Debbie Ellis billboard with the the city of plantation Yeah Well, you know when bill call the first came in this morning. He sounded a little weak and he sounds much better now Oh, and now he's just he's just getting going now He starts sweaty when he ate that white hot No, but he's starting to sweat now that you're talking about him. No seriously though He's doing great. You know you talk about the numbers coming out and and I never again this is your last day for it never again What you know you know today's bottom line. I have a son that's 13 years old. Yeah When is your one well what do they listen to WEDR? Okay, without rap stuff. Okay, that's what they were listening to. We're not we're not competing for that market Absolutely not I know I understand that but you know when you start going and you see people and they're talking about Rick and Sides Rick and Sides ordered you here with Neil said How come when they come out with numbers like this? Where do these other people get these books from? I have family stakes and where did all our audience go? I mean like I said they're not listening to hot 105 They're certainly not listening to the EDR They're not listening to the life or joy or the coast Where did all of these news talk uh or what are entertainment people go where did and the fact is If you look through you can't find them. They're nowhere they're gone. They're all here The sampling that they take Okay, if you take a sampling of people that watch television and and you you talk to I would say out of 10 people six or seven will tell you that they watch that alienation they happen to like that show Yeah 82nd in a ratings. I mean When did they get these wrandening? Are they uh they they sample the people like out in a swamp You know you want me to answer the question you want to get them where how and they'll I should be from somewhere does that answer your question? Does that tell you a lot? It it Hall and be then all 2000 diaries this time weren't Hall and they'll well I'll tell you in a lot of and half of them were in Sunny Rosenberg's house. I have never heard of Rick and Sudge before they came to this station right okay You talk to people now Everybody knows about Rick and Sudge I mean they they talk about They're funny Are they keep that afternoon going? I mean it's some of the stuff with it play off one another Remember the guys you should do the Trying to think of that fear They used to do a beer commercial up in New York there was birch beer No no the two the burden Harry Piring Harry okay. I'll be play off one another and the other one's like looking at what did you just say? That's the what they remind me of and Yet they play off one another and everybody knows about them how could they ratings possibly go down exactly That would have given my chance give us at least not A little bit in greater okay burnt ships and he rules okay, okay, that's gonna do a bill It's been something Well, it certainly has certainly been an agonizing experience Thank God we didn't have anybody sneak in any compliments for it because I'd be pretty upset about it Well, you know we don't have any well, we did we dumped a couple Anyway, Bill Carter will he'll be back with us in spite of my will I will never never come in back here until you talk about numbers Bill will be back with us tomorrow Not be back with us next Monday when the whole book comes in that we go around or by hour when you see QA I'm a bit less than QA I'm point one in the morning Something to think about he just stopped in mid-satons. That's Randy's number by the way Have a great day Rick and thanks for having me on always a pleasure Terry Lindtale or author of the messengers of Blight and three o'clock we got stand tonight at eight to eleven right after sports thought