WIOD presents Neorodgers. To get a touch-and-talk, call 751WIOD in-day. 524WIOD and Broward, or 655 and 278WIOD in the fall beaches. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers, are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neorodgers, on Newtot Radio 610WIOD. I mean, our DC client call, this is a client call, this is a client call, this is a client call, this is a client call, now this guy who is calling, what are you with to start? Get<|ru|>, you are the client call, this is a client call, all you have to answer. How about your partner? What? Open your cookies? Not ours. You know how's how he came in here, and he's talking with a mic, open his loosing it. He really is loosing it. All he wants is the food. Anyway, we got a lot of food, we got Neorodgers, we got that's BLT. Great, good stuff. Thank you, Bernadette, and Wayne, and all our friends over there, you just continue to be the best. I'm having one more Neorodger in that shit. And lemonade, good stuff, good stuff. Okay, what are we doing, Melvin? What are we doing now? Kind of lost track, that guy from Newtotimes. If he ever comes back into building, I'm gonna punch him in a mic, he was a puny little guy anyway, it's a kind of guy like the punch, puny defenseless. Anyway, let's take a lady in North Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning. Hi. Hello, Neil, I just thought I'd love to tell you this. I'm sure it will make you happy. Well, that's good, because you know what an unhappy miserable, let's go behind him. I have never found that so. You know what? What the bug said? What bird? Never heard of him. Uh, we just... The Shirley Bird. I know, yes, that's what I want to talk about. We have just returned from Vegas, and do you know what I noticed that? What? What? I noticed an absence of Canadian plates on the cars. Good, when is it plainly? They just don't come to Vegas. I wonder why they don't know. Are there two cheap, are you kidding me? No, because it would be so cheap for them to eat. You know, you know you get food there for nothing. Don't spread it around. Although it's something to think about, listening, get on in a highway 10 right now, and head out of here like a bad out of hell, at least 20, 30 miles an hour. Right. If you tell them that they can get breakfast for $2. And dinner for $5, that will say in Miami, I thought you ordered spread it around. Great. Well, we haven't spread it around with a shovel. When are you going back there? When? To Vegas. Oh, I don't know. It's wonderful. I've been there a million times. I'm just saving my money for a rainy day. Like I'm solving it away, like a squirrel does with nuts. But I've been some of it at the morage. You'll love it. That's what I heard, everybody says it's beyond belief. It is. OK. Well, we don't want anything like that here. Oh, God, you come back here. And it's so depressing when you get out of the airport. Yeah. But you know, you're back because you meet it. You start here in Spanish. Have a nice day. You're too. When is this? Oh, God. It's 1108 at WIOD. We have an opening in date County, 7519463. Boca and Pabbi, Chosso, why'd open? What the hell happened, boy? We started out like a house on fire that guy from my, it's all next fall, really. Don't rip the guy from New Times. It's Nick. That Nick head. For you ever did anything right? I would just pass out all the way. Did you get Donnie Osman on a show that one time? I'm trying to think of anything else he ever did. That was even close to being right. I can't, I gotta be honest. I can't think of one. North Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah. How's it going Neil? OK. Hey. That's still yesterday was great. Wasn't it? Yes. Now we should have just played the tape back today. And I could have stayed home. Got some stuff done. No kidding. It's getting more and more. I had to tell you, my neighbor's yard. When you had to read that promo, it was. The best. I think you ought to do a voiceover. Don't you? You ought to call the agencies, man. You ought to sign up with the ad team. No kidding. I couldn't stop laughing. So anyways. I can't win six to work today. And they go, OK. You might as well quit. Do you believe that? What the hell is that? Me and you might as well quit. That's what they do. In other words, you're not entitled to be sick. Hello, you don't say you don't sound sick though. Well, it's not. You know, like sick stomach. I hurt my hip. Oh. So I can barely walk and I drive around. You know, I drive around on the car. Uh-huh. What kind of bastards do you work for anyway? Not nice one. Sounds like this place. Yeah, right? Mm-hmm. So anyways, I want to call Felix the Deuce bag. OK. Well, listen, good luck in your job hunting. I know somebody would probably like to spend some time with you. He could go out and pet a latch on to you. You know, when you find a new job, you can be your hip kick. Yeah, right? OK. All right. No, thank you. Good luck, pal. You'll need it. 10 minutes after 11 at WIOD and open line in date, if you move real fast, now, that's our little psychological Steve King in that we like to play with the audience. If you're rushed, if you move quickly, 751 WIOD. Too bad that he's not, not going to get him dead in New York, isn't it? I want to hear from everybody who's upset that Steve's not kicking ass in New York. A mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing? I'm a famous Bruce. And I just want to tell you having new fan and that's me. Well, that's great, Bruce. I've been hearing your name and my family for about six months now. And I took my wife's car and turned the radio on. Here came a sixth 10, which I've never turned on in my life. And I think you're the greatest. Well, you're right, Bruce. Thank you very much. I've got an excellent taste and a wonderful wife. You're right on both counts. OK. Thanks a lot. Good luck to you, Bruce. Thank you. You don't need it with a name like that. It's 11 after 11 at WIOD. When we come back after the break, now I see I shouldn't do this because I'm then they'll all hang up. And I don't want you to do that. Because that'll make me very angry. Like Michael said in the Godfather, that'll make me very angry. In fact, if you ever seen Michael Corleone and Gilbert together, I don't think so. Didn't he have kind of like a little quagal there, too? I think he also went to the Bob Kuzi School of Something of Articulation. Anyway, we got that Dick Pertnestuck from what is the station he's on now? Q 95, WKQI, Indy Troit. And there are two, by the way, I'm just giving you advanced notice, Melvin. There are two bits back to back that I want to play. They run into each other, but just let it go. In fact, I think the last thing he says is Dick Pertnestuck. It's Wayne's Plus that we're talking about right now. I'm getting so disorgan. Should we take the mobile before we do a Dick Pertn? The better do it. If they're still there and don't, right? Yeah, Neil. Great, sir. How are you doing? Wonderful. And then, I'll ask you today's show, the best. And I'd really like to start the Gilbert Xenquab. All right. He's definitely the hidden cult hero. He was a spice of life. All friends were talking about him. It was really funny to ya. Hey, let's put our ball games. Oh, that's cool. That'll be his the best. Yeah, is it possible we're going to copy of that tape? You know, the best of Gilbert? The best of Gilbert, we're working on it right now. Come at you. Something to a music story near you soon. Sure. Yeah. And with each of anybody wants to start the Xenquab, we'll give one up. A bumper sticker, huh? If you love Gilbert and the Big Gilbert T-shirt. And they don't forget, Joey made a real boner yesterday. I can say that he invited Gilbert to be a guest on a show this Saturday. I have a feeling that one of them will not be on the show the following Saturday, and I might not be Gilbert. No, I don't think so. He's pretty funny guy. He's the best. Yeah, he is. He really put out a lot of talent yesterday. Okay, we'll see you all round. Bye, bye, bye. Bye. Okay, 11. 17. It's WIDA. I want you to listen to this stuff very carefully. These two cuts. If you don't want your pants, listening to this, you just have no sense of humor at all. Good morning, Dick. I'm old Reagan, sports commentator on the new 295, isn't it? Nice to hear from you Mr. Former President. And what is your sports commentary about this morning, does? Well, I've got my NFL outlook. Ah, believe it or not, the NFL season began over the weekend with the first two exhibition games being played. Well, I'm totally opposed to exhibition and playing football. What? It might be fun for the crowd to see those naked players. No, no, no, got Dutch dangers without any equipment. That's true. It's really tough on the sense. Yeah, sir. Sir, exhibition games are not played by exhibitionists. Oh, that's right. Their sport is valuable. Yeah, well, I got a truth to that. That is one of the big games that notice cancer, you're right. Oh, eh, which one do you go to? No, no, no, no, sir. I don't go to the camp. It means that I can't lie to you. Do you? It's me a friend. It's in your presence. Oh, she got it. Thank you. Sir, what about the lions this year? Well, I picked them for the Super Bowl. You do? How do you figure that, Dutch? Well, they've got a new stretch offense in the idea of the Lions' winning Super Bowl. It is really stretching. Well, that's for sure. Thank you for calling Mr. Former President. Okay, dear. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. All right, Nancy. Let's try some short passes. I'll go down to the coffee table and then look back to the bookies. Ladies and gentlemen, with the election tomorrow, our editorial board here at the Z. Thought it was important for you to hear one last debate between the candidates. Both parties turned down, I'll refer about the top men, but I've agreed to the two vice-presidential candidates. I'm going to align with me now, our Senator Benson, and the Senator Quail. Welcome, gentlemen. I'm here to play. There's won't take you long, world. I got an early tea time. Here you go. He did not. That's true. Good. You're coming. That's right, Senator Benson. You did agree not to use the K word. Sorry. I don't have my prune juice. Yeah, huh. Not myself. That's right. Gentlemen, what about the issues? I'm glad you brought that up. I'm just reading an old issue of golf. I just there. No, not those issues, Senator. What are your parties going to do about for example, taxis? I think we'll carry taxes. No. I'm a Senator here. I know. If you mess up, he said, past it. It's all done. Yeah, you're not willing to Johnson. What's that? How are you talking about? I finally got your back. Yeah, you're not. You're not. You did not. You did not. Let's talk about your chances of winning, all right? I've got my Z line. We take it right here. No, no. I got a real good show. Oh, that's a good show. I meant the election. I never had one of those in here. No, no. I just didn't see him all the time. That's why he would throw it around. You're not. What? He's a good. Hey, hey, let's go like a unit. Oh, I gentlemen, thank you for being here and having a good day. He said it. I'm going to play the play. Okay, 20. Oh, 20 after 11 at WODD. Just kind of material you hear on South Florida radio. Take part in 295 in Detroit. There's a whole tape. And this is a second one. I only wish our tape was as funny as this. This is the second best of curtain benefiting children's hospital, Michigan, and it's on a cassette. And the Soviet want to go up to Detroit. You'd probably buy it in a record store. Okay, 20 passed 11 at WODD. We have an open line in Palm Beach at 655 WODD. There's tons of stuff on it. I can step by the way. And every day, that'll be a good hook to get people to look at the answers. A seven. 15 cuts. 15 cuts on there. We might play a couple more later on today. Okay, when we get to our law, about 1230. First floor to the radio. Ready from a brand new. Ready from a brand new. Ready from another step to face out of round. C'mon. We're safe out of work now. He's got to buy his home on a shelf. And he'll never look back again. It's modern zen is boring. It's driving like a snowy rain. We're tired of hearing how the bird got screwed. He's a man or a bird now. He needs to find a job now. He's running out of dough, so he's yakking like a loo. Ready from a brand new. Ready from a brand new. Ready from another step to face out round. Okay, let's get a form 25 past 11 at WIOD. Here's a wording and major call. Hi, Sam. Stan. Neil. How you doing, Joe? Good. It seems everybody in the business likes to rip each other. Last night I was in my car and I accidentally punched up Craig Wording. And night? That night. What was he doing on at night? I don't know. He was on last night and he was ripping Stan saying that now Stan's on at night. And he says, all Stan's callers ever do. It just say how great he is. And he says, all Stan does it say mobile mobile. And he says, why don't you get a show Stan? That's all you ever say is mobile and your callers say you're great. He says, Stan, you have to do something in order to be great at it. He said, you have no show. Really? So that sounds very much. Unlike Craig. Are you sure was Craig maybe was Ernie? Oh, I'm sorry. You're right. Yeah. Craig would never do that. Craig is on first of all mid days on right now. And after you have to, he's a good friend of mine. He doesn't do that. Craig is just too, too nice of a guy to do. But Ernie, of course, you're very good. Everybody, now let's look back at those big numbers. Ernie had in the book a point two, a point one and a point three. At a boy, Ernie? Yeah. And he's ripping. I guess that's right. It was Ernie because now Stan's on. Now he's got some competition. He might not even show up in a book. He might be like the motivation station. Hopefully. Yeah. I just thought I'd give it a little bit of him. Excellent reports, sir. Thank you. You've been away had the wrong name. 27 after 11 at WIOD. We had an opening and what do we do? We have an opening and Broward at 524WIOD. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah. You mentioned something about Gico. Whatever heck his name is had an article on Dixfero. Yes. What's new paper? What is? Well, it's in the Sun Sentinel because that's the one at the Tom Rites 4. It's on page. You're a 9-E today on a radio and the entertainment page. I'm in Miami. You're in Miami? Well, drive up to Halendale. He's sunny Rosenberg while you're there. I can't drive off. I'd like you if you'd come to see that whenever Rosenberg or something about strip parts. Yeah. Sunny wants to commissioners all do. They don't have any in Halendale. So he wants them to go on a little junkage to a neighboring city and visit a topless bar. And get inspired and worked up to a frenzy watching so they can do a little research as to whether they should pass a no-no-nude club place in the Ordinance in Halendale. Ah. Yeah. The word is hornies. The word is hornies. The trick to Halendale is in the area. There are new bars that they're in is unincorporated seconds. Great. Well, that's probably where he wants to go. That's where Sunny ought to be in politics and unincorporated places. Oh, the positive tomorrow afternoon there's going to be a show I think on the Halendale to have him to do with strip part of this. Well, let me look at my thing here and I don't see it on my thing, but if you say so, I believe it. Oh, yeah. Great. Very interesting show. Great. Are there going to be any topless guests? So be a couple. Excellent. Well, I don't get that live studio audience gone. Maybe some of those people we saw in the grove yesterday will show up for that. So, stay and mention last night he knows he might have to be around. He's just a filmist. Well, he's not too pleased with the crap that they're spewing in the paper. And I don't blame him. And I haven't said anything about him. Well, not too much. But it's bush league. You know, I mean, they don't have to tip their hat to anybody else. Whatever they're doing, their own business. And, you know, they don't have anything to want Carlos co-text. They don't have to give him a bunch of... He's there and however long he's there, they should kiss the ground. So he's... he has a lot of class. He has a lot of class of the station. Yeah. At that time, as a man. You bet. And if they leave men there for a couple of months, there'd be a real number. You know, I mean, they may be... I used to do tens and elevens at night. But these people are Johnny Cum Laetle's in this market. They don't realize the virgin territory that there is there in night. Because all the other stations are running all his network and take crap. That nobody wants to listen to. Well, I used to... he's been doing this jacket for a few years on and off. And the only thing I heard about, to make this show, which I don't like too much was better. Some better in the show. Yeah. Well, maybe he'll work at WJR in Detroit, sir. They like that, either. Have a great day. Have a great day. Okay. Good luck to you. Okay. They're all experts. Everybody knows this business inside and out. If they're so smart, how come they're not in management, right? Well, maybe that's a rhetorical question. Maybe because they know something. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Hi. Because the guy you had in your first half-foward, the one I was talking about, these numbers in New York, yeah. That's the guy that had the 11, 12,000 raised in the condominium in the bank account. No, that guy had a low voice. No, that was the same guy. I was almost positive. No. Because he's... that was one I was talking about because it's the conspiracy between leaf-fowler and... Yeah, that was not the same guy. Oh, that guy had a real old low voice. This guy had a higher voice. No, he... well, maybe he was throwing his voice. No, I thought it was low too, but anyway. Well, I don't know how low-key he goes, sir. He always had insight information about games. Well, I know what... We know what the number was. The number was a two-eight and he said, no, no, it's going lower. And that's what I became a little lyrical. Because there's no, the trends aren't going to be out in any market for another ten days or so. So, I don't know what he's talking about. Exactly. But, you know, that's a stock well. That's a stock well, the guy you from Christine. John Stockwell. He was in Top Gun. Was he? The first is the beginning. He's the pilot that washes out, which enables Tom Cruise to go to the Tom... Well, isn't that? And I thought we couldn't have gotten Tom Cruise to wash him. Good, good questions. Good. Maybe John will show up in my next remote. Yeah, that's a good question. Anyway, enjoy yourself. Thank you, sir. Okay, well, he could be right. That could have been the guy. He kept saying to me, now is this a client call, is this a client call? He kept saying to me, now is this a client call? Is this a client call? Or he was concerned? Or he was concerned? I can't think to me. Now is this a client call? Is this a client call? 1131, a WIOD. We have an open line. It's Broward. At 524, Cranck. 524, WIOD. Well, it matters. It's gone. Well, up yours, okay. I hope that the whole city of Wilton, matters just like fades off the map into the ocean. We have an opening in date to a Broward. What the hell just happened there, man? Did we do something evil and wrong? Did we offend the audience? Don't forget Alex Bennett, let's speak to that Tommy Smothers on the phone, Comic Keaton, Barani or Barani, and that live studio audience, and in tomorrow, boy, he's going to have some nude women with enormous things. I get guaranteed. He'll have an audience tomorrow, huh? Friday. Well, he'll say it's because of the end of the week. But we know where his audience is coming from. Okay, they want a lot of those. Are donut people in here with the gigantic breasts? And that's where it's at. That's what the Alex Bennett shows all about. His big boobs. Miami. Yeah. Yeah. Are you doing pal? All right. What's happening, dude? I'm sick. How the hangin? Do you sick? Yeah. Another one, boy. My phone can make it to the bathroom. I'll be in my position. Okay. Then you get just about being being the afternoon. About what? Forging Bennett. When you stop it, stop it. See, then he accuses me. Then he turns around accuses me of ripping him. I've been pretty damn nice to him to be honest with you. Yeah, but he's terrible. I was trying to pump him up yesterday at that crowd at the remote and I mentioned his name and he were all hissing and booing. They have a boo-doo doll's. Well, it's because nobody gives anybody a chance in this market. Oh. Give them another week or two and you'll really hate him like poison. Pretty weak. Why do you say that? Let's get specific. I mean, you can call up any show. You can say, Joe Smith. He's weak. Well, what is that mean? Doesn't know anything about this market. Well, he's only been here a week and a half. And he brings all these people in from, I don't know. I don't like it. Personal. But you can't give me a good reason, though. I mean, the fact that he doesn't know anything about the market. That's because Nick is giving him all the information. And Nick, of course, is, you know, try to sabotage the show because Steve is giving him orders. It's just that when you lighten up, he got that. That's certainly look out his face. Just relax. Well, yeah, at least I can do his get even for that stiff guy you brought in from the new times this morning. Now, Nick's getting certainly an uptight. Look at that. Give me a look that could kill. Let me finally start a grinning because he knows that business has been good this week. He's just moved into a $2 million mansion in the Grove, by the way, Nick. Sir. Are you following that? Yeah. Goes to show you. You keep two jobs at the same time and really pays off. What's on the bail over? He said business is tremendous. It's booming. Fire report. What's fire report? WLL. Hold on one second. WIOD. You're holding on. Is this you? Yep. Okay. I just get nervous when I see those lines flash because Melvin's doing a whole lot. He's looking for another job. Oh, he's building. Good. Maybe he could fly the WOD traffic copter we could let him bail out. Right over Biscayn Bay with clearance. Hold on. WIOD. Okay. That was just a line checker. Go ahead. All right. Alex will have a stripper's panel on a surprise guest on a Friday. It says on my screen. Okay. So that guy had good information. If the price of your wicked, you're brutal. You don't let up for a second. Why don't you get the guy a chance? Wouldn't you like to come in and see the strippers tomorrow? No, no thank you. Why not? I'm not that tight. Oh God you're one of those Well you should have been in a grove yesterday. God you should have seen that crowd You would have been on the fun of your hands and knees on the floor begging pleading like I was Anything to get him up here What is he's not going off the air? He's got a contract for six weeks. Well, I'll make some break in hold on a second. Okay W-O-D Come to win come to win. Oh, was Harry Harry's practicing go ahead Hebby Ellis Debbie Ellis. Do I have to remind you what you called about? Yeah, kind of a get-ful soon. Well, I know Debbie Ellis by reporting Hey, my one-in-sw-ide you whoever got the fine Yeah, what do you mean whoever got the fine that was us 10 big ones? Okay 10 grand for a penis and veer or something right? Well, Debbie Ellis was defending you and everything well. Isn't he wonderful? Yeah Okay, and that's it. Well Well, you got her behind you. Well, I got news for a boy if I ever fall down. I'm safe Well, you can always run behind him. I'd take a leak at least a year to get behind her then yeah Have a wonderful life and to just give Alex a little chance, okay? All right a little tiny a little tiny one you can relate to that. Yeah, I can relate to them. Okay. Have a great day. All right Okay, what a guy? Volca Yeah It's a Gilbert thanks to me now. Is this a client call this this a client call this is a client call this is a client call Okay 24 till noon a W. I O. D. Let's do a little break here mouth and it will be right back Twenty-two noon a W. I do this is a mobile from oral springs. I didn't know they could do that there. Hello Yeah, we can't do it that well either man. I'm already TV Herman What will falls into the body? Well, I'm figure better hurry Yeah, good phone Okay, excellent call. I guess they can only do like for 10 or 12 seconds in the springs If there's any newcomers in town do not will be cruel springs unless you like a lot of Regimentation, okay? You can send your kids to Teravela and they can the Goose step every day. They're all gone event. I think everything is going and Alex just came in and had one of those big weenies and everything is gone Okay, collect from Dallas Speak up, sir. Speak up. How are you doing now? Okay? Foxes on this morning. Yeah, you follow the sticky particle trick. What's that? Yeah, yep He's got the dictionary electronic dictionary. Oh God All those pseudo intellectuals in Dallas. I can just see it now like gosh dang God darn you got it. Yeah, you know it Excellent. Well, I saw he's doing well over there. I hate to break the news to you, but he's a kick and ass I heard you hear that, but I'll tell you you know I really thought that I saw Stand out here stand around down or what yeah? Yeah, he's investigating the Kennedy assassination route again. He's at the grassy knowle You see a little if you see in fact that answers the question, you know Everybody wonders what that puff of smoke was on a grassy knowle stand was there with a stogi Yeah, I was a big one too. You bet and it's no good I got a quick fire report for you. Okay. You got a guy in there in your news room Hey Thomas. Yes, sir. Oh Shane used to be with some hokey radio station in Siebring, Florida. Oh great my favorite Your favorite you need to check it out. Oh, that's where the board game for well I believe it. I'll be honest with you. What is surprised me at all have a great day Sir, I'm trying to find my life. I have a call up funny socks and tell him I said hi Okay, and he box he's doing very well in Dallas. It's 1142 Well, that's because they can't understand what he's saying if they could ever understand a word He said they kick his ass out of town on a rail Let's answer Dave shall we W-I-O-D Yeah, you don't today. Okay, who's this? This is Neil. I know that while I didn't know was Bruce. Oh, how you doing? So you have an advantage You know who's on this end this is true. See their Melvin or me Hey, I'm calling from the dumps off of the boy Gary I don't get this on the phone. You read a clue you read the article. Okay. Are you ready? I'm ready. I'm just reading the part that pertains to Mr. Ferrell and Mr. Major's that we're 11 You want to hear it? Yes sir. Dick Ferrell who was hired by radio station W-I-O-D is a stop gap evening host between baseball seasons Didn't even make a dispring training embarrassingly low ratings of the fall arbitron book brought about his premature departure He was replaced by Stan Major effective last Tuesday night the fall ratings book indicated the W-I-O-D audience was overwhelmingly Rejecting these strident right winger who previously had been fired by W-J-N-O in the Palm Beach market among the unconventional positions that might have turned off the audience Was Ferrell's declaration that Americans have a Constitutional right to own any weapon, but do not have a right to privacy Ferrell inherited a 3.5 audience share from sports talk at 8 p.m. but by the 9 to 10 hour W-I-O-D's ratings plummeted to 0.9 W-I-O-D general manglier Mike Disney said a fractional rating is on her herd of a W-I-O-D We have more people than that listening in five o'clock in the morning he said Ferrell's share improved to a two one in his final hour Which is still miniscule by W-I-O-D standards, but as soon as he left the air W-I-O-D skyrocketed to a seven at 11 p.m. Ferrari King Disney said The station would have made the changes soon as the ratings book was released But was unable to because Major who until two weeks ago was W-I-O-D's afternoon pat personality was originally reluctant to take over the 8 to 11 p.m. ship as soon as major agreed to the new assignment W-I-O-D made the change W-I-D still plans to broadcast Yankee's baseball games this season But Major will fill the gaps unevenies when there are no games as well as service the station swing Hostoring vacation and sick leaves period Staff good end of quote end of quote that's that's excellent. Yeah He deserves it though. Who? Uh, stamp. Yes, and he deserves a little bit more support But they don't know how to do that here. They like good to keep everybody on the rope, you know So uh, has let it been back to a son to get like his life? I don't know. He's certainly gonna come in here and give his regards. I'll tell you that If he's well, then I guess you had no idea if he's still running from Steve Well, if that's pretty good now, it has to leave now Steve to get his condo when he comes back Yeah, there you go. Steve at least will have a place to live I don't even know if he ever rented his house up Well, didn't he rent some condo and with some old geriatric some old geriatric uh place there and Or maybe yeah, but he's also got the house that I was gonna rent out and I changed my mind because I don't want to do business with Steve and the timing wasn't right either And so he may have a couple of vacancies there so he may you know have a lot of space to come back to when he bombs in New York Okay, so yeah, it's 1145 Cool audience man. You're awfully cruel. I'll tell you Well, I was sitting there yesterday. It's specs looking around and just the drooling. I said God there's just I have never seen anything quite like that all on one place except maybe when I was an Amsterdam I just never saw so many hot looking people all in one spot and I thought she any one of these people could go home with me and I never come back Let's go to but that's where it is speaking of that. Here's a call from the grow Hi Neil. Yeah, come on dump those boring calls. Let's have some fun. It's the grow, okay? Number one you are really cute when you smile. Yeah, not as cute as Gilbert, but you're pretty darn No, don't stand in line with the Camille house. I don't think it's that desperate at some moment But you know it's Neil you were good Who answers the phone or you was concerned about it? Thanks to me now. This is a client call. This is a client call. You were good on the Gilbert show. Yeah, and hey look Neil. Yeah Yeah, okay You can do it you get it out statement Larry. I have a statement to make and a question to ask. Yeah, okay statement is Yeah So only a four hour show, man Come back to the Grove. We don't want you standing in the line at Camille. But Please dump stand and to be very boring and you're great and three tears for fat rich He's not all that bad. Yeah, no, he's right up your alley lady get lost, okay Talking about all those wonderful young living and breathing beautiful people in the Grove and it's old bag calls in here Just enough to make me puke What six hello? Hello, Neil. Yeah, I got a sparkle fiery port for you. Excellent Neil, you couldn't have been more wrong about him any man that gets fired within two days must be a star He got hired by FPL to be Sunday nights between midnight and four and I just heard it on a problem on your station All right Well, the minute apologies. Okay. We apologize congratulations, Dickie you're the best more people will be listening to that show Then stand show even though stand is only there for two days. Yeah, I got news for you sir When did you have this hallucination? Well, I'll tell you one thing I got my hand across my chest And I am about to say the pleasure allegiance good do it. It's 1147 at WIOD One of those 12-neyanderthals that we had listening at night. I guarantee you we have more people even with El Presidente On last night we've had more people listening to last the two nights to this radio station We've had the last two months put together. There's an opening in Broward 524 WIOD and what in Palm Beach at 655 WIOD Alan who Alan think of some hold on We got a mobile and Palm Beach, hello, hey, Neil. I don't you wouldn't want to spend all that money while Alan was talking to China Would you not really you want to get on right away right hold on a second you'll wait right? Okay, he'll wait. He's a great American sir. No, you're ripping the bird which is fine He just have a lame job, but he has some good points against you big guys. Yeah You are a miserable guy. You do a lot of people. Yeah, those guys Joey and but and the other dudes that come in there and see you It's just Kissing but you know that yeah, but everybody's Christine you criticize yeah Jackie what's wrong with him great great guy. What are my best friends and gold no heat goal for your best friend? No I said one of my best friends Well, you rip everybody and that's right. That's right. I mean it sir. You know and you know who I'm gonna rip now? Oh, good. You know, not got huh? Who next you? Okay, you had a wait for that? Well, that's the way it goes. I know. Don't worry about it. It was worth it though, wasn't it? Yeah, you gave it to me the other day about some Yankee owners. That's true. Yes, sir. I heard you're ready him. Okay We don't need him in the sport. Oh, he's not in need good sports in harness racing What are you racing? Of course came in ninth just like the Yankee's did to Z. Good good. Oh, I Yeah, and he's not talking to me anyway. I think Tommy harmers back how did when did he sneak into town? What's going on here? I don't know. I guess it's snowing in Chicago See at a 38 to one shot that just missed last night came in second. What the hell is going on with this guy? I believe it and I wasn't even here for the first time. I was with Rebecca Paul from the lottery Hmm, and let's let her know What happened of our paramutral industry. Yeah, do you tell her to keep her lottery tickets out of the track? By the way, well, of course we we didn't like it till it's they've done two good Three billion dollars and two years you know and oh, well, you know what they say a suckers born every minute Yes, the gear we got a big payoff going on here. Yeah. Did I hear it? It's up to 20 28,000 the super the And you're so pretty super. I super that's it and we also know it worked great the other day a satty night And you haven't been here, so I don't know but we gave up five thousand dollars don't you think I do your spot challenge? You think I'm living in a vacuum or not? You think it is because you don't see my fat ugly face that I don't know what's going on at Pompan Oh, but you're getting built to your table your cover charge Give you a cover charge Why don't I come up there tonight as matter fine? My daughter's birthday. We'd like to have you well great. That's wonderful and I love you. Okay Thank you. See you. That's what Joey said too It's 1153 a Wiod we have an opening in Broward 524 9463 524 mung and In order of time, jick is column and we also had a call just before these last two in Cupid call You lie in your column. I have no problem. My credibility needed in my read is well, that was pretty weak Let's see who's around the wild it That speaks for itself. Okay, that was the good cut. Let's go to a four-laterdale. Hello. No, yeah Got a question in a comment. Yes, sir. I'm reading the paper here on the same page You were about the feral in major out or yeah, yeah I'm actually read down a little bit It says the cubs are gonna be broadcast on channel 34. Yeah, but that's in Ford Pierce So that's great if you sit under the tower. Yeah, if the wind's blowing just well, you know the Sun Sentinel Panders to a Palm Beach County so much and I guess if you're way up in Palm Beach County You can pick up 34, but down here. We don't even know what that. It is Well, that's great even if you got a satellite, but it also says that 39 still might do some weak night games Yeah, might might might be it could be it ain't it ain't yeah Go see and hell I know the question I got somehow accidentally roped into being on Alex's studio audience great now Got it you got any tips or is there any warnings that I should have before I go in or well Once they're gonna be tomorrow. I wear loose clothing tomorrow. Well next Tuesday Well in that case we're some tight clothing. Okay. I don't know what to tell you I mean the audience in the early part of the week you get like four or five. It's pretty grim Well, I tried to get in on the viral by course Don't you think that if he's gonna do a live studio audience wouldn't it be better if they took and again I'm not trying to program his show But like yesterday at specs we had hundreds and hundreds of people. I mean all together We had a tremendous turnout wouldn't it be more fun if they took it out in the row where they could get like a whole bunch of people and the studio audience could react For real instead of like five or six people making a barnyard sounds Yeah, I would probably better how big is the studio how many people small small It could if Maxic and hold about a dozen people in here very We're very like ventilated clothing. Okay. We get free food, right? Because it gets real close. Yeah, you get free food. You get fed. That's why you're coming right? Yeah, of course. Okay. Neil Yes, I have no life. Okay, I like your refreshing honesty. See you around all counts. I came out of the closet Excellent go back in it's 1156 a WIOD We have an opening in Broward 524 mong and in Pobbeat 655 9463 Where the hell is Gilbert? What happened at Gilbert? Melvin what happened to Gilbert? Oh, and I don't go shiny Gilbert. Okay, I mean we don't want to write off the bath, but if Gilbert calls now we got to have Gilbert Oh Melvin is oh look at that I didn't realize that you're right Melvin is on a way out lady. You're right Put that Gilbert on the phone Melvin God. He's like a celebrities call every other show in town This is the show that he made his claim to fame yesterday with an incredible performance and you cut him off Oh my god Tom Ryan's ant row row how you doing? Hi Neil how are you? Are you really Tom's ant? Yes, I am well he is a panic I can't wait for this show tonight, but I just called the show tonight. What's your tonight? Not a swing dude. Oh That Tom Ryan see I'm all confused. I thought it was Tom Ryan. I've used to be on with Dick Burton No, Tom Ryan from not slanting. Yes. He's looking better every week by the way I know anyway, I just called to say you had a great show yesterday Well, I'm glad somebody did I thought we had a phenomenal show yesterday and all anybody today wants to talk about his Dick Farcle and what a jerk I am. That's about it. No way Gilbert was really funny. He had my whole office hysterical Yeah, too bad that Melvin didn't put a mom when he called today, isn't it? Did he cut him off? Yeah Give him the old shine. Oh no, what a maniac. Oh well. So I only hope for success and we're hanging up on him Well we'll be watching tonight with baited breath. Oh, that's right I can't go to pop it overnight. It's Thursday. It's not slanting. I'm not gonna tape it We're like a watch it at the track, but that would be that they're asking you Especially when I have my face right up against the screen. You know, I'm doing version Cause a pad Peter said might just make a brief scene or two tonight Anyway, all right, you have a good one. I heard that they were gonna grease his body up with olive oil tonight But that's just a rumor Have a great day. You too. See ya. Okay. Look at that phone. That's pretty depressing Forced thinking calls so you've changed you people here have changed the whole tone of this show today And I'm pretty Distraught and where the house might check to by the way Thursday we don't even have fat yent or rich here to go downstairs and raise how I get my check and make a big scene and jump up and down on the table and cause an earthquake All three lines in Broward wide open like the Dead Sea five two four W-I-O-D five two four nine four six three Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, how you doing now? Right. Yeah, I was at the remote yesterday had a good time Great. Well, I'm glad somebody It seems like this audience is disconnected from that Anna's got my check in there, right? Oh, no, do we have it made the transfer yet? Okay, we have to send the brings truck no check? I don't know what you're talking about. I don't want to hear about it, Anna. It's too depressing. I don't want to hear about it Yeah, I'll take a loan from Larry King I want to thank you for the picture you gave me for my girlfriend. You bet. That was pretty nice pretty nice Do I know who you are you're not the guy who's wearing a orange shirt, where yeah, that's me. Oh, Jay's Everybody was talking about you. They said it in this guy's got a day 524 W-I-O-D and Broward or 655 and 278 W-I-O-D in the Palm Beach Other areas may call collect the opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station And now here's Neil Rogers on new start radio 610 W-I-O-D This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be Don L Jackson and today we're going to spell the word Confence. Felted with me now. Confence is the O-N-F-E-N-F-U-S Now let's you this in a fit Because what you say those cops consent us to jail This is loaned to spell with Don L. I'll be Don L Jackson This is what we're coming through. Yeah, I'm friend so 12-06 and W-I-O-D The lady with the dog is on a phone. Hello. Hi. How's Tara? Oh, she's just fine. Oh, that's good In the Jackson from Gilbert. So I had to take her home. Yeah, well Gilbert's okay. Okay in small doses Yeah, I think he got a little bit to her But he had a good time And so I can't hear you at all. Are you on some kind of a two bit phone? Probably And hear me now. Just not not real good. Oh, okay. Is that bad? Yeah. Okay, I'll tell you Yeah, okay scream into that little thing it helps. Yes. Now it's probably a deep phone So in May? Yes, it was a lot of fun yesterday. I thought so. Yeah, but I guess I was wrong Why? Well, I don't know the audience today seems like they got a whole different agenda This is not this is not the logical follow-up to yesterday's remote But then in his town nothing is never ever a logical follow-up It all it all went down the toilet when the guy from Newt times was here today. Thanks to him and Nick And we've never recovered from that No Well, you have to watch out for those people. Yeah Problem makers professional Problem makers gonna write this sensational story the real story Behind the firing of the bird through a bird's eyes A bird's eye view Which one the new one you got a new one now a new one? We do No Gilbert's not gonna be the bird. We don't want things I've learned you don't let these people overdo it. Okay Because then they just they're like a whirling dervish to get out of control and they're all over the place and then they stop being funny and there's no novelty anymore And it just wears out real quick believe me. It did never never spoil a good thing Right Well, anyway, I have to go But I just want to call and say hi. Okay, give Terramai a love tell her the tiny and when he send the loving kisses Well, be fine if they get together, but I guess he sort of zero to first side down to music Okay When Of course it could be oh yeah, they're both looking very sleek and feminine these days the operational do that Yeah, have a great day. Okay. You do 1209 at W i o d we have an opening in day one in Broward Okay, as we try to rebuild little momentum and recover from being thrown off right at 10 o clock this morning at about five of And we certainly want to thank the very nice people over a new times Albert Stern Howard's brother no doubt Maybe he came here to sabotage the show Albert who writes for new times That's what I always wanted to be when I grew up was a writer for new times magazine in Miami And just fabulous. I mean talk about making something out of nothing the bird gets even Is what it's all about for I sure hope he does get even hope he gets a big job Maybe he can be Dickie Farkel sidekick on ftl. That would be a match made in heaven Boka yeah, hi, I knew this is a non-appused caller from Boka Uh-huh That's the first one you have confirmed about he kept saying to me now this is a client call It's a client call now it's not a client call. Okay first time I've had the courage to call you Well, they're listening to you from when you were on am to fm and back to am and I'm going back to fm. I'm going back to fm The problem is I live in a condominium in Boka and we cannot get am because of all the steel beams here So I have to write around in my car all day to enjoy listening to you Well, did you ever think about do you have a place outside there where you could take a little Sony walkman and sit down and So come some raise and do you know I don't mean on the fifth floor, you know it gets so breezy here. You know I look at No, I don't mean on the fifth floor. Don't you have air you in a complex? Yeah, it's called that you have a little pool area down there where you can go and sit with all the enters and have a Sony walkman on So you have a hot mind on a talk you I don't have a mobile phone for the pool Oh, and it's in other words you're not one who listens you just want to talk No, I listen to you constantly I didn't have a car issue call you, but now I have to go to anybody understand this I had to go to the period on this this morning and so I think it I'm gonna call I'm glad that's great. You can always you can always pick up the station on your fillings We're very strong and dentist offices. We're almost as big as life Right, yeah, that's the old fashioned way to do it. It's yeah It's to put a little all of a sudden I'm staring to hyperventilate my Puppac is this I know what a Puppac is doing a little the middle of the you know what doing a little dance right You know I didn't want to say to you that Wrong time this is in bulk a ride. Yes, okay. That explains it A long time ago. I was stationed in Boca at the airfield, which is now at the University of Huh and Right, those days. You're kind of like a little space could that well, yeah And there was nothing here nothing but the book or time hotel and cloth. Yeah, don't we all wish you was like that now What a pubic service that would be well? Of course over the years. So many people have moved in and the density is well Listen Albert have a wonderful life. It's been a lot of well. What does make any difference? It would not make any bit straight have a night not in this case have a nice life and call us again some year Okay, when you get yourself straight in the 12 minutes past noon at WIO day We have an opening in Broward and in Boca 524 WIOD and Broward and 278 hopeless in Boca and Del Rey 278 WIOD So joke anyway 1215 at WIOD congratulations, Gail is that for publication can you answer that? Oh, that's nice. She's not the uptight and certainly a Gail just got engaged What does that mean? Oh, you're you're just brutal Melvin. Why don't you just sit down or relax and stop being so negative? Be more positive like me. We have two open lines in Broward 524 WIOD and I got to be honest with you people today I just can't believe you you will make me sick We had such a great time and such a fun and games and then the whole thing unfolds on a call to show this morning With Gilbert taking phone calls. Okay, you think he wasn't even on this show yesterday And today it's just like every other day man. It's like guesswork you never know it's like a puzzle like in a nigma Let's get those Broward lines going. Let's show some enthusiasm and some excitement It's Thursday already for crying out loud and let's have a live studio audience for Alex Bennett today And stop sitting back there on your hunch is waiting to be begged and pleaded with what they how do you people want anyway You want us to come to your house and bring the food to you is that what you want you want us to cater your life? I wouldn't be the least bit surprised And we'll be over at 330 all by the way We want to say special hello to Eric in a coconut grow who called us just recently Too bad we ran out of time Eric that could have been a hell of a call anyway Let's go to now he's a great guy. He really is I mean Eric was there yesterday with his orange tea shirt and his girlfriend I don't know if his girlfriend was with him. I guess not and I spelled her name wrong I'm so sorry Eric. I promised I'll never do it again. Let's go to a Norwood. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yeah, I really enjoy your show But then I have been last year and a half or so, but I thought it's got a little bit ruffle a few minutes ago when you are put on that Donnell tape. I think I know your show is all fun and games, but as a black person I thought that they kind of perpetually disturb you take that Sir, it's that tire sir and almost all sat tire is based on stereo types and it's a joke and it's humor And it's her fun lighten up a little bit of a great day 12 17 at Wiod we have an open line and date county with and plan those things for months So if he listens every day, I don't know why it is he just discovered it my amy hello. Hey. How you doing great? Maybe this will improve your day out there. Yes, I should have just a chili with flour and all over you. Oh Oh The worst moment of my life. I was incredible if people think you're funny on a radio They should see all in person. I know I like the best half an hour ever had in my life really well. You must have a preholt a user 27 well you must have a pretty slow life. I guess the best is yet to come so to speak Matter of fact you find an autograph for a friend of mine named Debbie Debbie and she she. Thank you Oh look at that mystery. Yeah, it doesn't a building now. Mr. Trouble maker Farritch has sat down in a Contrary didn't come in here today. I noticed he's sitting far away at a distance in the control room the trouble making Mr. Lard as himself Do that That rich let's rip on him or rip it up. Anybody else only was doing what standing on the side over there. What he did for rich Yeah, I've already eaten. Oh, I see he was digesting. He has to stand up to digest That's it hold your head in your hands you ought to be as you talk to the bird last that Mr. Yenta stopped talking to the bird Okay, he's not gonna tell you anything Other than crying your shoulder. I'm sorry, sir. I'm getting doing two conversations at once and it becomes very confusing No problem at all. Let's see was Eric still there when you were there? I don't know. I don't think I saw Eric. Eric. Yeah, you saw Eric. Come on. You were not gonna hurt your image. Come on. You don't have to be bascaleric at an orange t-shirt and blonde hair Oh, I don't know. I look like um, he looked a little like God on a good day There were a lot of very good looking young ladies in man there yesterday like I said there was something for everybody in the grow Everybody would have like great time. I think I made take over Alex's place and he can move up to plantation I'll even let him have my satellite disparate there to tell you take it out Now I live in the grow that's pretty interesting. It is pretty interesting I don't usually go anywhere near there because I get lost in the grow. I don't I'm you know I just don't get it Between the cables in the grow of all the streets like wind around it's just to confusing for me I like plantation where there's basically a university in Pine Island and sunrise boulevard and Broward And that's it. We've all got like four streets and that's it three street names, huh? Uh-huh. That's it. Okay, anyway. I just wanted to like go on. I've had you had such an uplifting time and I hope you'll come again Yeah, yeah How a good one you two. Bye. What a guy 12 19 at W. I O. D. We have an opening in the day counting now for all the fall A happy people all those great wonderful Century was people who were there yesterday. We're just exuding something 751 I mean it was you know, we've done some remote other places where the people all looked like They've been let out for a day or two like from our Katie or somewhere But this was a pretty interesting crowd in the grove and I take back everything I've said about the grove being pretentious and plastic and make believe Because even though it's true if I say those things then I'll ever speak to me again. Carol City. Hey, how you doing today great? Okay, you know I've been monitoring for the last month I have come up with a list of the top 15 douche bags for the whole month. Yes, sir Okay, I start off at number one different from the bottom from the top Well, Letterman always starts from the bottom and since you're a lot of people out there that think Letterman is hip like our Senior than probably want to start from the bottom. Okay. Let's start from the bottom number 15 is McBean number 14 is Lee Follard number 13 is boy Gary number 12 is Rick Sanchez number 11 is fat rich Now the top 10 number 10 of course grew my favorite Joey Reynolds number nine the commissioners of Miami Beach number eight the bird number seven new holds number six the city of plantation number five Excuse me number five Nick Lawrence don't crack now you're getting close Sorry over five Nick Lawrence number four 10-year-old number three gigferal Number two me and number one your new neighbors Excellent job sir Excellent Robert Stern guy yeah, he's he screwed up my whole day today messed up my whole day. I don't know who's worse the fat rich your Albert Stern Is he a brother of Albert Spear? No Howard Stern How are you Mark's first with the next list? Thank you sir. Good job. Good job 21 pass noon a WIOD and we'll continue with your oscillating calls in a second We have an opening in date County 7519463 dollars at Dick Pertente by the way, Melvin you got it You got a firm grip on it. Okay. Uh, if the gold and oldies son more oldie than gold and it's time to trade in your audio equipment for something brand new At sound advice body and everything. I mean, this guy's got it all God sir you should be just about ready to go into programming right now I think in fact there could be an opening any minute We do have an opening in Palm Beach. I know that it's 655 WIOD 655 Drek And let's so what are we talking? Oh, just doing a regular old break now This is the kind I like rocking sit back put my Bear feet up on the table and stick them in fat riches face and the just relax Miami heat head coach Ron Rothstein is You Okay, it's 12 38 at WOD that's what we ought to do every day. It's about 12 30 We ought to do the loop off and we'll put two endless loops on together and just see which one holds out Here's a mobile in Miami Yeah, you know me and my buddy Demorino we're like we're hanging out and we just don't like the way you make it fun of Alex You know what I mean, yeah, well, he's a big with the dolphins sir. Yeah, but you know You know the guy on the Don Chil or this person you told everybody gives us guy a week couple weeks I've given us guy a couple weeks hey, you know And if I carry you say well, everybody's trying to suck up to me. Oh, back to you. You're good. You know, I mean even a good brickware If he's the best it's good to watch well, you're gonna go in into that his man You're good on the radio but I like to lay something before I die anyway, but this guy I mean, is he's not me? Why but let me ask you something what you like him? I don't like you. I don't know. Excuse me. I don't know him personally. You might be no I mean a show. No, I do not like a show. Okay. I tell you what I like I like you Yeah, even though you could even though you didn't like him or whatever You can only because of course we all like to hey listen Steven I got along Okay, well, he was here. I mean he was only problem when he was here He was stubborn and kept putting his same boring guests up, but Steve the did okay You know, but you did like you know, we all like to at least I do All the one is he would be honest with you when Steve was here though, man You audience hated him like poison. So I don't know why all of us I always like that's the listen to me. That's the problem with the audience here if we put on a All of a sudden you like B if we fire a we put on B then you want see You know, we fire B and we put on see then you want a back What people say they didn't like in the fact of matter is everybody likes with facialism That's what they're by the inquiry that's what they want Yeah, but let me let's face it He was entertaining you're your lady was not sensational after the 20th cup. You know what I'm saying Yeah, but you're good. This guy me is probably a great guy, but he's just very well I don't see how you make it such a totally uptown like Sam's Such a one Hiptown like Sam's this guy. What makes you think San Francisco's a hip-town because there's a lot of queens there Is that what makes you think it's all the way your play was worth no seriously why do you think it's such a hiptown What I'm california now I think it's a lot of BS I just think supposedly like Los Angeles is that a hiptown Los Angeles is a nightmare It's like the end of the world now. It used to be pretty well I'm trying to say those you got a lot of people that you know, see what I wear to get you know Quick witty in this guy. I don't say how you made it there. You know, I just the guys just blah Well, I think you ought to give my chance. I think you ought to get out of your If I buy a deal okay God, they're brutal they aren't don't blame me I mean, what the hell do you want me to you want me to hang up on all these colors? Is that what you want? They are hostile and I don't get it I don't get it because I got news for you no matter what it is And like I said before I'd I'd set it in a hurry I want to lay this out and I want you to think about it and absorb it including the people in management who you know They absorb like a wooden sponge they absorb nothing But the fact of the matter is that radio for the most part Like television is bigger more like television people are into programs not naturally if you're programming a station You'd like to put on a half of dozen people during the day and have them be as Likeable in other words, haven't be as successful as possible so that the audience you don't get a lot of tune out Okay, that's that's the goal to keep people tuned in locked in but the fact is that the best way to do that is to have people who eat Bring their own specific audience. I'm telling you that I don't care what any of you tell me Can and I did not have a big crossover. I just tell you that and I don't think Raderian I got any big crossover either. I could be wrong But I don't think so and then of course they get the arbitron and they show all the The hour that people tune out and when they tune in all of a sudden I am sorry you're never gonna convince me of that I think that each personality basically Develops his own audience and it's just like the thing with Bill Carter on 2 AM bills are gonna Friend of mine. I've talked about him. I give it a more publicity than his own station because there are a bunch of geeks over there But the bottom line is yeah, he's got some of my listeners who tune him in But he has basically got his own audience people alike Well he does he's got a lot of people that hate my guts and that doesn't bother me because they're it's not supposed to be Everything is a spin off of the Neorodges audience. That's a bunch of crap I don't I resent that I don't like it because I think it's a fallacy to begin with people who like this Listen to it and there's some people I hate this show listen to it because it feels avoid in their lives But but generally speaking people like this show Whether they like me personally or not is not relevant but they like me show they listen to it People are like reniery and that are used to him and comfortable with him and like to wake up with him in a morning And like his dry humor and like the different stick They listen to us in the morning, okay, and that's it shows radio shows people who listen to stand I am telling you and I know he doesn't believe this, but I believe this with all my heart I don't think there are that many Neorodges people who are stand major listeners. I really don't and The fact of the matter is that when I was on Zeta in a morning Different time period different frequency Different band even and Stand was on in the afternoon. I mean around two separate radio stations and he was still doing fine And I don't think that was mostly the Neorodges audience that was the stand major audience And that's how this business works and yet the people in programming and a lot of you people out there don't understand that And I just I just think that's the way it is you have to develop your own thing and you can't just suck along on somebody else's Coatails it doesn't work it doesn't happen Because we're all different if we all did the same thing all day long then there'd be a different story and by by this time of the day It'd be so tired of it you bust the radio and half and ever tune it on again or be you'll be old Right right, okay, that's what I like is agreeable colors and dear field So this is with palm I don't care it says dear field on my screen so consider yourself in dear field all right What it says All right, I like about Melvin. I'm on five. Are I? Oh, I don't know what I'm on. Are you in West Palm? How did that happen? Both my off lights are on the board is all screwed up Are you in West Palm? Yeah, I'm in West Palm. I'm at Stewart X. Hold on hold on just second hello Dear field you're in dear field all right hold on second, okay? Okay, you know mine Because you were supposed to be next, or I know that but you're okay, right? Yeah, I'm okay Okay, he said a wait for you sir. I think you're is getting a little twitchy because I'm going through all of this very heavy Programming crap, you know, and I get very him go first. I'm a big call. Okay, hold on he said he'll wait No, yeah, I was mine. I think I pressed the wrong button. They don't panic him. Yes. Yeah, excellent remote yesterday It was gray wasn't it yeah What the silver was really good? Yobber where is yobber? What happened to Gilbert call now I mean, I'm in Korea. Hey call first thing this morning in Melvin gave him the brush off. Yeah. Oh, man I can't believe it after what he did for us now. Yobber. It's feelings. You're gonna be hurt I mean, you can't have Joey show. I love Gilbert man. He made our whole show yesterday because those other three that showed up I'm serious what they added to that show is like what my dogs do in the backyard every day Really Um the lineup. We got now. It's good. Yeah, what the hell's everybody catching about what the hell do they want? We've got stand back on for all the stand people and what what is it that they want? Yeah, I heard yesterday was they get rid of sparkle exactly. I mean, it's that's like there should be worth 80 points alone So what the hell do these people want? They're never happy. They're never satisfied I got a message you mean a message before I go. Okay, I'm a ray pop the doos back. Okay, sir Excellent call That was worth waiting for right now. You shouldn't even took that call. Oh come on. He was at least quick Isn't it yet? Well, whatever you said he was an idiot while let's see about you, sir Let's see what your credentials are. I want to know who this guy was that was down there yesterday Which I was listening and then and he don't want what the barber who wants her choice who was the clown? Who was he you mean Gilbert Gilbert? Are you you're complaining about Gilbert? I'm to buy him. I mean don't hang up on me because I I'm just giving him a opinion a guy was an idiot What I mean a grown man? Well, he was concerned about he kept saying to me now is this a client call is this a client call? Well, he was concerned about he kept saying to me now is this a client call is this a client call? Hello, yeah I just played that to give you a chance to redeem yourself to change your mind. Gilbert was tremendous Wow, Gilbert was hysterical. You don't think Gilbert was funny the way you make it sound like he carried a show I didn't say he could well, he did carry the day. I mean I don't have we don't have Gilbert on every day But he was funny as hell if you really get these people who start calling and say that didn't come down there just listen all right I'll tell you what hold on a second. Okay. Hold on all right. Let's clear all the other lines I'm sorry. I apologize for doing that. Okay. You're the only one on hold now, right? Don't now don't hang up because I did this for you hold on hold on okay now all the other lines Let's fight our real quick Did you if you heard yesterday you if you didn't hear show yesterday then bug off, okay? If you heard yesterday show and you heard Gilbert and now one of those suspects Positive or negative or something like that, okay? Hello Hi, I heard the show. Yes, what did you think? I thought it was silly, but I had a lot of fun at work Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Hello Hey, it was okay. Little too much though. Okay. Thank you very much. Sure, but I hello Gilbert sucks. Hello Hello, yeah, I didn't like it at first, but he grew on me like a fundus Okay, well he looked a little like a fungus. Thank you. Hello Hello, I thought it was great. I'm very fine complement to your show. Thank you sir. Hello What the hell do you want exactly hello? He was okay for a few minutes, but after that you should adopt him. Okay Hello Okay, now there was a call are you listening sir? Yeah, okay hold on okay listen I'm doing this just for you how many other people have I ever done this for I don't know just because you're such a Gentleman in the scholar and a pain in the ass hold on Okay, let's go to a date. Hello Come on you can do it Wilbert Wilbert. Okay He's auditioning hello. Yeah bring Gilbert back. Okay. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah Gilbert Parkle and Bennett to talk we love you stand. Okay. You say what? Oh changes pal. Okay. Hello Come on Gilbert call later. Hello Gilbert is God. Okay. I must have been Mike. Hello. Hi, no. Yeah. He was fabulous. I agree. Thank you. Okay. Hello Gilbert is great. Thank you sir. Hello. No. Yeah. I think Gilbert sucks. He's the pantry. Okay. Hello. Yeah, yeah. Gilbert's great. Okay. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. He was real good yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. He's in the bird. What the hell did it? Oh boy. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Only is. Good one. Hello. Great. Almost as good as double click. Okay. Hello. Gilbert has got to go. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I want to say Gilbert was great yourself. The show yesterday was a great start on. Thank you, sir. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Are you doing okay? Gilbert's wonderful. Okay. Okay. Oh, God. Hello. Yes. Well, he got me going. Oh, bad. Sounds like it. Dave. Gilbert is the name of my penis. Hello. I remember with kids you saw. Okay. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Gilbert was great. Thank you, sir. Hello. What's the question? Hello. He was hysterical. Hello. Okay. Hello. He was a brush of fresh air. Thank you. Good one. Hello. Gilbert, take that. Okay. Hello. Gilbert is in the sky. Okay. I believe it could be. Hello. What? Who? What? Gilbert's the best. Okay. Hello. Hello. Yes. He was the best I've ever heard. Okay. Ronnie. Hello. I like him. Oh, bad. Hello. Come on, Stan. We're short on time. Okay. Put Stan on hold. Hello. You're Gilbert a contract. Okay. Hello. Yeah. Tell Gilbert not to buy a house. Okay. Oh. Are you listening, sir? Yes. Okay. Hold on. Now we had a little break to do. And then we'll come back and we'll finish out the hours. We continue with our very important. This is like a focus group right on the air ladies and gentlemen. It's 1251 at WIOD. We'll be right back. 1254 at WIOD. The fact rich was doing his recollections of yesterday's remote. And of course he mentioned the food for monies was tremendous. That was the one thing he keeps talking about. Okay. You're ready to listen carefully, Noster? Yes. Okay. Hold on. WIOD. Yeah. Gilbert sucks. Thank you. Okay. So thank you very much. Hello. Gilbert was the best. Hello. Hello. Gilbert was great. Tell him. Yes. Tell him, audio. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Don't. Great. I just want to tell you this is Britson Collins. I just started listening to the beginning of this week. Shocking. I walk around with my head to the right now. I'm at work. And you know, I've been listening to that app name. And they played the same song over and over. Yeah. So Honduras, the word is Ponderister. It's terrible. Ponderister repetitious and disgusting, nauseating, revolting, humiliating and degrading. Yeah. So I said, what the hell? I'll try AMOLED. Yeah. What? I love your child. I think it's great. I'll listen to Alex right out. Yeah. Excellent. And you know, I just want to say, you know, you did a good job yesterday. It was terrific. Yesterday was one of the great shows in history. And a lot of these people are calling in to try to port Luke Warren water on it. I'll tell you what. I said, there was my walkin on nobody can hear me. I'm just sitting there fussing up laughing. Nobody knows what's going on. No good. I probably put you away in a couple of weeks. But you'll have a good time. Hey, everybody else who hasn't walked inside trying to get them to tune in too. Excellent. Thank you. All right. Yeah. Good day. That's our promotion here at WIOD for this show. Walkman's. Hello. Oh. Graphic. And here. Speaking. I think you should put Gilbert on from April 11 and put Stan on afternoon drive again. Okay. Next Monday. Hello. What's wrong one? I don't know what I'm doing here today. Hello. That's Mr. Gilbert. To you, Johnny. Oh, thank you. That was cute. That must be my next door neighbor. Hello. Thank you, man. Excellent. Hey. Hello. Hey, welcome your giver. Kailapine grande. Oh, okay. Boca. Yeah. Every time I hear Gilbert is Broward. Don't be for president. All right. Couldn't be could had to be an improvement. Broward. Hello. Yes. Gilbert's a natural high. Okay. Broward. I think we could use one on new format. And have you seen Rick and Sputty? Yeah. Lately I've got the check for me. I haven't been by or anything with story. Well, they're busy eating and they're trying to stock up like squirrels. You know why hats off to you buddy. Okay. Good. Don't tip it. Don't bend over. They're county. Oh, Gilbert. Stop. Haha. Oh. Broward. Gilbert was super just super. Thank you, Bobo. Dave. Oh, Neil. Was that Ron Shainjohn? I get him confused. Is Gilbert your new resident's peak therapist? Yes. Thank you, Doctor. Okay. We'll see you around. Broward. Come on. Let's get with it. Sir. We don't have all day here. Gilbert? Yes. Thank you. Broward. Who's bigger? Dan Reno. Vinnie test a verdict. Well, that will be telling you the answer. That when she gets your new show pretty soon on WOLD. Dave. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Speaking. It's me. Okay. Kind of groom me like a yeast infection. Okay. Listen. I have a good doctor for you. Boca. Yes. This is WABC New York. 77 on your dial program director. Yes. Yes. Gilbert here. He's ready to do morning drive. You ready for him? We want him for six to ten, sir. AM. Exactly. He works alone, by the way. Okay. Where could put me on hold? Okay. We'll give you his number. Dave County. Hello. Hello. Hello. He's a super guy. Okay. So what do you think so far? Yeah. Oh, I got where we lost the steward. Yes. Yeah. The twin man. I beg your pardon. It's the twin man. How you doing, Twit? Pretty good. Hey. Gilbert's great. Yep. And Mike and drives 56 is the fastest douchebag. Okay. Good job, Twit. All right. Yeah. Okay. You're lived up to his name. Dave County. Yeah. Gilbert is magnificent. Okay. Well, listen. I'm glad you two are having a good time together. Broward. Yeah. He made a poor Virginia sound like big barrel. Well, at least part of that anyway. Broward. No. Wait. Gilbert. You'll be a little later. Little later. We want to save the big stuff for the end. Dave County. Gilbert was put terrible. Oh. Palm Age. Come on. Gilbert. Okay. Well, we don't want to get too personal now. Broward. Gilbert, you're the greatest. Okay. Well, there you go. That's kind of like a little mixed bag for you there. A little sampling. That's your own WOD on the air focus group. We're going to be doing that frequently from now on. Tomorrow we're going to be doing an Alex Bennett focus group for about 30 seconds. Anyway, all Deborah Martinez is in there. She is just ready to dazzle you with that hot news and just get all the guys out there, worked up to a frenzy and then we'll come back with our gigantic big one to two Alex today with Tommy's mother's comic Keith Ferranney, Barney and some another guy you never heard of and then a sunny and joe on sports talking 605 and Stan Major with more audience in one night tonight and Farco had in three months. I thought if someone should get instead of having the picture autographs, someone should have those thumbers to cook this for Hannah. I think from now on when they come up, I'm going to autograph their body or something. You know, like a tattoo? Because there were a whole bunch of people who are yesterday. I would love to have autographed their body. I'm... I didn't see any of those people. Well, I had all the pens and what perspective you're coming from, sir, trust me. I'm supposed to. And one last comment about... Hey, look, you're wrong. You must have been two-end to Gilbert, I'll tell you because there was something for everybody there yesterday, believe me. There were beautiful people. That's really worth it. All right, I hope you enjoyed your food. Our food was was available. It wasn't the same wonderful food that you were eating. Well, of course, now, you're just the peons. We're not going to give you the good stuff. We just give you the leftovers. All right. What was the last? The price was right. Glad you had a wonderful time. Thank you, life. Okay, by the way, before I forget, would you, uh, snore around a little bit and, um, as your usual get to the fashion? This is the guy that came from Palm Beach that was after Rick from Rick and Pust to take the Neil Rogers T-shirt off and give it to him. He was very demanding, but he wasn't a bad guy. And I promised him that I would see to it that we mail him one of those T-shirts to get him off our So please take care of that. It is an attempt to try to make up for the disgusting. A victor was the board-op boy Gary Jr.'s intern, victor. He looked a little like one of boy Gary's people. Anyway, it's a 12 minutes after one at Wali had a kind of a desperate look. I mean, is this what we're coming to a client call, a physical client call? Well, he was concerned about he kept saying to me, now a physical client call, a physical client. Okay, 115 at WIOD, let's go to Broward. Hello? Hello? I wonder if he could help me. Well, I'll show you the best try. Okay, I know that now you will. I know that Neil Rogers is doing a lot for the homeless. And I have a lot of clothing for men, women and children. I've gotten the same way to contribute. Is there any place that I can bring this? Where are you? In Fort Lododale. Um, Salvation Army would be delighted. Well, would they? Do they give directly to the homeless? You know, I sure absolutely. I called an organization yesterday and they said they put the clothing in a flip shot. Now I have a lot of things that are new and I would really break the homeless to get them. I don't want it to be sold. Oh, I see. So I would like to. Why don't you call up Camillo's house in Miami? And if they, because I know they'll put stuff up and if they can't use it, they'll tell you where you can take it or where you have their phone number. You have the number, Melvin? No, we'll get it for you. Just because you're so nice. Thank you. Oh, you can thank me. Now this is a client call. This is a client call. You were concerned about all you was concerned about. He kept saying. I just have it on low level Marvin so we have something on the air. Okay? Why are you getting me at the number? What seems to be taking an incredible amount of time? Or he is so slow. Here we go. 3, 7, 4, 3, 7, 4, 1, 0, 6, 5. Why now thank you very much? You thank you. Okay. This is a client call. This is a client call. Well, you have concerned about I know. It's 117 at WIOD. We've done screenless. We've got a line in Broward and a line in the line of Broward. Like I said, not ringing. There it goes. Boy, that was pretty disturbing for just a second, Broward. David. Hello, this is Phil Boot. Hi, Phil Boot. How you doing? Okay. And you're driving us nuts, Phil Boot. And Gilbert is my hero. Hold on, okay. I'm like your 50 dollars now, Gilbert. No? But he promised. You promised Gilbert. Okay. Let's go to a date county. Hello. Gilbert needs an animal. Well, I know just who's ready to give it to him sir. As they say in OGists it's in the bag. Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah I know when I'm from Stewart I'm the one that got cut. Oh I'm sorry about that. I know what happened. I went back to you there and all of a sudden you were going. Yeah I got cut off. Well what that you got cut off? I got cut off. Well I know you must be Jewish. Yeah. So if you really take a listen to all those colors, most of them call. I ask you a personal question sir. Are you circumcised? Circumstall. Okay. I'm not Jewish. Oh. Go ahead. It was just a little joke. I mean a real little joke. Go ahead. Oh come on you cut them. Hey listen. I know the do we know the deal. Okay you're not full up and Stewart gets serious. Hey I get you ready. Me to say that the blame and Stewart don't get circumcised. Where are you from originally? Majority. Oh New Jersey and you're telling me you're not circumcised? I'm not. Are you not? It hangs all of a time. No I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to hear about it. I had enough with Joey yesterday. I don't want to hear about that. Go ahead now. What about it? So what do we finally come up with? Did he carry or not? I say no. Carry me. What? He wasn't there to carry anybody. He was there to do. You were talking like he carried the show. I did not say that. I said that he made it a lot of fun. Oh he, you know, he had a lot more fun than Rick and put some Joey. I'll tell you that. Well, three deadheads who sat around and looked stupid. From the phone calls you guys. You had to see that not a lot of people like them. You're nuts. No. You're crazy. I thought he was funny as hell. Well, listen, let me, you weren't there though, right? Right. The live audience was on the floor and I was shot a jumped off the table and gotten on the floor with him. Some of them believe me. I hate to keep repeating that, but it's true. But no, they were having a great time. I don't know what you're talking about. Maybe you just didn't come over on radio. But you like them. Don't you understand, with this audience no matter what you ask about half of the people call and say it's such just to be more on. Don't you understand that? So the fact that anybody called him and said they liked it as a tremendous plus. It's more than Alex has got gone. Yeah. Would you have them back again? Wait a minute. We have an artist rendition here. I've yesterday at Spacch's just a moment. This is from Michael Hold on a second. This is an honest, a guy like paintings. Look at that. Take out and coconut grove by Michael something or other. Oh, there's his card. Michael Heismen, attorney at law. And it has, look, it looks like a scene from animal farm by George R. Well. There's fat rich in there's me and there's melvin crouching down, shovin a food in his face behind the phone. It's excellent. Thank you, Michael. So what's your, what's your verdicts here? What do you want? What do you want from my life? Come on. He was bad. I'm not going to say he was bad because I thought he was a panic. I thought we had a great time with him. Isn't that funny? All those sucklings calling it on call or show this morning. He put Gilbert on for, I don't know how long his only heard part of it. And everybody that called in had been listening yesterday or some of them were even at the remote. They all loved it. Well, he said the same thing. And now on my show where we had him on, it's like, well, he sucked. He was boring. He's saying, take me out to the ball game. What? 30 times? Three times. How many? Three. Oh, come on. Three. I listened for two hours. I heard it over three times. That's all he did it. All right. Well, my question. I'm going over to the Bahamas. What is your question? You've been on here for the longest, pondress times. What is it? Am I a good caller? Well, I don't know. Even on so long I forgot. What's the I've been listening to? Okay, today you've had two people call that they just started listening a week ago. Well, thank God for that. That's because of that heavy duty promotion from WIOD and our promotion department. Well, no, actually the one thing I can't complain about our promotion because we don't get any. Well, no, the other good one guy called he had a good call. It was on for about 15 minutes. He was a good caller. But 15 minutes. Yeah, the one guy he called, you know, you know, telling you he had only to listen for about nine days. Yeah, well, he was not 15 minutes. You're you you've been on 15 minutes, but not him. You've been on a half hour. He wasn't good call. All right. In other words, you're going to tell me who is good as a guest who's good as a call. You can be like the choreographer of the show. Anyone? No. No. Okay. It's my really what I'm in closing in closing. I'm going over to the Bahamas. Yeah. Good luck. I might not come back. I hope you make a fortune. Okay, but where do you stay when you go? Where I don't go over there. I despise the Bahamas. Reneries are one of those who's over there on all those freebies. I don't go over there. I can't stand it. Okay. And my friend wanted me to ask you. Yeah. You drive a Ferrari as I would just said. I don't own what I don't drive it. You don't drive it. No. I drive a poor. I drive a little puny poor vet. You think about going in the radio. Yeah. He said that if he drives a Ferrari, you must make good money. Yeah. So you're this true. You make good money. So what does that mean? I make a lot of money. So what does that mean? He's going to make a lot of money because he's some Shulamper wants to be on radio and get a soft job. Tell him to get serious and get a life. Get a job. See ya. Okay. Well, it's been fun talking to you. Well, I'm glad it was good for you. See ya. Take a bite. Bye bye. God. 22 after one at WIOD. He's got to find his home on a shelf. And he knows never looking back again. It's mongers and it's boring. It's hardly less a snoring. We're tired of hearing how the bird got a screw. He's the man on the bird now. He's the man on the bird now. He's the man on the bird now. He's the man on the bird now. He needs to find a job now. He's running out of doors so he's yakking like a loon. 30 from a friend. 30 from a friend. 30 from another that the first time around. Boom. Okay. 28 after one at WIOD. He's going to be our poll question tomorrow. Who do you want? Gilbert, the bird are joey. And we ought to have a tremendous response for that. Okay. We're doing little screamers between now and two. Booking Palm Beach is started ringing. We better grab it. Hello. Yes. Can you please? Sure. Yeah. Hello. Yes, Frank. How are you, sir? Wonderful, sir. I heard you talking about me over the radio. About your t-shirt. I exactly. Well, Rich, took you. He's going to take care of it personally. Okay. I didn't care about Rick or wait a minute. What is that? What now? What's Melvin saying? No. No shirts in house. He says who? There's not one left. You want me to get the next batch? Well, someone out of my mouth may not be told two years from a circus. But as soon as we get him. Okay. Anyway. It wasn't a fact that it is they had it. That's a way. Why don't you do a name on it? Yeah. Well, I'll put my name on something instead of two. Well, I can go there and you can put your name on it. No, sir. Come on. Okay. Thoughts start getting emotional now. So you really thought there is a- Look at that. Here's a Chuck Meyer with a whole bunch of t-shirts. Melvin, you're so full of it. Take care of that right now. You'll be getting it within a matter of moments. You're Chuck Meyer has been sitting on him in the newsroom. You're one out of the guy. You really are. Say, I know it. I kept trying to tell out to Eric as to, Danny. So why just sign a picture and leave me alone already, would you? And then there was Joe and Michael there was a whole bunch of real fascinating people there yesterday. I didn't know what you were looking at. Oh, God. I just couldn't believe it. I didn't know whether to scream or eat my dessert. And you did a good job. Yeah. He didn't eat dessert. Well, that's all I did. But that's better than nothing. It's on the way, Frank. All right, and you know that I am a devoted listener. And I will continue to be one. Well, thank God for you. Okay. Have a great life. Hi. How do you like that? Well, I guess it's hope for me after all. 130 a WOD. Frank sounded a little desperate. He had a secret stage. It says, well, listen. A lot of people in this building have a secret stage. T-shirts too. What is that? Oh, look at this. Here's my check. Oh, sucking around. Try to make up. And how come you were hiding it under there? Let me just open this up and see how what it looks like. Oh, two men joys not here. So I couldn't just stick in front of all. Looks pretty good to me. I'll tell you that. Looks pretty damn good to me. Okay. We got a line not ringing and Broward and one in Palm Beach. And here we're doing screenless. Boy, how the mighty have fallen is Steve would say. Wouldn't he? And that would he would say the mighty have fallen? Let's go to date County. Hello. Broward. Okay. Broward. I would like to know if I know it's a threat. Dave. Come on. Come on. Get with it. Make it snappy. And I love you. We want to go. Okay. That's very good. That was excellent. That was like Gilbert's favorite call. Dave. Hey. Hey. What? Wrong showster. He's not here anymore. Dave County. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. He's number one. Okay. Boca. Deal. How old is Gilbert? Old enough to know better. Then what? I have no idea how good I would. My guess would be 35. I don't know. I have no idea. 33. 32. 35. He sounds like old. He wasn't too bad yesterday. He was he was fun. What if he's people why would you tell me what the hell do they want? Gilbert was sensational. I thought we had a great time. He beats the bird. No doubt about that. Oh, God. With a stick. I think he should have Gilbert's seeing take me out to the ball game during the Cubs game. Yeah. That would be great. If we can't see the game. At least we can see the song. That's right. That's right. That's right. Thank you. I thought we had a great time. I guess I'm going to have to have the audience call and tell me if I'm having a good time or not. So if the guy goes to the doctor and says, how do I feel? Let's go to a Broward. Hello. Well, well for the car. If they don't win, it's a shame. Excellent. That was Gilbert Jr. I could recognize that voice anywhere. Dave. Neil. Yeah. Terrific. Hey, listen in. Listen in. That was a good show yesterday, man. Yeah. I thought so, pal. He was excellent. How about these people? I don't know. I don't know what they're like. I like you. I like Spenet. They don't like Steve. They don't like Mike. They don't like me. They don't like Joseph's ackey. I don't know. Well, maybe they want to think you're far away. Oh, God. Well, and they deserve what they get. Hey, listen. I could have made it because I was a work man. But you know, anyways, the show is excellent. You would have been there in person. You'd have just, uh, what your pants I'm telling you. You've got nuts. Yeah. Who better miss one of those teachers? No, no chance. No. All right. Next. Okay, Neil. Good luck. See you now. They're all going to call. Would you send me one of those T-shirts? Now why did he put that down over, oh, that's not it. What do you do with it? Is he already mailing it out? Frank, it's on the way. Fat Rich is so desperate to try to make up for all of his, uh, uh, misdeeds. And boy, that's going to take a long time. That he's already going out there and getting that big vanilla envelope. Period. Look at that. He's got it right in his hand. And the envelope as well. He's going to make sure that he's going to mail it out to you. Frank, uh, just, I guess I probably should probably sign it. Should I put some little special message on there for Frank, like, Love and Kisses and put you up a little bit. No, not what are you doing. Don't go writing something on it. Cheese. What are you doing? Oh, you're writing on the envelope. God, I thought you're, not only is he trying to look like me, but now he wants to sign my name also. Broward. Broward. Okay. Up your his pal. Broward. Yes, I knew it. Yeah. Broward mortgages. Oh, it's Johnny. No, no. Is that Johnny? No. Johnny, Jr. No. Who is it? You would, you would save the date. Yeah, Gilbert saved me. I'll tell you that. We didn't have any show up. There we never do this. Send me out of those things. And, uh, like, a 10,000 claim or first time on Laceic. I mean, exactly. The Laceics is what did it for him. That's why these were little bloated. Now he was very funny. But it could remove. Thank you, sir, for your refreshing honesty. Very nice. Okay. I don't have a wonderful life. He was starting to say, Dave County. Yes, Neil. I just want to let you know. Dave County, hello. Don't be. But. Dave County, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. It was historically. Let me tell you when he tried to read that. Specs spotted. That was that all he took about six minutes. It was the longest spot they ever took. It says on the, I mean, it was fabulous. I was, I'm in tears of a lot of you. Exactly. Well, how about your face? I don't know about that. Thank you. Okay. See now they're starting to come out. You people don't know what they had you want. That was one of the greatest performances in the history of mankind. I was going to say the human race, but I think we might be stretching it. But it was great. And he said, See, they don't know what they had you want. Nothing could make you people happy for crying out loud. God. Dave County. Neil. Yeah. I know you got rid of the bird. But look, you duck Mr. Major's back. I mean, all anything he talks about is you. Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, he's been a morning off. Sick of it. Sick of it. Let me ask you a question. Yes. Do you like his show? Yes, I'm sorry. Okay. Let's go. A browner. Hello. I don't need $2,000 to the commissar if you give me a contract. Okay, Gilbert. Let's go to one of radio's most embarrassing moments by the way. Dave County. Hello. Yeah. Good luck to you. See one thing about PP and Pembroke finds. He don't overdo it. He knows how to just space it out. Some of these other people who you put them on or funny for a mineral of a sudden they're like everywhere. They just get overwhelmed. And that's one of the pitfalls. One of the dangers in this business. In fact, some of them become so immersed in their own self-importance that they actually go on other shows and start taking calls. You know what I mean? Come on, Travelin' Matt. Start up again. Call out Caller tomorrow morning and tell them I'm whipping him. Okay. You slime ball? That traveling mat for that was just I almost drove off into the bay as do they listening to that crap. 24 till two at WIOD will be right back. WIOD. WIOD. WIOD. Let's see who's around the wild. Okay, 21 till two at WIOD. And let's go. Why do I have Pambi John Hold? Is there some reason? I don't care about that. Yes, that's A-Stat. Oh, that's why. Did Koutie, hello? Hello? Don't forget my dick potent day from Detroit by the way in there, Melvin. Yes. Yes, sir. It's Neil there. Speaking. How are you? Okay. It was there yesterday. Great. And it was great. Who is this? George. George. Okay. And how was the audience doing? How about your pardon? I was a live audience doing. What live audience today? Yeah. Well, we got one, two, three, four, five cheers set up. Who's nobody down? Of course not. What? What time to make it? You're a bad George. I'm just bringing a healthy appetite. Wings plus is bringing the food and just laugh a lot. And do you get fish? Oh, well, I might be in the lobby on a way in, so it all depends on what you look like. Joey's not in the world around the right. No. Oh, man. Did you see that? That was just down. Well, for you, maybe. That was. Boy, if you ever met somebody that wears too much perfume more, something, and it gets like all over you. He wears not colon, but I think like ladies perfume. Oh, God. There's a wife, no, this. I don't think so. I think she's in the dark with Johnny. Okay. I'm going to hop on over there. Okay. You hop over here, George. Okay. Nobody. Nobody steps you on here in the way. Okay, sir. See you. Excellent. 141 at WIOD. Let's go to Boka. He said. And Boka. Bigan. Broward. I knew. Yeah. All right, listen. When you're going to bring back Dion. What are we going to bring about? Anytime he wants to be on the shows. Oh, really? I tell you. That was one of your final shows. That's worth it. He's no Gilbert, but he's pretty good. Oh, nice. But I'm sure it's. I saw more video, but I didn't want to bother the guy. He wasn't having watching Dion at the concert. November 25. Yeah. He said it was great. There was fantastic. And I'm sure you're someone's book showed the ratings that you had Dion on. Absolutely. Dion is what put us over the top. I don't know what I could have done without him. Man, I know you could buy yourself. But, uh, the odd, like when Dion's here. Well, maybe you're right. Okay. Dion is king. Thank you much. See you. Dion is one. King. Okay. I'm glad you said that. Uh, Dave County. Hey, Role? Nobody there. Broward. They do. Yeah. Are you doing? Okay. Very good question. Sure. Uh, I think you're rainous. Palm Beach. I want my cigarette. Dave County. Yeah. Yeah. Do you say no we have a car to go for Mike to, uh, hear? Sure. I was cross over man. You're Mike. Your, your, my preference is you and then Mike. But Mike used to be up in here. Maybe five years right now. And since you, you joined IOT. I haven't missed you. We want to hear shows. Well, thank God for you, sir. All right. We like those crossover guys. Oh, yeah. Yes, I have those terrible. Was Gilbert okay? No, he's the best. Okay. I was a bird bring back. Are you ever going to have a Gilbert on your show? Of course. I'm not going to pay attention to these idiots. I just want to hear his feelings. I mean, I did not work. I work yesterday, but I did not work at all. I know what you mean. I, that's how I felt. I felt like I just sat back and let him do the show is great. I like that. Hey, you did a good look. Look at a good people yesterday. Oh, they'll look good. Yeah. I grew up in hot. They're all hot. All righty. See you. 143 at WIOD. Broward. Hey. Hi. How you doing? Okay. Gilbert was terrific. What are they? Did they chance to get in the mountain commercial? Yeah, I think so. I think he ought to, I told him to call the ad team. I bet you're rush away. So, sir, I'm right away. Well, I'll tell you he was terrific. He'd be a smash. Enjoy the show, mentally. Thank you. Okay, Baba. Okay. A little screenless here right up to the bitter end. Let's go to Broward. Hello. How are you? How are you? Yeah, nearly. They'd count. He, hello. Yeah, I have to tell you. That show was bigger than the one in the evening. He just can't stop. He can't stop. He's out of control. He's psychotic. He just is everywhere. He's like a... Where are what are you even doing? This is you. You're here, Marie. Why are you going forward? Gilbert had me speechless. I have to admit he was unbelievable. That's saying a lot. And anybody who thinks otherwise isn't safe. Oh, these people are just don't understand. If they all call and see he was great, then they just... they can't... they don't have it in them. They've got a bitch in belly aching. I mean, I even got to hold his fish. So what does that tell you? I don't want to get into that. But anyway, excellent show. You did a great job. And I noticed he said that when you turned it looking to me, said something about perch. So I don't know if I can. Oh, God. It was a great show. It was one of the best. I had a great. I thought we had a tremendous time. And Rick and Suds really added a lot to me. I'm absolutely nothing whatsoever. I mean, I'm glad they got a good lunch. But boy, those two, they got to work on something like material or anything. Unbelievable. Even reading the phone book would be an improvement for those two guys. I mean, I don't know which I'd rather see Alex Bennett's trip or listen to a Rick and Suds show. Yeah, pretty close. All right. Well, listen. He was fantastic. Anybody think otherwise is insane? Good day. Okay. There he goes. Well, here from him for at least, what's the Thursday till Monday? 145 at WIO Dean, where the hits just keep on coming. Alex Bennett today, Tommy smothers on the phone, comic Keith Borny, Barney, Barney, whatever the hell his name is in the studio. And a small but select live studio audience, George, who called moments ago, sounded almost comatosis, hopping on down here, threw him a couple of flies to keep him full until he can get here and wait and bring him the food. Come on, buy and be sociable. Alex doesn't bite. At least in person, Broward. Hi, O'Roye. Great. Listen, I heard pieces of the program yesterday, but does Guy Gilbert's terrific. Yeah. Funny without trying. I don't know what these people are talking about. He's basically your perfect foil. Yeah. You can have like a Gilbert there or something, but whatever you want to process. Sure. While I don't like to be predictable, you know, I like to do it when they least expected. Surprise. Sure. Whatever it is. I mean, he's like, he's like that guy, poor shape. You know, he's got a funny point. I don't think he's trying to be funny. He's being dead serious. He comes off his parents. Just comes to naturally. All right. Well, I got to go. I'm right there in the char-hide. I'm ready to go have lunch. Well, don't get later. Have one for me. Thank you. 146, a WID, not a fat richest came up with an interesting name for him. How about Gilbert? Gilbert? That might be pretty good. I'm not going to get the cart out again. I'm too tired. 146, let's go. Well, I was pretty interesting, Melvin. What was that? Almost as interesting as this. Okay. So 11 till 2 at WID and huh? Well, listen, you know, when you're successful like you are, everybody wants to jump on your co-tails. And in your case, they'd county. No. Yeah. What's going on? How you doing, dude? We talked with my birthday, man. I did limitations of TPN, half. Yes, sir. I was excellent. I was standing. I thought they were pretty good. Wow. It was better than pretty good. You know what I'm going to do? How was your birthday, sir? It was great. Well, that's good. Which you know what I'm going to do? What are you going to do? Just having me on the list of the show lately. Why not? Well, I'm going to go buy a boombox today. Great. Because I have not heard the show for a few days, and I'm desperate. Take that boombox in the office and crank it up as loud as it will go and tell those people to buzz off. They're all in the old fan here. It's not worth it. I'll really. Everybody's dying to hear the show. Where is this? It's called the Ultimate and Travel on Corgable. But my position is, I thought, concert tickets and sports tickets legally. Great. Okay. So, anytime you need a ticket, do you see what's your ticket, man? The who? No, well, the who knows. They'll just take care of your math. Yeah, he did. We heard of you, you know. A palm of cartony. No, I tell you. You don't know John. You want anything? We'll get it for you. Really? Yeah. Well, you remember we talking about Eric who was down at the specs yesterday? I didn't hear. I didn't hear the show. We're going. Three days. I haven't heard the show. You said anything I want. You're going to get it for me. Work on that for a while. You want Eric? And Joe and Michael. Well, we're probably about 20 others who were there. I'm not choosing at this point. You're expecting Monty. That's right. Well, I'd like to check him out and see what I can do for you. Work on it for me, please. I'll do that, Neil. Have a great life. It's okay. No tryouts. 150 won at WIOD. Let's go. I hate to do that because it puts all those people in a embarrassing position to get of having me falling and drooling and dilating all over the incredible physical appearance of their bodies. They may be more ons inside, right? But I don't think so. They all looked like real great. And they all like Gilbert. So what does that tell you? Broward. Tell Gilbert I'm hunting well. Okay. Hello. Eee. Yeah. Are you doing dude? Okay. What's hanging? Who's this? Joe L. with two outs. Oh my god, who stiffed us on his birthday, no less. How you doing? Did you hear I played happy birthday for you there, sir? That was great. Yeah. But I understand all we're losing all our colors to build call. Do we understand? I couldn't make it down there yesterday. There's a good friend of mine and he needs it more than I do. Yeah. That's to make something out of that mat. Come on travel in Schmendrick. He's a douchebag. He is. And apparently he has trouble maker chronic trouble maker. You know what you know what car this should do now? What's that? Just get those are voices, those people. And just plant, you know, I see there. Put them on tape. Lester, Gilbert, traveling mat and who's the other douchebag that called Michael? Michael, yeah. That's it. And Granny in the morning. Oh, god. Oh, man. Granny odd. Is that you? No, it's your name. No. Hmm. All right. I don't have anybody to call doos. I just call myself a doosbag. Well, we certainly won't argue with that. Joel have a wonderful life. All right. Good luck to you. Good. One 52 at WIOD, the Big Palm Beach line. Okay. Boca. Hey, Gilbert is an asshole. Okay. Good one. Broward. Yellow. Yeah. I think they're trying to deal. Dave County. Hello. Broward. Uh, I don't know. I, uh, I, uh, I. Palm Beach. Stop with the chronic and stop creating no one. Dave. I guess I like him. Uh, oops. Broward. Oops. Broward. Adia, are you on A? Sorry, Johnny. I was Johnny bar Junior. That's all right. He's, uh, he's not a bad guy. Just chronic. There's nobody on here. Is there? Well, there's nobody on that line. Dave County. Hello. With Gilbert like a squice of pizza. Dave. You're doing best again. You, you, you, you, you. Broward. Hello. Hello. Yes. Me? Yeah. Uh, seven three. Dave. Hello. Oh, Gilbert. He ain't no oil. Palm Beach. Now nobody there. Boca. Gilbert, found home. Broward. He just missed it a couple of times. Today, don't forget it. He'll be on A to clock tonight with a full three-hour show. No president, no ball game. Broward. I fall on him. I can't get up. Dave. I'm sorry. I can't do that. Seems like we have an epidemic. Maybe we have a little minor tremor out there. Maybe Alex brought it with him from the beginning. He always brought it with him from San Francisco. Dave. We're dying over here. What the hell are we doing? How did I get sucked into this anyway? A boca. Broward. The bad lead. Come on. Q up. Q up. Yeah. Yeah. I forgot how to do this, too. Ah. Where the hell is that other one? By the time I find it, we'll be out of time so don't get too panicky on a phone. I can't find it. How about this one? Where? My green juice. That wouldn't be too bad. Okay. Let's try a date. Hello. About the Gilbert School of Board kissed. Broward. Why does their book move around so much? Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Oh. Oh. That was excellent. Palm Age. That's another gray day. B. Date County. Hello. Let's look at the cell. Broward. I like how I spend it. Does that so wrong? Broward. Hahaha. Alright. Just relax Gilbert. Broward. Oh. But if you swallow. B. Dave. Hello. You ask me. Why did you? Boca. Gilbert likes you when people drop this stove. B. Broward. Broward. Why? Nothing. Nothing. Uh. Date County. Hello. You're my flat calling for Gilbert. Broward. Alright, Connie. I'll be right home. Just relax. Broward. You said I see you. The guy always. Date County. Hello. Come on. Get with it. What? What is it? What? What? What? What? What? I heard it. Date County. Hello. Broward. I heard it. Broward. I heard it. Date County. Yeah. For this. Date County. Hello. For this. Date County. Hello. Come on. Get with it. Do it. Boca. Hello. Yes. Deal. What's the paper about the, uh, the codemaking syndrome going around? Pompige. Tuning brown. You're a douchebag. Broward. You're a dick. Date County. Hello. Why am I? You know who I am? You know who I am. You know who I am. You know who I am. Oh, okay. If we had about 20 minutes right, let that go. Date County. Hello. Hi, New. I got some serious. I want to discuss this. Good. Uh, Howard. Bob Gilbert. Never stole a freight train. Uh, Bob. You'll hear that. That's who that is. Boy, they put you into early retirement and look what happens, man. It's frightening. Uh, Howard. You'll be too red. That's good. Date County. Hello. You'll hear that. Where's this tree, bridge? Date County. What, what, what, what the home? To. Howard. Everything's fine. Howard. Howard. How big. Oh, where he. You know, what is it? Boca. Yeah, when it's been open up to near, uh, strength. Howard. Howard. I do need a go, but. Look at the floor dirty now. Date County. Come on, do the same thing. Howard. Neal, tell me, uh, penis. What answer to? Date County, hello. But go for it on and finish the honor. I can. Howard, hello. Would you hold on, please? Date County. Gilbert, stay on your knees. Boca. Gilbert, too. Howard. I got a West glue. I've been my team. Date County. Howard. Do your pushback. Pombie. Okay, well, listen, that's, uh, just about right. What? What? What are you writing now? Could a piece of gum on it? Is that what he said? Well, I wasn't sure. Whatever you say, hey, listen, I mean, it's your license. Howard. Do I do something wrong there? Hello. Do I do something wrong there? Hello. Yeah, I think so. Hello. Howard. Did you see what you see? Howard. Howard. Howard. Boca. Date County, hello. You're me, I'm shrinking. Okay, we usually do our last call when we do this, which we won't be doing again for a long time from Boca. Okay, and look at that. A little up just in time. Boca. The better the wire. Excellent. Okay, not bad. A little out of practice, a little bit rusty, but it wasn't all. It could have been a lot worse. Believe me, it could have been worse. Anyway, that's going to do a Chuck Meyer. Thank God for Chuck who found that stash, that illegal stash of unbelievable t-shirts under his thing in there is standing by with the two o'clock news. Alex Bennett would Tommy Smothers, Keith Barony, that, uh, small and selects studio audience. A Joseph Gacky and Sunny Hurts, Zacky and Sunny on Sports Talk in 605 and Stan Major at A to clock tonight. We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10. He runs 610. W-I-O-D.