New stock radio 610 WIOD presents Neo Rogers. To get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in days. 524 WIOD and Broward. Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neo Rogers on New stock radio 610 WIOD. I'm a codman and a codman and I trust you are true. Language State number 8. Learning how to talk to the phone company. Listen and repeat. Telephone operator. Hello and thank you for using a PNT. How may I help you? Repeat. Hello and thank you for using a PNT. How may I help you? Customer. Hello. I have a problem with my phone bill. Telephone operator. If you're calling someone named Bill, I need the last name, please. Customer. No. I don't want to phone a person named Bill. I have a problem with my phone bill. If you have a problem with Bill and don't want to phone him, perhaps you could write him a letter. No, you don't understand. You see you overcharged me again on my bill. My name is not Bill, but if you have a problem with your phone, I can connect you with customer service. No, I don't want to talk to customer service. I don't want to talk to anyone named Bill. I just want to talk to someone about my bill you sent me. That's Bill is wrong. It's got my name on it. Don't you understand? This is about my bill. Oh, you are Bill? Yeah, that's it. Hello Bill. And thank you for using AT&T. May I help you? No, no, no, no, no. Now turn this record over for language tape number nine. A ranging for cable installation. Don't be a naked. Walk it in. There's a lot of stuff there. A lot of friends. Anyway, a Melvin's out sick again today. What a shame. It's a 10-0-7 at WIDC. The Rogers here and Nick's hanging around. And we'll get some people off the street to take your things. And how about those cops? Probably won't hear from too many met's fans today. How about those cubs? A little last last night. A little late and came back. I like that Alejandro Pagno. He's my favorite. Oh, Roger picks him up real quick. What was that? Was that a crank? Oh. Oh, there's somebody there. Yes. Hello. Oh, yeah. Oh, you're there. How are you doing? Okay, hold on. I'll see Rogers too fast. He beats me to the punch on this. Of course, he's paying attention. Anyway, WIDC. We got to look at your contest. You can pick him up faster. Yes, sir? Man? Undecided? Hold on. W-0-8. Okay. Anyway, it covers B2-Mets 8-5 in case you missed it. I don't want to dwell on that because you get the met people very upset. We got a big thing coming up tomorrow. It's specs. In fact, a little lures in here right now, writing 4,000 pieces of copy. And getting everything straight now. We got all kinds of stuff down in tomorrow. We're giving away CDs. And we're giving away TCBY yogurt. And paints a lot. Come on and pick out tomorrow. Have a good time. Maybe Melville will be sick tomorrow too. He's probably packing to go to Buffalo, IOD. Okay. W-0-8. Hi. Can I get on the air? Sure, hold on. See, you're not fooling me. Those of you hang up real quick. Those are the ones that want to see if Nick is in the other room because you want to place in order because they heard Melville was sick today. Look at that phone. W-0-8. W-0-8. Do I hang up on you? Are you there? Oh, that's good. Hold on. Okay, nine minutes after 10 at WOD. I had a lot of stuff to do here, but I do this every day. In fact, I got a lot of old stuff that I wanted to play today. That I haven't played in a while. Some of it in a long time. Karts. Because I think that bugs me. Are you listening? Yes, sir. You're just there to listen? Well, I wanted to hear your monologue to see what kind of substance are topics you might have. I got a substance for you, sir. I'm sure you do. What do you mean what kind of substance? Well, do you think we're doing four hours on Nick Navarro again today? He's got more publicity than Madonna. It's just for it. It's getting pretty ridiculous. Screw him. It is. Don't be a Nick head, sir. Just remember that. Don't be a fascist right-wing pig. Sclimb ball on the Haraldosho. Man, I hope he and Harald are run off in a loop together. You know it? They make a perfect pair. Where are you? I'm north. Way north. Well, that would like where? Give me an idea. Coaster, arenas? Really? Yes, sir. You're in Jupiter? Yes, sir. Well, I'll be there. Are you going to hold on a minute? Uh-huh. For what? Oh, you want to hear the monologue? Yes. Okay. Well, maybe I can be like... Alice, Randall, I'll do a big monologue. About things are not good. And those comedy-pink-o-fashies, Jewish bags. Is that Alice? Hold on a second. I don't want to pick on Alice. See, Ed, John McJughal on this morning. I'm punching all around now, because I'm having fun coming to work. I punched up QAM turns out that Gene Michaels has learned Jai, this again, he's not there today. He had to go home yesterday at 9. Jai's a good guy. I don't wish him any yield. But I think that the heavens are trying to tell you something, Jai, about that job at QAM. I also found out some amazing stuff about people who wanted to go to work there and turn the job down. And then they came back and they changed their mind and they wanted the job. And they already gave it to somebody else, including a Johnny Dark, who may be lurking. Is he lurking here today? Next to her, he is. He's lurking. We've had little sum of conference about him. And we've all decided the verdict is unanimous. Johnny, he isn't hang out. He lurks in the hallway and he lurks outside the doorways and outside the offices. So if there are any young ladies in the building or even old ladies in the building, I wouldn't go into Brunfuzz if he's lurking out in the hallway for a second. Okay, very bizarre strange. And I know he's listening right now. You're okay, John, but strange. You lurk. Let's see, what is it, Karen? Karen? Yes, that's me. How you doing, Karen? Fine, how are you? Good, you might have to do a little spot. Go ahead. And then I'll come right back to Karen. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I'm very excited. And enthusiastic. Would that be a better word? And enthusiastic to lovely words. Oh, I'm not favorite. Okay, hold on a second. All right. Please. So we'll come back to Karen. We'll get to everybody because for some reason, the phones are going nuts. Nick is on the board today. So boy, don't try and screw around. I think you might actually pray a little bit of attention. We'll get to the point where you'll be. So Karen? Yes, Neil. What's going on? Not a lot. How are you today? Okay. That's great. Great. I wonder if I could say hello to my boyfriend, who listens to you. Since today is my day off. Sure. I just want to say hello. I'll put you time, miss you. Who's going to cry out, Karen? You know, it's just nothing more comes down to you. Oh. You want me to come to do this back, but I could... No, you call him whatever you want, but, Pookey pie? Yeah, sweet isn't it. Yeah, real sweet. Yeah. Cold as you buck 12. It depends on what day it is. Yeah, I believe it. No, he's 26. Going on 12. No, 13, 14. Oh, it's not too bad. Yeah, I think I'm like pre-adolescent. Uh, in some ways. Mm-hmm. Some ways, yeah. I know the type. Yeah. We have a great day. Thanks a lot, yeah. Okay, Karen. Great. All right. I remember this call. No, Karen, don't take it personally. You're okay, but silly person. 10 16 in WIOD, isn't uh, WIOD. Yeah, how are you? Okay. How you doing? Great, so far, right up to this moment. What do you mean by that? I don't know. I say, would like right. I can only judge it based on what's happened so far. Did you hear Stan last night? No, that's why the day's been so good. I was watching the cubs in the metzer. Stank kind of ripped you a new ass last night. Oh, did he really? Well, he said something about his ratings. He was so good. And yours was so bad that you didn't get your bonus this year or something. His ratings were so good. That's right. So he wouldn't have, if he was on either before you or after you. No, he wasn't ripping me. He was ripping Alex. Okay. And the fact is that Stan's, that had nothing to do with it. One way or the other. Okay. The whole station was down. But Stan, every time that Abrams come out, Stan lives in a dream world. And he has this facility of taking and twisting and manipulating. To make it seem like he's really kicking serious butt. And if that makes him feel better, that's great. But you know what? Well, I got a big check comes in every Thursday. Okay. Well, he says you lost your bonus this year and if he's been on it. First of all, it wasn't this year sir. Your miss quoting it every quarter. I have a potential bonus because the book comes out four times a year. So it wasn't this year and Stan get a life. Okay. Find something. Did he have Paul Harvey Jr. on with him? Was that for real? Well, he had to got it to like a chronic. He called you. All Harvey George. Who is that guy? He was a real chronic. He had a life. And they had to put his wife on the radio last night to, you know, sure up a Stan's show. Who's why? Paul Harvey Jr. Paul Harvey Jr. Great. Well, I'm sure sorry that I watched that, that Cubs Meds game, you know, that exciting game that the Cubs did win eight to five. I just mentioned in passing. Well, Stan was kind of telling everybody he's the greatest. Well, that's good. Okay. And then they'll get a job. Okay. Thank you. Ten 18 at WIOD. See that's just a trouble maker there. Just an asshole, a trouble maker. Custan's my buddy. And he wouldn't say that crap unless he was on the air. Miami. All right, Neil. A coast spy report. Yeah, first. How about that Howard Johnson, huh? He's doing it for. All right. He's really doing it. He's really doing it. He struck out in 33 flavors last night. And I noticed Harry's called him. Whole, Johnson. Now, set a hold. We got whole. And that is a lot of pressure there. Yeah, there was a lot of pressure. I was nervous when we blew the lead because we should have had about 10 runs off by Yola who really stunked the place our last night. And then Maddox got here. He retired 15 or 16 men in a row. And then all of a sudden, his 17 like he had a buffer sticker on his car that said I lost it. All right. Hit me. Yeah. And they did. All right. I was fresher in the night than he knows. But once Alejandro Pagno came into the game, my new things could only look up. And go, how about that Sandberg and Grace and Dawson and they just all. And I will say this. You're round Walton has been bothering me this year because he invites Smith have been doing stupid things on a basis and stupid things in the field. And he and Salazar let that pop fly by strawberry drop. A lot of people looking to basketball. See, you got a double last night. It was an Ewan I could have caught that ball. And they looked at each other and let it drop. And they cost a run in the eighth inning. But then in the bottom of the same inning, he scored from first on a single because Jeffries was kind of like hot dog and it looked in the other way. That was a great play. That was exciting. We don't want to rub it in. But that was a great game. We're getting like a gun after all. Close demographics. They're sort of me. Are they lurking next door? They're not. They're not. They say this in the country music and when the parents are there, it's no speaker to English. So this morning I'm listening over there. And I hear Lionel Richie. Yeah. And I thought to myself, Sharon, if they have switched from the no speaker to English and Jeff to close. All right. Host is kicking in. They're lurking good. I mean, looking good. They're right. All right. We'll see you tomorrow. I'm going to be there in 10 o'clock. I'll be there with Nelson. And a little be there too. Now be there with my Mark Grace uniform. And should I wear my mitts? How are Jonathan's teacher? Please. Is it? See you later. Okay. 20 after 10. And WI would do. Don't forget, come on out tomorrow. We're looking to have a big crowd. I have no idea what we're going to do. We'll have a good time. Maybe Marvin will be sick again tomorrow. Is that a possibility? Anyway, we have an opening in date County. If you move real fast at 751, fascist, WIOD. Hello. Sheriff Nick. Okay. Hold on Nick. Anyway, we want to tell you about the whole thing tomorrow. And of course, Specs Music and Video Analysis. The grand opening of their newest location, 11921 South to see Highway in Sineland. Specs for years has been the place for music. And now, IOD. What do you want? Make so far, Nick. Hold on. Now, they're the place for great videos with titles like Sea of Love. Al Pacino makes his triumph and screen return in the years. Top Thriller Sea of Love. It's not that good, by the way. Now on Video cassette and available at Specs with thousands of good movies too. As it overworked New York City, cop investigating a bizarre series of murders. Al Pacino falls in love with Ellen Barkin, his beautiful prime suspect. And it takes him like seems like hours to figure it all out. Costering John Goodman. Sea of Love rated R. And available now on Video cassette from MSE Home Video. At Specs, and don't forget food from pizza loft tomorrow, free yogurt from TCBY, the country's best frozen yogurt. And free CDs every quarter hour, courtesy of Specs, and also a chance for you to register registered to win that $4,500 satellite TV system courtesy of the dish doctors. Registration starts tomorrow. So, come on out at Specs to New Specs music and video story in Sineland. We'll see you there tomorrow from 10 till 2. We'll see you there tomorrow. That would be better if they said lucky enough. 1024, a WIOD, and I wonder if Melbourne's going to show up at the remote tomorrow. Well, that is bad news. He's not the same anymore since he got that big job offer in Buffalo. And I started to get cranky for a lot of deal. Says this is about Stan. It's the only reason I punched him up in there mumbling in the back. I think they learned to mumble from Stan. Okay, we'll come back for that. Coral Springs. Hello? Yeah. Yeah, no, this is a car. I called you my morning, okay? It's who? Garry. Oh, Gary. Yeah, I called you with that crank from continental. Remember that? No. Well, I called you. I just gave you a car. Well, I got a mosquito bite in the, well, not the worst place. But I got mosquito bites in bad places. Like I have one on my cheek. I'm serious. Where's the worst, the most embarrassing place you ever got a mosquito bite? You really want to know. Well, I mean, don't say it if it's something we can't put on the air. But I mean, like give me an idea. You got the idea. I can't put it on the air. You really had a mosquito bite down like in that area? Yeah, well, again, people kind of look at you while you were scrunching, like, for what a slob, what a disgusting, a grotesque. See, the only way you're allowed to, if you're an athlete, that's okay. They put a lot of pressure. Go out on the air. You're a great athlete. Well, former and AV, the old people don't expect a lot from me. Okay. Anyhow, I called you up. I gave you this thing. I told you, I really did work for continental. Well, about, see, Friday. They played the tape. They paid your show, Neil. Yeah. They played it back to me and who's they? Continental cable. They fired your ass? They fired me for, for what I said on your day. I believe that. Come on. I have dead serious, Neil. I was working cut. That's the thing that ever happened for us, sir. Like, he emancipated. Yeah, I'm an employee, though. Good. Well, the call up for Sheriff Nick. You can go on TV shows with him. Go on the tour. Well, although tomorrow's Sally on Friday and the moon on Monday, okay? Yeah, right. No, he's no stopping it now. Would you rather work for a bunch of slime balls or be unemployed? Well, I could use the money. Yeah. Can you say the rent got a pay bill? That's why I keep working. Yeah, right? I don't know. Any ideas for job opening? No chance. Times are tough. Times are really tough. Oh, well. Hello, Nick. So looking to go to West Palm Beach. So we'll see if he leaves here and, and Melton's looking to go to Buffalo. So we'll see what happens here. Buffalo, natural. It's a interesting place to think about there. Oh, yeah. You can't beat it with a stick. Oh, all right. That's for exact what I heard. You could beat it with a stick. It's like we follow a lot. That's because Lee and you staying out with Steve. And there's like a certain camaraderie there, you know. We all know about that. So a good luck to you. Found that little teacher to call this show again, huh? That's not okay. Thanks, Ryan. Adios. There's a very good example. A lot of you more ons could learn from that guy. Okay, call this show. Make a lot of cost. Go test comments about your employer and they can your ass. Because they're all listening to say everybody listens to Wild. In hell. Yeah. The radio man was ripping you like crazy last radio man. Mr. radio. Is garbage name is that piece of view. You may wait a minute. I want to show was this. I'm standing on this radio station. Yeah. They were made your head made your way. I think the last part of investigation. They let him talk for about four, five minutes. And Paul Jr. Whatever his garbage name is was a green and would him. And agree with him about what? About about you giving him a high time. Not letting him talk and hanging up on him. Yeah. We'll see Paul Harvey Jr. And of course, I don't know if you're making this up. I'm not making it up. It's more fun to agree with you. Paul Harvey Jr. Belies it all chronic should be allowed because then he's safe. See, if we allow all chronic pain in the asses to monopolize all those shows, then he can be on like 20 times a day. Well, I'm not making it up until he is true. Well, I think we need to have several of these calls. You'll get in trouble. You'd all tend people who listen to this night to call in. I'm disappointed to stand with what I'm talking to. I thought the stand was my pal. You should have hung up on him. I think maybe standards full of crap. Is that what it's all about? Is that a very tiring day? That guy really used to kiss your butt all the time and all the sudden. Now. Yeah, because I won't put him on the air or be five minutes. I think I'll all, sir. Let me tell you something. Even the most casual listener can testify to this. Any of the chronics. They're your pal. They love you. They think a lot over as soon as you say one time out, you're getting a little chronic. They turn on you like a rat. I can't remember what you were saying. But I know you had a lot of negative things. Yeah, right. I'm serious. Well, I'm good. I'm glad to know that now that stand's going to be doing my vacation with Randy Martin. That's interesting. No, after I go to Batford, I'm the only one that promotes these on the air once every 10 days. They should have hung up on. They should have hung up on. Come on here and continue with the cheap shots. They should have hung up on. No, I stand in the remaining. Nobody's let's go on for four or five minutes. What do you mean? What the hell kind of crap is there? That's the spot. We're the that desperate for calls. I don't know what Paul Harvey's doing. What is his name? Well, he's history on his show. I'll tell you that. I'll tell you. All right, Neil. You'll get more calls. I just want to be the first one. Thanks for stir in the pot. All right, but see. That's what we like. People let stir up a lot of trouble like that. Because that's what this town's all about. I know I'm being a little negative, but I want to live up to my billing. W-I-O-D. Okay, that's called 1029 at W-I-O-D. And I'll tell you what. It's not like what Alex Bennett was here. I'll tell you that. We actually got some calls. Now, did I just, is that, that's not a new one. Is it the one says, Ray, stand. Did I just do that? That's a new one? Hello? Yeah, I listened to the Milky Way. Oh, it was my mistake. I was under wrong one. I'm sorry. That was my mistake. Oh, that's right. I picked him up cold. Isn't that amazing? Uh, do you want me to do it? You listen to the old? Listen to the forever yours show. Yeah, it was. Hold on a second. W-I-O-D. Okay, line check around four. Yes. I could leave followers, name it, phone started ringing hand up mysteriously. Just a coincidence, right? Yes, absolutely. The Milky Way Dark Show has been released. Hold on a second. W-I-O-D. Yeah, there is again. Oh, you know who that is? That's Mr. Radio. He cranks us all the time, because we won't put him on the air. Do you want to put me on hold again? Oh, go ahead. Milky Way Dark Show? Yes. For every yours? Yes. They ripped you all night, Neil. All night, not stand. Stand just... What do you mean, not still? They sat there and let it go on all night? Yeah, he did. I don't understand. Damn, you are a slime ball, okay? He hasn't been on the air for one of those big stokes. Who's the only guy in this town that puts him on the air? The keeps promoting a show. That pretends that, you know, there's something there. That's you. And this guy comes on his sits back and just says no show. So I'm aware of opportunities that he gets on the air. Like the last time he was on a Sunday, I think when the DJ was in here and I go to the store. I turn on the radio. There's IOD on. Here's the DJ ripping a crap out of me. And stand up. He's... What was it? We're not cranky. What was it where he was using? He's... Just... Something like that. Yeah. Well, I was after I heard the call. It encrozened me so horny. Really? Okay. By the way, we're playing the... The cleanup version, so don't anybody get panicking. Okay, because sure, Nick will come and take our license away. We have two openings in Broward now. 524 stand. 524. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. Okay. Good. Good. Good. We're in for all the regulars today. Paul Harry will be happy about that. Let's go to Miami. Hello. New. Thank you. All those four are nice. Well, I'll see. This is good. I like this. Get a good controversy going here. That's what it's all about. Standin' not wippy last night. Well, that's something I said. We didn't say he ripped me. They sent me a loud... ...out others to sit back for three solid hours and ripped me an ad. That's fair. That's fair. That's fair. I'll listen to the whole thing and I'll pay good nod. So, I feel... No. Well, listen, that's two to one so far. You're still in the minority here. Well, no. I'll get more votes in that. What do you mean you get more votes? Well, I'm in South Dade. I'm in Homestead. Well, you get like a half of votes. No. I should get four votes for that. Well, everybody at work is crowded. You should get like the sympathy vote for the one down there. Listen, I'm from Tiger Fris. I'm going to come up to specs. I mean, where are you going to go? I'm telling you one thing down in Homestead. Crackers are not something to eat with your child. I'll tell you that. What is it? I'm from Tiger Fris. I'm going to take pictures of you on sale. What do you mean, hour photographer? I work for newspaper and Homestead. You mean, I'm going to be in a Homestead paper? You're going to be on a... Man, I'll be on my display, Miss. You Sheriff Nick. How do you like that? What are you going to see if you want a whole page? All right. God, first it's the Jewish Journal and then it's the Homestead Ledger. No, that's not that news leader. Well, whatever. Oh, I know that one. Yeah, I know that one. Common Easter, Common Easter, Common Easter. No, no, no. But all those Common Easter versus Pinkos like me on a front page. I know. No, we're going to pick you on a whole page. All those baddies are popping up paper. Yeah. The spotlight. Yeah, they read that a lot down in Homestead. Yeah, but it's just... 12, 13, 12, 13. And a lot of Washington. That's from the John Berts Society. It's one of those fascist things. Probably Sheriff Nick has a double subscription. Oh, my God. I think he's calling right now on the other line. He wants to copy of it. Wouldn't surprise me. Well, if you want to see him around here anymore, he's off to be a big star now. Oh, who? And is he like who's going to be on the radio with him? I mean, on the... Oh, sure, they're all going to take a new show on the road. Oh, God. Just all a big fuss. If they would just keep it on the road, that would be fine. I tell you, if you guys who have absolutely no talent, I mean, these people between Governor Bob and this would do do bag up there in Broward. They're going to make them about $50 million for what we've all done. Made them with. They could even make bail the other day. It was amazing. They would have been belly up right now. They'd be the Malestra. They're belly down. One of the other. Yeah. Well, thanks for stirring the kettle a little bit more. Hey, it's Dan was fine last night. He was fine last night. He was fine. He was fine. He had a little credibility up to that point. But when you said that, now I think that's how we're going to line up. Great show. We'll check it out. The other six people will be calling in. Bye bye. See you. Bye bye. Y'all come back now. We have an opening in date, one in Palm Beach, 751. So we shouldn't get any of the big things about Stan Cho, Last night because they were just one of that main people listening. W-Y-O-D. Neil. Yes sir. He was ripping you talking about a spring number of 87. Oh, he's bringing back his old numbers again. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, I used to have an iron chair too, but that isn't going to do me any good. Now, I mean, that's living in the past. He's, what is he going to stop doing that? My mean, he's getting his neurotic as a guy in the weekend. I can't remember his name anymore. That old guy that we have on that old old HMK. Oh, geez. He's bringing 87 numbers. What does that mean? It's spring 87 numbers weird. I mean, he got fired when you went to vacation. That would have mean. So what does that mean? I had a nine share. He had a five. So what the hell is he knocking me for? Yeah, but he came in the inherited all my carts. My whole act, the ACN stuff that used to have it. But what is he all upset about? And what the hell is he talking about? Oh, you know, I don't know what is he doing. What is it? Going out with the ACN. Yeah, I can't believe Paul Harvey Jr. What a turn coat slime ball. I'm the only one that's defended. Everybody else thinks he's chronic and a pain in the ass and a pest. And I've defended him because I feel sorry for people with the pasty complexions. But nobody can go. Like he, you're right. There's nobody like it better. You're right. And I just can be honest. He's his story on his show, pal. He'll be calling. He'll be calling. He'll be on the line somewhere. No, don't let me get it stopped. Yeah, get a life. He doesn't even have a job anymore, does he? Maybe the guy from Condon or him can start a business. There you go. Chronicle America. Chronic pest control. Have a great day, pal. Happy new year. W-Y-O-D. Oh, me, I was right. What was that sound? You sounded almost like Johnny Dark Jr. What was that? Like a little cousin Brucey and drag. Are you gonna hold on? I said what? You were upset. You said that? I was by all I would tell you and I said no. All right, hold on a second. We want to do a little break and I'll come back and we'll go to Barcelona. We'll get pirate and pirate. Well, you see, I have a different philosophy now. And that is if you go and expecting the least and you come away with a win, it's so much better. You know, when you expect nothing but if you expect a win and you lose, then you're real depressed. real depressed. So why start each day expecting, wow it's going to be bad again and then all of a sudden man, Sandberg hits that, I've never seen anybody hit so many homeruns in the first inning and he's just unconscious. There's only going to be one problem. What's the higher than the cubs and three all? What a full cut for the Canadian. Now forget them they're they choke like crazy. Oh they hope they're hot right now and then by August like they did last year they'll be folding like an accordion. But be careful because you also spit up. Not a smoothie. Not a smoothie. Not a smoothie just goes separately. You're gonna see what all she does. 1040 at WIWD. Now you're way to second won't you? Yeah. Okay because we have a very impatient lady here. On channel 4's far away for it? Are you impatient? No. Okay. What is it? Um, Brian Norrcross is coming before? Yeah I know. It's a play with lots of helium. He's been coming to 4 for a long time but he had a wait for his an uncompeted from channel 10 do or run out of whatever was. Oh okay I thought that was something new. And also what happened? It was because you know how he used to do the weather from all these different places like at the racetrack and and he did the weather on channel 10 one time from a tall building. I think there's a hundred biscane are you listening? Uh huh. Hundred biscane tower and he like took off and it's taken all this time for them to get a hold of him again. He was out there like floating out in the space. Uh, maybe to have good year on his side. What is it? Yeah right he could do a little standing. He's a good guy like him. He's got a good sensey and we're a great voice. Uh huh. Uh huh. Right? Okay. Well that was quick. She would like a lurking right sir? Yeah if I like to be a five kick. Oh, I come on let's get back to the bar top. Come on. Let's get back to the other. They got that filthy Levi spot on again man. Boy if what's his name was in town if Sheriff a Nickhead was in town. He'd be really following it about the name that got this filthy Levi spot. Let's ban MTV okay that'll be next. That's the next campaign. Let's get that filthy off RT we said. So okay. You know I like sure. Like let's ban her all the right after the show they have to go by the Nick that comes on. Okay. Then we can ban the show after he will go by the stock and manipulate it on his way to start him to being a stupid star. It says keep your fly button. I'm sorry these provocative spots. So let's go back to the Cubs. Hey. Yeah. Back to the Cubs. What happened to Greg Maddox there? Many of it. Rocky first inning and then he settled down he got listing. Oh, hi was out unconscious for five innings and then the seventh thing just when Harry came back all the sudden Maddox lost it inexplicably. It could be it was. Yeah. Let's go get some stock and tell Sheriff Nick that it's obscene. Then he'll drive the fight through the roof for the lobby rich. Yeah. That's great. That's great. I think Sheriff Nick is obscene. Okay. I think how in his obscene. Yeah. We're becoming the Neanderthal capital. So he used to be the drug capital where the Nick I passed said that was exciting enough. So now between Bob Cox Governor Bob and and Sheriff. Yeah. Slickhead. Now we want to be the Neanderthal capital of the world. Yeah. Yeah. Well, listen. It sounds like you're out of material. I think he's just so you for today. You didn't know where this scream or he didn't. Oh, but we didn't lose four straight. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. We got out of the and now that we got by. Oh, I mean, we heated lose a game. But we still, you know, beat them in the game he pitched in. Now the possibilities are amazing and Harry's coming back in the second game tomorrow. Got only knows. Even the beach boys are sitting right now. I can hear it. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'll get through now. Huh? We don't get ready to kipper. Scream or in kipper. I had to get rid of the k boys. Yeah. Good luck to you. Good guy. We're the one. But like a kipper comes in. What do you mean we? Oh, now he now all the sunny. I'm fired. Oh, you're the pirate guy. Oh, you didn't see that game, though, huh? I couldn't find it. I don't have a blue. I think they blew a six to one lead and then it was seven and they pulled it out eight to seven parts. It's nothing leads. Really? The top of the end. Yeah. Oh my god. Well, it's going to be a long here. In fact, you know, I joked yesterday to check Meyer was going to be out sick because the pirate said, if we can't ensure enough, he wasn't here yesterday. He fell up today. I don't know. He's not here yet. He always will look up with the wounds I think. I see a winner to the leader. Yeah. Well, listen, good luck, sir. Yeah. You'll leave. Okay. 1044 at WIO day. We have an open line in Broward 524 Chuck. WIO day. I didn't catch most of the stands show yesterday because oh my god, it's an asyl tones of rich packed your life in Portland. What the very end and the only negative person who can I ask you a question. How come you didn't invent snotty Susie? Because I have a feeling with your nasal condition. You can wait a million. You can retire. Please. The very end he was saying something about that you don't talk about the ratings and the trends are down. But that was all I heard. That's a lot of crap we talk about the ratings every time they come out. Well, that was the only thing I heard. But I was watching the cubs game. I don't have time for a stand in what's it say. Well, who the hell does forget it? Yeah. In fact, it was funny because Stan called me about two minutes after eight. I had just started my VCR. The tape was rollin. I'm watching the pregame five minutes there when a Harry is in coherent. And he's like tell me about the big stormy drove through to get to work. And I was nice because it was lightning and thundering by me for a few minutes and that stopped. And that was it. And I think he was trying to remind me that he was going to be on like I'm going to turn off the cubs game and turn that on. You know, two bad about that. Wow. He really got to took a fast ball right on the, he didn't get a broken bone. He was okay. But that's the guy that called the home run fair. No. Yeah. That was the guy that called it fair when Wendell Stad said it was a foul. No, he's the guy that called his foul originally. All right. No, no, no, it's not to say you're wrong. It's not you. I see I get sucked in that. It's not the same crew. I think you're mistaken. Yeah. I know I'm not mistaken. Wendell state is not in this crew, sir. It was not the same on fire. Okay, sir. Trust me. I'll bet you a lot of money on that one. They don't change the crews around. Okay. Um, no. Two life crew. Exactly. The decision was on night late last night. I don't want to grab. I know who was okay. The newest superstar. Okay. Okay. Go up. We'll get him a dark wig and send him the Hollywood. Okay. Yep. Yep. See, I was, I was in Nashville the other day. So you're friend, flat. Who? Flat. WKDF. He's called you a few minutes. Flat. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Another nearly a Nashville. The suit is he saw me. That's me if I had any tapes for. I'll bet he did. I swear to God. Say goodbye. Goodbye. 1046 a Wild. You want to say far Harvey Slimeball. Did he call you? Uh, did he try to get through here yet? You want you won't hear from me. He'll be in hiding now for weeks. He won't show his pasty face. It's spec tomorrow. You're in you can go to the bank on that Wild. Wild. Yeah. You know, you got a good phone there, too, sir. Well, it's better now. Santa like you were making, uh, sorry about gutterl sound. A mess to the car. They're why you were doing your phone call. Yeah. Go ahead. I can do two things. I want to. Yeah. So anyways, uh, Joey Rennel. I know it's not. I know. I mean, is he lie about that, too? First he lies about his age. Like, now he lied about his name and then he's got that Slimebag ad agency guy with him two every week, but I don't want to discuss him. He's a way to say our Slimebag. Both of them built BM is the worst still. Yeah. We don't discuss him on his show. Sir. Oh, I'm sorry. He didn't move phone. Well, listen, Neil. In closing. In closing, uh, keep it in your pants and let everyone touch it. 1047 the Wild. We have an opening at Broward 5249463 5241. Let's go to Ron in a mobile phone. Hey, Neil, how you doing? West Palm Beach, OK. Ron. All right. Listen, you know, Ron. Wild. Neil. What? Neil. Neil. Joey. Joey. What about his name? What about your name, though? What about it? How about the URL? Everybody knows about real label. Okay, brain surgeon. Okay. What does it go hands here? How about Neil? We can't even pronounce one. Help for Ron the air. Sir. Okay. So quit screwing around. All right. Couple week. That call came from Joey's house. By the way, Wild. Oh, it's them far. Okay. Better hurry it upstairs. In far. Okay. I want to talk about KU being Neil. No, no, no, no. I don't want to talk about KU. Well, I have something that you would love. All right. Now let's just listen to this. I don't think you got anything that I will. I'm trying to be serious with you for a minute. Why don't I want to talk about KU being all right. They just came out with something on a 30 inch dish that's going to get digital reception. Okay. And you're going to be already talking about. But we already talked about this. We had a guy from go ahead. I understand. Well, they have nice things. They're something on there now that you're going to be able to turn his channel on and be able to get jobs when any horse race in any track in the country and be able to punch in a button and be able to to be able to look at a horse race to bet. Yeah, you know, 1,100, 1,900, BRO, K E, 1,900 broke. Well, anyhow, the whole unit, so we're going to run 100, 100 launch. What is it? The whole unit is going to sell for 300 bucks being 8 to an inch thick and it will be able to attach to any type of, let's say, sliding glass doors, windows or whatever. I know we've already talked about this. Oh, come on, guy in the air. Yeah, well, why don't we come in now and we did a whole thing. I mean, it is out. They've already got it. Uh-huh. I did a tell you this producer. I don't mean the company name. I mean the type of equipment that's being produced. No. Okay. Am I allowed to mention that I don't care. It's called hemic communications. Have you ever heard of them? No. Well, it's going to be called the gaming network for all the gamblers and you're going to be able to bet football, baseball, basketball, soccer, look at horse. What are you going to bet football, baseball, basketball, how do you know, can you do that? So I'm legal. Oh, it is legal because it's coming. I want to be doing through overseas. Oh, wait a minute. The solo flex spot just came on MTV. I don't have time for this. Okay. See you. 10 to 11. Why don't? This is a lot more important than that crap. Okay. First of all, we have enough degenerate gamblers around here already with me and Hank Goldberg. We don't need other people touting illegal gambling through the satellite. Okay. To the air waves. Call up Sheriff Nick. Let him know what's going on. Get him back in town. We've got another provocative situation for him to handle. Right? WI with me. Okay. That's talking to you, Lee. Please, they're doing a warm-up now to go on the air today. Want to tell you that this Saturday, we're going to be doing another big thing along with Rick and the uh uh stud down at Benson's camera and video in South Thade. We're going to do a little remote noon to three. We're not going to be doing the show there. We'll do some call-ins and do our thing and some autographs and just make general fools of ourselves. This Saturday, June 16th noon to three at the South Thade location at six blocks south of the falls on South Thicksy Highway. Just look for the big yellow tent. $10,000 in prices will be given away. There's nothing to buy. At Benson's camera and video Florida's number one photographic discount store. And if you're a real photo enthusiast, there's your chance to deal direct getting credible deals right with the manufacturers from Sony, Nikon, Pentax, Canon, Manota and lots, lots more. Pentax factory reps will be at Benson's annual 10 sale blowout, demonstrating the entire IQ Zung family with five models to choose from starting it just a hundred twenty nine bucks. So go out and pick out a Pentax and zoom your way to perfect pick. 10 to 54 WI would do. We have an opening in date. So did they say sitting at home watching our senior hall or that should be grand. I think Nick Maynard have a good idea. 751 WIOD let's go to Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. I think Paul Harvey will call in today. Slime ball. My money is on him. Ultimate slime ball. I can't believe I was you know from my old. I mean everybody I know just despises his call. I'm like somebody picked up like poison and for some reason because I have a soft spot. I feel sorry for people with pasty complexions. I just have you know not blown them off over the years and he gets the one chance to come on his station and he rips me. And then sits here like some kind of an impudent child and you know and presides over it and savers every moment. Well I'm disappointed and staying here. Well I want to hear it now. You sound like a reasonable person. We've had four calls about it which is a big percentage of the people that must have been listening and you're number five. Now the three guys said that they ripped and stand set and presided over it and savered it and relished it and loved it. And the one woman the other one called said that they were awful across. Now you say as Oprah would say you say what? I say I'm with the guys but I didn't hear the show but I just couldn't. Well what do you mean you didn't hear the show? What's the name? Ben, what the hell are you talking about? I just I'm just listening to what people. You might know what your name Deborah Wilker from a Sun Sentinel. No, just no one just make it a trail comment about things that you didn't hear didn't see and you're a man you're an expert on it because you just you jumped to conclusion that's what you do for exercise you jumped to conclude. I was just given my opinion what the caller said so. We're gonna have you make a home video like Jane Fondes called Jumping to conclusions. Sure you go. I can't believe you you didn't hear any of it and you just want to jump on the bad wagon and repall Harvey and Stan. I had the wish good. This thinking I like your I like you're out of two. Well you know I mean Paul. I like your dad. He is not a control. And I know Paul. And Stan's out of control to bring him in here on the air. I mean just bad enough with DJ and DJ and PJ and DJ and JJ. But I mean Paul and P. H. J. Anybody's got to like a J in their initial is on Stan's show. He even did that show about JFK. He didn't do any well I'm pretty sure I'll be doing a show on L. B. J. That'll be nice. Uh huh. Hey I like that it's not easy to do that. Well your credibility is pretty limited so don't get carried away. Hey what can I say about my next man they suck this here huh? They sure do. So disappointed. They're doing it and hopefully they'll do it again today and twice tomorrow and get out of their system. Well good luck to you. Okay we're on our way. Bye. 1057 a W. I. O. D. We have an open line of day 751 liar 751 W. I. O. D. Let's go to Vodka. Go on. Okay wait a minute was there somebody there? Oh you are there. Hi how you doing? Hold on. Tell me why would you? Oh no. Hold on. What is it? Oh I was at foot. I mean foot rockers last night. Yes. Oh. Is it going to be something I'm going to have to believe by? Oh never but foot rockers. How pretty it sounds pretty needy to me. Oh they have great whey news. Anyway they don't have the news. It's foot rockers. I'm sorry. Monday night the best time to go. All the boys are there if you know what I'm saying. Now I don't. The boys from Bangkok. So sick. You really are your sick person. You do understand that. Are you in therapy? Well yeah. Yeah. Really therapy. How about group thing? Yeah that's what I'm afraid of. Now what is it sir? Yeah I heard part of you. Not nice. All right here now this sounds like a reasonable call even Nick agrees. Don't you sound really really Nick said you're so far you haven't said much. Now here at about five minutes. Well it's more than that lady that called before Mr. Jumpy to conclusions. But I heard some that guess that chronic I was on there and he was talking about I was here such a bad guy and then I heard. Wait a minute I'm such a bad guy. Yes. Paul Harvey Jr said I'm such a bad guy. More less yes. For what? For putting him on the air he's right about that. Well I just caught a good person. I caught the tail end of his comments and the stand with the big thing about his numbers and in the spring of 87 whatever was. I said man you know to see Stan is his own worst enemy. The audience despises this crap where he keeps I've told him this a million times off here. Nobody wants to hear him go back and try to rehash about how he did all this. They want to hear a show. They don't want to hear about how he used to be good. He used to have number two of his shows. Stop talking about like you know once upon a time he used to have talent forget it. Nobody cares about that. But I only think that's like the same guy was from Buffalo comes on and talks about he used to have a 50-year in Buffalo when it was only one station. Who cares? 100 years ago. But I only had a couple minutes and he did go see the whole thing about his numbers and I caught the tail end of some guy. The chronic guy would ever talk about you're not nice and forward to that. Oh. But wow. All right now. You know something? What? Hepatitis has a you know has a habit of affecting your brain if it goes untreated. Do you think? I say have a nice day. Okay well I'm glad we got to the bottom of that. Speaking of hepatitis uh well you can't get I don't think it's hepatitis you get cirrhosis of the liver is now what you get from too much drinking. A Henry Barrow standing by with the 11 o'clock Wild news just a coincidence Wild. Okay hold on. People on the beach hold them down and then sit there man. Yeah let's go get it. Well that's nothing that clean up the street. On the first I'm sorry for skipping in a no skipping zone. I hope you guys don't get on me. Just take a seat out. Go out with a chair. A chair. Yes he was right. All right that's your big pocket. I feel like you're part of an I'm not a foot pocket. I'll ask sorry. Yes look like his good learn. Hit my big dogs on a hot newbie in he was right. Righty night to nine at MBC. Okay 11 o'clock 6 a wio d let's go to the phones again because they're just falling out of the store trouble Miami. Hello. I like buying computers just so I can burn the name. Meet me. Find one. Oh yeah. They make me sick. Or why can't they run over and let it you have your missing your missing one point those sir. You have to put it on before you set the fire. Let's go to Davy. Hey Neil. How you doing sir? All right. Kipa so. Don't they have Starlock a banana. They blew they blew him in my time. Leave me souvenirs. Right. Okay. Just sit around. That's what Linda Blair said. What leave me souvenir. No they blew him in my time. Where's your head was spinning around while she was the peaking piece who followed. Don't remember the X herses. Excuse me. I said sure how a nice thing. Okay we had a couple of people drop off during the news break but for some reason the lines didn't disconnect what open hold on a second. W mild. Yeah like to nil sure hold on sir and one in Broward 524 W mild. Okay hold on a frame. What is it now? All righty. Now I already know that on through the news even 45 miles here are great American sir if you have your green card you're a wonderful guy. Yeah I'm a native. A native for one this town. Yeah boy you must be depressed we apologize I use your for coming in and screw it up your life we apologize. I want to hear more high one. Hold on a second Wild. I know this is neat now after what are you talking about me so much man. What if you throw them you want me to come down to the door and see down with you and I'm about it. Be a big thing. Hold on. Lock it in. That could be number one by the end of the week you do understand that because all these people act like they just discovered that we live in a fashion come to you I've been telling that for years and a oh geez full of crafty so negative you know I don't want to come and take them and put them away somewhere in a big padded cell they'll say oh gee maybe had a point you know maybe we should have leasing. So what is it now? I listen to an hour of substantial all right let's get right to the meat of the matter because this deserves a lot I mean or we hear the stuff back and forth and it's usually a lot of crap but it is pretty interesting that certain people are conspicuous by their absence in this conversation which leads me to believe that there was some serious crap going on here last night. What tale you know homely junior said was that you never let him talk to get his point across that everything that's like I got his for I let him talk more than all the other people on the air back together and I have a guilty conscience about it but my conscience now will be clear because it will never happen the end. It is point across what point. I don't know that's what I was thinking. Some point like the one on the top of the tent. Yeah like when he goes out on the weekend with the guys with his sheets. Oh sanitation workers are here. All right they're my favorite yeah give them the high sign tell number one. Now they're they look like members of two like crew. Really? Yeah. Oh. As fast as they want to be that's the time from the V. S. Oh is I just as you want to be. Well listen you're obviously out of material but you've been a wonderful call. Oh thank you Neil. See you later 10 after 11 at Wiod. We have an open line in Broward 524. 10 524 Nazi. And we'll do a little break here. I think might as well because I'm just to have a quick reminder that we're going to be doing a show tomorrow live if that's possible all four hours tended to with the brand new specs located down in South Thay that the 111 South Thixie highway in the Sunnyland shopping Plaza and we got all kinds of stuff to give away we're going to be given food free food from the pizza law free samples of delicious incredible disgustingly sweet and fantastic TC MII frozen yogurt the best in the world and we're going to be giving away CDs every quarter hour courtesy of specs and also we'll begin a registration for some lucky winner out there sometime in the next 30 days to win at $4,500 said like TV system courtesy of our friends at the best doctors okay so come on out tomorrow 10 or two and maybe even pasty Paul Harvey Junior will show is that we face tomorrow okay and you can beat the crap out of right there it's specs let's go to Palm Beach hello yes sir have live without the later one what is it live without the way yeah right sure hey good luck you good yeah I'm listening okay you know first it's the medical triple that's the now we can't listen to music no first it was the FCC finding us in stations all over the country because all sites in a bunch of other fancies pigs are sitting up there in Washington try to be the moral dictators for all of America that was the first then we started getting into the scrap with the satellite TV in American ecstasy and got to know only knows what else we've got to go off and now we got to you know the guy up in Palm Beach who wants the one nine hundred numbers off the year because it's going to corrupt the morals of our and we got sure it's you know I'm not going to get excited about it because we're talking into a vacuum okay nobody in his country gives a crap how did I come become sure we mean how did you become sure we stopped the ballot box how many humans do you have and they're killed the hell as we got to do with humans is a right wing fascist kid we got unions are right wing fascist pigs and brown what happens to make what their ethnic makeup is I asked us to just from a communist country now this is the communist communist I know it I knew it I knew it's a verse of call like this had to come from a communist trace this call George oh anyway the point is people need to wake up oh look look we're just here to entertain people and have a good time and I made up I was you know I was in the shower this morning I was getting my myself just foaming it to mouth I looked just like the billboard picture you know foaming it to mouth getting all up sitting thinking about this stuff and then I thought I'm not going to come in and ruin the show and start getting him this I did that for 12 years it is a waste of time okay call a kids away on spring break they ruin a four-lauter nailer turn into a geriatric toilet pretty soon it's going to look just like South Beach and nobody here gives a crap okay so I'm not I'm not going to listen to it okay I can't handle it because you're just spinning call up Alice Rentello okay they get in that stuff beating a dead horse nobody here cares okay nobody cares so leave it alone already give it a rest Miami hello yes sir okay I'm trying to calm myself down I heard the first hour stand major last night really yes now from what I heard the first hour you sound very objective yes very sensible Paul Harvey Jr the first hour didn't really do anything about talking you know against you but just mister mong who called up revealed by the way that he's one of Paul Harvey Jr's closest friend oh really in fact he photographed Render radio and Paul Harvey Jr he heard of a feather flock together is that it you photographed his wedding yeah what does that tell you so apparently there you know pretty buddy well in that case PHA is up to show forever in that case he's a he's a jerk so mister mong starts talking as soon as he's called up of course PHA recognized him and goes oh no it don't start talking about Neil in the guy right away started he's a subhuman see what you the sir if I can interrupt in I will what you get in this business and it's really gotten ridiculous lately you get these little groups and then you find out they're all like you're telling me now connected together little nerds all these chronics connected together and they hang out together and it and they're just like a professional groupies they oughta have like GA groupies anonymous where they can go to meetings and uh air themselves out oh but don't worry because he doesn't listen to you anymore good thank god he says you're off his dial and he doesn't care about your show anymore and yeah and before he was sent to buy a cup of coffee definitely want to be listening today because he has more important things to do between right right and of course Stan is you know just sitting there going oh we're given Neil to show tomorrow four hours on the stand major show yeah all right see that's what he's looking for I know and then I don't know why because he's never on anyway it's not gonna do him any good it's just gonna you know just before I go on vacation we can have all it's gonna do is alienate my audience and piss them off but again Stan just continues you know and then you get either way Randy Martin will be here on week from Friday do the show by herself from QAM fame used to be on with build callers he's a wonderful young lady she will not rip me on the air while I'm gone and then she's gonna be doing the show with Stan for a couple of weeks and of course if he turns out to be a do special do it alone I guess and of course he got the bud liquor's calling and going oh Stan keep the show don't let him come back from his vacation okay I said joys gonna be doing the show while I'm on vacation I said I don't give joy a second thought you know well anyway pH Joe doesn't seem to be too bad at guy but he's taste and flanned a little question well now I'm telling me that you see that that was like opening up a whole encyclopedia of information when you tell me that the rumming yeah you'll find association that he's never been the same since he was a feather suck around together since his skin turned yellow he's never been the same well that was from the urn lady show if you remember exactly oh thank you sir you really open up some new exciting avenues on the show you're well see it 11 19 and Wiod Miami on the bulk of line must be important good morning you know how sir okay I need your expertise inside living a complex that will not allow me to have cable I mean that light trying to you want to use the cable through my VCR the VCR will only you try to use the cable through your VCR what's the problem I can only get up to channel 13 how old is your VCR about 25 years no it's cable ready and I mean when I lick the switch that too it goes up to you have any idea how many people are flicking their switch during this call right now is your speaking sir I'm sorry Wiod yeah hi I'm talking about to live crew yeah oh yeah so yeah don't be intimidated well I have to worry about him see I live in a complex right and this kids but really jam that really but and I have a three year old daughter and it doesn't sound tonight yeah not that fine I'm talking about the really the growth of my blank you know each you're you know it's pretty bad and the kids three yeah and there's other children around and you think they know what that means yeah they start singing it it's pretty bad it doesn't mean anything don't you understand it means nothing that's why saying do you think I say that that mean anything not really words don't hurt anybody that's why this country so jewel hours are silly and you're getting sucked into the whole idea not really because you know well I have that holy bed what is it saying apple is not bad yeah that's okay but or do you think that's okay 21 after 11 a Wiod she's talking about her pet we have an open line in date county 75 one she 75 one Wiod ma'am you are somebody ought to come over to your house and thank you with a leather strap but I think you'd get into it 1122 at Wiod and we want to tell you right now about Benson's camera and video where we're going to be doing our thing with the written spud the Saturday if we can say spud on the air anymore we're going to be doing a little appearance down there calling uh oh geez Saturday who's show is going to be outlaw we're doing Collins on Saturday that's just dawned on me from noon to three here on 610 Wiod summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy you'll see the movie listen to the soundtrack where the T-shirt and reads the comic book and now just in time for Father's Day you can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie the soundtrack the T-shirt and the comic book new Dick Tracy Colone why smell like other guys now you can smell like Dick are you mobile yes I am how about that how are you sir okay I'm going about the track I heard you uh we're betting on a horse called fortress the lollolaga called wine fortress fortress yes where did you get that I was somebody who's telling me the other day I just thought I'd tell you that it was uh rumor that it was fixing to come back in the circuit again at fortress yeah they told me there's one horse called fortwaiths F-O-R-T-U-Y-S is that what the daughter of mine that's correct and I was betting on it yeah they said you want a lot of money off it boy somebody is doing some serious drugs sir trust me oh really somebody is on mute all right well I just thought it call let you know that okay okay okay okay okay okay so thanks a lot for your uh a ledge call um oh I thought we had another mobile thank god they're gone because they're all pain oh we have an opening in Palm Beach 655 fortwaiths fortress what the hell is he talking about huh he's a good old boy though huh he a good old boy 655 9463 655 W-Y-O-D let's go to lighthouse point deal what's the point how you doing okay the fresh veggie are you on a mobile no oh hold on man W-Y-O-D I'm telling the person's style well just hold on a second now what is it oh it's Timothy fresh veggie yeah Tim how are you good how you doing okay I guess one is out tomorrow lunch is out tomorrow we're not gonna be here tomorrow I know what about Thursday uh you're supposed to make Wednesday veggie day yeah well let's not get carried away you know to me let's so wait till next week okay but it was great everybody just went nuts good anybody you're mentioning us by in chance anybody mentioned yeah I'm so away everybody to came in it's really yeah well that's great yeah with Sandy so you want to cancel so week from Wednesday huh yeah we're not gonna be here tomorrow and then uh I don't because I'm not gonna eat any food at the thing tomorrow right I might have a little taste of that yogurt you know I can have a little taste of that but that's it yeah cause I need not be more than happy to bring it down Thursday for you well let's wait a week okay because I got a really you know before I go on vacation I got to really watch myself okay you got it okay Tim I'll see you next thanks I okay we have a couple of other lives now I can't believe a one in Broward one in Palm Beach 524 fascist in uh Broward and 655 pig 655 W-Y-O-D in Palm Beach W-Y-O-D yeah I heard point of the show last oh boy I think there are snakes in the rest all are the deer I don't believe in dangerous but he is safe yeah well these fine-bought fine balls of a feather hang out together and now they know he's a friend of Mr. Radio he's been putting on this act like Mr. Buddy all these for a long time I mean he's been hanging around for um oh going back to INZ so it's like four years now you know stainless is an extra week you gotta play the deal you gotta play the OJs in back step again that seems to be standing still thing every time I get to show which isn't very often it brings on somebody to rip me that seems to be the new tactic begging for a job you know this is really I need to this show today like I need hemorrhids okay like a week and a half before I'm going on vacation and I'm gonna turn this the the controls of this program over to Stan and Randy Martin I don't I have never met Randy but I know she's a nice person and she doesn't have a mean spirited the bone and her body and oh she hates Joey like poison so I know she can't be all bad but as far as Stan is concerned I mean I went to bed I jumped up and down like Wumble still skin I mean I want him on the show and he's gonna fill in and then like the one chance it chance he gets to be on before I go away he does this alleged alleged show and I say alleged because I haven't heard of but we can have this many liars in the audience you know what the hell is this man's problem what the hell is he why I'm asking you is your friend and I try to know what her friends like that who needs the Julia Caesar right I'm looking for a thing yeah it was a lot more pleasant thank god I didn't turn that on oh man I think you have yourself together do you understand how child is all of this is I mean Gilbert Gilbert has an excuse okay Gilbert has a brick that's missing okay or two or three he's got an excuse but these other people who are allegedly grown adult like real people who are who make just fools of themselves like Mr. Radio and this slime ball from the track super day even off it's their sign name people and it's been nauseous they make me puke okay oh well we have the broadcasters convention and it's like a bunch of little kids over there it's like the whole FPL syndrome and oh we had lunch with Ernie and we're going with Paul Law uh she makes your my skin crawl it makes me sick I was looking forward last night to stand so hoping that you know we had madam before long and we have to get some of you uh uh uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah you know you know you know you're not any more uh no way yeah why there must be a reason for it I think it was the appropriate color to with all apologies to our oriental friends I think this was a different kind of yellow you know I'm saying as in the yellow streak have a great day okay see I can do it too 1131 a Wild we have an opening and Broward one in Palm Beach those uh interesting those two lines seem to be the ones that are like kitty corner there aren't they like I like on the Hollywood squares and look at that there's Paul in the number four Wild Hold on Paul uh Helen Dale hello what's your story sir I don't have a story Neil okay let's go to Kendall hello that's Mr. Noboreau to you dummy uh South Miami how are you doing okay I listen the first time that I've ever like really listening to you you know this last yesterday and today why is that I don't live down the air where are you from I'm from Detroit original from Detroit oh my god not a telegraph and 12 mile on the South Bay and the tell 12 Mall oh really what that's where I used to live on 12 mile road all right off telegraph all right so why are you down here this time because the weather is great sir everything else sucks but the weather is great the last year that I was in Detroit which is 1971 it's snowed in June okay it's not I'm not joking there were flakes falling I mean we got a lot of flakes down here but they don't melt that's true but I wasn't camping now and it's snowed you know and Christmas well you must be a Dick Burton fan there what I'm sitting you must be a Dick Burton fan huh no no oh she's how could you be from Detroit not be a Dick Burton fan oh JPMocati I'm gonna bar fall over to have eating a thing all day JPMocati with a great voice and nothing to say oh no I had heard something on the news yeah I don't know ankles beer as a valuable source of fact cut yeah Joel can we get to your version of the stranger in the shore what is it that's just a little Dick Burton there to throw you off going I don't have anything which even McCarthy on it because he's too boring okay I want to want to say is I was watching he's doing it and it's all is controversy but we don't don't say it again so don't discuss that particular person yes you don't discuss any of that on the arrow okay okay because we're cowardly and spying less than a bunch of slime balls okay and easily intimidated oh I don't have a nice day I don't think he gets the message 1134 26 till noon the WI would be in the last thing in the world we would do is play any of that disgusting pornographic music there's even a hell of a time okay let's take a call in bokeh if we must tell oh bokeh gone never there online seven Miami lakes yep yep okay what do you want yeah yeah okay uh it's one of the ones you know first time call uh and uh as far as to last through yeah I sold them two jaguars first of all I sold the one that's it's there in the news they got rich enough to buy two mm-hmm I'm pretty soon they'll come in and buy a fleet unbelievable yeah and maybe I sure have never come in and buy a fleet too fleet animal yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and uh watching the news last I had the first three articles on the news two life group burning the flag and then uh they've been suits on the beaches mm-hmm I mean what's this world coming good sure all I can tell you I think it's pointless to keep repeating this over and over again keep your passport handy and just uh you know keep an airline ticket there you go spare one in the closet okay you take care of yourself okay sir you too Wild okay that said vocaline man just a bunch of slime balls up in Boca can't imagine who it might be Wild hey new yeah I don't think it should be a very fair share of net don't you really you're doing that pony bush on the phone while you're doing this call sure is there special reason no that's my voice there's no phone is it really well no one I don't care what you think Wild yeah I just want to get one thing straight well work on it 24 till noon at Wild we have an opening in date one in Boca I got to do a break here I don't have time for all these pseudo-one-luxial mobile callers anyway Arnold's world castle is a place that you will follow boom bee a Nick head block plane station good one what is it I'm gonna already show in here I know that you're got a lot of important stuff going on a Wild that sucks uh we have one open line in date one in the brown or Wild yeah this is going with two words what's going on no it's not no it's not yes it is no it's not imposter no no no no wait wait no wait no sir so seriously stick us through the phone let's take a look I'm trying to recognize the thumb okay listen listen that is your thumb is it eat no my pinky listen hold on a second Wild I O.D. Yeah you do okay listen listen it's in the watch itself at um number number of times of ruleboard on Hollywood it's on um 75 there's three lined up and still for 45 we got a cop leading the database going 45 behind them pick report so I just thought let's you know thank you sir I listen take a life what is it he's say leasing okay go ahead leasing I don't understand what they're the one these people speaking ways okay I want to put it up there how are they talking about I want to put everything out on the table just like Bart Simpson I want to lay everything out on the table yeah I bet you do and they're called to listen no leasing what do you want don't let the guy on the mobile to claim to be Joelle with two else yeah yeah she's still even a callers now we got like real Joelle's an imitation Joelle so I'm worried about it okay I don't know I'm not very different to me he's the one that he's as long as we don't have people with hepatitis calling and with the strange conflict with all of their complexed this and even one that we're starting at fast-least using coral gays I don't care who the hell he is okay but even in the monogables and he's got a serious problem to begin with it's called life he floats around everyone's gonna love that anyway by the way we do have it open line in date 751 wio drive just like to call the Joelle and pastor a major league the spot but this is like a self-serving you're like a self promoting now well because they're in my calling with a crankman you're like a ring in Nick DeVar yourself promoting that's very bad the only reason I'm trying to clear the situation he might call with a you know with a crankman or say we don't work and they don't let me on the air we don't care okay the audience doesn't care either okay if you never called again I mean don't take it personally if you never called again I don't care yes you remember this Nick DeVar okay bye boy 1142 now I got the feeling yesterday morning when I came in that there've been something in the water or something in the air in this entire area and now I'm positive about it because I listened to the afternoon to do on an offering working class and it wasn't much different there was some really bizarre oh and then it was that one woman what the hell was she talking about that drove me nuts called in yesterday afternoon oh yeah think I'm negative this woman about oh it's so hot here I've been here all my life a young woman if now if you don't like how weather what why are you still here I mean what the hell are you doing here go to Buffalo okay there's a bus leaving every hour talk about fetchy bitchy hysterical people oh it's been so hot lately it's 1143 West Palm Beach yeah hasn't it been hot yeah yeah who is this yeah I know that's why you asked coconut creek oh yeah little kids called him at home let's go to a popano hello nobody there north by me beach hello Neil yes just found a little one one second what do you want Aaron hold on W.Y.O.D. Neil what Joe you knew of two things in common okay we'll find out in a second what is it a year friend also called Rick and Subshow Friday and Rick down you there about the same thing what friend Paul Harvey Jr and ragged on me I don't think why heard I heard the call I he was mad because you wouldn't let him talk and stuff I would let him talk yeah when he got called here so he was calling and complaining on Rick and Subshow and what are they telling at they just didn't say anything there were probably speechless so you can even ensure the time he's just saving himself and just like to hear himself self a grandizing self promoting douche back yeah he's a boy okay okay thank you okay I think we're finally separating the men from the glam here today it's loving 44 we have an opening in date one in Palm Beach 751 W YOD in date 655 jerk in Broward in Palm Beach W.Y.O.D. uh uh Neil please hold on please that's a crank now what is it what's this the nasty call yours yeah yeah okay W.Y.O.D. what is it I hear my my pop up poster how do you like that that's how chronic he is yeah now I don't think this should be dancing the show he's banned from this show he's a history okay thank you sir W.Y.O.D. hello yes I'm calling on the Palm Beach line well I'm impressed well thank you all right okay let's go to a coral springs on the bokeh line morning Neil morning hey we know that but we can't put it on the air now what is it I was just saying before you get to negative Neil I just want to re-emphasize the great game that covers play last night yeah let's go with that again after my pitch play let's add a shoot for the moment it's better let's shoot for Uranus hey Neil can I say something one thing about this two-life crew yeah yeah yeah so it's pretty boring you know it's getting pretty pondered well you know all these people like calling up going what what can we do well you know there's such a thing as a voter's registration card yeah forget it yeah forget it yeah I'm gonna have it not gonna have it I'm gonna have a reelection for another like four years or something I'm not worried about okay what is it enough for election in two more out by two more years they're gonna forget all about people here don't vote the only people in voter the old parts they have nothing else to do they go out there and big numbers they get on the bus they haven't early bird they go to vote and that's why you got people like Bob Cox in the clip are on all these other in the kid forget it just to have it all time forget it forget it forget it forget it forget it for get it we got broccoli head bush up there and watch them with that space kid advice president just forget it I promise you I wasted twelve years of my life it's like somebody stole all his years out of my life screaming and yelling and trying to motivate people forget it people are space kid that's okay they don't care I dream it you know it's the simple you know the past four handy and have a nice day sir please we have another they started uh... speaking of simplistic that was the whole ragan approached everything simplistic solution to complex problems that they had no answer for so Nancy of course started just they know to drugs here in south Florida we have just say no to life w i o d you know it is pretty i know hold on a second that's another crank problem i have to know and w i o d we want to tell you again about the uh... spec music and video thing we're doing tomorrow the grand opening of their newest location dah don't now You've got a really valuable portion of the day Fuck it, it's written by my never eaten your face So you've been free We'll better all it with me That maple chicken for me You've got a lot of troubles Nothing's left to throw up down I hear you throw up, drown I hear you throw up, drown I hear you throw up, drown I hear you throw up, drown I hear you throw up, drown I hear you throw up, drown When did he prove he's been to YZ? I hear you throw up, drown What if his mobile and bokeh is still there? I doubt it Hello You're there, I am amazing Amazing Does one of you know we're rolling some tape And Dick Burton's going to hear your show today I talk to him the other night And Ray It's a wonderful thing to say about it How are you doing, Dickie, baby? I tell you one thing that Ham Tramic Mama's going to She's going to get his ass sooner or later, just watch it Absolutely, you know he's still doing the poker fest there You know what I wish he would send me, do you really know him? What's that? I wish he would send me, he's got those old gear And he's got those old gear Absolutely, he's still playing them Yeah, I know I heard him when I was up there a couple of years ago If he could, because there are like pams is out of business And God, if I get my hands on some of those, I would go nuts Well, I'm sure once the years of tape and I'll let him know for sure Pretty please, I don't like the big dick, but God Almighty please I would do anything All right, now I have a great day Thank you, sir God, Dick Burton, a legend And I thought there's a tour of who called me Before from Detroit, the one I was so boring And listen to JPM McCarthy I mean, that's okay, like when you get to be 90 And you like to hear like a 60 cycle tone You know, they just draw like the sandy paint and show drones There's a mobile here a ledge, hello Goodbye, then I can't wait there long with spending on airtime Miami, hello Alex, say hello to Burton Okay, stop Miami Yes, sir, do you know who Dick Burton is? Well, you know, but he might leave you some money as well If you say hello real nice He's up in Oh, look at that, there's the Luther camp, and two live crew on MTV I'll be dang, huh? How do you like that? Don't say that I'll be darn But you'll have a question, and what's the question? The guard talk portion of the show? Yes, is your vegetation having a little problem? Absolutely, I can't get something to grow in your fruit Are you having a little problem with your fruit? Oh, the steak Uh-huh Maybe it's cucumbers Just keep moving on, don't worry about material Just keep moving on I have nothing to say I'm going to say that But I think, but it's a bit pretty good call Yeah, thanks, I think probably spend all day Okay, well, hold on a second, we'll come back to you Oh, but line in Boca, 2789463 278 Wild God, if I didn't know Dick Burton was going to get a taper There's had to play that whole bit Let's go to a Pembroke Pine, hello Hi Neil, how are you? Great I wonder if I'm great, I felt great when I came in The Cubs One Last Night Everything's great, I'm going on vacation And we can have an end I come in, I hear all this stuff about this Backpwriting sabotage, this grow Test stuff that allegedly took place last night With my good, close personal friend Stan And my good buddy who's always smiling You know faces me face to face Paul Harvey, Junior, Du Spag I didn't get to hear it, but I've got something for you Well, just make something up then No, this isn't make it up, this is the truth Okay Pembroke Pine has the largest concentration of Two stags in the United States of America Can you still say that? I can say it over and over and over again Oh, no, no, no Yeah Are you there? You know, I think we could raise a lot of money for charity Maybe for the Camilla sauce We could get sheriff Nick and Mayor Cox to see Amstow, me so horny And Holly Oh man, can you imagine? No, I mean you just got to come out here one day What are you talking about? I've been around the block if you've time for this town I've been around the block if you've time for this town Garden, maybe you could have the guy that can't hold the The guy's got problems with the garden Is they raised on the air? Is passing me by When you come down The sun is shining, the birds are singing There's one doing a little thing on my car And a parking lot will pigeon to everything's fine Everything is just fine Isn't that what that's simple and you need to use to be On a show you to say That's right I know if it hates the show now because I don't have a sidekick Because now he has to pay a little attention Well, I don't know he doesn't like that Huh? I don't hate the show, I think you're great The show is great and it's 100 times better without that Simpring little fool that used to be here Sucking up the free food and making a little He did Rackrod, you know, like a jerk And Rick and Soch to take a trip back to Waxley What are you talking about their great? I'm just kidding Oh man, they are great I don't listen to Waxley anyway Well, who the hell would it by the way? If you del allegedly weren't what the ron you do with that thing Did you see it in the paper today? I didn't see it, I know that he was positively going back to Waxley You can tell how hot he is in the market By the fact that not one person is called about this You del return to Waxley expected Monday morning That is Friday Right, well, thing is But no one is going to switch over that I'll tell you that right now He started at Waxley before But nobody really realized that When that was You prove what goes around come to Waxley That's right Right Greg That's right You're probably as new to this Still over there with the Oh look at this We got stand on the bat line Isn't that incredible? Incredible I'm going to nail his ass good Okay Have a great day Bye bye What do you want? Bubble Yeah, I'll give you a mobile What's all this crap I keep hearing? Well, it must be lying We've had like 40,000 calls here And they are all going to use that One One I'm stuck back You allowed Mr. Radio who is a close personal friend of that Slymbol, pastey, Confusion Yeah, I didn't understand why Who had already or Friendly with the guy Who? That's a close personal body I didn't know And just remember Chronic's of a feather Do it together Okay, stand Yes But You know The rumors are just Yeah, well, I must all be a bunch And must be a set up We're going to get you I don't know why people are calling Let's see that part I mean, that part so ridiculous I won't even comment on that Well, no, it was a bit show the fun What do you mean it was a good show Everybody is calling And it's just dumping all over you Sing that all you did was go back And belly ache about used Have these numbers which is like ancient history Oh, I find it all Harvey You see, I think I don't like these people People like Slymbol All a complexion Slymbol He'll call Harvey Jr He looks good less Who doesn't Who has been in here during the show And I'm here There's been it the personal appearances Of course, ten times a day And to my face in my ear Ah, you know Mr. Happiness And then stabs you in a back The first chance he gets when he knows you're watching The Cubs kick the crap out of the meds He didn't stab you in the back This Mr. Rick No, he stab me in the chest I just had a stroke eight weeks ago And this Slymi Yield complexion Pasty Aller've looking piece of mong Comes on your show What do you want, Stan? I look good last Yeah, did he? Well, I'm sorry to hear about you I love you Yeah, screw him So do I manage your radio I'll same my boat I choose your whole program by once Think and call Well, better not be by this one Alleright Uncle I know why you called in I've been doing women going on this for two hours And as soon as he heard that Dick Perten Was getting a tape of the show This Slymbol was on the phone You believe it? And he's not even coughing You see, none of that He's trying to really do a cute call here for pertinent Okay Send him a chain goes there Yeah Send me the, uh, I'm not going to say it Have a great day Stand by Okay, get rid of him Okay, what do we got? Gail? Gail not so bright is here with our new WIOD news He's just a gail shorts Gonna do it And we're going to come back in 12.05 and continue this Now do a good job because Dick Perten is listening to you Troy, he's got a lot of money And then Rick and Cuts will be along at two o'clock Sports talk in 6.05 And to show you what a great sense of humor We have here at WIOD We've got another Yankee game at 730 tonight Newsjog radio 610 WIOD presents Neorodgers Dick in a touch of joc Call 751 WIOD in days 524 WIOD in Broward Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach Other areas may call Colette The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers I'm not necessarily those associations Now here's Neorodgers On New Stock Radio 610 WIOD So 524 WIOD That life is faster me by Oh wait a second We got a mobile are you there? Yep, so You don't want to wait too that whole thing, do you? No Well how do you like that? That's not that out of the corner of my eye I have a list of the news Sometimes the best things I see are out of the corner of my eye That's right And then I'm T.P. in the middle of the show Alright, I get two quick things to say Last night there was a quick show It's called Man, a baseball heirlooms And they had a 15 documentary On Rhythmic Field Yeah And it's big and sunrise baseball heirlooms They're big on that Yeah, it's interesting Oh man Then they wouldn't hire to rub to that for this guy Wait, hold on Oh, can't I was going to get good The quick guy this day may have to make I can From your corners I can shut I can judge that this is serious It's right, probably in the state of Florida No question That's what we're here for to prove it Just say no to the callers Take your body Okay Right Sometimes I see My eyes just ask for me Bye Okay, I think that might be better In little spurts if we play that way We have it opening in dates 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 7 5 1 Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? No, it's good jerk Let's go to a plantation Oh my Good name For a game I go It's on another 11 Try this day Oh He may not That was beautiful I like the way he sort of that After he potted it up Wild Hey, how are you? Okay Listen, you can't Can't find so I'll be gone Well, in Kindle you gotta do that Don't they have stars who pass forth Listen, you got a couple Mungheads over there Overwhere Rick Riley In Joseph Decky Joseph Decky Yeah, he used to pitch for the Cardinals This guy But the rate is a sports show on IOD Radio, yes No personality Rick Riley has no personality Oh, I mean he but Oh, he's there you're gonna rag on my buddies now My pals And Joseph Decky can't even stand up for himself And somebody calls him up the rips him Sunny Hershey got to take over the program And call the caller names Because I am their token Love tool Yeah, he's telling me And Joseph Decky I saw a mettee Not Joe There you are everything that's wrong with America I think this is a subversive comedy Pinko Nazi fascist call And I hope you have a nice day That's me Probably the WIOD Let's, uh, Miami B Now that's interesting Are you, uh, you be in Miami? Te Paso Hey, it is in Miami B How you been? Okay, how you be? Good I be pretty good Joseph? I be babbling No, I have no idea Give me a hint Don't say it right out loud Does that take all the tension out of it? Hold on a second WIOD Hi Yes? Do you want to speak to me? Oh, is this real? Hold on a second Are you holding? Sure Oh, thank you so much Now what is it? You got the tension out of it now? The specs ring a bell The specs does ring a bell Will be there tomorrow I have no idea who this is Eric Eric Oh my god He loves all the friends Yeah, well that's how they all are What's happening? Here today go on tomorrow That's what Alex Beno used to say I'll be there tomorrow Oh man, are we excited about that? Eric Great Same as he Yeah, we'll save you a seat The hot seat Hey, about him dogs What? About him dogs What fell the same thing? George a bull dog National champs In what? Baseball Like cross? Baseball Are they one of college world series? You got it? It's over I didn't even watch the few games early And stop paying any attention What I got really boring Because most of the guys are pretty ugly anyway Give it to you so that I'm in bed Yeah, that's what does it for me I had decided they ball hitting that aluminum man I get like a rush Don't you Eric? He comes on the time Yeah, then you're here kind of like stand up straight on end Well listen, Eric will be looking for you tomorrow Because I can see this call is really good like no purpose Condor is right? Yeah Which will pay in our book Where you been? Working Paying? Working hard Okay, well keep it up See you tomorrow Bye How about that? There are lots of people come out to see in the greet him, Eric, he'll be there Ah Wiodame Oh, yes What is it? Well all the friends of who you want Are you a friend of the show or you an enemy? Are you like him between? Oh, I knew I didn't know it was you Well hold on a second I knew Oh, geez What? Give me a special small Which one? Are you listening to a wait a minute I just woke up Are you going to go get bored spot is on MTV I don't have time for your nonsense I just woke up I just woke up Oh, look at that Hmm Do they want to go on this game? No, the one down on South Dixie The brand new one The sunny landplains The 119th in South Dixie Can you navigate your body down there sir? Uh, I don't know I don't know Pretty far Yeah, it's pretty far Okay, thanks a lot Bye Up yours Pretty far Uh Uh It's a ten past noon The Wiodame The diet right so does good But after a while After the first 40 or 50 You start to build up a little pressure Wiodame Nobody there Crank all No one else The next The next The Wiodame Okay, in regard to that previous call We're going to be a special tomorrow But not the one on this game We were there last time We're going to be at the brand new one 11921 South Dixie highway And sunny land Doing a show from ten to two And Eric is going to be there That should be a big incentive for a lot of you From out free food from pizza loft You know how good that is Quotter hour drawings Proceedies from specs And free frozen yogurt From TCBY And a chance to register to win That $4,500 satellite system From the dish doctors So come on I will see them are attended to a Brand new specs down in South Dave 11921 South Dixie And a sunny land plaza Okay, we have an opening in the Broward 524 Wiodame Mobile on 4 is gone I'm sure Negative five here Can't believe it The pigs are out on 595 in full force We're about Going west As soon as you They're out at 136 But they're picked I picked them up right around Pulling going high eight Uh-huh So watch out Oh boy, it's good It's good to get to And go to Mommies today There are big trouble There's like 12 of them out there Incredible Well it's good to know that we're really being protected Down here, you know between them And sure if Nickman we don't have a damn thing to worry about Also the coast is playing I still adopt your freedom right now As we speak One of the greatest in history That is a great song Yeah, it's a great album Well how are you listening to But them and me at the same time Well I was listening to them I had I've called like 30 times today It's been busy in your number Well they show us smoking sir I'm telling you Most of the colors are too It's the phone's hot right Yeah, that's what Stan is saying That's what he would say Did you hear his show last night? Uh, just briefly because I had to run out To the store So I flipped him on But what's happened? Yeah, when I turned him on I get to run this too Usually Yeah, that's what I was doing Running this door He was vicious I mean brutal I can't believe that he's calling To the Pacific He did! He just called before the news Are you listening to Johnny Darkover on the coast, damn? Anyway Uh, she later Okay, say goodbye, please I goodbye please Okay It's 1216 at WIOD Let's go to a collect from Daytona And you know who that is That's that slime ball Hello Greetings Yeah, slime ball Why are you asking to me? What do you want? I would call to say hi to you Who is this? It's the not Johnny Dark No, we know who it is Why are you calling this show? You don't listen to this show I don't know why you're this No, no listen to me Yeah And don't start using New York Lying in Lingo on the show We don't talk that way here Okay, that's against the law No seriously, why don't you just go away I like your show We don't like you Why can't why can't you just Why can't you just listen Johnny Darkmushes told you No Johnny Darkdon say anything He said he hates your like poison I don't my life isn't dictated by Johnny Dark I don't get my values from Johnny Dark You're chronic Okay, and you call You call last night You're ripp me for like a half an hour I had you didn't I did not call who? Who is this? Mr. Radon Yeah, oh and he didn't call Stan last night We've already got plenty We have to put the Parliament Our singing I want to testify Okay I do that I want to By the way, wish you if anybody has your record I want to testify By the Parliament says one of my favorite I bet you Dick Pertons got that record From Kiner 13 Now we're talking serious radio Okay, asshole Excuse me What? Have you ever bathed in their chips? Have I ever bathed in their chips? Have I ever bathed in their chips? Filled your tub up with cassettes and bathed With an I asked you a question? Yes Have you ever bathed? Yes Just period With R and R So with anything With host Yes With Johnny Darkdon and E What do you want? I want to take it What do you want? Why don't you leave us alone You ass I want to take it What? You want to take a call? Yes On this show? Yes See now we start sounding like super Dave I don't think there's only one On the next stick pertain Why don't you call? He said a lot of ass and I'm things in your life Do you understand that Dick Perton is God With a God with a mustache? He's horrible 1218 and WIOD Pember Pines, hello I guess, I know how are you the same I got a good sense of you I'll put up with a lot of crap When he starts attacking Dick Perton What is that? What? That stuff And the back there That's amazing That I hear Come on, let's go I like that I get like your logic vibrations from that Really? And now that you're getting call waiting On a lot of things I'm waiting for him That was not a funny story No, not at all That wasn't Mr. Radio that's right Who was it? I don't It was not Mr. Rish's super Dave No, it wasn't super Dave Who is this? Yes, it's super Dave Yeah, that's what I just said 1219 and WIOD We have an open it see There's two back to back Two more ons that I don't want to talk to I hate them like poison And they just insist calling the show And what we're going to have to do Is how a couple of big black guys Maybe two live cruel do it So they can get busted again Take them out in the woods And beat the crap out of both of them And leaving for dead like Don Cox from power 96 Okay, look what it did for him We have an opening in Boca 278 WIOD And now all of a sudden after those two Discussion calls two and Broward five to four I don't blame you five to I wouldn't call you The WIOD Go ahead George I can't handle it What is that? A group of kids out there in a hallway We just kidnapped them or what Okay, what we're doing is we got a bunch of kids We've kidnapped out in the hall And we're going to be giving the names If the parents are listening We're going to be giving the names in the Dollar amounts out during the one to two hour And you better get your ass over here fast WIOD I'm dying over here Hold it WIOD Can I do it? Okay Are you disgusted and revolted by these chronic Disurberies who are destroying my showster? It's broken It is disgusting Rotest subhuman and we love it Exactly So how many? Okay, is that it? That's it Okay, open line in Boca 278 WIOD These kids don't know who the hell I am And let's keep it that way Okay, send them over to the coast Play something that's a Billy Joel music Anyway, speaking of a great little trip right by you Seven South Florida Chauhats are doing it right now And every week they've got a new Neil Deal In fact, if you really want to be a jerk, he is going to say What's the Neil Deal this week? Like you're some kind of a lemon Or you can listen to the show And we'll tell you every week like this week It's a big juicy quarter pound Traberal chicken sandwich Tuck sticks Tuck sticks Tuck sticks When this is New York show It just made me smile When this is New York show Alright, it's the 1223 WIOD Those kids were from the whispering springs, pines, elementary school Or whatever the hell is cover bridge Nice little kids, okay? Get them out of here Let's go to Miami Hello Neil Hi Hey, how are you doing pal? I'm calling the reference to the two last crew Not seen it Ah, geez Do we have to continue this all day all week all life going? Yeah, but the problem is, you know, we're a distributor here and day And we just have a question Why not two? Why not two? You just want? We are a distributor in Miami Record distributor Yes sir And we had two people walking asking for the two-life crew album And we actually don't have it We directed them to a couple of stores Then they ended up going over there And they cited these people there from Broward Walking into Dade Telling them that they cannot sell that record What's going on? Neil I mean, we're having people from Broward Walking into Dade Oh, I think it's a comedy's to plot sir You know that comedy's to comedy's to? Yeah They're spreading like a disease sir It's a virulent growing spreading disease Neil, can they do that to us? Hey listen Did he ever ask questions? No Okay Okay, I'll be back Okay, I'll be back Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay We have an open line in Dade County 7519463 Wild What's up? Your fascist pigstation for the 90s Hey, you know what? What? The guys are the chronics to keep calling you? Yeah Are they his bad as the donut guy? No Let's go to North Miami Beach Hi Neil Hi, I'm a brilliant comedy routine on cable last night That you might want to record this Thursday night's George Carlin's do We can't pick that up in Broward They block it up Oh, well, it's worth recording If anybody in Dade can, it's Thursday night 11 o'clock It's a really epic I'm not going to go on Go to the other side Come on, let me go I'm not going to search for ship in language and religion Yeah It's well worth catching We don't have censorship and so forth Sir, this is America Just keep that in mind Okay, this is the land of the free and the home of the grave Well, I think it's a great time I think it's George Carlin's style is used the same criteria on the Bible It could probably be banned all of You know that, George Carlin's style is used to be the sidekick on the Cisco kid Did you know that? He could be Pancho He probably was Yeah, he sees go Yeah, that was him I'm cereal Well, we've got to explain a few things to you It does Too many trips on that horse trail Too many trips side settle down the old highway He's sliding off onto his head Exactly But Thank you might want to take this There is an I love an o'clock Okay, what's it on? HBO comedy hour Okay It's a best routine I've ever seen Carl and do Okay Thank you, lots of you And we'll notify our sites up at the FCC too Even though it's not going over the pubic airways We want to make sure that our fanges friends up in Washington are very very conscious That all these comedy-pink-o provocateurs are running around coast to coast Steering up a lot of trouble Making our kids sex crazed and drug driven and nuts Miami Hello Yes Do you remember the song by Ace Cannon called Tuss? What about it? All right, I was just making you and the other day I was least mean That was only a half of an expression In fact, we're going to be playing the other half to San Fernando And I'll have a record of touch show Why do you wait? Tuss was the first part Go hamster, I just a little joke Um I guess I don't know whether the original record was in stereo or not But whatever that feed is that they get They only played one channel Haven't been doing that for two days, I mean QAM? Yeah, they never went on sound No, no, it's not a feed they have a they've got a new CD player over there And they're missing a channel Oh, like on some records you hear only the instrumentally You don't hear the vocals Yeah It's freaky, yeah I heard doing it I just let you know about that great sound I learned five six I'm telling you, the stories I hear When Randy Martin comes over here to fill in I bet you she's going to have some incredible stories to tell Yeah, all right, yeah, I'll catch you tomorrow Okay, thank you I'll read the there We have two open lines in Dave County, can you believe that? Um, be there, probably I'll be taking away on trains right now On the FEC tracks, we don't want to get anybody alarmed But there are a lot of people in Dave County being carted on the trains On the FEC tracks by Brown Churton, BSO, companies to fashion Big douche bags and take it off to a summer camp W-I-O-D Ricken sudsuh Okay, good one That sounded just like Bill Marshall Don't it? So, you can't fool me with that squeaky crappy voice You're not fooling anybody, okay? Boy, they are so jealous of Ricken Puts W-I-O-D I-O-D Do you hear me? Cut, just now Okay What's your story? Uh, this is Neil, I was... Are you like a little slow today, sir? Can you speed up the pace a little bit? Yeah, what are you coming by surprise? That's the idea, we like to catch guys by surprise Yeah, what do you think I saw you, uh... Unlikely A couple weeks ago, it's the E-N-Rockel Tell? No, I've never been to the E-N-Rockel Tell in my life Why not? Beautiful Well, good luck, you have a good time Cunningine passed noon in W-I-O-D Let's go to Pompano I can't believe some of the people that called It wasted time and not say anything at all Exactly, like this one In a little bit of defendable Harvey Tanger, I would like to hear Defending the defenseless The yellow guy Hold on, W-I-O-D Go ahead I didn't hear him say anything about you not letting him speak It was a power say that You know, it's pretty interesting, this is like how tails get spread Vicious, nasty rumors and gossip We've had about a dozen the enters, yourself included Now, calling in about all of this And it's just amazing to me how we get all these different versions I mean, they're all like different shades of yellow Well, I heard a caller say it, I didn't hear him say The other one's he's called kind of reflects his complexion It's good popularity John offered all, Dolph at Linebacker and great human being Will be on with Rick and Puts tomorrow It's weird, Clark, I have no idea why And Captain Kendall, the car expert will be there on Friday So they're starting in with these guests again with Rick and Puts Oh boy Well, I like the guy said, what is it? Another one of these clinics that you never mentioned It's a guy and his e-calls himself, Fabian Yeah, he calls you and he says Yeah, I know, W-I-O-D Well, it's like speaking, you were asking Speaking, what? I said, speaking Oh, no, I did Can I interpret that for you, sir? No, I think I can get that one Good, are you doing? Okay, how are you doing? All right, I'm holding on, W-I-O-D How's that again? Hold it Okay, go ahead, I'm sorry Sir I'm calling from where? Connecticut No way Yep, I was in Florida eight months Let's be all right How come you didn't call collect? I should have, huh? Yeah Oh, well, the right off Yeah, that's good I'm at work It's a bosses phone Yeah Excellent Yep The things changed out there No sir I'm sure we aren't watching the National News All right, well it's good to hear you I'll have to call again on the first time calling Great, what part of Connecticut? I'm in Gail, sorry I beg your pardon Yeah Gail's ferry Yeah Don't say that again Okay, have a great life Oh, yeah, I'd like to call somebody to do that Go ahead When I was in Florida, I worked for the guy's deal My screen and partner Yeah Call him to do that Okay Thanks nails I'll read the lyrics How do you say? Sometimes I see you myself Okay, let's say Wiodee Line checker Let's go to Boka Hello Line 7 Never anybody there Danya 13Q Got some of these Wiodee I start captain Kendall at the farm roof Q Who cares? On open line in date county 751 Wiodee Wiodee Wiodee Wiodee Wiodee How do you deal? Wiodee Wiodee Yeah What do you want? What do you want, Cranker? What do you want? I've never got most Wiodee T-P-4 It's funny We don't, all of y'all are nuts just like it once Came out of the water work Just because the Mr. Radio and Looks super shmuck called in a little while ago He's not an invitation Okay Wiodee Hey, how's it going? Okay I mean, it's really hard to get people Brother here I mean, what's your story? I don't know I just can't believe all this stuff's going on What? Oh, what's so? People are, we can't, we're, what the teachers can't on the beach anymore It's going on We can't treasure eyes ourselves Are doing a key string on the beach No, we can't go over here What are we going over here? They can't do it while I'm not going over here, it's a little skin No, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... What was that? I've written it in a while, I am anyways I know We're tired of you two 1233 at Wiodee We have an open line in Broward 524-crank 524-cycle And we do want to say it just again So you don't forget And I don't know how you possibly I don't know what you want Wiodee, what you want Boy, are they dead? Are you there? Are you gone? Plantation. Dead or lie? Okay, by the way, Chuck Meyer come in today. I think Chuck is under the weather boy. Pirates is barely pulled out when I last night. I was joking about it the other day and nobody seen him a sense. Pomp and O. How's it going? Okay, hold on a second. W-Y-O-D. Who's this? Who's this? This is a big G. The B-G. Well, we're tired of talking to you. Okay. I was my first time calling him a how many years. Every time you left the other station. Yes. So how's it going? It's going okay. You know, I can't figure out what's going on over here. Came out there. They all have any white seats anymore. I'm time. I feel like I've done. You sort of shortage of done's caps too. Have you noticed that? I can't believe it. They're all gone. Yeah. And all the AF Hitler a little bit. Up and day, they said they're feeling a little Planished this week and they're all kind of hanging out together. So they're all hanging out. All on their pickup truck and a big old dog. I think that's that big old dog's ship. You know, that shotgun in the back of the pickup truck? Yes. We're going to go on the woods this week and hang a couple of suckers. Okay. So what's going on? Yeah. And I have this burning feeling in my heart. The things will be okay. I don't think so. We got our old favorite guy Nick up there. Yeah. Nickhead. He's a new lawyer. Well, let's not talk about this for days to come. My God. I'm going to wake up at the panzy's. Okay. And you just discovered this. How come you people are also slow? Is that there's a reason for it? Well, I think we were just aware of the fact that the FAA We back was so far, I think. The FAA? Well, FCC, whatever. Oh, my God. I can't believe it. The man just inspired me. I forgot I was going to play this today. And you just gave me an inspiration. You thought it was a pretty boring call, right? I did. Well, it was right up until now. Okay. Thank you, sir. It was worth it. John, what memory, huh? Only on the faithful days you can hear this one. Whatever you do, don't step on it, babe. Papa, what are we going to do? I say, Papa, we are all being proved. I say, listen, why is this happening? We want the everything we get. Of our sons, Papa. There's no way for us now, even today. All of our daughters, the mouth you can listen. But now you will find any words that will come from your mind. No fun to be so nobody of these things. No fun to be so poor, that they are these things. There'll be nothing less for us to enjoy. We can be playing with children's voice. No fun to be so nobody of these things. No fun to be so poor, that they are these things. And what I want us to be clean, they say they know what we should deal. They try to fix it to us, what is really here. And young at all, these listen to us. I say, don't know, please don't put up a fuss. Papa, what are you saying? We have to keep that you mind, come back with one thing you rather. Can't do it, are you? Tell us, let's all help him. Don't put it up on the cell, let's be happy with you. No, just how you feel, and maybe we can't decide that we'll meet him. As if you're what are you doing, we'll do like a piece of what I hear you in the world. All waiting for us, why? In fact, they might die, because of the us, these feelings, What we can do, at the end you can watch me, can't say. You be mistriding, you've got no record, that's the music, learn. You've got, I'm talking to you, I say, Don't put it up on the cell, let's end and fight for what you've been your honor. In case you're far so we can tell you, see what we have to say, Are you rather, and so far are you side, true love. We have nothing to hide, young and bad, Get your opinions out and maybe the answer will take us. Oh, I'm a beauty, in the morning now, In the evening now, the one knows what we're trying to say. We are the pieces of life, and a beauty, go away. Give up all that, let's see, see, let's live a life for you. Let's see, see, see, see. Go with it, I'll see a little bit of that, I'll tell you, Tell me about it, I'll tell you, go with it, I'll tell you, go with it, I'll tell you, go with it, I'll tell you, go with it, I'll tell you, go with it. How 42 a W.Y. of D.A. has a model that I'm sure is gone. I don't but- And we would understand it. I know. I'm still here. I hear it. It's so well, but we hear you know something what's that I am Total stock and lately you're a total truck about one well Yeah, I'm church on Sunday that I went one of these school teachers Call me that he misses your show and not the mention his name what's his name? Pablo Pablo. Yeah, I'm gonna call him Pablo. He's a closet. Yeah, but he's a closet something Yeah, he's a closet and then now I'm training a salesman today, okay? Is a name a church? Yeah, but when you show you it's you're too old to house If I saw Jorge, yeah, yeah, yeah, they all are you believe it? Yes, I do There are a lot of those closet people out there and that Not really should about trying to both guys. Maybe even Nick Navarro's a closet bill is I'm talking about Nick I'm right in front of the bar county court house. All right. Go get him. Should I visit? Go get him. Okay, but thank you Whatever you say 1243 the people are just as we're there better today than yesterday, but still in coherent We have an opening in Broward 524 WildD and one on the useless vocal line at 2789463 278 WildD Miami New Holden Wild Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. Yes, yeah, yeah, this is big Mike and North Miami hold on WildD Holded Johnny a big Mike. Yes You know what that was that mean? That's that's my M.O Well, we don't we don't have only Haley's has M.O What is this? Listen Neil. We don't have nick names. So what is this? They become chronic and their lives become disrupted and they become disruptive and we start hating each other just be like Joe Schmoll I apologize just be like a regular Schmoll like everybody else I'm going Neil can I just say one time? I'm a member of the High-emash mendrix. It's enough with uh you talked enough goyama already for one day. What do you want? Hold it WildD Okay, we'll get him in a second. What is it Neil listen? It's enough with Sheriff Nick in the pubic air police But I'm at home having my lunch guys. You have questions. Yes, what time is your show on? My show starts from 10 to two where what station? I listen to how you do Yeah, no, I mean your show you must have a show don't you? No, I don't sir. Well, then like you're telling me what we should be talking about I don't know what you're not just commenting on one thing if I could Hello, now listen, I'm here don't start getting good defensive one sir. It's enough with the other the pubic air police But now they're having the uh the uh back to the bathing suit police out you haven't you can't expect you already He's commented about that sir. Keep your cheeks in your pants. Okay. It's the anal floss police They have that is correct and I have the I can't tolerate that anymore I like to go out to the beach and I just those my cheeks are like a little sun Sir, we've heard about you covered up 1245 with Wild we have an open line in date county 751 Nazi and the Palm Beach dead as a door nail now 278 and 655 Wild And it's for the Nazi that he is hold on let's go to North Miami. Hello. I know. Yes, sir Yeah, I want to talk to you about fat. Well, let's do it in a minute. Wild Dean. What is it? Okay, we're just spit it out Wild Hmm, so we can have a rash of those an epidemic Wild Okay, what is it fat? fat. Oh, I want to talk to you about hemorrhage sir No, really they all use you've been an inspiration to me. I put on about 70 pounds over the last year When you had your problem in there It just it doesn't really work just it doesn't really take it off. Yes, sir, but you start no Really no I'm 265 well get rid of what's I get started Wild Wild See these are all calls from the brow county sheriff's office. Okay. We're tracing them and it's amazing how many cranks are coming in from the BSO Wild Hey, don't know okay Now they're gonna try to disrupt the truck programs that don't approve of the fascist Comedy think goes stuff that they're pulling off now. We're gonna start getting all kinds of crank calls from the sheriff's department Because they haven't got anything better to do I think the people we ought to be out of waiting panty stores and getting lawns your ray in that's living in fact there I mean we've been naughty and nice They're old for the ads and everything Yeah It's a it's not a remodet that's a camera right what do you mean by that? You guys are gonna be there. We're gonna be there. We'll do a couple of callings on the phone and son If you autographs and hang out and get paid some serious bucks and over time all right Okay, I'm gonna do tomorrow in good good How about that yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I want to load you up before you go on vacation with all kinds of stuff So maybe have another stroke and you can't go away That's the idea here. Yeah, not right. I have to wait. We're not okay Well 47 at Wild They're about to lay on the radio It's about time we got control of this show again. Okay, and stuff with all the fracadies Stupid calls Wild See is for communist communist Oh, no, don't go away this time. Okay, just relax. We have to a little break here. We'll come back to you Wild But that I'm telling you that leaf follower. He's enough to make you want to bar all through from noon to three noon to three every day both shows We're compulsive right at all these crank calls traced right directly the leaf follower inside Batline Wild Do I speak a nail who's this? Let me say it again. Who's this? This Dominic Dominic. How's Eugene doing? Eugene What do you want Dominic? What do I want? I want to express my concern about Sheriff Nick Nguarra Yes What do you want Dominic? Let's get musk it to be a ponderous Yeah, I think the whole subject is getting ponderous. So cam's second time of it already. Okay All you people are so slow that it takes you you know when they're starting to cut your family away on the train Oh geez, I didn't know things were so bad It's getting better when they start burning the cross on your dashboard Okay, then you'll understand that maybe we're a little slow in the beginning, okay That's good Neil. I mean look at musk a lady made the damn trains run on time, okay and Hitler never stole or freight train So what the house wrong with that? I don't know I really could tell you Yeah So you My buddy Tony and Tiger told me to call you real Neil. Okay All right now you take care. See you Dominic great call 1249 in the Wild we have an open line in Dave County. It's ringing right now. Wild Till now we're for him loves you wait a minute wait a minute now Just relax. I know you're a little hyper but just give me a second. I'll jam not that quick Almost though, huh? All right, I really get into it. This is getting everybody away from all this next though Oh God, I miss Alex so bad Change it I tell you Bob the call was pretty upset about this When the baby is somebody Passes in the back and back the find yourself somebody Not your baby buddy Find yourself somebody Too slow You know you may not realize I know listen listen to me. You know realize that you just made a very profound point. I was just thinking while I was going on Sheriff Nick is an asshole okay, blew it of course anything should have been banned that's gone on here at the last several months That was it okay anything that was obscene anything that was grow test anything that was unacceptable by any human standards You just heard it that should have been illegal Damn exactly that what the hell does that mean? That's why I don't think you can even speculate on the air what they're lack of me Have a nice day 1250 was he was just gonna start there. He was just gonna start and I got him just in the nick of time as they say and Broward Wild I can wait you out Wow, yes, I'd like to talk in the office. Well, how come there was that long delay? I was on I was on a walkie-talkie phone walkie talking Well, the one you we put you on the air now don't talk baby talk okay, okay hold on sir We'll get you in a couple hours 1251 a Wild if you're looking for some place special to take that this weekend for fathers they dinner the How about there Kaka Call 55 WOD was Palm Beach Oh, yeah, I was and I got a message from Steve King from you. I just got down here this morning Oh, man. Yeah, he says no for the way this time you will never rent his house to you great Yo, sir said that was on store you fabricated about going into the hostel for a stroke. Yeah, yeah, you can just Have a walk in transplanting your hand rejected it. Yeah, tell me I have an organ brand It's fine, but I'm so far that haven't found a brain big enough to go to go to go to Talkin on yesterday. Yeah, he's great He said everything is fine and quit lying about his number. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He's doing it. He's up to a one One yeah, he's up to a three two. He said to tell you is he really three point two He's kicking some serious ass. Yeah He's got the decimal point to wrong place, man Yeah, give a message some pushman process, okay. Okay, Miami hello Just wanted to let you know that you're doing a hell of a job the last time I saw you was at highly erased track Her job of what I hope a job of conducting this with you call a show Oh, first and while already know that you remember Yeah, vaguely one day you're out there with your buddy Bill. Uh-huh and I think he had some winners Winners I did very well out there. Yeah, I know it was towards the end of the with the have a four day need It was like on the third day a four minute meat Yeah, so Call for my alia from the track really you know what he said Yeah, I don't start with that uh, come me pinko stuff English acuicer come on cut the crap senior Neil audio Let's go to Davy showy. I guess we have no choice Davy Okay, yeah, great show. I know I know thank you W. Y. O. D Hello, I'd like to speak to Neil share hold on get whatever it is and you know is out of there, okay? I think he hangs out with Notty notty knows doll whatever that is we have an opening in date So look at that board now and that interesting nice little pattern there W. Y. O. D Oh Thank you so much. That was butterherlson. I can't believe it. 655 W. Y. O. D I know and W. Y. O. D and D I thought the nail play you were hold on. Okay, let's take a call and summarize hello Wait wait wait what was that? What the hell was that? What is it? Yeah, see now we got like eight cranks on the earth was same time W. Y. O. D Hold ons him far W. Y. O. D Boy W. Y. O. D. Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil. What are you doing it? Right now. How come every time I put you on hold you hang up? I don't you that's three times hold on. You still there? Yep. Hold on a second and we have an opening in Broward 524 slime ball W. Y. O. D W. Y. O. D driving home the music. Yeah, out of here I'll bring you your getting pondress. Okay, now let's go. Some rice is gone north Miami Neil. Yeah. Yeah, I mean it. It's like every mental ward in the city you got let out today. Yeah, what's your excuse? I got to tell you Neil. Yeah. That's a food intensive station is it? What do you want? I want you want. It is absolutely. You want? I wanted to tell you about the cereal that is absolutely We don't want to hear about it. We got two open lines in Broward 524 W. Y. O. D. I tell you one thing boy unless you get with it last time all those things I put away those bits that I pulled out to begin to show they're all long and they're all old and I'm going to play every stick and one of them. W. Y. O. D. W. Y. O. D. Hello. You heard that? Do you hear that little oblique? Okay, that's going to do it for this hour. This has been pretty good. Don't put this on the tape you're sending out W. Y. O. D. Yeah, let's try again and try to get a whole meal. Yeah, hold on. In fact, chance W. Y. O. D. Yeah, I bet. Okay, yellow brides got the one of clock W. Y. O. D. Newers are going to come back with our incredible one to two hour Rick and Sluddle be along from two to six to say afternoon. We got sport. One to two hours. And yet another reminder, God, you're going to have so many reminders. You're going to have to tie a string around it. This Saturday, Rick and Clutch and I'll be down there. Benson's camera, the one down in South Adon, South Thicks, he highway six blocks south of the Falls, the big, the gigantic yellow tent sail 10 grand in prizes of the given away. There's nothing to buy and unbelievable. Okay, well, let's go to a North Miami. Hello. Hello, how you feel? Okay. You know what I think, I think McCroncy is trying over and to the grave right now. No, he's not turning over and his grave. He's right here. He's on her wall to the marble. Is he really? Yeah, he came back with white hair. Oh, the wall. I think he is time is perfect because I think that's the way to look like he is. He reminds me of Chrity and life first passing me by. Have you ever tried to sing that in Spanish? We have it in Spanish. I don't have you ever tried to smell. We're speaking ladies on this show, sir. Okay. We want to keep the least of the last best of you, America, somewhere in this town. Definitely. Definitely. I've been here since the 58 and I would love to get out. I don't know how many Spanish names are on. I'm so curious. When Cleo show, while I listen, I'll get a lot worse. Yeah. Oh, I was listening to a family that's small. Like he's showing. He's going to be swimming for you? A ledge. Where? Wind. Oh, you know, he's see what bothers me. I realize not everybody in yards can be listening every minute. So I saw some of these things that we keep repeating over and over. We just have to put them on an endless loop. But it's good. It's not good. It's devouring. It's not good. I'm going on vacation. A week from my Friday. I'm leaving the Randy Martin will be here that day and then she and Stan will be the next two weeks after that. You're going to go on for two weeks? I'm going on vacation. Is that okay, sir? Do you think that you should have made some tape? Do you think that the city of Miami could deal without you for two weeks? Yes, trust me. They'll survive just fine. Okay. Oh, no. Oh, yes. Okay. Well, you have a good vacation. Good bye. WIOD. I'm coming up. Let's rest. Good one. Open line in day counting. 751 WIOD. They don't come on all two o'clock. Okay, guys. So butt load back edge of the U2. And we have what open line in the Palm Beach. 655 puts WIOD. Hold on, sir. WIOD. Yeah, no. Yeah. What? Hi. Are you there? Yeah. I'm right here. How come you're so loud? Loud? Loud. Real loud. My phone. Oh, and distorted. I'm on right away. You're on right now. You want to hold on a minute? You know, you pick the F call. Hold on. He's not ready. North by Miami Beach. Yeah. Somewhere in date counting. Yes. Yeah. Where's the home of since before the new? I know your circulations are about ready to stop, right? Oh, yes. This is this is your buddy from the F. Are you basketball team? I called you last week? From what? I'm asked about you. Basketball. Oh, yeah. Well, I was sitting away. I can't believe this. How about that world cup, eh? I've been listening all morning. And you guys haven't mentioned one thing about the best picture ever. It's just doing no here last May. Oh, yeah. Good old old 43 years old. And a credible Nolan picks it up. Well, I was getting there to be a habit. You know, it doesn't all look like. See, I thought this is a baseball station or something. No, we don't know crap about sports on this station. Sir, and if you don't believe me, to an sports talk tonight, you know nothing. Yes. Well, anyway, that's this you played earlier about. We knew anything about sports. We'll be careful of the Yankee games. The Yankee. Who? Yankee? Exactly. Rest my case. Now what bit? Anyway, this this you played earlier. Let's get a bright signal. What bit? I don't know. It's wild back up in all of the time. Oh, yeah. That was an FCC. That's yellow bright. Yeah. Because I can't buy anything. Because you got married. Yeah. Oh, okay. Oh, how old was this when you did the reverse Miami games? How long ago? Yeah, baseball. Two long. To my daddy's the player there. I was wondering what's your dad not that long. What's his name? My dad's name? Yeah. Is that his name Jim? Cautil? No. We can't say that on the air. Oh, no. No, how could I have done a game that long ago? Was like 1978. How early? I wonder. I said, what if you're aware of the game's thickness? What does it? Jimmy Fox. I wasn't here. Jimmy Fox. Oh, geez. Come on. Give me a break. I'm not that old pal. Oh, no, no, he Fox. Fox network. I know the Simpsons. I think you got to quit while you're a headster. Well, anyway, can I do some here? Yeah. I need to call my brother, Dan, and do stay as well as because Excellent job. You're a great person. You'll see a pal. Bye. Wild. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I caught that. That's a standard major. How way to my women? Let me ask you a question. Yeah. I don't mean you, but just in general, I'm thinking I'll allow the guy that I had on a minute ago, and I picked him right up, remember he was real loud? That was me. Oh. Well, why did where did you go? I call waiting night. It always cuts me off when I messed with that stuff. It cuts you off when you mess with it. Yeah. I got it. You know what I'm talking about. I can relate to it. Yeah. You got to push that thing down. All right. Let's go moving ahead. Now. What is it? Nelly Fox? I, I caught about an hour of fans show last night. Yeah. I think you got something else at the same time. It sounds like it. What do you mean? Go ahead. Well, I wonder. No, what do this guy need to time to be on whole. Okay. A little slow. I didn't need any time to be. Go ahead. Hold on a second. Wild. Yeah. Can I talk to Nick? Can I talk to Neil? What was that name again? Neil? Hold on a second. Okay. Wasn't sure. Yes. Yeah. I didn't hear anybody whipping you. I heard about an hour of the show. Well, there's on for three hours. Well, so are you rushing to judgment like Mark Lane? Are you making some kind of a rash decision here? No, I'm being objective, but you know, for the hour that I tuned in. I, you know, something. I don't care what they did. Doesn't interest me, but it made for a good little bit of controversy. You know, who the hell cares? Paul Harvey Jr. is off the show. Yeah. I heard your call. Waiting, but you didn't get cut off. Oh, I see. But if you push it in, you get cut off. Right? Oh, I think you pushed it in. Wild. Me greens a bit. All right. Come up with something we don't know. Where you? Let's go to Pompano. Hello. Neil, how's going? Okay. I got to, I got to complain. Everybody's walking up on the wall and the two-eye crew. I'm getting sick and tired of hearing about it. Get old. Get in. Get in. Old. Man. Who the hell cares? The real problem is this one Sentinel. And Tom Jika. Tom had a great column this morning, by the way. Oh, he did. It was a tremendous column, but. But he's always a big butt. You know, he compliment. There's always a big butt. Yeah. Yeah. And he did pucks it up. It's a very end. He was making reference to a group called the Skylight Vocal Band and the front skylight at Starland. Oh, screw up, bad. He probably didn't even do it himself. Somebody else probably. He's a little type. Tom Jika, you're the first of Chromie Journalists. Exactly. How are we doing? I always suspected him of being a comic-pink-o provocateur. I knew it. I knew it. I didn't look at that phone. I just knew it. Yeah. He's got swastika written all over. Exactly. Well, I'm out of material. I may have asked for myself. So I'm going. Okay, listen. What? Hermon Gehrings has had a nice day. Thank you. Okay. And happy to have who is. 20 after one at one. It was terrible. I was bad. I'd Wild. Wild. Hello? The Nick Navarro show. Wild. Yes. Yes. What is it? Speak up, sir. Stand up and be counted. Oh, yeah. A little Kate. Casey on the radio there. And that's that's the way we like it. Repressive and fascistic. That's the way we like it. Big song in Havana. Wild. I hear Nick Navarro's gonna have a big rally with lots of flags. Yeah. He's gonna have a big one all right. Yeah. 20 after one at Wild. He's the other channel of all the music that they're missing. That's true. You probably couldn't understand him anyway when they answered now. Yeah. There's their reception is just terrible. And it's good. Good to Jay Michael is over there. And well he's not yet. He tried to try to get to anyway. Right. He's the hour. Well, I just keep telling this. But he's trying to tell you of my message. Okay. That's right. That's part of him. Don't do it. And then of course we got few delstating on wax. See on Monday. I know that we're going to. Birkin cuts are going to be doing three and a half hours on that this afternoon man. They, they, you know, they lie a lot. They pretend that well, as if it's guy and they never met him and they like they hate him like poison. They wish he would have the most horrible accident. And like parts of his body would like be spread on the 79th street causeway. And they would go out there in Rick's cobra. And it would go out of their way like an obstacle course to run over every time back over it. And fourth and like thousands of times just to get there get it out of their system. They hate him like death like poison definitely. And they got a point. But then the best kept secret in the. Yeah. Well, that's why I see build up for you. Man, this clean your ears out. That's true. That's true. And get a new hat. Exactly. Okay. Well, you have a good day, Neil. See you. The fact that maybe we can tie since they're playing oldies now in Q a m. A little clever little promo would be got a Q tip for waxy build up on the big Q. We could tie that like in summer. The doctor got who did our billboard. He likes stick that inside of my mouth and sound all those big teeth. He could put that right in there. And he can put it somewhere else too. Miami. No. Yes, sir. What is this? What does this? Kempaso. Nothing. I'm here to complain because I can't believe that the sheriff's department is really and they're formally. What is it, Nasser? That the two left could that they're putting palms on the two left crew. I don't think we're about to joke on that we don't care because they can't do anything about that. Don't you understand? Don't you understand how these slime balls work sir? It's a lot easier to go out and arrest some some sleas bags or a sink and some crappy stuff and some flea bag plays. It's a lot easier to do that and then get our national TV and make your trouble look like some savior. Okay? I agree with you. Like Jesus and his us and drag. I agree with you. Is that the doge bags? Nick Navarro is a slime ball sir. Kamalista Kamalista Kamalista Kamalista. Is it awful? Exactly. Well, I think you said a better night did. Can I call two people doge bags? Yes, sir. Wait a minute. Do you say doge bags? Doge bags. Somebody stole that from me the other day when I was listening on the way to the track I wouldn't want to say it was joey who has no original material. No age bag. Come on joey. Get a live way. Go back and play some scratchy old 708s. F the also looking. Go ahead. Brian your doge bag and a leaner your doge bag. Excellent. Excellent. Adios your next. I know. 29 after you get his number. 29 after one at Wild. We have an opening in Broward 524 9463 524 Puts. I just keep saying that because he's sitting in the other room. Every he does this every day. He comes in. He's got the paper. Is that let me see what it is? Is it the inquire or something? Oh, he's got always looking for a job. It's aren't our radio and records. And he scours to there. And he sits in there. And he like just the pitters and chuckles and pukes and the Dracelode coffee with some strange stuff. And at the Henry left him and that's great. And then he comes on and really goes nuts. North Miami. Yeah. I got something out of the personal section that I thought you were so allowed to. I don't know. I'm just talking in the phone. Okay, real loud. Like the instrument is impaled inside your body or something. I'll go straw. Oh, hey. By the way, I wonder. I don't know if this car's cut up. No, I wasn't cut up. Go ahead. Okay. In the past section. Oh, on days. My girl. Geez, I don't believe we did that. Go ahead. In the sun section. Oh, the Honey Hill. Yeah. In the pot. No. Oh, no. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You're not going to believe who's on the front cover of Rolling Stone this way. Who is it? Oh, I am so sick. So sick. Vartes Simpson. Boy, you're favorite buddy. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Okay. It says. And I have the added in front of me in roll now in our chronic collar college. Same name, address, and telephone number. Two PO box. One, two, four, eight, one Miami Florida, three, three, one, four, three. What are you reading this out of Miami. Here, personal section. This last Sunday, I was going to call you yesterday, but I had to work. What is the address again? The address is it says, send name, address, and phone number to PO box. One, two, four, eight, one Miami Florida, three, three, one, four, three. Great. Doesn't say your name, but it has a big in our with high on marks on. Probably by the radio. Probably Mr. Radio and Paul Harvey Jr. chronic collar college. Birds of a feather flock together. I just thought you should know that. Thank you, sir. Have a day, stadium. And the same to you. Bye. His name is Bart Simmson. Be long, Zinson. Be long, Zinson. Be long. The cart is in the link with from hell. On TV and T-shirt, he's a love of both. Quartz and base with good hero as well. What's the hell? He's out with eyes like him on ball. And he's head so very tall. But you're a Brad. Wow. But we like you just like that. The Simpson who's a rat. Mark you. Brad. When you beat up two year hat. Why? We're sure. That. Mark you. Brad. Where are you? Oh. God. Give me a break. Where. Yeah. Okay. Listen. If you're under 12. If you're 12 or under, you have my permission to watch that. Okay. If you're over 12 and you're still watching that crap, we've got Steve. Lesson numbers behind. Some of the best rings in the market. Okay. Trust me. No charge. 133 and WIO D for Lauderdale. No. Yeah. Yeah. Good show today. Right up into the small but not too bad. Right up to the side. Okay. I got a question for you. Oh, bet. Could you play the asshole song? What did you say, sir? Yeah. Don't say that again. Are you living Broward? Yeah. And you're making these disgusting, grotesque remarks on the year. Well, you're not. Yes. They're monitoring in radio land and the fashes are counting the door in. Yeah. And you're making these grotesque disgusting statements on the radio, sir. Yeah. What the hell is wrong with you? Have a nice day. What the hell is that on the end of that? Oh, and I've worked with the trend of saying, what 37 and WIO D here? Not Mobile R. Yeah. Yes, I am. Well, what am I going to do about this break? I got to do now. Well, just three a second. Okay. You know, all these people calling up plenty about Nick and all that. Why don't they do something in television? But come time for elections. Do something about it. Oh, come on. Like, like get out of town. Oh, that's what they're doing. They're not going to do it. I was through this already before I spent 12 years of this knock on my head again. They don't care. Here's, sir. That's why we're in the state that we're in. That's why I say traffic or depression. Listen, you Nick, listen for a second. My, it's my quarter. Right. You look like one 37 a WIO D. Let's tell you about Toyota Hollywood. Boom. On Nick head. Okay. One forty gets WIO D. Let's go to Miami. Hello. I know how you doing this Nick and a Varro stuff. Oh, it's getting so old. It's actually boring because it's not boring. It's terminal. I can't stand it. I don't think it's all out of their system today. You know what? You know, I just got back from prison. I was on the prison football team. Yeah. When in is it tight in? Yeah, I know. One forty one at WIO D. Let's go to Miami. Hello. I know what's wrong. Oh, I do. Pretty depressed. Well, mumbling now. You know, it's not a mumbling. You're mumbling. Hold on a second. WIO D. Yeah, hold on. What do you want, Marbles? Huh? I say what's going on? Uh, it's crap in this town is just sort of present. Yeah. Well, you don't mean I'm so negative anyway, you know. Oh, you have a very good reason to be negative. No, I just make it all up. Well, anyway, listen, I said we take all the people from New Jersey and in New York to move down here. I said we get, I think it's going to be a lot. Yeah, I'm going to make it flush. I'm going to be a bit flushing. What? Send them to flushing. Just to know how to hear. Or just flush them. Yeah, exactly. Okay. All right. Thank you. Good idea. One forty one at WIO D. Where is the sheriff Nick from? Okay. Let's go to, um, let's see. We did that one. Like worth. Be a roger. Yes, sir. Hey, don't you guys speaking. I think Boca really. Well, it's pretty depressing itself. I'm on the job. I'm in the construction trailer. I'm on the job. Taking a break. All right. Just a little thing. I got a car here. I didn't queue up here. Let me. Okay. Go ahead. Oh, you're going to have a remote at six tomorrow. Yes, sir. I'm done. Action. What is it? There's some directions. I'm 95. Directions from Boca. Well, it's 95 anyway. I would leave now. Okay. But, you've got to come down 95 all the way until it ends. I'll wait for the end of my gut. It's like coconut grove. And then, well, that's not, that's not it. No, we're in South Day. We're down in South Tixie Highway, Sunnyland. I mean, that's just the beginning of the directions. Then it turns into South Tixie Highway. You keep going and you keep going and you keep going and you keep going and you keep going and you see the metro rail. And then you want to keep going and keep going and keep going. You'll notice all the empty cars go back and forth and back and go. And you keep going and keep going and so on. Right. 1921 South Tixie. It's south of the grove south of the Gable south of South Miami. It's the Sunnyland. It's way down the onto in New Orleans. It's a long way. Yes, sir. I leave about the midnight. You get some major chronic down here on the job with Brentwood. It's Steve who's driving down right now. He's a major douchebag. Whatever you say. The secretary here in the, yeah, she doesn't know what to think of the show. I get the radio on it. Tell her they had told her this stuff. Okay. Tell her this stuff. Okay. Listen, he just told you to stuff it. Yeah. Renee Miss Kathy. Hey, Kathy. Stop it, babe. Okay. They'll have a nice plan. Okay. 143 at WIOD. That's anybody tells you something. You don't like just some stuff. Okay. Just go about your business and tell them the screw off right now. 143 at WIOD. We have an opening in the Broward. It's a movie of fast 5249463. 524 WIOD. And I guess we could cue this out. Okay. 144 at WIOD. By the way, tomorrow we're going to be playing the essential version of that. Let's go to Miramar. Hello. Pop it up. Yeah. What's his Miramar here? So just pretend. Well, I see it's his Miramar and Pomponos. Take your pick. There's the Pomponos. As they say on a micro-inery show, take your pick. Hey, I just like to say that I'd rather have every new worker in the world live down here than nothing. 144 at WIOD. That's getting a good workout for soaring it. And Rick and Puzzle be here at 2 o'clock this afternoon just in the overtime. 145 at WIOD. 145 at WIOD. You're probably feeling pretty good. Let's go to Boka. You know, I haven't heard. Let's go to Miami. Hello. I mean, that guy. Did you hear who he's just on, Eraser? Sound like Paul Jr. What is it? Sound briefly. The guy you just hung up on. Sound like Paul Jr. Exactly. Was it? Yes, sir. Can you believe that? Why did he hang up? Why did he hang up? Because he's off the show. For real? History. Acts stabbing two faced, sleaze bags, slime ball, O'Jom ProVocator. What? I heard the show last night. And the only thing I remember that Paul said was Paul. Paul Jr. No, you know, he's your Phil. See, you know, this is a friend of his. No, it isn't. First of all, friend, you probably also a Mr. Radio. No, I don't. Why did you people call up Debbie Ellis. She needs the calls, okay? She has this. I don't know. Who'd lower her demographic cut in half? I met him once to remote. That's about it. And I, uh, problem. You guys got on famously, huh? No. I'll bet. I remember they were flipping through a Frederick's a Hollywood catalog. Yeah. And, uh, he made a crack that you'd like to take it out while you're looking at the guy's in the back of the car, rock. That's all I remember. Oh, I want, okay. Stand thought that was hysterical. And that's it. He's off the show, sir. My history. Just for that? No. That's something new. That's an addition that you see didn't hear the early part of the show. Yeah, but I heard the whole show last last night. That's all he could that song. But he didn't hear that early part of the show. Then how do you know what we're talking about? See, this doesn't watch. Yeah, but I followed you and had you call in and defend them, right? No. How much? How much did he pay? The only thing anybody ever said was stand. Stand with a little bit of sex because you let Bill Codford rip him the other day. And Bill Codford was a guest. What am I supposed to do? Tell my guest what to say? I don't know. And he's a real guest. He's got some chronic flunky like Paul Harvey Jr. Do that. That's all they want? So in other words, stand was a little bit upset. Like a child, he comes on again. The only guy that promotes him starts rip biting the hand that that That leaves him. You just a little bit upset. You know what? Tough cookies, pal. Tough cookies. Cospredo like him. There's a lot of people, though. Like me. A lot of people, though, like me. Well, he's like you and Bill were kissing after it. And said to about it. See, now we're getting to the meat of the matter. Okay. The bottom line is he is still paranoid. And this is to a lot of people like Joey and certain other people who are friends of mine I won't mention their names on the ear who are jealous of the fact that they are doing a good job that they've caught on that I like them, that they ought to dislike them. And they're upset because they want to be doing that show. Well, I have news for Stan. Okay. And Stan's a good friend of mine. I wasn't going to say this. Stan will never do that show. If they have to put the janitor, if they have to put it down. Listen to me. If they have to put dumb virtual on from 2 to 6, they will do it before he'll do that show again. That's not because of me. That's because they don't like him. Okay, sir, if you got it, they don't like the man. Period. Okay. Stan defend you though. When everybody calls in. But I'm just telling you, forget whether he defend it. I'm just telling you the way it is. And he can't spend the rest of his life trying holding a grudge against the guys in the afternoon or anybody else because that's they got nothing to do with him. They're doing their thing. What does he want them to do? Fail to make him happy? And other words, come on and do a crappy show to make him happy? Sir. Have a nice day. 149. It's WIOD. Yeah, I'm beginning to relate to it. Only the word isn't a horning. It's the press. WIOD. I'm going to get that job. WIOD, I am. I'm going to drop. Let's go to a mobile and date. Hello. Are you doing the old? Next question. Listen, I grew up in Semi-Lan and I got good directions on how to get down there. Yeah. You take the Palmetto sound. It dumps in the US one. Okay. The first light you hit on and forth. So you had to go through two lights. The second light is 112. Now, as you go, before the next light, which is 124, it's right there on the left. It's right down by that complex. It's right by a pumper mix. Yeah, well, it's a little bit south of the pumper mix. Yeah, something like that. I grew up by what the Palmetto hide out there. Yeah. And what can you just go down? See the problem with apologies. I'm going to have to leave water about five in the morning tomorrow. Where are you coming from? From plantation. No, no. I live in Canada and work in Palmetto. Yeah. What you do is are you well west? Yeah, way out west. Way out west. Take 70. Take 75 that dumps in the Palmetto. I know. And take the Palmetto sound. But you only go 10 miles an hour and 75. They give you a ticket and put you in jail for you. I got a quarter out of time with cops never show up. Okay. So listen, great, great talk to me and I enjoy listening to you. Thank you sir. Thank you. Thanks for the whatever it is. You got it. 150 Wiod and one final reminder today because I know a lot of you have a very short memory. Yeah. All right. Laura still in the building. She ain't going to lunch, did she? Laura downstairs. Laura, if you are listening. Johnny Dark, that's pleased back. You know, she was just in here minute ago and we agreed that he's a, what what the stocks the halls. He's like, is a creep. And he just came in here. Moments after she walked out. Thank goodness. And said, have you seen Laura's legs today? And I looked at him and I said, you slimy, sleeves bag, pig, douche bag. And he went back over to the coast to pretend to be Mr. Melo. Okay. So Laura, if you're listening downstairs, don't let that creep get anywhere near you. Okay. He is first he was after jail. Gail got married. Okay. And he's still trolling for her. Now Laura, who's already engaged by the way, John, he's just dying over there. Okay. Lock him in. Lock it from the outside over the coast. Miami. Hello, Neil. What is this? I'd like to know what you think about the guy who you were talking to. Yesterday who called and he, you had made a comment on the two live crew. And you said, what is it? And you said, you wanted, you said, you know those guys are making millions off of them. You know something that MTV right now as you speak, they just finished the 10th time I've seen it. I'm only here for four hours. Yeah. Over and over and over again. I've been showing this big piece they've got on them. They have gotten a hundred million dollars worth of free publicity coast to coast from all this. So I hope that all the right wing the end of the world who have brought all this about including share of Nick and Governor Bobby. I hope they're all real proctors. They've taken a no talent group. I mean, they don't, they don't have minimal musical talent. They have none. Zero. And they've made them into superstars and multi millionaires. And I hope they're real happy. Okay. Yeah. I just wanted to know what you were on one of the colors who you were speaking through. And he made a comment that he wanted how much those little black guys are making. And you put them all really bad. So because he was a racist pig sir, that's what they wanted to hear you. But they wanted to make that he, what they're making what color they are. Okay. Right. I think they can't all be allowed. Listen, he's probably watching the sheets right now. Don't worry about them. I think they're making an x-ray to video now called Rift O'Pony. There you go. That's coming out. I'll see. I'll see. I'll see. Black people can't make x-ray to anything. Okay. Music videos because they got to be good old boys and the pick the cotton and just do their thing. Okay. Because we've been in the deep south, bro. We've been in the deep south. Pick that cotton. Tooth that barge. Clean them floors. This is a racist disgusting. The Anderthal. Roast test horrendous embarrassing pushead of a place. Okay. And I hope you're having a nice day. Margued. New. Yeah. What is it? Blood clots. Blood clots. Yes. What the hell are you talking about? The bomb will clots. Why? You're a rascal at new. Do you understand anything you say? You're a blood clots. Blood clots. Yes. You're a rascal at. Sunrise. Hello. Yes. I heard when Nick gets back from going to the world or show. He's going to be disposing of the records that they confiscated. They're going to wrap him up in the flag and then burn them. Good. Who Nick? Yeah. I mean, I'll bring him up on the flag. I'll bring him up on the flag. Yeah. Me too. Okay. Wrap him up with some little sticks. I'll bring the bag. Let's go to sunrise. Hey. The. The. The. There's something to go kick off so. In your neighborhood. Here's a leader with. Good man. Where's your where's my. Taver It's bored. Uh-huh. What. I'm a entertainer today from what. As Qujlovin is sick today. And roll oneself off the show anyway. moderator. Rick and Puss a show No. An episode of wedding on. What. Woody . Inaudible One and three batch. Mar shred. time I come back to break you. Maybe I can buy my bus ticket of Buffalo we're liking up there. Do you want to go to the fauna? What you're holding in your hand right now is so we don't hear. Let's go to Boko. Hello. Hey, oh, yes sir. How you doing today? It's a different junior. Yeah, big. I just wanted to see if I could beer new cry-carnall that was at Farbe's office. No. Hey, Mr. Man. I think, you know, Mark Bosley did the thing that we played that take up. I think because it's a good place to do. I'm not sure if you could. You know, the voice of Nick with your little fan of Jackson. They're just just in jazz in March, Mike, whatever your name is. Mark Bosley. Okay. Well, that's going to do it right a time. And unto soon, have a wonderful life. And don't forget the communist, the communist, the communist, the Rick and Puts. Speaking of that, a couple of real-ogen pro-Bokadouris will be along. Next, probably do a pretty good show in Spideastan. And then we got Sports Talk in 605 and to show you what good sports we are. We don't want to hog the whole audience. We got the Yankee game with a red socks 730 tonight. Don't forget we'll see you at Spideastan Marl, 11921, South 60, Iowa.