Once fought was playing, I'd have to queue up another re-alternial tape. We'd have like five spots in a row. It was the most epic, the most pressure-filled morning show in the history of mankind. All you did was just queue up spots, and then you give the time, and you play another spot, and then maybe a record which gave you a chance to queue up all four or five more spots. But they had these big cylinders, and they had numbers like 1-100 or 1-200, and we could put all this stuff on something like that, and just have them in a little computer. And punch up like number 78. Right, or whatever number it might be. But I can't say that. Okay, we'll get that stuff out to that guy. We can't film him, we'll lose all the remaining calls, what we've got. But we don't care because it's Labor Day weekend, we don't expect anybody to call. If you call, we consider it a bonus. Okay. Tomorrow is a bonus to you. I, yours truly, me, I'm going to be at the fountain shops of distinction in the food court. Your deck's to corkies restaurant in plantation. A remote appearance in my actual hometown. I can't believe it. 8-1 South University Drive. Just a block south of the Broward Mall, and it's the kickoff for their schedule to weekly. Can be the events that they're going to be doing every weekend. All the way through Christmas for you and the whole family. There is going to be some interesting stuff like Doolish Halloween, and a Christmas organ concert. Pet pictures with Santa, a sidewalk, art extravaganza, a kite show, kids in ponies, funny face, all kinds of fun things for the kids for you and the whole family. We'll have free prizes tomorrow. Pizza, compliments, and scrumboly pizza. We'll have those pictures allegedly alleged. And lots of those brand-new unbelievable bumper stickers are coming out and say hi to Marl. noon to three at the fountain shops of distinction. We'll be right in the food court. Your next to corkies. And this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand. Whether we have kids or pets or neither. It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio. And here's what he likes. Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it. Recently there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuckles, but he was most certainly a part of us comes to again. From coming out of the record. Play the record, okay? Please. See, when you come out of those up-tempo, damn numbers, man, is impossible to make those transitions. And then you got to go into somebody dying. You know, they do this to me all the time. I don't know what they all do it for, but damn it if we can't come out of a slow record. I don't understand it. It's down on the phone. Okay, I want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a ping-pong record every time I do a damn death dedication. Now, make it. And I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week. Just a god last damn time. I want somebody to use this fucking brain to not come out of a damn record that is up-tempo and I got to talk about a ping-pong. I'm talking about a ping-pong dying. Well, it's a ponderous man. Ponderous ponderous. I'm under a decision of America's bottom 40. Born to you by the OXI-5 company's newest PPPN E-Metication. OXI-MORON-5 for PPPO-3 teenagers. It's so true. It's so true. There's gotta be a little quick on the tape, boy. That's good show. We've got to work songs in America. Work the album down. Let your stories are showing them. Work some, I'm not reason you're buying them. I'm using them as a co-steree. What's review of the top three songs on the church? And number three, Gungeon Roasters is singing sweet out of mind. Well, if I had a child around my house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitar, slash and his cohorts. Stay by hell away. Number two, you ever heard this? There ain't no women in a perfect world. And especially not for you, you reasoned you don't speak proper English. And a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there. But then again, you probably don't mind. And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaping instruments called Razer. Five-one and lose that silly ass theory. Other songs on the church, the band Johnny H. Jazz with, I want to be a hero of moving down on the church and deservedly so. Okay, well, you Johnny also rage music. I don't think he'll status his eminent Johnny, so get a real job. And there is his own highlight, Roger Stewart's newest release for Ever Young. And for a moment, I thought it was a song about me forever hung. And now it's time for a long distance dedication. It comes to us from a listener in Pasadena, California, right to your case. I'm 16-year-old, president of my class, I'm six foot to my blonde hair, weigh 170 of my fountains and started quarterback for my high school team. But Casey, I have a problem. The girls simply will not leave me alone. It seems as though I'll lay one before, his my good looks, my excellent physique. Why can't they just like me as a friend? Creep me as a person instead of some sex object. And quit hitting upon me all the time. Casey, do you have any suggestions? Shine Todd, well, here's my answer. They're flaming up. 11-20 seven and WID. I think we're playing both cards. I should get a little more than just a t-shirt, don't you? Like something. 28 past 11, and the non-forget-ricken suds are going to be doing their show from Joe Rye. We're still trying to figure out exactly what that means. Dick Clark is going to be there from 3 to 3. 30. I hope to be involved to leech air in the away. At 4 o'clock, the dolphin cheerleaders, Jennifer and Mary, who are going to be taking it off and doing just wild, suggestive erotic things in the booth, what you won't be able to see. And Tim Robby is going to be there. And at 5 o'clock, to really dead in the proceedings, Joe is a gackie is going to be there so that we can kind of let the sports department take over the control. As we get a little bit too close to a dolphin time before, you know, when I'm talking about before gets too late. And anyway, Joe and Hank are going to be doing sports talk and then we got the game and they did a clock. We have a pressure pack, fun-filled day today, right? And then on Monday, Labor Day, I don't even want to go into it again. It's more than I can handle. Palm Beach Gardens. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, I just wanted to talk about the metz for a minute. He, I know it's not one of your favorite topics. But, you know, yesterday when they went to the one that can quant out last night when they found them and hit home runs, you know, they got lucky. What's this? I also said that I'm nervous that I think they're gearing up and they're going to win. Did I say that? Well, I could have said the metz sock, they're not going to do. I think that they're getting their rack together, we're going to hate to say, but I think it's happening. All right, well, good. Good pitching again now, even that sticking cone, why don't like in Fernanda's struck out 85 million guys yet, and I think they're looking pretty tough. Hey, those two guys are the best mediocre record pictures in the league. Right. They're definitely a feared pictures. That dog. I'll be on the go the if I had a big game to win. I don't think I'd start either one of them. Well, cone is good. I think cone's a good thing. I don't agree with you. I don't like David cone. What about this new guy? I'm glad they got darling out of there. If this guy goes this week and then against the pirates. Next weekend, we could have, we could really have something together. I think they're bringing back John Matt Lack just in case. Yeah, I got a ball sign by John Matt Lack. And you're a coosman and Tom Seaver. Just in case. How listen if open can bring in all these other guys. Will him again, they can trade these out of just don't understand it. Yeah, what about Gary Gentry? There he goes. Another name from the past who also picks for the braves, didn't he? Yeah, right. Or Mickey Lollich. Oh, please. Talk about the Rick Rush. Look alike content. Did you hear that tape by plate of that pirate cup game? Yeah, really. That fat Rush was pitching that was 1974. That's like a whole lifetime ago. Yeah, but I don't want to think pirates right now. They're getting all the press anyway. Well, they blew that game. No, they won that game. Yeah, right. I'm sorry about that. But at 16 years ago, don't hold it against them. No, I don't tell you the more men's employees are one of the game in a half right now. Yes, sir. Employees right. Well, it's going to go right down to the wire. I said that about three months ago and everybody laughed and thought I was just saying it to be well romantic and because it's the corny thing to say, but it's going to go right down to the wire. Yeah, well, that last weekend when the cups play six against the pirates and six against the Metz, and then you do understand that those three games have been added on that they have to make up Right. At the very end of the season, the Metz and the pirates have a three game series. Where is that, you know? No, I don't know. We'll find out somebody will call in that. I mean, that is going to be incredible. Yeah, well, the Metz right now. I tell you. And it's Robert. I mean, it's home runs there. They're doing good shape. I've been a Metz fan. I'm not just saying it. I see if you can keep deroll awake for another month. You know, that's a problem with him. He goes into these long commas. Yeah, I think that's just the way he is. Kind of like the Joseph Gackie of baseball, who is in a long deep sleep. Well, I listen, you know, I don't, I just don't harbor those hostile feelings anymore. You know, really don't. And whoever wins it, and now that David Johnson's gone and they're putting his face back together, why get upset? Yeah, but I'm in the car yesterday. And I'm boiling, Metz, Neil saying they're going out through the water. Well, listen, I mean, so if you guys are going to win it, at least we give you a little heartache. Could we go along with it, okay? It's still a win though, and the record books with a guy at the Texas Ligger. That's right. Even though Sandberg hit that home hard last night, it's still a loss no matter what. Do you realize that Ryan Sandberg is the first second baseman in the history of baseball to have two consecutive years of 30 or more home runs? Do you realize that's a story in a history of the game? He's got his dynamite. I mean, I know he's no Greg Jeffries, but he's not too bad. I don't know. I caught that on the radio last night. Your friend Bob Murphy, when Jeffries hit that home, or he did. He wanted to say so bad that he just broke the record for his home runs by a second baseman for the match, but he was playing third base. Yeah. And by he like, did his tongue right in the middle of the night. Well, no matter where Jeffries plays, it doesn't make too much difference. He can be the D.H. Yeah, right. Well, hey, Tim Toffield, what about him? Tim Toffield, yeah, he's my favorite. He's a real powder pot. Well, I don't know. It's going to be tough. It's going to be really interesting. That's all of counts. As long as there'll be excitement, I know it's not as exciting as these exhibition football games, but we're doing the best we can. Well, right on the other, leave a couple of positive words about the match. Well, you know, make me feel a little bit better. Well, I said, you guys are getting hot at just the right time. Well, I thought more can I say, coming from me. I mean, that's a major concession. Well, if you can do it. But you better be nice to me because I'm going to say it again. We got six games against you guys the last 10 days of the season. Well, that's what I'm going to have to now. He's very nice. If you're real nice, we'll start pelacia couple of times. I will bring in Jeff Peaco. That's what I was going to ask you. You guys could lay it out a little bit. Well, I'll see how things go. Okay. We'll do it. Good luck. Bye. Well, there's a good match fan. He got a little sense of humor and he's not all up tight. He's a good guy. How the hell did that happen? If anybody knows when those last three are going to be played at the end of the regular season, please let us know. I mean, that's important. Because obviously the match are playing much better at home than they are in the road. And the pirates at the moment are like swimming no matter where they are. 27 till noon in WIOD. That's the little thing here. I'll be right back. And now, language lab. There's show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds. Today's lesson Greek. Listen one. Strawberry pie. Strawberry pie. Listen two. Apple pie. Apple pie. Listen three. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. Customer. What kind of pie do you have? Answer. Apple pie. Philon Betty and Pumpkin. Language lab is a public service. I mean, that'd be copied or a surprise for yourself. Thank you. Okay. 1137 WIOD. Those three games October 1 2 and 3 are in. Pittsburgh. At three rivers stadium. Where the Allagene, the Ohio and the Mananga, Hela, Hila. Converge. Okay. My amy. Yes. What's happening today? How are you, sir? I'm doing great. Well, that's good. Good. You're happy. We're happy. We just want everybody to be real happy. Okay. Okay. Let's make it last two tomorrow. We'll look for it down at the fashion mall. Right. Then we can be depressed on Sunday. Well, then we can go back to public and see what's left there. Yeah. I wanted to ask you. I got some friends coming down for the weekend. And last year, I think when your sponsors was a lot to have her. She was a little bit sad. Mm-hmm. Tell us what you need to be. Is it one? Is it still as good? She just brought in Pearl and just brought in food yesterday morning on that the end of the micro-neary show. I had a little, uh, totalini just a little bite or two. It is spectacular. Just a notch, huh? In fact, if you listen in the next time, I'm going to be doing a commercial. I will be waxing eloquently about a lot of Tevarano. Great. So you would recommend it, sir. Highly enthusiasticly the best. Very good. And the next thing I was going to ask you is how come you're thinking moving from plantation up north to oral springs? Who said I'm doing that? You did? No, I'm not. I was just talking about the beautiful homes at the carriage point. I'm not going to move. I'm good. I want to move that far north. Really? I might as well commute from Daytona. That's true. Now that they're finally starting to do something about the pod holes and fixing a Broward and not a road and all that. Hey, listen. I'm not moving far from my publics in Clarionab Hill, okay? My life isn't that store. I live right across the street from it. I know it's your speed. Really? Oh yeah. The only thing is I keep talking about it. I've made it so popular now that it's getting crowded. Well now that the school's open to you, it's a traffic problem in the morning trying to get over there. Mm-hmm. But anyway, it's still a good place. It could be a lot worse. It's a great place. It's not a good place. It's sensational. Well that's what I like it there. But we'll look for it tomorrow, you know. Okay, I'll see you at Pubix. Okay. Bye bye. 21 till noon at WIOD. That was one of my exciting neighbors from plantation. Maybe my good friends from May Fair will come by, okay? The good folks I used to live across from who made my life miserable and the cherry down and hawk to try and make about my satellite dish. Maybe those people will come by and say hi at the fountain shops tomorrow from noon to three. Wouldn't that be great? And we'll put something special in their pizza from a strong bowl. Okay, don't forget how old the old scene is coming at noon. He's going to be really pissed when he sees it. Most of the food has gone. Too bad is Jeff coming with more food do we know? I don't know if it's for the night of the morning. The cornfield. Arms is coming back again. Sheryl did you hear that? Arms is coming back again. Murray and Wayne are coming back to bring you a few more food. And probably another dose of all this stuff. Are they nuts? How can they do that? You know, he brings in all of this stuff and you know how busy they are over there all of time. And I just don't understand how they can make this much food. Like Jeff, the same thing. He brings in, if you could see when they carry all this food and looks like he's going to feed the all of our troops in the Middle East. And just don't understand it. Just tons and tons of stuff. I cannot see the how long. The preparation time. Like what he does, the stuff was ricken mutt. And you know, the seeds of people on the street core and makes 300 pies and 20 minutes. I don't get it. I just don't understand how he does it. Well look at that. Are you happy to do as much in Jeff Cohen's name and he's immediately on the hotline just a pizza maker in heat. Are you doing the oil? Okay Jeff. On I-95, we're ready with food and hands. Really? Well look at the timing of this. Funny till noon, now goal steam will be here at 12. It'll be hot. It'll be delicious and fresh. That's how we do it at the law. It'll keep his mouth shut for a few minutes. I don't leave that. But I'm going to write you borrow some of my WIOB South Neorodget's pictures. Well, isn't that great? You're the guy that's got them all, huh? Well, I'm glad somebody does. Well, I have them whenever you need them. Great. So we'll see you in about 20 minutes. Thanks Jeff. All right. I'll catch the pacify that bad cool steam shinna who's in the limo as we speak. Or that limo is never going to be same again. Can you just see it coming down the road with like the front end? Yeah. The back is like weighted down. The front is like the wheels are barely touching the ground. Miami. First is the pig report. L Goldstein on 79 feet. Goldstein. Goldstein. Okay. Thank you. At least that call was top of the tide right in. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Good morning sir. Yes sir. Deal. I'm 22. I'm where you're so cold non-licers. Non-existent. Yeah. The Phantom strikes again. Listen, I'm not going to be able to listen to more after today. Why is that? I'm getting a new job and nameless and too classical. Why? That's what they do over there. They listen to tragic. The tragic 102.7. Yep. Rhymeswood on 11 as in bread as in mosa. I don't know what I'm going to be kidding. What are they doing to Johnny Rivers? Back Rivers. Oh god. Muddy Rivers. I'm too young for this stuff. So what's going to happen? We're fit your work finished with it. You're done. You're writing us off. You're kissing me off. It's like that. I'll just like to listen to my brother and who's coming. What's going on? No. You'll have to have your brother taped the show. Okay. That's what I'll do. Or else? How old are your brother? 26. I was going to say otherwise you beat the crap out of him. That's not going to fly, right? No. Not at all. Well, Tom, to take the show or you and 10 of your friends will beat the crap out of Mousette. That sounds good. Okay. Have a great life. See you. 1142 at WIOD. What is that? Who's on a bat line? That's not for me. Is it anybody I know? The door is closed. No. Norman can't afford that would be exciting. If it really turned out to be Norman can. And it really is okay. Second. I'll see now. Okay. What do we do to deserve this honor? Well, I want you to be a judge next week in a very important context. By the way, where's that check? Now that it's Norman can't. Where's that check? In the mail. Okay. Yeah. Right. You and Larry King are sitting the mail. Can you wait for you to see the new Honda motorcycle I got? Really? But surely. We want you to be a judge next week. My friend Brian Smith has the odd. No change. Brian Smith, dinner theater. You know that the norm can't be seriously. The lucky back at his rotisserie baseball team. No, this is serious. You put him on a plate. I'm seeing I'm trying to ignore you. I know. But this is an exciting play. We want you to be the judge for the understudy for the play. Maryland and her own words. We want you to judge who the best Maryland Monroe. I have a better idea. Now once you have Steve coming walk around naked. That would bring a lot more people out. He's already tried that. And that's play last year. And right in people away. Never done that. Because I heard that that baseball car show we had was just a monster success. I heard that they had strong of people. At least three. Right. But now if you were to judge this Maryland Monroe understood. It would probably be a dream on your park because it's never going to happen. Never going to happen. I hate listen. I have to stick with my satellite dish and my cubs. I can't miss a second. Well, why do we do videos of these understudy? Yeah. I'll do that. And then you can just sit in your room and decide which is now. Exactly. No problem. But it's not really easy. They know me. Keep it real simple. They should call the theater. If they want to be a Maryland Monroe junior. They should call what theater. The pussycat. Brian theater. Oh Brian. They do. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. I'll bet okay, that'll make the cheese more binding all right, okay, no, I'm not having great weekend I'm 45 at W. I would do boy. It's like an old reunion here today, isn't it? God even starting the smell like an old reunion. I guess that's from all the food So I'm and I listen do not let me eat anymore because I overdid it I had if I told the audience what I ate just now They would get very upset because my head is already swimming. Okay too much too much So everybody just enjoy it will put out algal sin fact Jeff is bringing an enormous bat even Recon suds it be embarrassed by this you know the little things they do out there with a cake in the pie and the face That stuff his bringing this enormous bat. It's shaped like a bathtub and all the lasagna and the sauce and the rigatoni and all and the Meeples and they're gonna put out gold steams naked right in the middle of it and then we're gonna have people volunteer and just give them a fork and a spoon Wouldn't it be great from the Ron Jeremy school of here in my meatball? Oh, he is just a he's a furball ghost in a gigantic furball Let's now see and Wayne is coming back Miss psychotic he's coming back and you're the one that inspired him. Okay, so the fact that it's right Gonna be right at noon and he's gonna miss out all that lunchtime business and probably go out of business because you I wanted your snicken BLT because the White Hots in the Neely burgers weren't good enough for her highness I don't want that to hold heavily over your conscience because you don't have one because you're Jewish Hollywood Yeah, yes, sir. Hello, yes, sir. I'm at the airport. You're at the airport Yes, sir. Hey, Mr. Roger. I got a question. Yeah, okay And you hear Hey Yeah, good call 1147 a W. I would do we have two open lines a day two and Brad that's not like you're a witch. There's a twin brother that just called I dumped it by the way, sir. So you really wasted your time and I hope you're playing It's okay You anti-Semitic redneck obnoxious MS bin Rick's side of him's twin brother. I think they're joined at the lift Anyway, as we drive down the Ho Chi Minh trail, it's time to take one of those never ending breaks and we'll be right back Okay, 1151 a W. I would do was that on the cart or what you notice every time Johnny's voice is on a spot when the rejoin comes on There's a little sounder exactly. That's right on it Anyway, I heard Rick Riley begging shamelessly for something on the area yesterday If he can do what I'm gonna do it to what he was begging for some kind of Canadian Beverage some little sodas or something. There's sparkling juices or something Well anyway, you know, I've gone through all the bottled waters. I used to love mountain valley and it's still great bottled water But it has no possessed to it's just it's flat and I've gotten more into the bubbly phishing kind of stuff So I can relate to Sally if it's like never bubbling personality and I went through all the Italian waters Which are good now. I'm heavily in this quabelle Q U I B E L Because anything begins with q I can relate to and it's from sweet sweet springs mountain and the Appalachians in West Virginia It is great. It's a little fizzy and they have the different little flavors with the essence of strawberry or tangerina Whatever I don't think it tastes like Andy, but it's good So if anybody listening is connected with the distributors for quabelle, quabelle, whatever the hell it's called Send me over two three hundred cases. Okay, because if Rick Riley can snow around the air I can do it with the best of mobile on the starline How are you doing great by the way the last time I tried something that you challenged it that you there was not a sponsor But you just said it was good was the barch root beer What a great what a great beverage that was barx diet root beer is even better than the regular You're only diet soda in the world. It's even better than the regular I couldn't really how good it was. Yeah, but anyway I'm 34 years old, so I don't know if I existed now. Why you're right on the border line? The border board says Madonna would say yeah, but here I don't right right next time looking at my mirror and I'll see anything I got a funny story for you my daughter is seven years old and well That's pretty funny. Yeah, that is the circle, but he always asked me questions. Why did this fly that I got it this book? It's called the great big book of why it's like an eight-in-sus sick and has all these questions All right, so okay, you pick out a page and we'll read it He picked out at random He opens up the book at random and it says what is a stroke and I said I can't believe this, but you picked it out. I'll read it too. So I'm reading all this And In turn down That and I can see you know, I'm not your real cabaret, but half thing you said. I don't understand It's talking about apple flexi and now I understand all the apple Plexi apple Like she's Plexi and how I understand when apple Plexi is what you get from eating too much fruit that's right years have been thinking of an apple plastic and you're Protecting your own strokes right well, I didn't want to let anybody down, you know But it's just that's not the thing that as the whole thing folks you pick that out Then that you don't want to own a here, but this is Anyway, that's my story of my documentary. Oh, okay, sir. I say have a wonderful life and stroke this I'm just in the day. I stopped in a piece of art. Wait listen, we have time some day I'd be delighted to hear your whole life story Have a good day in a nice life and a great holiday. It's a good vibe Okay, oh look at we've been putting this one off, but I know it's gonna be the best call of the morning Today are you doing Neil? Great hey, hey, man. I'm telling you that food in there Man you're jealous about what I'm hungry and I just can remember those sounds like they're flying alone And I'm hungry On Wednesdays. Yeah, right they bring the bat in And Johnny dark wouldn't be allowed in the eat and everybody be picking it out Well, it's your last at a long time. I've done it three weeks and I was history is a failed experiment Roger to my tube is a firm and Helper firm and healthy and on the floor is matter facts what they do oh my tubes over in the corner I got it And Sally says hi to But yet so did you like the that lives of their stuff attention it was great. I better not let Alex get a hold of this I would I say Alex I meant what's his name? Al Goldstein. How does name could be Alex? Yeah, he's speaking of Alex. I don't know anybody told you maybe Rick and put it He was on MTV Yeah, I already talked about that about 20 times. I saw about that. I saw Oh, you saw if I had the ability to I think you out here right now. I'm taking your goddamn teeth in Yes, sir you know I had never seen him or a song on He's got he's got more wrinkles than granny aug on a bad day and Jeff from pizza lofts just came up with tons of food here Oh man, so we'll have it all set up when Mr. Mr. Bouncing ball comes in here in a couple of minutes Man, I think I should have gone to visit you today just to eat all that food Well, I'm sure glad you're having a nice day all by yourself. Have a great life pal Have you got good time Monday? It's you maddened? You know who yeah, I doubt it dream on Keep a good grip on your life, sir You're no buddy. He's about princess great. Okay. Okay. Wow They're all losing it up there the losing it and yeah, let's get rid of these empty boxes because Wayne's coming back again How do you like that? This is like a little friendly contest that we have here between Jeff from pizza lofts and Wayne from Wayne Arnolds They're just almost like in a food frenzy in a little food war and One of these days when it gets really intense will have them out in the hallway throwing up Neely burgers and pizzas back and four of these said it ought to be great So we're kind of unloading the food for now. Let's out can just eat right out of the big thing There are no problem at all look at that the staff comes back in again Isn't this charming to see all these friendly faces including Mr. Who's saying junior there who's got all my ratings Figure out and those that I'm never break it by the end of the year and Boy, it's just great. And that look at all of this girl. I'm sure it's gonna be great I want to just tell you this the Zidi. What did you call it yesterday? The debut form? Basey with mushrooms and meatballs that was I mean everything Jeff has got his great, but that was the best food that I've ever had from pizza loft. It was just phenomenal. What? What does that mean? I Don't know he just gave me like your number one or something. I know what he's talking about But it was just phenomenal and I'm sure this will be too now. There's a couple of pies bra. I'm sure I'll enjoy those And Wayne is coming back good. Leave just a little bit for our Goldstein like that trough that you brought there Wouldn't be good. I am my nibble on that, but I ate a lot. I really did. I don't know what's gotten in the me, but I'm just losing control Okay, let's take a call from for Lauderdale. I will never be there. Hello, you're there. I'm here. I'm line six I am right. This is a shocking experience. How you doing? You mean did you hear any like little ticking while you were holding on? No, I heard like you know your whole show and everything You didn't you're like a little ticking Maybe like that Okay, good nothing like that. Hey, um, what uh, I never got to hear the radio yesterday because I was inside all day Yes, sir. Um, what happened at the baseball game? How many people ended up showing up? 373. I mean, I wanted to go 100 more than showed up for the Cardinals brave game in Atlanta last night. I believe that and the biggest crowd ever had a miracle game by far 3,703 it was great. You guys own that little capacity, right? Yeah, I think it holds about 5000. Oh, I mean, I wanted to go so bad But I had to watch my kids that night because my wife works and and I was like there's no way I'm taking too little kids You know what I mean? Why not everybody else did? Well, one was I got a 15 month old in a three year old You know come on, but you're up a little bit everybody brings their babies out and their kids and their teenage years And the kids they find on the street it was great Well tomorrow's the kind of the same situation my wife's working and you're it's gonna be the file if you don't come by the founds tomorrow Never speak to you again Okay, where is okay? If founds are Resides yourself as barred malls on university universe right next to Corquett or fountain shops right next to Corquett You couldn't miss it if you tried okay? I'm gonna show up. It's from Kendall to or no known to three Okay, I'll show up great. You know you have to work Monday. Yes, sir. I Lenten. I what I see it the thing. I'm gonna bring my kids. Okay. I give you a big hug bring your thing Okay, see you tomorrow. Hi. Wow Desperado. I think is the term we use for that algal steams big no desperate will be here We're gonna watch a meet for two hours right now. It's Elaine ettore with the news right Elaine is a wonderful American Rick and suds from Joe Robbie Stadium at two of the game at eight Rest of Marcus He was used to flowers and hippie stuff later back That's history. That's not this town. No. This is the toughest most aggressive town I you're always knocking radio you're right. This is I mean When I'm in New York I come back here and I find it who hates everybody the first two hours It is the most amazing thing. I really think it's management. They want you guys to kill each other You are likely It's like a cock fight and then I'm using the clean terms and you know in terms There's been here what three minutes and he's not letting all right But you guys are like the roosters and you are supposed to name each other It's extraordinary and it seems that that's what the public likes. Okay, Murray's back from our way and Arnold's by the way The second they were here already this morning Because we didn't know exactly what time they were going here. So we brought like a reason I can't believe you came back that was such an act of kindness It's wonderful. I bless you It's a birth bear in the frosted the place to cup. I the great pasta and my honey nut Cheerios and top of what L.O. This mix is all together because it'll all come up the same anyway and it's sure I'll get her thing on Believeable these people. How'd you like to have people come to your house? Are you just for speed you wouldn't have to breathe? Never have to leave that house But just hang out at the pool So to speak how you feeling though? It's a hot feeling great. I ate too much this morning I still feel good but I shouldn't do that I've avoided doing that and you know I would go into a lecture for you, but to be honest with you It's beyond it is pointless It's pointless because you dedicated your life to food. You said this life here when you were here You're dedicated your life to eating. I wrote you a letter saying that all your fat jokes are true That I love food to the point of it being self-destructive. I mean just look around this table I'm happy often make a mess, but this is unbelievable this is an old sheet. I will To have sex now is to ruin a great afternoon boy, boss And also they have to be an acrobat in your case To get a dread you know how how how such a everyday comes on and does the thing where he used to be Horace I missed the red or whatever and I'm kind of I said dear that they used to be that big Rover on the prisoner the big ball that you should be on the beach. They used to chase everybody that was you I could tell by the class of the previous thank you Maria you guys are just the beyond related food wonderful It is just repeating we have a we have a non stop supply just keep not showing until two o'clock This is a dream for a true non stop supply Now you're you're running for what in Broward you're gonna run around here and then it when is that coming up? It's not for wild Now I have a while I'm gonna be in the on the on the libertarian party line In 18,000 names and it's gonna be an issue where might slow them will be screw crime And basically it's about being left alone whether one is I mean it a sheriff should be fighting crime not not the lyrics I've saw on this and I think largest become the lefty stock of the nation so I'm gonna That's how it does so I'm gonna run against Nick and I really think I have a chance to beat him I think you got a good chance. Yeah, I think you're dog and what if you already got a good chance to win When is that gonna be Yes, the election will be 92 So I'm gonna basically I'm gonna announce in a couple of months and then I'm gonna permanently move here to Florida and I'm gonna be just like Kennedy when he ran when he left Massachusetts went to New York City Robert Kennedy, right and so people may say I'm a carpet bag But I think that Nick has made Florida look ridiculous you've done so much on the The opportunity of censorship that I know and the blame at the point but leave the lyrics alone I mean I don't even like them uses, but I just not just upset it but wouldn't it be great to have our golds in his share of a Broward County can you imagine the change we get some living and breathing people back in here That's right because I think the safest place to be is at a topless club if you were at that the doll house No one ever gets mugged there. He could turn on I mean let's make this place a fun place again Not just for the out-to-cocus Well, we can send them all up to Palm Beach County right and they have shuttles will have bus shuttles and move them up there But these meatballs are good. Let's get back to the food because that's all he really cares Anything else that goes that in between is just still okay? We're just filling some time Pete's a lot of brought you the CD with meatballs what did What are we bring back in from Wayne's what did he bring here oh there's White hot are you from Medir are you into this stuff? No, why don't white hot? Well, I don't want to get you aroused okay, but These are indigenous to Rochester. Oh look at this you brought a whole bunch of And only enough state in New York and you get them there like brought we're still in the better this spice here They're great. We got some hot sauce. Oh, geez You've never had one? No, what is a white hot? Okay, I want we're gonna take a break and I want you to delay eating one until we come back The break and then we're gonna have like an exclusive AP and UPI and all of that works might come down here as Al Gold thing puts us first white hot in his mouth Right on Wild this could be exciting Anyway speaking of food it's 1222. I want to tell you about a lot of tavernetta now if you ever been a lot tavernetta Mr Goldstein. No, I have oh, geez now this is your kind of place enormous portion gigantic portions you sit down they bring appetizers They have like mushrooms and all kinds of and zucchini and all kinds of good appetizers I was having sure you're not into that because it's probably too good for it It's right to help this one and then they bring soup that you could eat with your fist You could just stick your fist in there which you can relate to and just pull out all the vegetables and they pasta The pasta for Joel and the minister on it's the best soup in history and why you're doing that? You're shoving the garlic bread. They have the best garlic bread in the history and you're shoving it down piece five piece And then you get ready for the entree and they've got fat baby cow the best meal in history They have all kinds of great dishes cooked over angel hair pasta Were they located? I'm gonna get to that and just like Why would you get it tonight? No, they don't open it five you can eat till two and then they air out on the wheels And they're in heaven and red five I have my Cheerios a great chicken and seafood and everything like you're having pasta now the best pasta and an angel hair They have like dishes where they put a meal and peppers and onions all over the angel hair pasta tremendous And then when you're finished with that they have a dessert cart that they bring by and they have like that Turama su and all these great desserts and by the time you're finished there you're you could probably last the morning in your case Which is a lot it really is great so if you want to go out this weekend for a great Italian dinner Make a reservation in small it's intimate and effort allies in there. It'll take up half the restaurant 722 1831 They're at 84 55 West McNabroad in Tamaract They're not far from you at all you're up in pop at other in Tamaract. I'm gonna be this bad thing Just slightly east of Pine Island on McNabroad you can't be that it's just fantastic Tell Carol in the algal steams. That's what I'm gonna be the promise I promise outstanding. Lot's have another Okay, algal steams here. That's his pet pig. You really do have a pet and don't say what you said about your Wow You said what I'm like was dead me always started. I'm telling you I almost breathed all over the table all over the mic That was the most gross test thing. Well, it'll save something like but the minute you know that was now up to 35 pounds Patty and I gonna give it away so he sees he's too big and they really I'm not I don't think you could give it away Patty yes, but I'm gonna do your Pitted adorable anyway here now. This is the little thing we want to do on here before we get into the heavy sexual content Oh, you do okay, I want to find the on-ramp it And you handled that with your short grubby hands and funnier gigantic puppet I'm trying to this man. He may be fat, but he is the classiest Dresser He wore a t-shirt almost the same on the mutilation of the kids head hanging his way I'm gonna get the guy What some guy a young guy I then look like a Brock worse. Okay, okay, I look like a Brock We're gonna take before you get his Darryl I know it's hard for you to wait and don't mungle over our equipment the engineering stuff I go crazy one and I know that that's a take a little for put that's Wayne Arnold's hot sauce Okay, there's a place in Rochester called Don and Bob's where you'll probably be tomorrow by the way after hearing about this This is wonderful radio and this is where they started with the white hots and they're indigenous to upstate New York and now in a way to Be taking in his hand He's got a gigantic smile on his face and if they put that in his mouth you're keeping it in and we'll be up there He goes he's biting into it The sauce is sliding all down his shirt over the mutilation thing it looks like blood off the kids The next fact there were the rock rate. Is it incredible? And loaded with fat to I just want to mention that to you. Okay, my cholesterol very good Delicious today I had my stroke I had three of those I just want to know that put their delicious There's room Arnold's royal castle now on your way back when the limo takes you back north You get on I-95 and right at the hundred twenty fifth street exit which is right up the street It's about 36 blocks by by two thirty you'll be ready Yeah, uh hundred twelve history decks that you get off. It's a block It's right off a hundred twenty fifths. So it's easy to get on your expressway easy off and you go into they got Nealy burgers which are a little bacon cheese burgers. We're off castle. You remember there was white castle and we're off castle And it's the original thing and now he brought these in from Rochester because I've been talking about them for years Oh, the greatest thing you've ever had in your mouth These away you're not gonna have see she doesn't eat She just ships a What does she do she watch you eat all day? Yeah, is that all that goes on in your house? She sits around a watch Was you eat all day? I mean, you all didn't think this is sick It's not stick to man is just he's just a human garbage Are you wearing those those compounds today that you're wearing last time? It's pretty Very beautiful color coordinated. So I started to say at the ball game the other night outcomes on and he's wearing a t-shirt That's got like mom it let in other words you're covered yourself He's such a slob that when he eats it stuff all the time So he goes on and gets t-shirts that already have the stains on him. Okay, so he's color coordinator to start with We're made as incredible All right now let's talk some raw sex. This is great. This is better than the second then What's our baby open to they're they never close or even over on tissue Well they never you yeah, I thought you were listening to this show I thought you were a good man as a show I think you'll make that up the butter people up down I don't think you've ever even heard this show I mean he's in here giving us something to that's about how expensive Does the man have talent or what is he lost it? I don't want to get it away and tend to think about that but this audience despises the man with a pass You do understand this. I think you have talent. I think what's the punitime? I think he's too nasty No, I know I was sitting with him every year Yeah, that disease where you keep hitting younger every six months That's older than the 15 five 54 50 54 55 How old is it? 50 Eight bounces around like a ball. I can't believe it so at least 50 right because when he left here he was only 44 When you got a San Francisco you age a lot because there's a lot of stress and a lot of pressure up there From all the fishers including the ones in the earthquake. No, I think Alex is good. I think it's a good show. I really do What is a good show? What are you doing here? You know what he did here was a good show with pen Now when it was nasty but I think when he had comedians in it was it was a great house for them You didn't like that. I thought I'll let for them but at desperation for the audience because in this town how many good comedians They're all I will say and I'll give them all a credit That Eric Lambert He can thank him. He didn't have to thank me or Rick and Susie can thank him because nobody would ever heard him Reborn for Alex and those corny shows if I had the ability to do I think you out here right now I'm kick your goddamn teeth in all right. We don't want to get the hook of trying to get about him because he's dead meat in this market He's backing his own realm. There are people who are big in a given town Jerry Williams in Boston. I love him. He's been there for a hundred years Alice in San Francisco for whatever bizarre reason they like him out there and that's Look at look at the hair. Did he get another haircut? Mr. Punk Marvin. I can't believe it look at that I just can't he looks like a different person does it he it's a person now. No you look great I can't believe it especially since it's you I just can't get over it Anyway, let's talk about Gloria Gloria Lenin really Which glorious bisexual Yeah, is that a shock is that a zedramatry knows bullies? I know the man you love is Ron Cheramy He is really the ugliest man in the business. He's probably the only thing he's got going is he's devil joining I don't want to get graphic because I don't want them to come back to me I'm not crazy. See we told you don't put him on it to pornographic show I've ever seen you explain that to me I think I think you and I want to discuss this before but it's long ago and my mind's still wonders I mean not everybody could look like Peter North though. No, we're like Bambi woods all know that's an amazing thing because I have good taste regardless of what it is my eyes are very good Now Bambi woods who is a Debbie does deer fields. She was big But these guys when they talk about female pornostars They never talk about her. I don't understand it's a beautiful I don't want yeah She's got everything she's got all the right places and things in a right place. She's young She's beautiful. He's a lot and they talk about some of these really marginal people like Vanessa Del Rio for oh He's ugly. She looks like a poor the thoroughly slut. I mean absolutely unattractive I find her a turner yeah Gross and like Gloria Leonard looks like a whole whole dog Gloria will see she was just 50 less but she's always looked all but she's good actress in a nice lady and and Ron Jeremy like you said Rightening and there are a lot of other guys. They're our bola. Oh You know I know it's a grotesque wide and I may have realized today like people go and they buy these things and they watch him at home And pretend they don't see them but like in the days when porno is big which is long gone where I just agree 80% of the people who are in those flexor all ugly Why do they believe that most people want to go see ugly people have sex the men alone I can look in the mirror and do that well I know the theory is and I'm not gonna justify it that men go for the women and All you want the male to do is be reliable in terms of a sexual context But most of the men are ugly are bolder. I wanted to interview for Spurmagazine and he said no We just he had a legitimate acting career. I said but I said I said Racer Robert you're there naked doing it on screen You think people don't know who you are and he's afraid I would ruin his legitimate career There are real delusions here Then they're almost almost psychotic oh there are a couple of like Jamie Gellos is another one. He considers himself a real actor You can tell because all the scripts of these pathetic movies used to be in real deep and real like They were really trying to do something with a message like they consider themselves a great Shakespearean Who the hell are they kidding and he's another one? Meas I mean so ugly and so grotesque He had he liked them she thinks he's a nice man Jamie Gellos Do you want to put it on a mic? Oh, we'll give her a mic if you want to be equal time do we have one So I can shoot or can't we she's sitting down in front of a white hot maybe that'll work. I don't know This way I can you what is the huh? Talk what in oh here it is over here. I can't see it in the middle of all the food. Okay excuse me George What the hell was that? Okay, was my zoop tube is getting excited. Okay, so just try to relax Okay, here we go is it on? Okay, that's why I like his informal radio see it was never like this with Alex before it was a little more plastic Jamie Gellos is no way we're gonna have to pull that up I'm gonna have to really like you're gonna In what respect what is it is life in the neighborhood down beautiful? Jamie Gellos is beautiful no, what do you marry now my god? What's the last time you had your eyes checked are you serious? How thick of those glasses? Because like he's in the oh Yes, God there's hope for everybody now man. She said I looked almost as good as Peter Norris I couldn't believe He's got his feet just right here. Yeah, I'm so beautiful and for the right price you can have to reach Anyways 12 35 the WOD were here for the outgold steaming two hour lunch since the only reason they show is going on all the rest is just feel and we'll be right back One great dog boy look at that She gonna do something on the table there. That'll be great 12 38 WOD and yeah, we're talking about during the break about continental cable which I would like to take now or we'll slam them Some cable companies when it rains They have a problem the cable was out for 20 minutes with continental when a pigeon flies over and looks to leg The cable goes out for least an hour or some time and hour and a half last either last year or the year before when I think I was Had my first dish on a Sunday during the NFL playoff Continental people went out at about 13 30 in a morning and luckily I had my dish. It didn't bother me But they were out for hours and I think it was a day on a Sunday when they had an AFC game in noon and FD game at 4 o'clock at the afternoon and People in that whole area must have been going nuts because they could see nothing because when you got to cable You usually don't even have a regular antenna that's it that's what you depend on it. They are the worst I was looking I I'm a news junkie and I was watching CNN which is a headline news with channel 8 and all the sudden black and that is what happened And then I find that the two years of 1 a m and 3 a m they changed the station line up and and headline news is now becomes 32 But they never told the subscribers They don't care less than ever watching prime time a fascinating article of fascinating story William Styron the writer about his depression Ten away. I'm in grossed in it goes off the year for 46 minutes I think don't care I have a satellite in New York City. I'm gonna put a satellite edition on at my condo I just think we're only midnight blue and brown What you know, big big battle going on in New York City now they're trying to knock out the this the set shows I'm in happy Jay, which is the station that always had the sex stuff is post-go or fear of sober person That's I'm gonna be doing Donnie in that's week about that topic, but it's not a Florida story The point is covered it ties in with all the Florida stories You know the American XCC things started in where was it in the end of the cell the Louisiana or Alabama Some people generally on the town in Alabama and and all of a sudden once they got it off It's off altogether not that anybody cares because quite frankly all the movies they showed I've seen 400 times right most of them don't want to see again But it's just the idea of people having the free choice they've got a lot of boxed little kids are gonna But it just got these for a business right wingers who want to take away everything I joke about it about all the fastest and about you know the Nazi Doyslando Brawls ought to be the theme song and brown and everybody grabs and bitches the same thing But it's a big joke to them. They don't care Of course I am in New York so I can't hear you there When I'm here, I listen and when I love about you and then I love you and they have seen it You're a funny idea The great point in this and the way they do it The white hot makeup even if you were a stuttering dottering old fool the one man which I Well, they're gonna have fun but what I love about you and then and it's not it's not a king you It should go down to the fundamentals which is I really am an atheist and I think the issues are atheism First is the Puritans the Puritans left England came here It really has to come to parents calm the hypocrites the hypocrites that's what they are they want to feel guilty To me pornography is irrelevant except that it's right to exist is important I'm not gonna say pornography is important there's a genre of cares But it should be an option available. I am an atheist and every time I hear these people's acting pornography It's people who want to go to Sunday school Bible classes led them I don't close it in church Just let them leave my topless clubs alone What why is it that the Europeans are so far ahead of us? I got you know the last two summers for the I don't want some like a great world Traveller because I'm not but my first two trips to Europe or last summer when I had a great two weeks Then this year I kind of jerk as my health wasn't that great But they're like light years ahead of us. They're not all up tight about six If you want to see any kind of pornography under the sun they've got it if you don't want to see it Nobody's gonna drag you in they don't even talk about it because it's past say it's old Had it's not a big simist they don't have a bunch of Puritans running around they have a church on every street corner But they're all empty nobody even that's they don't they don't have the same outlook on Phonatic religion on in the intolerance and try to tell everybody how to live their lives think of it in terms of the The Puritans and the true belief that came here to this country a new beach in Europe who cares Their television shows breast nobody cares. We are so excited at that I would not have made the money I did with screw, but we're so fascinated There was so much guilt. I mean masturbation is still offensive to some people We don't stand a chance. I mean it's absolutely extraordinary that people still fight these sex issues Let it be who cares about a nude Beach Who right about the religious thing? I don't want to get into a whole thing about it because I've done 80,000 shows on that over the years But I've used the screen and tell my gut's out and it might's well in whistling it a little when it's done But you know, he's got the gay rights thing coming up The band that you should just going to statement in the arts school we hear up this week is 80 billion dollar Office booze With all you know, we have every year we raise money for Camila's house because people are starving And we do our little bit and people out there take their heart and dollars and try to help out But here they spend millions of dollars so that the arts bishop can sit up there in fancy quarters and he sends out his little victim That they should vote against the thing and all the religious intolerant figures and for the Catholic Church To be talking about homosexuality is it is like would be like you giving a lecture on overeating I mean right a credit read a the month pass of priests very high numbers There are constant religious Candles the bottom line is if really is when I do a college of parents or a good TV shootout I'll keep you showing now. I always go right into the path that I'm an atheist and it's the fact that religion wants us to feel guilty They they want to delay pleasure. They say everything is is for the hair after it is supposed to be a veil of tears And it really is Religion which is promulgating superstition and nonsense But I don't try to close up the religions leave my topless clubs and point out via disillone and for Nick and then that's really why I want to run For sure But Nick to be listening to lyrics when this is the most dangerous Community in the world is is truly the definition of up sentty Watch a bit there. You want to see what a beautiful side What is the same like a crap we went through with the FCC here You know they're worried about words you're worried about somebody Whoever got offended by work got not offended but whoever got harm by word So you get offended big did you can turn it off you can block it out But I don't see where anybody gets hurt by words Absolutely absolutely absolutely I was watching channel 9 which is sent here on the continental system and they had some discussion And the people who were attacking at the time was a show about table TV in New York City The people who were offended by the pro sex programs What people are putting in speaking looks they said use people They people who never read Shakespeare never read a book don't know who does the F ski is Again and again instead of of of of of of enjoying the fact that we are the versus society We concentrate on how much and I think patty and I were in Berlin a year ago before the walk in them And I hate to say the ships I hate Berlin. I don't like Cuba hate rush because it's boring and because it's pure a chemical because it's pure a tentacle and when the walls came out the first thing These Berlin people did was not to was not to buy time magazine They ran to the porno shops in West Berlin That's where they was stopped for That's what makes the democracy so important and it's funny There'll be more freedom and rush of probably that shit and we have here in Florida But they go back to the art spaceship the ones who scream the most just like the ones who are now carrying on about the ordinance on Tuesday Almost always are self-hating class of the right my whole life I've discovered that under the John McCarthy and the Jay of your horrors and the Roy cones and all these Who just died a couple years ago horrible death from a little right hypocrites self-heating hypocrites and Jimmy Swagger and Fallwell and Jim Baker who's cooling his heels up there All condemning and making judgment and making a fast buck off it to at the same time because they're feeding on people's Insecurity and our hatreds and their fears and their guilt and in the meantime they're doing everything that's walking That's breathing that's the key concept of of debocracy when I testified at the week commission five years ago I looked up at this dauer sour face of a guy named Bruce with her now He he he runs an organization in New York called Covenant house He hated pornography boy. He also did he was a pedophile He was involved with the owner of his open proven he fires he may even face criminal charges This man looked at me like I was some violetta at least I'm honest I'm consistent with my convictions. I don't put down people for the things I'm doing that's what Bruce Ritted it that's what I hate about the churches you do carnalokana. Oh a carnalor Bellman do you have Carnalph Bell Spellman talk about a hypocrite while documenting that he was homosexual not only that But that they used to have young boys were brought up in limousines in the back door of the rectory or whatever Call where he was living. I mean and but yeah, I'll say that Retreat I'm very quick very carefully the rectum rewrite it's a talk 48 out gold scenes here I'm glad we got an endo a real heated conversation because it we took a little break and leave Well, I'm the Justin exactly you can hear it if you listen carefully you can hear the and I just think going out an else Perfect listen Oh, that's exciting it's almost pornographic and we'll do a little break I'm gonna keep him out as best behavior. He's not gonna take another mouthful to the least nine minutes So we'll be right back If I had the ability I think you out here right now check your goddamn teeth there Well listen I want to keep his memory alive. I want to make you happy 1252 at Wio the young girls and she'll never get written Smut will be at Joabi, I must say the orange form. I get involved in what Joabi stadium doing their show this afternoon They've dick part you know This part is older than both of us put together and he looks like the posted child for a teenage Pimple cream a little great. He died maybe he'll reveal her secret I'm here the all I think he's showing for some show ready The dog and Shirley Jennifer and Mary soon probably to be posted children in screw magazine will be on four five This afternoon timber I'll be on a show shows a ganky a five o'clock in the course after sports talk The dolphins in a bite for data fuck you showed up at the game the other man. Are you a baseball fan? No, but I I don't think I showed up these but I did buy season passes There was $200 and I bought did you really? Because I wanted to be part of the community But the food was good. I like the way they grilled the hot dogs I mean that was really really First got here off here. He said you were right I did eat the whole rest of the time because you were sitting back there and it was I felt great because I'm sandwiched But you didn't fair rich and people said man you lost so much weight. You look great I lost a hunt Between you guys next thing I know you get up and you had some lame excuse What did you say you like I think I said I said I'm in the school now? No, you said you wanted to see the game or something what it means That for you thought he was a photo in bogus and you're not full or me and I said what you know the food Joe is well, I did you mention it and you were over there the whole night Yeah, I said they broke all the records for food sales I wasn't because of the big it is and it wasn't a report. I like that. It's nice So you also spoke out there and eat food every night Why are you in the season? You have to go make a line Mike left said it's okay You know his father was a real hero of mine He and should be in the baseball hall of absolute you're not a sports fan at all Know what your friend about? I used to I used to love the Brooklyn Dodgers and then when they left Brooklyn I tried I know things that you know Baby life time batting average three 40 There was three four and they some memory that one was four because you're an old man now I Do you respect this Hank Bauer and Bobby of yellow and I was the friend I didn't know Bob Caller was the right hand is though. I do that near I never heard the end of I've always been in into Bush racing 30 years and I've learned nothing I've learned absolutely nothing you said maybe stay away You ever go no I just can't see with the track although I will say this if you go up to call the racing is lounging But the pool is saying what do they say? I could say if you up on the fourth floor Paul and the clubhouse Dully sandwich the best deli sandwich of the fresh corn beef for strommie roast beef and Swiss on big rolls You would go nice Forget about the race You only want every half all anyway look out to one dough you took that you have some passing That's a reward of say some won't be as if in most places of the world you cannot get a rare Hamburg I mean this has been my cause now. I want to run on that as it's Well, I could say because most people don't like it wrong So I would a lot but I was thinking I want you to be a lot very rare blood rare It's you and do it's most places and I'm too afraid of forever I find it amazing. I mean this is the ultimate first racing I think people in the world is the movie the story Leonard that caused this fixation with eating things raw is that what I'm Do you remember the movie I'm talking to which one was you don't remember the movie I'm talking about You were still I don't remember who was naked or whatever If anything should be banned, right should be a junior naked But and you were like doing a commentary and then the wall these things go on in between But you and Gloria Leonard was sitting there I don't know what that was about but you were in it. You were very prominent this movie You don't remember it. No, remember Yes, I think The one on the set they had chitting when Oh People don't have a funny attitude because this is a very important question a lot of people asking the answer John Holmes John was a prostitist He was a prostitist You know you're this weird you know I think of it as murder trial for people and when people wouldn't Tell me that well I know about I know Patty's not gonna tell me he was working right here was from hundreds But I What about the one of the other people who was ever born but I wouldn't give my right on them No, there's no right No, why do you wish that I'd feel that I understand but maybe he was Incredible but he was as an old by sexual and he's a very heavy trope Very heavy trope user The cocaine he died Two years ago Gloria Leonard is my neighbor and now laying in And she and the Dawson's and the Vikings are we doing a show or she and she's up and also what I wanted to Still you see is he having a hormonal problem? What you're up with Excuse me Oh, I never come to the buzz button I know you're seeing it by the Maybe he's here with us New song radio 610 Wildy presents the Neil Roger show to get in touch and talk Now 751 Wildy in David 524 Wildy in Broward 655 Wildy in the Palm Beach and if you use a Bell South mobility car phone, it's a free call at star IOD The opinions expressed by the host guest or colors are not necessarily those of this station Now here's Neil Rogers Oh boy, it's the one to two hours Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy You will see the movie listen to the song track where the teacher and read the comic book And now just in time for Father's Day You can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie the soundtrack the teacher in the comic book New Dick Tracy Colone Why smell like other guys? Now you can smell like dick Okay, one of six is Wildy Slim Al Goldstein is here puffin' on a little stokey where I haven't See some people after sex they have a little smoke, I'll after each course Has another stokey which that's what about your fourth since you came in at one one and it's better bad And you know this I keep a very clean mirror right over the food So it's a double sixth site That's the turn on for me People would come to my home when I was dating before I married Patty and they'd say it did be a mirror over the bedroom No, there's a lot of refrigerators in the bedroom Food You are going to stop though I'm not used to one right during the rain I'm working we're working desperately with Al to try to bring him back to release I'm at a 306 I maintain and then I think Neil agrees with with this that food is to me and to him The way cocaine is to a drug user I'm way too It really is I used to go there Well nothing worse than skinny people who eat like pigs and have never had a way problem in your own meal And And But they don't appreciate food the way we do my shit so why will he tune the fish sandwiches She doesn't know good food. I mean She peased to problem Oh, yeah, but What do you want to meet with her? Is mesh potatoes with gravy? She loves she loves McDonalds. I mean to her I mean to her I mean to her this is gourmet food But but she's probably healthy with food food is something she just eats but I Dream about it. I get excited. I get mesmerized by food And you see Dratsau with Dom Deloitte It was painful to movie. What is that sure? Yeah, because I thought it was funny I mean I get moments that you can relate to I thought it was funny There's so much paces. I kept it identifying with the part where he's embedded night in these Sticks through the TV and every channel has got another spot He eats her and the cheese and all God Relatable it is so relatable Should we take do you think we're gonna get some cost for our gold city today? Maybe some good Maniac sound we get some a hate not like the old days is it? See it's like when I used to have madlittle hair on all the time right and in the beginning Choose to get all these religious nuts that would call they would spew their a hate and show what good religions And then after like the 400th time you wear them down They you wear down the resistance and they know They just give up because they know that you're not gonna go away and you're not gonna stop telling the truth right And they can't handle it uh land Tanna out You are also critique terms for a penthouse magazine Yes, I do a monthly column for penthouse and a monthly column for form Okay, now I was just wondering could you like give like the top five top films That are you know have some kind of plot because you know you watch some you go into a To a video story and you're walking around trying to find out a good film Let me wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute You see in other words a good film to your good portal film has to have a plot Well not a plot but you know That word a girl comes in Family motion on Sunday and 25 and 69 You know you want something that has a girl up of characters in our work not work in other words You want 60 through 68 60 Which by the way is the important thing this is the tease that makes it work I mean you're absolutely right just just having people do it is tedious and I think that's the exciting thing of about dating is it's I mean there is a tension to just do it right away I think boring I think totally boring I'm gonna talk mostly about the older films one is called sex world which is really a well done slick film is a film called To boo I have feeling Neil may not agree with with these thoughts Jerry Damiano some people say can be pretentious but I thought I think the devil in this Jones is wonderful Oh, hey, did you know that if you too many of those white huts it starts affecting the brain all the fat starts Guilette you're letting it out the devil in Miss John the only movie worst in that was deep stroke Would everybody talks about well want the worst form of his ever made it's a funny what is a deep throat funny Yeah, it's funny, but not a rotting oh no, no, he's not also a hairy rooms another ugly Jewish guy with here right exactly But devil Miss Jones now he's the test by I mean rent a film devil Miss Jones and realize who is the genius? I algo seen on Neil Rogers and you'll see why I'm running to sheriff and right Yeah, I'm springing for lunch and he's eating Because you know a lot of people tend to give it up. It just go in there I read my reviews in penas seriously The value the problem is most of the films are so boring that I looked them I looked him in video and I I go fast forward during the sex scenes because it all looks alike and I only stop it for the dialogue to see if there's anything same Most point of films of our opposite that it right and there are no scripts right I have to agree with the acting and on and it's been to you know The business I mean though I find that there's more back stones coming out now Yeah, and then there's a quality film like you say Even the be the older one word, you know like like that. He does Dallas right Let me just say we shot in 35 mill 35 millimetre it took two or three weeks to do Those films were really well done. I think and again I think probably devilness Jones Neil doesn't like because it did have some pretensions But I liked it because it's inside Jennifer Wow excellent I think it was a wonderful film Burben Street a guy named Bradley Metzka made wonderful movies Camille 2000 he was really a superior filmmaker and These are the films from the 70s that are really good Metro 2 3 4 us stupid. I think it's like anyone not can describe a cow court A good a couple girls to make their own so you know I'm probably having an ABC. I'm Thanks a lot now. Thanks. Okay 12 minutes after one at WI do take a little break in during that break I'll try to bring this man back to some sense of reality your taste is marginal the best