This is the Neal Roger Show. This is your plane. Any question? Yeah, lots. Anyway, it's 10-07 at WIV. Just like old times, isn't it? Boy, you just wait. Just wait a few days. We're going to be reccycling all those old memories. I forgot, by the way, to bring in the Dick Pertentepe. So the two pinheads that called in yesterday that were just desperate to hear that again. You have to wait until tomorrow. You'll have to wait till I remember to bring in the cassette. When I'm good and ready to bring it in, that's when you'll hear it. Okay? When the dog barks and says, hey, bring the cassette dummy, that's when I'll remember to bring it in. Anyway, we have something unusual today. We have open phones from 10-2. And the Richard Simmons, one of my, Boy, I have such ambivalent feelings about him. Like I do about most people. Because most people are at least 50% full of crap. I think you'll discover that as you go through life. And the Richard has been on my show many, many times. Until a time that he practically strangled me with an affectionate love grip on my neck. He's not as bad as Joey, at least he doesn't kiss. At least not on the first to guess the appearance anyway. But he put his came up from behind me and put his hands around my neck and got ahold of my larynx and just about crushed my voice box, which would have been the end of me. But anyway, he's getting fat too, by the way. Have you seen him lately? He is putting on the pounds, man. He is really doing it. But he'll be on, I think, by phone, right? I pray. Oh, I hope he's not going to be in a building. Because if he is still coming here again and start schmoozing up to me and I can't, he's not my type Richard. I'm sorry. I don't think you're anybody's type. He's going to talk about his predictions for the 90s. Also, from WLRNs off the beaten path, can we say that comes Bob Slade? Oh, my god, look at this and representatives from WKPX, Piper Radio will be here to talk new music and music radio and talk a lot about Elvis Costello and the Ramones, no doubt. On the Alex Benadchoes, we got a lot of stuff coming up later. Nothing now. We have nothing now. Just the four hours. I was going to go into a big song in a dance today about my satellite dish and about my neighbors that I mentioned yesterday. And why is it that people, neighbors in this town suck so bad. They're just brutal. They're nasty. They're hostile. And also the city of plantation lied through their teeth to me. I don't want to mention any names on the air, but they lied. And another sending me a notice, a citation. Just like back where I started two years ago, the same crap with the satellite dish. And the bottom line is there are phrases that you're going to see something that they can't see and you're going to have a good time, which is against the law. Secondly, the cable companies just want to make it as difficult as possible. I have continental and plantation and they have got to be one of the worst. They won't give us GN. Because all these cable companies are in bed with Ted Turner. They get a special deal because they got CNN and headline news. And the TNT, which is a piece of crap. Did you hear Alex say yesterday, TNT was one of his favorites? I can't believe anybody watches TNT. All those old washed out 40s movies. They put on their all-life crap. Nobody watches TNT. But anyway, in exchange for getting all of that at a reduced price, they carry WTS, which nobody unless you want to see green acres. Nobody wants to see WTS because the only thing they have of interest is the braves. And there are only about six people interested in the braves, plus a couple of purverts. They want to see Dale Murphy. And that's about it. And we could have WGN. But instead, we get stuck with that. And of course, we don't have sports channel either. So if you got continental, you really are screwed badly. Badly. And that's the name of the game. So to the city of plantation, a special salute, you may not be good, but at least you're consistent. You're consistently full of crap. You're like a bunch of little dictators over there. And all you want to do is make everybody's life as miserable as possible. Like you're $16 a box plantation bags, which I hope. I hope that each one of the city commissioners in plantation. Wakes up one morning with a blue garbage bag around his head. Okay? With just a few holes in it so that they're still breathing. Barely. Boy, you people make me sick. Man, do things that are not in any way bothering anybody else. Or at least shouldn't be. And it doesn't make a bit of difference. Just hopeless. Same old crap. You don't want to be bored with that. Do you? You don't want to hear that same old crap. You don't want to hear me quenching on the air. You've heard it a million times before. And that's it. If you don't like it, get the hell out of here. If you don't like it, leave. That's it. Never going to change. It sucks. That's the way they want it. They don't watch you seeing all that sports and all those movies. And having a good time. And American X to see once in a while too, just for variety. Now that's that's old stuff on there, boy. They even have run Jeremy movies on there. He looks just like Al Goldstein. I got a incredible letter. Which I think I'll read because I got nothing going today. It's Tuesday tomorrow. We got our big remote at specs. So I'm just kind of laying low today. Getting ready for tomorrow's big extra. Vaganza. Joey's going to be stopping by and ricken puts. And fat rickl be there. Fourse feeding food down his throat that he doesn't even want just to be a nice guy. Right? Anyway, I got a incredible letter from Al Goldstein. He is obsessed with his show. He's just obsessed. And a copy of the latest screw magazine. Maybe we should read some of the columns. The name is some of the columns from screw. That'll get the license in about five minutes. Okay. Well, here's one. We can read this. It's called not a peep. Rag queens. Papal smear. Frank and file. Not easier pretty. This one here that I'm not going to read. What it says. Anyway, 13 past 10 at Wild. Oh, you just don't listen to it. Well, anyway, congratulations to Cheryl and Mitch. Who over the weekend. Where did you go? No. Is that a secret? Okay. They got married ladies and gentlemen. And we wish them the best. They're just too wonderful human beings. They're just too excited and heaven. And I don't say that's archastically. I say that. It's just a wonderful match. It's one of those rare occasions when two perfectly matched people in temperament and taste. Et cetera. Have a wedding, holy matrimony. And they're taking up the office pool right now. Okay. Now, what is that? That looks pretty good. That's not a big. That's an onion rule, right? Thank you, Paul. Paul over at Bagels in company sent a little stuff here this morning. What? Vegetable cream cheese isn't that great. It's not even a tray. Look at that. It's great. It's kosher for, um, Sukus. I don't know why Sukus always comes to my mind. That's because it's the eating holiday. I mean, pass over. You have a little sater, but Sukus is like the festival of eating of picking out. That rich is ancestors must have started that holiday. Look at that. It's all sliced with all those nice onions. Now, are you doing that for me? Oh, thank you. I was getting a little nervous. Anyway, it's 10.17 a W. And W. I want to do later. I'll read Al Goldstein's a letter. Al is obsessed with this showable. He just, uh, I think Al is in love with me. I'm nervous about that because he signs it with love and kisses. Al. And I'm not, uh, have you seen him lately? Cheryl? What? Have you seen Al Goldstein lately? Mount Vesuvius on a bad day. Got to go on a diet first, Al. And lose about, uh, a hundred pounds and a hundred years. Let's go to market for a wonderful call. Hello. I'm a great. Hey, I got something, uh, pot. How about you? They're about the Super Bowl. It's the best time to go out to a restaurant. Uh-huh. Went to the pots, Sunday. You went to the pot. Yes. Grater a lot of our listeners who've spent a lot of time at the pot. It was great. Did my banana? Yeah. It was unbelievable. Great. Another thing when to talk about it. You do realize that there's no melting pot in plantation, don't you? It's too good for plantation. It's against the law. In fact, I don't even know how quirky snake did. I'm trying. I'm trying to get there. They knew how good that was. They probably, uh, close them up by Friday. Well, I got a good cell and body bag in plantation. I want to sound bitter and hostile, but I am. See, move, huh? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Do you want to do a plantation? Want to be still in Jackaranda? No. I don't discuss why I live on the air, sir. I mean, are you a reinserge or what? You want me to get the address on the air? I got to come cruise and buy your house. And by the way, Marcy, who lives in my complex, who called yesterday, he's called a couple of times. It didn't dawn on me. I was just thinking about this. I was just thinking about this, but, um, remember she said yesterday, were you listening? Mm-hmm. You don't know what I'm talking about. She said that when the inspector from plantation came evidently to look at the ditch. Yeah, and your car. And was looking at the Ferrari. Well, she doesn't live in the same part of the complex that I do. So unless she's a super-yant, how does she know what he was looking at? Unless she's kind of like hanging out the house being a little inspector? Yeah. Well, you know what? What are a bunch of yentres in this town, man? You don't know that garbage bag up. You guys get the ACN tapes? I beg your pardon? Did you guys get the ACN tapes? We don't discuss these things here until we're ready to discuss them, okay? Well, you played- You're just an awful pushy today. Awful. We're just giving you a little, we're giving you a little taste. You're playing Steven, eh? And here what I just said, we're giving you a little taste. I want a big taste. I'll give you a taste. It's 10, 19, and a WI, that was our first friendly call of the morning, and that should give you visitors a real good idea what this town is all about. Get out. Before it's too late. Okay? Get out of the bus, and go back where you came from. This is a little, this is good, but it's heavy. I mean, I don't think you're supposed to make a sandwich out of it. Huh? No, you're not. It's too much, too much. And I've got to go to mommy's today. This is just, um, no, I'm having some orange juice. And I have a little bit of this. A little taste. It's good. It's delicious. Mmm. Pucke did eat that whole thing. Then you'd start gaining some weight. Then you could look like Alice Goldstein in about 10 weeks. Here's a mobile and four-lauterdale, huh? I don't know. Okay. Listen, um, everybody sounds like an inspector gadget. Yeah. You're in your place. I had a nightmare this morning. I woke up, I put the dogs out, and I went back to sleep, and I had a nightmare about the homeowners association. I came here. No, seriously, and all these weird people came in. We're inspecting my house. And for some reason, there was all this mud all over the floor. Probably with a magnifying glass, too, right? Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I think most of the need of magnifying glass. Well, I'm starving. I've been eating all day. It's five o'clock this morning. One. And I'm just hungry. And I'm over the corkies now, and I'm going to cleanse my palate over there. Excellent. And I spent a lot of time right now, I'm on my way there. And the other thing I was going to tell you, I didn't get to call you yesterday, but it was true superball day. I ate like an animal. I told you, it was ESP. I was having a pony that tiger also. He ate all day long. All day long. But ever, you talked about frosted flakes. I didn't gain any weight. I was too nervous to get on the scale yesterday. Really? So I got on this morning, and I didn't gain any weight, which I don't know how. But I had to play. Look at that Bob Barker is on Sally Jesse, and he's wearing a mint coat. I can't believe it. Yeah. There's probably made from artificial flavoring. It's died number three of stuff like that. Good. Well, I hope it gets seats into his pores, and it comes out in his hair. I hope that when they put him in a casket, his eyes is blinded, and it's like a chipmunked to my right on the prices. I like that. Barker, but he's a little too cozy with those animals. A little too serious. It shouldn't take it that serious. Anyway, I like to call those people, and expect your house and plant-racion on bunch of those bags, including that Marcy. Okay. Okay. Have a great lunch. Bye. Well, this is delicious. It's an onion. Not a roll. I don't know what the hell it is. It's like an all-long onion thing. It's a little bit smaller with vegetable cream cheese inside. And Cheryl made a big sandwich out of it, and it's disgusting. Just too big. Too big, Cheryl. What do you want, Henry? No. It's Shattala, a crap. Yeah. 22-page standard WOD. We still have a couple of open lines in Dave County. They're not too sociable this morning. Boke and Palm Beach are still wondering what the topic is. 75-1 WOD. Now that's a bulle. Is it at a center set of prévite? Yeah. a beallie is in it or is that a flat I'd hard to tell I can't tell it's also a loaded with onions it looks delicious excellent drink and good health anyway let me tell you about an a auto repair place that really does a great that had something to say and it would act relatively normal instead of like like like they had same fight as dancer something but then that would be wrong that would be a rip off will see how goes at the remote tomorrow okay because I don't think we're gonna take any calls just like today show this is practice for tomorrow okay because we want to get ready for the remote we're not gonna take any calls tomorrow we're taking just a few today we're kind of phase out of super day I hope you're putting me on okay I hope you're putting me on all right you know there are some people you cannot insult and one thing about doing a talk show in this town I've been here 14 years and there are some you co-on here you say it's just like a game like blind mic I didn't hear the call but he evidently called a certain show on another station this morning because I heard them talking about it and it's like the more you talk about how chronic these people are and what opinion he has and they have nothing to say and how bad colors they are the more they'll call just to piss you off okay idiots like children like little infants okay let's do the mobile first what do you think about that what I have to think about is the banning show which is virtually unlisted I don't want to discuss that okay I'm sick and tired somebody comes to this market and right away all you wouldn't make any difference if we put God on from two to six all you people want to do is call and bitch about Alex bet it stand major anybody that's in there it's all you want to do and then if if the numbers are mediocre or if they get a lot of flack and they leave then right away oh gee we were just getting used to fill in the black whoever it is okay you people are so predictable you make me want to vomit and if you don't want to listen to it don't listen to it but don't call here and tell me about it I don't care what you listen to it to a clock I'd like you listen to Wild 24 hours a day seven days a week looks like cause some kind of a lemon but I can't force you to do that if you don't like it don't listen to it but don't call here and put me in that position constantly and then I get all the flack out here ripping you to a nassurah I'm listen I hope that guy gets a ten all right with a decimal point in the right place man is that piss me off I'm so sick of it you people are so predictable I don't like this I don't know what the hell do you want huh what the hell do you want do you know do you have any idea have you got any concept you don't know what you want you're like a bunch of little babies with rattles out there you're nauseating but I'm not gonna get upset I'm having a little breakfast here which I didn't even expect thank you Paul from bagels and company very much for being a wonderful humanitarian I'm reaching back in here now for the cds screw there so okay nobody gets paid enough to put up with this crap right screw this and as for you Neil what the hell do you want I was in such a good mood this morning and spite of my neighbors wait wait come in here and all I get is that well uh well I'll explain it's unlessinable and then I get you on here why don't you give it a rest why don't you find a life and go out and do something I heard you call on another certain show what are you gonna stop I call I call Joe what are you gonna stop he was dying hey I got news for you you were like the nail in the coffin okay pal wait you're always pathetic my call was pathetic no i'm pathetic no wonder they fired your ass at while 100 you're at a scraper the human race you're one of these little radio groupies who has nothing else to do besides listen to jingles and call up radio stations why don't you do something constructive like a lot and sweep garbage wait home out of second at least at least on my show I've never played it what show what oh what oh what oh what show I'm working in for my well what the hell are you calling over here for what the hell do you want you know i've spare time without for my I got news for i got several suggestions okay but in your case you don't have the equipment meal in this town what do you want what do you want from us besides calling your days super day you're not a Johnny dark creation you're like another nightmare that came from that whole chapter of my life with a Johnny darks and the Johnny rabbits and all these bags i have enough out of work friends i don't need any new ones i'm not out of work well thank god for that wanted to do some show prep now what times your show uh tomorrow it's well good get started ahead of time get started now it's right out some one line or some three by five cards well you know i don't have the Olympia some anti-lips and easy and to play on my show so i can look here's what you got to play this show isn't based on bits i can go the whole week without a planety those cards this isn't the bird filling in this is a real radio show now goldstein listen to this sir listen to this out goldstein says in this letter i hope says it's the euro how goldstein's a genius he says i know you think i'm sucking up to you but i really meant it when i said you're the best on air radio person out in the united states maybe even in the world and i don't even want to borrow your satellite dish or money or your dog how do you like that without gold from out gold team that's why he's putting out a pornography thing exactly because he knows what this business is all about what do you know about radio you work there why 100 sweep in the floor for a couple of months what do you know about radio they work with that lead to a bunch of losers over there a while and hundred what do you know i am your expert but i heard all i crap your addition out to jolly on saturday was embarrassing yeah but these people don't want to hear about the business that we're in they want to hear about topics meal sir my ratings for the i don't care about your ratings and for it here so cares about your ratings i'm just going to read it before here so i'm gonna yeah what yeah but what one more i'd like one of Steve's colors now but you're like a hurricane reject meal what they can value you give it a rest be kneel as soon as we say your chronic you immediately show up on a phone again like blind mike like lary can't police and i play you a martell all right number one i'm marking Brian a K L left like a martin what barking brine tailers not being a name dropper we already got one named dropper here don't start that crap i don't have any idea who they are number two what is your k-lose k-lose no it's k-l-l-wess number three would be you what number three what the top radio entertainer oh get out of here you're giving your critiquing my work oh you're a little putts like you is critiquing my work well i i what you know about radio even boy Gary knows more about radio than you doing he knows nothing that's in power zero okay let's let's get all three he knows a hundred times more about it than you do so what does that tell us did you uh did you uh you can't insult him at all you can't you just there's just no hope for this guy because you know i know i know this is only radio not only radio it's the truth and it's you see that's the excuse you used to block it out we all this psychologist don't hear you want to speak all by college is out here don't tell me i'm a gentleman i'm not a gentleman at all great fine java gentleman i'd be sitting here sucking up to you like joey did unsettered a because he was desperate for a call well anybody that talks to blind mic for five minutes about jingles i mean how good to that a bit it was great it wasn't great it was just say there you go it wasn't great it was almost as bad as your call what would they put in your be all he's not thinking all i'm just telling it like it is i'm not holding back anymore i'm starting to strike out for truth and honesty oh you know the first time i call believe that while i'm storm point at one hundred you said the following words and i quote boy he's a breath of fresh air you know the first time a breath of fresh air which is just a joke you took it seriously how many people in this market no breath of fresh air i know you're breathy people you can't hide on when you can use some some a scope i said i smelled your breath at high lie you could use a little scope couldn't hurt you and lester that a lester comes up saturday at the track and he breeds right in your face his mouth smells like smells like he's been cleaning my backyard with his tongue like mung the worse say goodbye day say goodbye say goodbye say goodbye 1036 at w i would be hey listen i'm telling you it's not got nothing to do i'm not in a bad mood i'm not a bad guy but the guy just needs to be a potty trained okay like the guy in that cart that was sucking around to be in the studio he won't he won't quit all these chronic voices man it's just like and i don't want to start on callers audience because then i'll get accused of it her fearing granny every morning at nine thirty it's granny the same to even bills is how come you call every day the same time it's like an alarm clock i don't want to have an alarm clock on my radio unless i'm waking up to it air remorning at the same time she's on and she's about as exciting as metamusol okay give it a rest give it a rest let's get some new people on the phone today okay let's get some new and exciting and different and sensual and erotic people on the phone today some people who at least have some of the equipment not necessarily all of it but at least at the beginning something anything so high dial is granny i mean come on give it a rest i'm traveling matt and steven this one and that one my god there's four million people down here we talked to like the same fifteen people every god damn day when they hello you people where they it's ten thirty seven a w i o d we do have an opening in day w i o d yes let me see two million sure hold on please it's ten thirty seven w i o d let's do a little break here velvet it will be right back oh look at that i just dropped the uh they can't they find a new way to package CDs i know we've talked about that for a long time these things these plastic things they fall apart and i just dropped Donnie Osmond on the floor and if you saw what's on that floor now like his parts of spread all over the floor let me grab that one there okay it's ten forty twenty-two eleven and w i do we're not going to sit back and take a lot of crap here today just because you know just because you think you start out a little mellow and mild now let's call it in bug them okay stick it in your ear okay pal that's super Dave your chronic you have the goal the audacity to call in this program and start rating other people's talent okay what you know about radio we could stick in a symbol and have room for everybody that ever worked in w i o d left over starting with mark pentrack okay mark is in the truck right now there would you're a solvant with four hundred v c rs that they bought with the anyway let's go to a poppin o hello hey don't know great yeah i got a call yesterday from a nice lady she says we're doing a survey what radio station you're listening to who is she with uh i said lld and she said do you know raxi crazy oh you got are they still doing that crap he said plus no elevator music at any time mm-hmm and i said lld and she said would you listen to raxi if we paid you 250 250 cash and you said how about five thousand i said lld and she hung up on me yeah tell her to put rick shani elevator and just press the button to the top yeah i got it i forgot it yeah i forgot it yeah i got it this is bothering me i roll with a punch is she or i don't let any of these things bother me that was an llllll local nightclub the other night about eleven thirty and night and somebody walked up next to me at the bar and it was our buddy Joey mm-hmm and here at night's looking uh 25 you know that i'm i want to study rumors but you know i admit i don't know i got news for a send a guy i know this good i doctor send a young guy to the uh immediately over there okay yeah he said uh because i know Joey we don't have any money you know you're at the age one now weekday do you what uh as he really doing that yeah he said call up me on time's fire report i'm on i od said today and he said tell him i'm the age one weekday he was mumbling something about that the day he was in here but i was just trying to get him out anyway he said everybody's amateur's down here that's right yeah i got like a big time like buffalo okay after i got a call good luck to you could be a mickman okay look at that couple of people in day drop-off already what is it is there something going on that we don't know about is there like kia yo-cho festival part three going on today the hell is going on in date county last couple of days pretty interesting seven five one nine four six three they must be out there collecting the rubber rabs down at the bay that must be the big pastime today got a new influx voters in day county mm mm mm mm mm mm mm. of course there's no cc you can't stop beating it you know i didn't even want this but it's delicious Paul thanks all i want it was the orange juice okay see that's what happens to all these uh people are wonderful folks all the sponsors they're great but they force feed you when you say like not such big portions and not so much and is still I come in and then a stick in front of your face and yesterday I was supposed to meet somebody for lunch And I went to one place and he went to the other one so we never met which is probably just as well But the bottom line is fat rich comes in here with a taco bell now he sticks in front of my nose I have no willpower. I can't resist. I love taco bell a double beef burrito no less You think I could resist that no way Jose no chance So I'm not gonna blame other people for my gluttony, but I just I wish they cut the crap already Here's a facts from somebody who's then I can ever read this name Well, I know what I wanted to ask is there anybody I'm not talking about like way up in Palm Beach County, but is there anybody in data-brower whose cable company still gives him WGN? No trucks as no you know, I think you're wrong I think there's somewhere like in lighthouse pointer or some small cable companies one or two that might still have it Because I'm thinking about moving again I really am I know I've only been there two weeks, but I know I'm gonna have to take that satellite dish down Keep this game Oh man, it would be great. I could live over there with all those go in that would be great I could live over by Virginia Beach and just to get my binoculars out and see what's going on over there See all those people getting busted on the beach that would be a thighting wouldn't that yes Anyway, I noticed Alex moved into the grow boy. He's gonna be sorry any man. They'll be floating all over his his complex It's 10 to 45 see it's amazing when people come into town from out of town They have all these misconceptions desperately miss like he was talking about the grove is little like the village and Little like Something else I forget what I want to grow we just to make believe it's plastic and phony even though we are gonna be there tomorrow And we love all of our friends in the grove, but it's not what it's supposed to be what is that? Oh, that's the cable thing. Thank you so much. Well, let's see Let's see a CS, but how do I know where these are? Oh, oh somebody will call in tell us No, it does it has it up here cable vision to Florida CFL. I thought that was a staged in Chicago. WCFL CFL or where the hell is it? WGM come on it. Oh, here it is. Yeah CFL and CST there are two cable companies. It's still have it cable vision of Florida Which is where? Wow, how come it isn't listed here? How come it doesn't say where they are? Somebody will call it and tell us and see as t cable satellite associates which is in Miami That might be the one that's on kibis game. Okay, some nice folks some desperate folks will call it and tell us I'm sure Boint and beach. Yeah, I want to start a room and I hear God's damn weekend starting an out-of-day next week God yeah, yeah So I want him to run, but there is one problem. I hear he's Jewish and a lot of people don't like that Sir Up yours more on We have an open line two of Mendeik County 75 see what I mean about the caller 7519463 now I know why Alex don't take a lot of calls a dish advice from Papino I knew yeah, I got to play sweet and move DFL beach Nile is fit out here. I want to live with people our lives sir not in a muscle Liam I put my dish up. I get everything that we need to get and no half of about the dishes quiet people leave your What do you mean no hassles about it? Why is that because they don't know about it? I guess you're a dress from the city. I got a nice little permit I'm not going through any more permits. I'm not screwing around with these cities. Okay. I've got this umbrella dish Nobody can even see it. It's a beautiful patio umbrella I've got a couple of neighbors. I hope that God sends a bullf of lightning into their living room and that poison frogs come running in and Puk'al over there sopo, okay I'm curious I hope there's just a big pool of Frog poison all over their living room and they have to do a little cuz that's key to step around it. Okay, forever forever I'm gonna stay in that house just out of spite. I'm gonna sneak out of my room into the backyard and make gutter Roll noises at three in the morning so to wake up my dog so they start barking at the top of their lungs Let me tell you about my neighbors who complained about my dish They have a dog that doesn't bark in holes Coffee house and I'm gonna tell you as much as I love dog looked at it and it's just the right size of my microwave Yeah, screw them man Oh Call out robes Yeah, what if you'll just a place for you to know how to help. Okay. I'll put the dish up there. I'll just stay in a house There you go. You don't have to run a long court. That's okay. All right, see you stay well Sounds like a guy who had his court tied in dear field. It's 1048 at Wiod we have it opening in date. What in Broward? Try to motivate these people out there today boy. I can see all week long. It's gonna be like this I just have a premonition and All those cackling if you come in a studio in the afternoon and I hope we do have a nice lively studio on his Bralex every day Don't make an ass out of yourself. Okay, stop with a cackling in the chuckling. It's embarrassing Every little word everything that's I mean give it a rest. I mean wait till a funny stuff comes like about two weeks. It'll be great It's 1049 at Wiod we look at that phone man. Look at that just psychotic Wiod Hi, I'm Raspian Neil. Sure hold on, please Wiod Sure hold on How come when I answer him? No problem, Melvin. No problem. Look at that. We got seven lines everything but Palm Beach You just it's just beyond your grass Melvin. Let's face it. It's just a little bit too difficult for you to handle I'm gonna go back and start doing like I did last couple of days I'm just when I ring I'm gonna no matter what we're the even if it's somebody important like Paul Harvey Jr We'll put him on hold and just get those lines. That's the important thing here. We'll look at this Palm Beach That was good Wiod Okay line checker come on league do some show prep. We're your baby showing badly Good little show prep call up Stephen he arcs he would eat it today Besides die Palm Beach Moe go and I got absolutely nothing to say Neil, but have a nice day. Okay. Thank you sir Good one See just leave it to me. I'll take care of these Palm Beach Neil. Yeah I was reading the other bond come on. It's so we got a break coming up here Don't come for your ride like you don't know what's going on get whether you got something important to say Thank you 11 what you've created Really yeah, all right doesn't surprise me another one of Steve's winners me neither yeah With that mouse meet fondue man. It was fantastic. What's the original one over the weekend? It's great as always The where oh the pot The pot yeah, but you meant to the other part Here they like shot of me. Yeah, yeah, well, you know there are a lot of him and taters just like on their show You know people are rip off armiteria like Janet Cowan, but you know the original is always the best Okay, have a great life. Thank you all needed okay 10 51 a W. I would be as we search for W. G. N I mean I know that channel 7's given us 20 or 25 or 29 weekend game, but that's not enough I mean I you know you can't go from 140 games or 150 like I saw last year to 25 and be satisfied Okay Especially when Mike Balekki and Greg Maddox are pitching I have to see every pitch Okay, let's do a little break Melvin. Let's cut the crap on that what we did it all Oh, you did it all in that one break. Well excuse me isn't this fun now? We don't have to interrupt with all those stupid promos W. I OD The only station that is 92nd promos. I've never heard of it We do like two quarters of play by play and in one promo. It's amazing. Yes, sir Yes Speak Didn't he just say I want to speak to Neil or my hallucinating Hello Okay, let's put him on hold. Okay. I guess he's not prepared Coral spring. Hello Coral springs. I was on a vocal line. You should have known better. Boca. Have a scale but telling you Dear field Dear field. Hello, yes, sir. I just want to tell you I live in Pompano Beach which is unincorporated browage. It's less to pompano Beach. Yeah. I got a satellite dish on a 20 foot pool and nobody bothers me But you're unincorporated, right? Right. I didn't need any permit to put it up good I just where I'm going. I'll be there tomorrow. I'm living a homeowner of the association I told him to stick it in area when they told me I could go down to stick it. That's the spirit I like I got a question for you. Yeah. Why is it that the CBS? They they scrambled a single girl bunch of bastards sir. Is that right? That's right And you know ladies one of the ladies scrambled most of them like on T T 115 was the did you watch the feed from the Super Bowl the other day? No, I just watched it on the regular Oh, you got a dish and you didn't watch the original feed on T 115. It's clear as a bell No, I watched it on regular TV. Well, now you'll know I want to tell you one other thing What's a lead you must have a lot of good stuff Brett Mouse Burger had his finger up his nose all the way to his brain It was great. Hey, I loved him in between Thank you. What's Boca cable vision gets WGN by the way? Do they? Yep Where did my watch is the top yet he lives in uh I'm open to Boca he lives like just Right around 441 in sandalflats. Okay, and they get they get WGN. Yeah, I can leave for work at about 630 in a morning Yeah, you know, I my boss is gonna clear it's picking me up in the plane my boss is a great hotkey fan By the way, he said to say that great. Hey, I can I call my boss leaves our hot So I call my boss a douchebag. Yeah, Dennis your douchebag. Okay. Okay. Take it easy nails. Yeah. Bye 1053 and Wio D Dave County. Hello. Hi, I have a take about to come Are you born? I want to say so about the cut. Okay. Hold on one second. Okay. Wio D. Oh Why hold on. Oh boy and oldie but goody. Wio D. Yeah, hold on. Yes. Okay I understand that weekday cup games are week night cup games some are going to be on channel 39 also Are you serious? Yeah, I spoke to someone at 39 and they said they cut a deal with the pick up the GN feed The way they picked up the WR feed like God So right not be as bad as everyone said right so you'll be able to get Cubs coming out of coming out of uh coming out of my uh something yeah, well listen, maybe then it won't be so bad, huh? Yeah, so now how do we fight out about that? I guess we'll have to call channel 39 or somebody From over there who knows something we'll call us. Yeah, maybe so we'll call him but Are you sure you're not confusing this with the channel 7th thing on Sunday? No, because I knew about this before I read the article in the Harold and Sunday. Oh, that'll be great. We got. Oh Two people and they don't pick up all of GN's feed just send everything down exactly. Why don't they get with it? Why don't these people stop Force feeding WTBS and Atlanta with those thinking graves that make you depressed and manic? Even if nothing else the movies on GN are always better than the movies on any other channel Yeah, yeah, GN's a great station. They do they do like weeks where they have like Alfred Hitchcock week or um Carrie Grant week Clint Eastwood week. They have great movies and they've got the The bulls and the black hawks I think and maybe not the black hawks but it got the bulls and they've got a lot of great stuff on there and They were not getting it because Ted Turner is basically running our lives. I'm sick and tired of Ted Turner running my life, okay? Colorizing my life What TNT isn't all that bad but TBS? Oh, oh, TNT is P. You like it? Once in one of this some good movies on a three in the morning that I put it into VCR and get it all old comedies or something But never watch anything on TBS except of course the graves yeah, yeah, and that's only for laughs I mean they got the raw they got skip Carrie we want Harry Carrie right? Exactly. I got the wrong Carrie Okay, thanks for the info. Okay. That's well. That's promising, huh? Maybe today if nothing else we can get that all straightened out and I can figure out what to do with my life because I love my new house Man, it's it's just perfect. It's brand new Got a nice yard that the dogs can go out and do lots of business in and Got a lick a little Marcy knows he's been snooping around my house. I she better call in today too, by the way Marcy who lives in my complex who called yesterday. I want to I don't know I must have been pretty slow I must have been in the middle middle of eating that double beef burrito when she called because I don't know how I missed out How does she know if she lives in the other part of the complex that somebody was snooping around in my driveway Look at inside a Ferrari how does she know that on like she's right behind him snooping around herself Marcy What the hell is going on there during the daytime? I'm gonna hire a Are you super spy to snoop around there and see what the hell is going on the daytime? They're probably having like lunch in my house and little parties in a backyard. I wouldn't be surprised Is people behind me that complain about the dish doesn't somebody in a family work? I mean this was going on in the middle of the daytime See if figure you get it installed the daytime nobody's home the neighbors don't see it If the umbrella covers it up nobody knows not my luck They're both home the husband and the wife and they're Braddy little kid. They're all home and they're looking out the window All the sense what's that? What do you know what are they doing? Is he ready or is he buying that's another thing boy if you go into a Non-rental complex We're almost everybody owns and you're a renter you rent one of the units from an owner Man you were like the scum of the earth down here. May you're like you're an outcast you're a slime ball He's our renter. He's one of those and he amazing part of it is those of us who read probably take better care because we got a big security Deposit that we'd like to get back at the end of the least, but hey don't confuse them with the fact see always our renter They got more excuses to hate people down here. It's incredible Oh look at that barker man. He's got I bet you he's got a llama wig on That's the only thing I've ever seen that was that same white color just like his puppy It's not just regular white here. It's puppy. I think it's llama hair Bob Wouldn't that be something what a scandal that would be if it turned out he had a wig and it was made from some kind of animal product It's he a vegetarian by the way No Does anybody know his Bob Barker a vegetarian See I don't I doubt it he probably isn't it so in other words okay to eat it just don't wear it That's a bottom line don't wear it Bob I think you're a hypocrite you're a wonderful guy. It's a great show but stop trying to be mr. Activist okay you bore me to death Okay 1058 a W I O D a married with children spy report. Yeah, how you doing great How you gonna talk about the show but you took too long maybe tomorrow when I call you back Good policy you got a great sense of humor and with a brain like yours you'll probably wind up living in deer field Okay, be a perfect there'll be a match made in heaven Anyway, we have an open line in dicked county 751 W I O D well it sort of looks like I had a key fit I'm doing Well I said it's been a hell of an hour it's been a lot of fun being here I got to get ready go home and do some show prep for the big remote tomorrow Anyway Henry's doing the news well that's pretty damn exciting okay Any morning that Henry is still standing erect at this hour well standing anyway That's quite an accomplishment in his case Henry's got the big Wild newscast will be back in 1105 and speaking of erect Alex Bennett with Richard Thimmons the fact to know and People from WLR and Bob Slade and Prepubescent adolescent Pipple heads from WKP exit Piper High will be here to talk new music and music radio and It's really happened in man to saffton O and from two to six Problem and he's trying to solve it on a tacky low budget TV show he is a certified idiot This is the defendant he's managed to keep his case out of a real court for years But today he'll be embarrassed in front of millions of viewers he's a complete moron Today it's another case of moron versus idiot on the stupid people's court You people is delicate We got a killer half hour to the news So remember if you've got a real legal problem take it into your own hands because anything's better than Must-you-fit people's court I'm a cup man I know but man, and I trust you are true. I like the way that ended there. It's 1107 a Wild D our number two on a very traumatic Tuesday We have a facts from the fan of informer who says that the rumors concerning GTR Supposed format switch have been initiated by Bob rich at she who allegedly is grinding an extra large acts for Cox broadcasting Also, it says state tuned on Monday morning for the rose folder show on Zeta Shocking The rose folder show and when a Tim William show starts And the Rick Edward show Yeah, that would be a good way to cut down her expenses because they're probably the revenue is probably like next to nothing at this point So they're just gonna cut back cut back cut back cut it down And they just put all the people in a building on the air Maybe Spencer can get a show over there on a weekend two upper lines are both in brown the audience has been Absolutely insufferable today. We got just dozens of important things going on. They couldn't give a damn less We have one open line in date to in brown 751 Wild D in date and five two four Wild D in brown Wild D hello Yeah, Neil hold on Wild D Sure hold on yes, I Neil yeah, I heard you cut down your field earlier. Yeah, I'm looking dear for all my lives Not so bad yeah Well you're under a hundred so you must be one of the minorities there, right? What the I live on a second Wild D hello I don't know hold on what The other way on the east side of federal highway and took a little better over there. Yeah, well just stay on the east side of the tracks Bell yeah, because if you go on the west side and you run to a cemetery village out there. Yeah, that's it Well the end to the you got it and all the little down. I'm going to play Sunny get out of my way hold on Wild D hello. Yes, I think it can help you hold on what they go That's my fucking buddy I like this new format we don't talk to anybody we just put them on hold yeah Well, that's where it goes it is that's a way to do a well-lesson congratulations sure you're keeping dear field on the map Okay, but like good luck to you Hollis again next year. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale hello I knew keep up your own hold sure Okay, let's go to a travel and mad who heard his name mentioned earlier and immediately had to get in his three or four cents How you doing Neil hold on a second Wild D hello Hold on yes How do you want Matt? Well, I first of all I think you just get mad and screaming hang up on me anyway without hearing me out Why you don't call this show? Well, I'm also sorry that I am a bill called or lesser and I know you don't have to be Sorry to be a listener. There's a difference between being a listener and becoming a chronic character like granny Every morning at the same time. Well I'm here in a day but during the last two weeks I've exactly called Mr. Call there's show what Yeah, but for a while or you and what was that more on his name that Michael my buddy yeah Yeah, that's all I heard every single day well and You search for you and about something after the fact that it makes no sense You just know I never said it was supposed to make any sense. It what a pissed you off? It came off Well, that's you know you can say it on you can't say it on Q.A.M. but you said over here Yeah, I've been listening we say anything here so we just got our lives renewed what I've been listening to the bill mainly for The very first day and it's excellent because of you and you know people He was the a lot you know courted and you got to find something bad in it and Paramopping you asked and everything that's how I like that. That's right. That's me. I'm just a bad guy Oh, we meal. Yeah I don't understand. It's not a little psychotic mad. You saw you don't sound like the old Jovial chipper traveling mad Oh, I'm a little bit. I'm glad. Well good. That's the idea. It's about timely shook some of you people up a little bit Just a back and they're quite about all these things. I'm out of tune just in different to where the rest of mankind is about time We shook you up a little We don't have any good on credit. Yeah, well, he's not in a position to be ripping this show, okay? Are you gonna be all right? Yeah, I'm making two to date no thanks to you. How about tomorrow? That's in the story. Okay, if I talk to Bill Call it tomorrow bug between nine and 12. Call it between nine and 10 Why you swaning it. You listen in yeah. All right. I will okay. Bye. Bye Very upset. We have an open line in Broward where travel and matches solved off at 524 9463 524 Wiod 1 and date at 751. This is just like Monday all over again Wiod My checker. Okay Date County. Hello, okay line checker and a hang up mark that down Melvin line checker and a hang up Let's let's do that a K P X There ain't no K E X Melvin even a calls he does answer he gets it all all screwed up on a monitor Mobile and four lottery. Oh, he's I've been holding forever Well, that's because we figured you weren't there on a bokeh line. Yeah. Why but I told you see I said I said let me hold I just can I don't dump me. I got it. I got to say something here just relax don't be so insecure now like travel and mad just relax No problem. I have to say something. I think this show If he loves disgusting Despicable show and he United States of America, but you know what? I love it. Right. I love the show That's why you love it. That's why I love it. It's a great show. You're doing a good job, Neil That's it. Okay, I have to say and Martin's a douchebag Well, you're 100 no nine isn't there anybody was perfect, but you got it all corner today You think I did all right? Yeah, you did okay. Okay. Well, I I won't call you again to like tomorrow with Two o'clock call me a two tomorrow. Call you two. Yeah. Okay. See you. Okay. It's 11 15 and Wild. D. Hello Hey, don't you Neil hold on wait a minute. Are you mobile? Yeah hold on just second Okay, we have a couple of open lines in date 7519463 751 Wild. Hello. Neil. Yeah How you done it is a mobile call him Toppo B okay. You're the last mobile because I got to get that KPX listener on I want to hear about all that pseudo intellectual music that those Pimple face kids up there at Piper play. Oh, yeah. I mean that you know every every old guy who comes in a town From Stan right on down to list they all want to be like Mr 13 year old. Okay. I all want to be Mr. HIP with our Elvis Costello and all these other pseudo intellectual pinhead groups. Yeah, go ahead. I'm sorry Well, other than Mike Reneary, I think they should all go back That's what I think too. Yeah, I got smashing the room. I won this morning really In the car or like to my supermarkets In my car. Yeah, I'm damn upset about how people from Cleveland are got a problem okay. They're not used to driving on dry pavement That's what it is and I have to clean them browns or two. Yeah, well, he's stuck Bernie Cosa makes me nauseous So here is a piece of anybody that plays side-saddle is suspect in my book. Okay Okay, have a great life. Oh, don't do it again. W-I-O-D Hello, yeah Okay, all right, let's get to that important call now on eight. Okay now Melvin screwed up here. I said K-E-X Well, I know I'm the one that said K-P-X Yeah, what is K-E-X? K-E-X. It's a cart you just played at the top of the the top of the hour Or the 90 K-E-X. Where's that? Portland. Oh, geez. Well, who cares about that? I mean, that's not important That just happens to be on the album. Here's the plant lady how you doing She just comes in very quietly. She's gonna put something poison on our plants Oh, no, well, so let me ask you a question. What does that mean? Why do we care about that? Well, you shouldn't care about it I don't and probably none of your list we don't you know this audience today I'm gonna take just like Monday all over again. I got four stinking calls on the board these people are Just they're absolutely insufferable and plus we never got any call about WGN on the on the cable I'm keep a scan or where the hell it is those two cable companies their hopeless sir Yeah, they're out to lunch this town is just every day is like a brand new day It's you become manic in this town. You never know what to expect but in every little Every little show that you do this always something exciting. Yeah, right? Yeah, so I always something I look forward to yeah Well clock I just I just thought hey that was blown away if like I can get a tape of that and it like my Amir radio station no chance no chance no how about if I want to go back to Portland if I could pick up a whole bunch of jingles for you Oh great we love those jingles. Yeah, yeah, we could do a jingles show on a weekend We'd have blind Mike have his own show. Maybe that would keep them off the phone and maybe that would keep Joey off the air come on now. I'm sorry mistake. I've did do Harry show Saturday No, I didn't hear show all in already you want to get him off the earth. I heard that it wasn't that bad It wasn't that bad. That's what his wife told me Yeah, she was listening to something and you got super Dave and blind Mike I heard all about a super Dave I didn't you hear him this might hurt and what the hell is his story? Whoever gave him a job on the air Oh, I can man just this kid is like Mr. Little radio expert I hate those kind of people those little Experts and they talk about all the jingles and the ratings and all out then they don't know anything They haven't got any idea what they're talking about Yeah, but that's what this shows all though And then when he said I was number three in the country be behind Joey Reynolds and Johnny Darth That really took me off Oh my god, but yeah, well now we're ripping people off the air. Hey listen you can rip any but that's what this is all about sir We got our license renewed you can rip anybody you want. Okay. I like no. Yes, please don't do it Please let me do it. Are you guys slander somebody now sir? So we have to line up a litigation and go into court And have a lot of grief and agony. No like that here this guy has to come into it Well, don't mention him by name just give me his initials like BS You want to recognize a firm is initial. He's listening to who rich grind is a douche bag. Well, that's okay. Actually it's rich gun junior Rich junior. He has a he has a dad actually name Richard Well, that's great. Yeah, your name was grunt you'd want to be junior, too. Okay. What's your name? Oh, I'm grunt junior. Oh What a great name, huh? What a great phone call. What a great call. Yeah, what a great life Get lost 20 after 11 at W. I did I sound a little hurt. Do I sound a little testy this morning? No, that's good I was afraid I did but I it's okay We have one open line in date County and they're not they couldn't care anything about like I said I see I said I'm up for it. I said you don't want to hear about the satellite dishing in the city of plantation and About the cubs in about getting because they don't want to hear they're not interested in any of my problems They've heard it all a million times in her second tattoo hearing about it They'd rather hear about traveling mat and how a psychotic and insecure he is because his feelings have been wounded Because he's chronic I'm not gonna sit here and decide who can call. I mean, I can't even control who calls this show much less the other shows in town I'm just extending my opinion. Okay. I'm just exercising my right my constitutional right like that old fart that called Alex on Saturday I want to express my constitutional right you got to let me see what I want There's nothing in a constitution about calling talk shows. Okay, sir. I'm very sorry But it's not in there. We'll talk to whoever the hell we want and he'll like it Like I said it's your friendly station 21 past 11. It's your neighbor Lee station and soft lord. I would just like your neighbors hostile and the vindictive Anyway, I want to thank Paul at Biggles in company 110th in Biscayne for the delicious breakfast this morning very much unexpected Don't do it again I'll see I asked for the orange juice which by the way is everything he said it would be It's got the pain. This is Joe Willie name it and this is W-I-O-D the music giant from Miami Hey, that's not bad Pretty damn exciting. I wonder what this one is Hi, this is Dean Martin. This is Tony Bennett. Hi there. My name is Sammy Davis Junior. Hi. This is Frank Sinatra To this place right on the cause where you can't mess it now Frank says it's the place I think it's absolutely marvelous you heard Frank said just listen to service 610 W-I-O-D the sound of the majority Tony has said it too. Choose a number one by the adults majority of Miami. I think it's the greatest winters radio station in Miami So there's six 10 this leaves a dial right there Yeah, all right What at life student audience would have gone nuts over there wouldn't they it'd be squealing 25 past 11 and W-I-O-D Dayland mall Yeah, I speak to Glenn Hill. Yeah What do you want? What a game. What a game. You see that super boh, huh? Yeah Well, would you think about the first five minutes? 25 after 11 at W-I-O-D we have an opening in day 751 9463 go shopping dinners Sure, they need your money. Don't waste our time And we also have an opening in Palm Beach if you're out of Palm Beach to good way to get on immediately Okay 655 W-I-O-D Let's get some new fresh voices on today like Ellis Ruben Let's go to a North Miami Beach, hello, man. This is exciting. Yeah Wow, speaking to my second favorite talk show host in the world right next to Rod Roddy Well, I revere the burq, you know that but this is a true story I took a bus to Kalamazoo Michigan one time. Oh, well, you should have got off. Let's go to Hallendale. Hello, I don't want to down that was more like it. I was just starting to say I don't want to hear your boring personal stories. Okay. The audience is not interested They don't even want to hear about my satellite dish They've heard about it 50,000 times and you're calling it tell me you've got on a bus to Kalamazoo not interested sir We're gonna be more selective. That's one thing that I have to apologize for I've let a lot of boring people over the years go on much too long. Okay, much too long Yeah, have some of those whatever's in there. Okay get it out of here because it's just too much and I got a headache already I told I told Tom Denver I can't there's certain things that I can't eat They give me a headache. I'm allergic to the gluten or something that they put in certain things I told him that and he just won't stop. He just won't shut the faucet off. Okay So I'm gonna shut his faucet off pretty soon if he doesn't cut the crap. Oh, I see. I'm not gonna read that Here's a Oh Booker call and actually relates to something we've been talking about. I hope it's still there. Hello Neil. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. I got a listing of all the table companies in Palm Beach Mm-hmm and there only two. Well, I'm not going to Palm Beach. You think I'm moving to Palm Beach? Oh, get out. It's lovely out here. Everyone who has a station is the station is in Miami As it is I have a 45-minute drive to work every morning and it's the drive is getting worse every day because of the Construction. It's like a nightmare. It's a great-town day. It's no big deal. Yeah Listen, I drive around all day living pizza and Everywhere I go Neil Rogers, something Neil Rogers. Yeah, well, they don't call. I'll tell you that. They don't want to speak to us They just want to listen. They don't want to play the game. You know, you can't take a compliment You want so good you just don't you don't realize it do you? I know how good I am. Sir, I'm the best the greatest And if I had a brain I wouldn't be sitting here and is unfriendly God forsaken town where your neighbors just want to make your life as miserable as they can They're focused if stops they won't they look down and yeah, boy if I got our friendly complex I just moved into man you'd even if you drive into the place they look at you like you're an ax murder or something You make a take a book Tell Coleman to bug off. Okay tell Coleman to quit with these stupid to tell him no That sales department man. They take more years off of our lives and you love it You wouldn't know I don't know I don't love it. I can't stand some of those people back there. They're just morons Well, we can't ask you the same question over and over in a pest to you and Nujee when Father you just go out and sell a show Coleman and stop bugging me Okay, well be there this afternoon Coleman go down there and wait Don't hold your breath. That's a good idea sir. You're really great That's right that's it Things are not going well at the tree have a great day Okay What a joy, huh? God they have a good aim or clue what's going on in this place 29 past 11 at Wiod we have an opening in Broward five two four And the Boca and Palm Beach nothing very very very surprising Tuesday man you people already Yeah, you know, it's one thing guy calls up and he says everywhere I go Everywhere I go they're listening they got it on they're laughing they're puking there But boy we pump these numbers and pump these numbers we can't just eat stinking lines I'm telling if we had a hundred lines they should never be unlit any of them That's what a great service we're doing for this community and you people don't you don't care You just don't care you take things for granted and then what do you wake up and all of a sudden Paul Isle is back Oh, I wonder what happened at that fat guy that you know he was kind of amusing Boca what what what now what the how was that were you on with him? Well, he panicked are you there Boca yes, he that was a crank and as soon as I came on boy, he just left out like a bad out of hell Who the hell are you kidding sir? You may fool Melvin for a second or two, but you're not gonna pull the wool over this guy Wiod hello Boca yes, see if you would answer and he was speaking different they come on here Made some kind of grotesque sound Wiod Yeah, what about Harvey from Kendall there's a real Chronic Harvey of Kendall or Harvey from Kendall of the one whose voice sort of crap. Yeah, I know I know Harvey from Kendall He's been calling John Moynihan sport. Oh, he's got to have somewhere. He's got to have an outlet for his chronicness somewhere He's sucked up to Joe Rose last night. Oh, he's he is oh by the way. I don't want to start ripping gym Manage, but boy, did you hear the crap he was coming out with last night on sports talk? Man, I'm telling you I have met some guys who are full of it. I think too many showers with the guys I think it's affected his mind. He was ripping a crap out of L.A. and out of the Broncos and how they didn't even show up and they didn't compete You know, I tell you to accept it You know something if the dolphins would have played the game and it would have been 99 to 3 instead of 55 to 10 He would have said well any other team in the league would have done the same in the AFC because the San Francisco just dominates They're awesome, you know, but but because it was Denver he ripped them up on side down the other he ripped L way What the hell does he want? I don't know the 49ers of the class that lead why doesn't he give him some credit? That's exactly true and he was pseudo intellectualizing at all as other crap audits you just tell like it is and stop it gym Why don't you cut the crap? Yeah, he's a good guy. I like managed Anybody who was 88 on his back anybody who went to Michigan can't be all good Well, that's that's pretty good. He went to Michigan. He's a Wolverine. Okay. Does that tell you why he's just going through this midlife crisis now? That's a lot plus working here at Wild with Zagaki man. It's had an effect on him. It's just he never be the same again insecure But the cubs that's what that's what the exciting thing about now you're talking about actually on 39 and on said how come we don't have any information on that What does you have why do we have Nick call up channel 39 and get some and he's not doing anything in there He's out of he's out of supplies so we can't be doing any deals today. Yeah, Nick wanted to do it. I looked in the room there. It's empty I'm telling you. Do you think I'm telling you how do you think that guy mate? He drives a brand new Porsche No, Nick Nick Yeah, he comes to work in a brand new Porsche with two chicks on his arm I never seen anything like it in my life. He lives in the the grove and his big $2,500 a month the Polatial house with a big hat and a feather exactly Like what can we do and the Porsche's yellow yellow port? Yeah, yeah, yeah, we call it the pimple bill Like Stanley Cohen's old civilian used to drive at INZ. You still have this big disgusting yellow civilian We used to call it the pimple bill. Which Stanley? Cohen and we talking about he used to be the manager at INZ before they fired his stupid ass Not the one who murdered that no, but I think there's a similarity there somewhere Well, listen have a wonderful day. You've been okay in our book. Okay, Grace. Yeah, and I see there's a call or he's He just kind of went with a flow now. What what's the story with 39 you're gonna have him call? I'd like to find out sometime between now and Pura. Okay. I would be really nice if we could do that We have an open line in Boca at 2789463 Wild Yeah, okay same do you see that's that same jerk who keeps thinking you're gonna don't answer the Boca line Melvin at all I'll answer it every time Wild Yeah, yeah But my buddies told me you didn't get the dictate Get what the dictate if you're gonna bring in that pig said home the dick pertent tapes You're don't try to pull that kind of language on me now Not having a good day. So far. I'm having a great day I'm having more fun today than I've had in years This is the kind of show I enjoyed doing Good start now 26 till noon at Wild We have an opening in Boca don't answer it remember what I said do not answer it Wild Leo. Hi For I want a day Monday was Was it it was a horrible day for what oh for me? What what happened my husband end up going into the hospital with what? He got into a constant accident Yeah, he's gonna be fine, but in my girlfriend was a good day too Is gonna be fine? He's gonna be fine. Oh My girlfriend also gave birth to her baby yesterday. Wow. Oh, oh Frommatic. I wanted to turn that. There isn't any connection between your husband's accident and the girlfriend's baby is there I don't think I want to get too personal but they're be kind of interesting I don't think so well. I don't have to stuff our audience can sink their teeth into Come out from a glass. I just wanted to say that you kept me saying yesterday and I appreciate We had a pretty good show for Monday. It was pretty good. Yeah, it was okay. It kept me saying everything going off the deep end and I appreciate it Great So have a great day you too. I it'll get better Bye, it's 1135 at Wild. Do Boca and Palm Beach Nothing Wait now. What are we gonna do we gonna take one more break? One more. Okay. Well, let's pull it off Let's do like break his interruptus Boca two more Boca Yeah Hold on hold on. Okay. Let's do it now. Well. I thought it was only one more so if you're on that gentleman it's on hold are you there? Okay, no feel bad, but I just the melvin screwed me up. I know you love me No, well, I won't go back far you're too old. Okay. It's 25 till noon at Wild will be right back This is Joe Willie name it and this is Wild The music giant from Miami Where we play the best music It's 23 till noon and let's go back to Boca because I promised right? You promised right. I just called W WDCL great. Well, we can't get Nick to do it. So I'm glad you do It's gonna be four or five weeks before they make a decision Oh At least they've had five or six calls already. Oh, listen don't let everybody call channel is a 39 39 you want to phone number please Please nine two five three nine three nine nine Wait a minute. I wish I had a pen at right nine two five three nine three nine three nine. Well, that's clever. Uh WDCL Great we get all a cup spans to call and beg be nice call and plead and beg with them and say we'll go We'll watch 39 all day even if we don't mean it Well, Melvin says it's nine four nine thirty nine hundred is that a brown number you gave me? I gave you a call he would number all right nine four nine thirty nine hundred and date And nine two five thirty nine three nine nine in the brown. Thank you. You're great American sir Why did I put him on a hold this second who's that on a bat line is that an order oh that's an order a little personal call there for Melvin Wild Okay hold on um Okay call up channel 39 please bomb bar them day. You Jim tell them that we will send them Free food. I mean anything if they'll put the cups on the more games the merrier please we're begging you I mean I will I'll just show for 39 until Until I just can't speak anymore if they'll give me the cups Because I know that the satellite is gonna be history like this week probably like any day It's gonna be uh because I'm I'm sick and tired of it. I'm fed up with it I'm tired of fighting city hall. I'm tired of fighting homeowners associations and Rotten filthy stupid nasty neighbors. I'm sick of it 925 39 39 and browned 949 39 hundred and date Like I said be real nice be gentle be kind big and plead and say Anything that they want to hear Lyleot if that's what it takes to get the cups. Okay, please Okay, let's go to a mobile in Miami. Are you still there? No, yeah. How you doing first time call it a long time Let's fabulous. Sir thank god for you In uh adventurary I live in the bay club and they have WGN on the cable system in there In adventurary? Yeah, it's called the sunshine television cable Uh huh and uh I don't think I'd spit in an adventurary do you? Well, it's a country where you aren't adventurary Yeah, most of the time you got the a has there oh But in the area where I live it's called the bay club. It's a mostly people in the bay club the bay the bay club Yeah, why And they have the cable there and have WGN Well, what is it? It's apartments. Yeah, department rentals It's a brand new building about a year old You don't really have the blue hairs in there. Oh dogs, huh? No dogs. Good. Now give me a good excuse Okay, thanks a lot. You're welcome. Okay the bay club In adventurary I'd be great at adventurary. I could go to the uh adventurary mall all the time and hang out Much all those funny. They got the ugliest people in them all even the young people at adventurary are ugly I don't know what that's all about Remember we talked about that like a year or two ago. Maybe they've got a new crowd man Did they still have that place the a salad place the seasons? Were you by the salad by the pound? It's real expensive, but it's good And you go through the line and then you watch all the old people bitch when it get to the check I thought that'll be a $10.50 That's not a vizmer I can't afford that My CD is rolling over like my husband W-I-O-D hello yeah, yeah, you're not screening calls what do you mean? I thought I'd get well Melvin's on a fall with channel 39. He's trying to be a little productive today Which is unusual for him, but he's trying to get some information well this will keep this game And the kebabs here is a delfio. Yeah, and there's no gn no w Oh, so they give me a bunch of crap. Well, thank god for that because I don't want to live with all goyem You know, I'd like to have at least one or two Jews around just to make me feel safe Well, they don't speak at the English out here too much. No What the plus side here is sounding corporate But you can put a dish up if you get a house The kebabs game is unincorporated date. Yes. Yes. Are you serious? I'm serious as I- Well, that would be close to work too, wouldn't it? Yeah, it would be close to work, but like I say it's not too heavy on the English out here. I don't care about that But you know, the kebabs love me, man, or they love me From a distance from a distance On the commilis how could you are you gonna total that up at the end of the month or what? 74,200 dollars as of this sitting is that right? That's right. Yeah, wonderful. I mean that may leave a few cents off, but that's that's it Right Pertentef somebody send you a tape from our up let's say it's a cassette that he puts out for children's hospital It's similar to what we do only. It's much more professionally done with his picture and oh, you know, I shouldn't say that But yeah, it's got some hysterical seven. I left it home. I'll bring it into Maro. I promise I'll be great. That'll be great. Got some funny stuff on Erital kill some go. Oh no, I can't do it tomorrow tomorrow's the remote Thursday Your spectremote there at on this game and what's that? 160 or where was that? 120 fifth and It was I had a top time trying you know even looking down and trying to see anybody inside there is like everybody there Was packed well really be packed to Marcos. We're got the food. Monty's is giving food to the first 300 people So you know every snorer in the world is gonna be there tomorrow How about setting up some kind of stage where you're kind of like elephant? No, I like being low Really yeah, way down in fact with the with the false floor in air so you can press a button and get out real quick Great, right yeah, it'll be okay. I hope I can find it It's really easy to find it's you've ever been down coconut grow does doesn't nick live in the girl Yeah, in that $400,000 house I get lost in a girl, but fat rich said you go down dixie the 17th Ave and you make a left Right, and you just go to the then good take that down to base sure and then make a right on day sure all right on base sure I said go straight and I thought that was a little unusual in the girl Have a great day. Thank you. Okay, it's $143 a W ID here's the estate poop now channel 7 will be doing the cubs Sunday games 20 to 29 games 39 will not what They're negotiating with other companies for other Teams they're not doing the cubs well like I said channel 39. I think you people suck Okay, is that definite? So said don't waste your phone calls okay. It'll be just a lot of waste of effort and you don't want to waste the time Channel 39 makes me sick Why can't we just get g in on the cable? I mean I know we can't even get sports channel on the cable Why can't we get W g in a gear rate of TBS okay God, I don't I don't want Ted Turner running my life. I want to see the god damn cubs, okay? And I guarantee there are a hell of a lot more people even people who don't like the cubs And rather see the cubs games than see the stinking braves the morbid horrendous boring tragic pathetic braves Well, that's really exciting when it gets down to but oh look at that there's a but whole bunch of satellite dishes on there What is that about on channel 10 what is that Boy, I haven't this TV said here freaks me out Well, how about here we have the big satellite dish out there can't we get g in Why not why not Set up the TV in the conference room and I can watch the afternoon games in here and go home and rush our traffic at about 530 that would be great Or I could tape him I could pop a tape in the thing there I don't but that's no good I don't want to watch a game after I know what the score is the man that's boring is hell I would be better than nothing though People to see the highlights and skip through all the boring stuff when Riksutcliffe's pitching it's $1.45 in Wiod we have an opening in date county 7519463 What happened to our KPX callers? Nobody nobody listens to KPX don't believe when Stan comes on Don't believe when he tells you you know he listens to KPX he don't even know where it is on the dial, okay? He's it's just he's trying to be like like Alex you know these old guys like I said that want to be hip and in Hey man, we're doing we want to hear all at Mumbo jumbo KPX stuff that nobody ever heard of before Wiod I like to talk to Neil sure hold on please why can't everybody have good musical taste like me, okay? I mean like act your own age already okay? Stop trying to be Mr. hip Mr. happening Mr. in KPX That's where it's at Liz Welch Music for people with loose gums Oh I'm gonna have to stand up Roger when you quit putting stuff back where belongs Where is that? Okay ladies and gentlemen let's hear it for Liz Welch Oh Boy a lot of pressure here today a lot of pressure building up I can tell we're gonna have some oil of a day out there tomorrow It's specs 10 to 2 down in the grove and you'll see me driving around trying to a find my way down there It's 13 till noon at Wiod and we'll be right back Okay, it's 11. 50 10 till noon at Wiod So that that's my taste. I'm an old guy. Okay, that's I mean some of the stuff today I like not too much of it, but I'm not gonna come out and pretend that I'm Mr. hip and Mr. cool Because I'm not I'm an old guy and getting older every minute on this show Pompano I'm just want to call if you'll get the USA today either We sure do we have it right here? I'll just want to if you notice they have the I'll spread on the land. I'm gonna do a different team each day I think I have the cups on the fifth oh Yeah, yeah, I saw that you mean in the paper the other way the whole thing yeah Well, let's just hope these jerks don't go on strike that's all I can say I mean I know they're only making two three four million a year But they'll have to make do with it. You know we can't do any more form really Okay, I saw that one of you sure you wouldn't miss the cup sprints. I'm working for that's Monday. Yes. Thanks. Don't call me surely it's 1151 a WIO D we have an opening in Broward 524 9463 Let's bring back the Shirley Peter show ladies and gentlemen. Here we go Come on. Let's do that pivot it stuff I'd like to see Shirley on with old gold steam would that be gray boat? Oh, that would be cool If I so we could never fit him in the same studio that would be disgusting Now Shirley look good remember when she filled her with Steve that day So if you want to go she looked really good not not slim but she look good For Lauderdale hello Hello Neil yeah What's the problem with KPX what's the problem with it? Yeah, you know like the music? I never heard of any of that music And I don't ever want to hear it again, but it's not for me so it's not a problem because it's not for me It's for prepute isn't it's for little kids But at least it's different than everything you hear. Wow. That's right. That's right. So would so it lives well speed different from everything you hear you know Right, I don't know about that What did you go to pipe or hire something? No, I just listen to the station right? How old are you? How old are you think? 19 25 25 25 24 24 C yeah, you're pretty soon. It'll be 22 you have Alex Bennett syndrome. So you're getting younger by the minute Well, he don't even know it. KPS is though. Well, he will find out today We'll find out today and he'll be just salivating all over because he's into that to the remote That's all he talks about is there are mones and Elvis Costello and Luka's Stella and Bud Abbott and he's just heavy into that Which is fine, you know They have the best found in the view because pretty soon at the rate he's gone He's gonna be about 17. It'll be perfect It will keep the edges the best talent for DJ oh come on when you get serious They've got a bunch of people he faced little of a bratty kids over there at KPX. They're a bunch of little brats They're like super they're like the super day of of high school They haven't exist though enough so is like her and I'm a queen well who's the yeah, pros? Well, you're really getting carried away aren't you? I get paid you know, well, okay Sure, give it a chance. You okay 88.7 right five eight eighty what 88.5 was five like the median demographic The new music leader is that what they call themselves your new music leader. Yeah, that's cute. That's really cute A lot of clear and so commercial. Yeah, no doubt is that the kids Steve's still working over there the one with a crappy attitude I don't know They're and then they really tick me off when I was unzited. Do you remember it all or have your DJs made it to Z? Who's that? At nighttime lovers Who's that Tom Roberts was from KPX? He used to do Sunday morning Wow, everybody's been on Zaytaman and he must work for nothing I guess if Rose Folger's gonna be doing morning starting Monday. What is that tell you? Maybe you ought to apply for a job over there. You want to be a dish jocky? Call up Pete Bolder man if you work cheap, he'll put you on right now I do good at weddings. Do you? Well, that's good. Are you married? Well, how did you do it your own wedding? All right, you're all right, but uh we we we gunna honey moon though. Hi. That's what I heard we gunna honey moon Well, listen practice makes perfect. Have a great day Okay, see ya. Well, I like his refreshing honesty. Okay, sir. You were a breath of fresh air. How do you like that? Stick that in your pipe and tuted. It's six minutes till noon in WIO. I think somebody puts something in my OJ this morning. Okay I don't like all those initials. I get real nervous when you start with a lot of initials, you know Let's go to Miami. Hello Miami Get the burn. Okay Let's go to North Miami. Hello Hello Neil. Took him like about four seconds to come up with his ad lib. Yes. You know what's going on over there? That's a good question boy. If I ever come up with the answer to that I'll reveal it right here on the ear So what's the deal? They're not gonna share the cups on 30-nars? Nah, is the guy they were evidently negotiating and it didn't work out so now they're trying to find some other I'm some safety rate put on. Why is that? I think that's great because they showed the Yankees already Who the Hawatts is the Yankees? Yankees are the world's classes Jesus. Oh Yeah, what do you last look? Well, you must have the same thing in your orange use this morning that I had Hey look, what are you drinking that tropical gem? I'm drinking uh fresh from A tropical gem. It is tropical you're right. That's a name on a tropical No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Propical juice company no water no sugar no preservatives no nothing but it's delicious It's got that pulp in there. It's fresh clothes. I know that fresh clothes Better watch it. I know there's nothing like fresh clothes have a great day Sir, but and don't forget George Steinbretter still a douche bag. It's 11 and I don't care if Alan Finkelson doesn't like it He just can't stand the truth right Alan I'm going up there to pop at a one night this week just a bus to his chops About his douche bag buddy George Steinbretter. I'm so sick and tired of the Ted turners and George Steinbretters How come they don't have a little class like any de Bartolo from the 49ers okay? You see when they spilled the stuff on him and he said you You know and then he went whoops whoops that seems to be the new thing on TV now everybody's using four letter words And go oops whoops are we live is that the yeah They're all a let's face it you take away the white shirt and the time they're all like actual douche bag They're actual rose rod whatever his name is from McGuns and Rose. They're all a sand they're all bunch of slabs Let's go to a pepper pine. Hello. I want my stick away. Okay, we'll send it right over in a brown paper bag Let's go to coral spring. Hello. Hey, great call. It was good He could get out that Montevoni music from Kukusness Oh, yeah, it gets my bowels to move and let me tell you that's good. Hey, listen when you live in soft floor, do that's a plus I like Ben and fire for it. I was I wait and let hold on one second Let me get the cuz I actually found it right away, which is a miracle Left for the lady who called or who whatever that was and the previous call Okay, go ahead I was thinking now it's been its window and it was coming out of the bathroom and he had a whole crowd following me It's a studio audience no matter where he goes Interesting. I didn't part of your call all seem to fit in together I got a cure for your cups thing. Why don't you start your own TV station? Yeah, okay Channel the cups are get whatever you want on a panel 69. It's gonna be on here immediately if not sooner Gilligan's island. Yeah, we can cymbal cash WKPX and the Afternoon for all those little pimply face kids. It can't get it on their radios. Yeah, you get the new Brady show that's coming on Oh, I'm really really he's that Steve Brady Not the new Brady bunch really yeah, they're all old and ugly sure we don't want to see them anymore They were young enough. That's true. All right got to go have a great life This is Joe Willie name it and this is the the music giant from Miami Where we play the best it's all the time and we play them the way you like them Right Joe right Willie How'd you like that last play of the game Joe for he makes me nauseous man I'm telling you that seems to be the new prerequisite for doing color on the TV on any kind of sporting event Is that you have to have some kind of a speech quaggle like Bob Coosie Hey, oh, well, oh, well If you ever heard Coosie speak he can't speak at all He has the trouble with the letter R and the only problem is that almost now Boston Celtic I admit there are no R's in Boston Celtic I like to see him doing the new York angels the hands it he's got a thing man He's got the strangest speech quaggle that I've ever heard in my life and he's on something He's on something and they one of those channels that I and presently seeing but probably won't a couple of days But I know you don't care you don't give a damn what's gonna happen during baseball season when you miss all those exciting Reports the following day on the game will all be in the dark together as Johnny would say Debra Martinez who was in here suck it up some free breakfast earlier. Debra's got the new and Wiod news And then we'll come back at 1205 the Alex Benichill Richard Simmons Oh boy probably grabbed somebody around the neck and squeeze real tight and Bob's played from WLRN Super intellectual radio and then a bunch of pipply-faced kids from WKPX to teach us what real music is all about Now here's Neo Rogers on new start radio 610 Wiod This is Joe Millename and this is the Iod Music giant from my That that was not a talk up that was a clap-up ladies a gentleman a clap-up get out of here Don't I'm telling you the guys so sensitive they all they not I just want to go on record I don't know who originated it yesterday. It was a funny bit Melvin Melvin did it Melvin did it Gary Melvin But Alex is like a basket case already's only been here a little over a week It is already a basket case is very sensitive thin skin any motion on it Follow we should have his cable by now so you should feel better But we can't do that every damn tonney the guys gonna have a nervous breakdown He's gonna think I'm picking on him and I'm not I think he's wonderful. I think he's audience sucks, but I think he's great Don't start okay just lightly Like We all said for today because I kept hearing yesterday Alex kept saying Me kept asking Nick in an incredulous fashion like he got to be about three or three thirty and we still had nobody for the audience So we got audience for today No get a shut them I cough get out. Oh seriously, do we if they may need you a to a clock save the energy now Seriously, do we have an audience for today? No, yes, maybe not now listen We can't screw around with us the guy came in here and he expects people to show up every day We got pizza a lot of he's sucking my spots is dry by the way Pizza loft is coming this afternoon with food which is always outstanding so please if you're anywhere in the area Please we beg you to stop in on the Alex Ben and show it to and you can talk heavy duty music today Can talk pretend like you know something but don't Giggle and don't go Woo do that's oh Man that stuff that studio audiences do because they feel that they're compelled to make jackasses out of themselves Oh God it just just sends shivers up and down my spine thinking about what people will do man Especially if they're on television Anyway, let's go to Lake Worth speaking of ancient hello Neil I got the reading here on the back page of the opinion section of the prombe's post of you want to hear him a Ladies for what oh the arbitron for ratings for who at the different stations that come into prombe's county Yeah, okay, this has here number one do you EAT AM FM 19.2 yeah, that's swish that's elevator music number two WRMF8.5 3 JN W JNO 6.7 4 W HQ T 5.9 5 WIRK 5.4 6 W O V Z 4.4 7 WSHE 3.2 W KGR 3.0 9 W N G S 2.6 and 10 W H Y I N W I O D 2.3 Yeah, so Half these stations have ever heard of because I'm at an AM F that I mean I'm an AM freak only not an F So there's a news for me yeah, it ought I mean does any Well, I don't want to interrupt you. I don't want to be rubble. We already a ran that down about a week ago And the pombies book came out but it figures the pombies post there always about a week behind How great who owns that is at a Cox paper. We all that and land it well that's probably where they got the information by way of us Atlanta Georgia. Yeah, okay. Thanks Neil. I think we shipped the tape over to a pombiech. I see. Thank you sir. Okay. Okay for that repetitive crap It's 10 minutes past noon and W I O D pombiech is open and available ladies and gentlemen at 655 W I O D Don't forget to come out now our live studio audience at specs tomorrow in the grove We could have some fun with them, could we? Because we're gonna be given out a lot of tremendous amount of free food for monies 300 gourmet meals or whatever the hell it is W I O D Sure, no problem hold on sir. Thank you. shoe size 10 okay 10 minutes after 12. Well, we're gonna start asking some pretty personal stuff when you call I'm sick and tired of like a hollywood for a lot of their land nobody cares where you're calling from But like if you had a 26 inch waste and you were 60 years old or something like that that'd be kind of interesting or if you had a 60 inch waste And you were 26 years old that could be a pretty intriguing too, right? Anyway, here's a little question for you can you afford four dollars? Okay 12 13 at W I O D and let's go to hollywood. Hello. Hi. Hi. We had a radio accident the other night. Yeah, it was awesome. I had my son in the car with me and turned the radio turned the car on and of course on W I O D and little picky far full of a sign. Oh my god With an eight year old in the car. I was really you know I have to be really careful killed give my name You know they'll be after me for child abuse But all of a sudden he starts screaming and yelling in my son turns to me He sounds just like Donald back And I thought it was very perceptive of the child. Well, you've never seen them together with the same time have you? Never Never and then Sunday when we I turned the radio up Yeah, we're in Last part of last night's abbreviated show. Yeah, when we got in the car on my husband's car on Sunday He had the radio on and of course he's under BIO D and little picky far full of a sign Lot of accidents in a car yours later Yeah, he was complaining that he was having a trying to have a show where people would call in and rip them The only trouble is you have to have an audience. Yeah, that's true And the same three people kept calling him back all day Telling him how wonderfully was and isn't it amazing you know how stand you've just been hours having a show where people could rip him and No one was calling him Telling him how bad he was doing well. I wouldn't worry about it I hope not he's unbelievable yeah, I wouldn't lose any sleep over it You know what I mean? I don't I think he does We sure affect those you will have a great day Okay, that's all I'm saying 12 15 at WIO D. We have an opening in Broward at five to four accident five to four miss hat and Let's go to Miami hello You know my ear is wet and like a horn church, but anyway Why I call that in hold it for so long Boy that was pretty interesting what is that like a Tennessee Williams line or something what the hell is that? I don't know I heard it in hard you've been reading some olders can call well novels or something hold on a second now WIO D hello yes I We're gonna send Neil some balloons tomorrow and I just want to know does he have a D in his last name? No ROT ERS right thank you. Thank you. Okay, do you hear that? Yeah Neil he's sending balloons So yes, are you there? I'm talking to you. Okay Okay, so anyways, I think you know the way you've been didn't you hear it didn't you hear this guy Who the guy it was just done is sending balloons for tomorrow. You seem like totally disinterested Well, that's nice. That's real mind when you want to come by specs and maybe blow a few up. Did I get one? Sure Okay, but anyways, um you've been eating so much lately. I know I know it sounds good I'm not getting any weight back though. Just maybe maybe 60 80 pounds you're gonna have more chin than a Chinese phone book That's right. No, no press it that was so good. You know, it was really so excellent. You can't outdo that It was it was great. Okay What else is I gonna tell you? I don't know. Oh, I know it was white your name is not like you said like this What cuz my neighbors are yentas in training. Okay. They're just getting ready. They're preparing for a life of Inflicting misery on anybody that comes in their path. I know but is it like such an elite area that they don't really know not at all not at all It's just like a Yuppie heaven, you know, it's not