New kids on the block have been sweeping the country. And now come with Helen Deo, then sister New kids on the block. It's Gerontal Music with a message. Oh, heart's in the condo. I saw your my wife's hair just mad. Oh, no. And he's my bad and she knows you. The crepant recording artist stole Fights in the condo with a new smash element. Friends and animals. Oh, I sent here. There's some guy for you. Please, I'm home. Go to see a little free. I'm home. I'm going to some of them down the road. We're going to go to the other day. We found out they called the book of our ladies. So we found the cross. We walked across the road and I trucked with wife and it squished like a crow. Oh, heart's in the condo. Cast the door by the album before they expire. I'm full, you're one, I'm full, you're twice. No, I missed you, I'm my wife. They raised the price on Polly Griff. So I'm sorry, I can't leave a family. First, there were no kids in the block. Now, oh, heart's in the condo. Oh, my God. I saw your my wife's hair just mad. Oh, my God. Oh, heart's in the condo. By the album, friends and enemies. And get your ticket for the first live. But any wickedly bastard ticket outlet. Another cup and door presentation. I hear you're a dance. Ten eighteen. I W I O D on a very amazing day. Thursday for those who keep track. Wow, where do we start? So we take a couple of calls before I go into my big monologue. Point and beach. Good morning. Yes, sir. I got to tell you in the other morning. I'm just pissed. Yes. Yeah. First of all, I just got through watching Donna Yuh, which brought me back to the fact of seven I listened to on W I O D last night on the news. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Where is Paul Harvey? I don't know. Where is he when you need him? Oh, geez. I'm listening to W I O D. The news. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Don't. Yeah. Okay. About the school board incident now. Yeah. And the reason he didn't get ticked was because he was a black man. Are we going to go in now? Are we going to start this right out of the box? No, six of every time someone is got test numbers. Something that has become fragile. Right. That big county for you. Sir, why did you wake up and discover that? Well, I've been I woke up years ago, but no one said it any more. I just stepped up the panties, pal. Okay. Everyone. I call up W news right now and have a real heavy duty discussion about it because it's your last chance. Excuse me. Twenty after ten at W I O D depend on it. Should we take a call from Miramar? Don't forget by the way, this Sunday. Big doons, big happenings in Miramar. Fat Rich is going to be there with bells on. And a what? On TV said to make sure he doesn't miss the beginning of the cold stop. Anyway, this Sunday we're going to do our thing at the International Food and Fun Festival in Miramar at Perry Park, noon to two. Mission is free. That's itself was 68th Avenue and 34th Street in Miramar. Sponsored by the Miramar Pembroke Chamber of Commerce of the Berlin 610. W I O D you're almost alive station for the 90s. Okay. W I O D, Georgia's frantic. Hello. Oh, is that the Palm Beach line? Yes, man. Okay. I'm going from Jupiter. The planet of the city. Oh, the city? It's just a joke. Hold on a second. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. Let's do another break. I want to get to some of these calls and I also have a lot of comments to make. Because I was there the day the W I W I was went on the air out of nowhere. Way back. Way back in 1978 in March of 78. Dick Casper, a genius in the broadcasting industry and they still have a written anything about them either of our great newspapers. Man died a couple of months ago. Put about a half a dozen different successful formats on the air in the same market and other big formats in other major markets around the country didn't get one line. From our illustrious radio TV experts in this town. And isn't it interesting my good friend Tom Jika who's going to be on with us next Tuesday all day is up in New York for the breeder's cup at Belmont Saturday. So what is the Sun Sentinel have? Nothing. Zippity Duda. When Jika's away, let the Harold play. That's what they say at the Sun Sentinel. Isn't it some kind of a town? Made your breaking stories. Wow, we don't know about that. Tom's up in the air. He's a project has got out at OTV. It's 1022 at W I O D and will be right back. If you've just joined us as a new listener, welcome to 610 W I O D. You're probably familiar with our excellent local news coverage. Don't watch 610 traffic reports and meteorologist Bob Sopers accurate weather forecasts. But at 610 W I O D, you'll also find fun, unpredictable personalities like migranary. Celebrating his 15th anniversary with W I O D. Neil Rogers, outrageous and unbelievable and Rick and Suds, crazy with a dash of dementia. Welcome to 610 W I O D. We're not. And as if we don't have enough traumatic stuff going on, we also receive words through our rumor Mongoline, the W N and the Motivation Station, the winner's news network. Has told its staff that it's dissolving the current format current staffers now calling around the market looking for work. What a business, huh? What a business. And in that old bag that called a Dick and Doug yesterday afternoon, I want to make one thing perfectly clear, okay, get the wax out of your ears, lady. We feel for our fellow broadcasters in their time of need. Don't we? Huh? We don't? Yes, we do. Because we're for the talent. Now with management they suck up with the talent. Now Alice is okay, he's getting paid off to the next July. He can have one 12 time between now and then. And Debbie, she can live off the fad at a land for a long time, man. Don't worry about her, she's not going to miss any meals and if she does, nobody will notice. What am I getting all emotional about? What's quite an emotional day and as far as Sandy is concerned, what is there to say? But don't give her a mask, you're a dance. All right, don't get emotional again, okay, calm down. Or there's so much to say we only got three and a half hours left to do it. Should we take that nicely into call from Jupiter? Hey, now. What happened to the lady that was on the phone? See, see what's going on in there? You didn't put another call on there, did you? That's Mr. Big Al from Boca. And he's got some old broad calling in there. You're not pulling us anymore, Big Al. Miramar. I got a spary for the son Tyler. Yes, sir. Foxy writer named Chris Leror, Lagerino. He looks like a rhino. He was put, he was talking about Douglas and, uh, rhino, Sandberg. No, Chris Leror rhino, it says. Yeah. Anyway, he's talking about the fight tonight. What fight? What fight, okay? And he says, Douglas reduced the square neck to Becky machine to be in the butt of jokes like I fall and I can't get up. You know that that woman was on this morning on the CBS Morning News. I forget what her name is Esther. Hello, Esther. I'm serious. The woman that's in the spot. She was lying on the floor. That's how he said it, though. On, we'll leave him. You said you used your phrase, I fall and I can't get up. Yeah, well, that's what Mr. Holyfield's going to be saying. Did I about the third round? Second. Second round? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. See you. And as far as boxing kids, concerted, it's disgusting and barbaric and grotesque and I hate it. What what champs are going to be on? Okay. We have an open line of word. It is. We have. Ha ha. Trust me. Papino. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was just so excited after reading this paper about WNWF. Yeah. Had a call, and just be a good one. Are you dancing on a grave? Yes, I am. I want you on and to be. Shame on you, sir. Now listen to me. We can do. See. Yeah, don't. Don't get to play Rudy fruity, Rudy. Alice. Come on. Would we do it disgusting thing like that today? Well, that's the in good taste or what? Oh, great taste. And one of the most disgusting one that will lowest one of the coolest things that anyone in his business could ever do. Oh, no, no, no, no. Do you think that's right? Oh, no, no, no, no. Go ahead. And don't forget now. Now that these shocks will be out of work, isn't it? You're doing it to invite them in for a free meal? Yes, sir. We're here to feed the unemployed. Right, sir. You'll imagine all the unemployed in this business. We have to run a banquet hall. Uh, so I did a debit came in. We'd have to run a gigantic banquet hall. We'd have to rent the orange bull. Uh, at least, at least. Okay, well, that's it. Well, I'll come down on their feet, sir. Except maybe Alice. Yeah, and I know Jerry Wichner is going to be spinning. Well, they were actually, they wanted to get ready to wish it or two, but his Wichner is in part of the least for the building. They get they got to keep it, so they forget they might as well have him along with it, too. Have a great day, sir. May the good snows be yours. And if it sounds like some of us, you see these guys in the afternoon. My good friends are Dick and Doug. Now they're having a good time with this. And I'm glad I gave them a whole show yesterday. And again, today in tomorrow. But the bottom line is you have to really have been on the inside. Now I'd never worked. Thank God for Jefferson pilot broadcasting. But that station was put on the air by a guy named Woody Sudbring, Sudbring broadcasting. Not a great broadcaster to say the best. But smart enough, the higher guy named Dick Casper used to be WFFUN, fun radio, big rock station back in the 50s and 60s. Then they started dying. They had a bad signal problem, lousy engineers, and the no audience, and you could barely hear them. And you know, an AM rock radio went dead anyway. So they bought the station. Shut it dead, better than a door now, which there was supposed to do a WSTU by the way until we let the cats out of the bag. And they shut it down for a month. They change the call letters from WFUN. What is this? What is this about? What is this about? The clap lady? Oh, excuse me. She's going to be on with Steve a week from Monday. But anyway, and then we came on like in late March, I think it was of 70, eight. They hired me from KT. They hired Stan Major, Mickey Dane, Jerry Woodster, and it was all news until eight o'clock at night, which was we had the Prescott Robinson and Jack McCoy, and Steve Daley, and John Charles Daley and Arlene Francis and Bennett's Sir and Dorothy Killjallin. Oh, my memory is getting bad. And then at eight o'clock, I was at eight o'clock at night, and which was on midnight till five in AM, where the late Charlie campus was over there, and the Casper, the late, great. And the only numbers we started getting were at night, eight to midnight, midnight to five, started getting to be pretty decent. And then all of a sudden after about a year of a puke and with point ones and point three, try to be WI and Z with news, all of a sudden book comes out, I got a ten five share at night, and which nurse got like an 80 billion share. And so yours truly, the fat man in his cheer, I went to lunch with the Casper, several clan destin lunches, and I said, you're spinning your wheels, you're wasting your time, let's go all talk. Let's put Alice red tell on full time in a midday. And he said, what? I said, yeah, do it. And so we did news in the morning with press, press, get Robinson and Steve daily. We had Alice on from ten to two, Stan made you on, I think at that time, he was doing like two to four, and then we did news from four to six, and he came back and did six to eight, split shift, I think. And then I was on eight to midnight, which neurovernight. And all of a sudden boom, through the roof. And we went through a few years, and Jerry Williams came along from W, and obviously working at the time. Somewhere in Boston, not the BZ, from where he was. And Jerry Williams came down, and just had, we had like a six four book in the spring and the fall. Was it in the fall of any one, I think? Well, whatever it was, gigantic. Then Jerry left him back to Boston, because he couldn't stand it here, and he was getting like practically, he got mugged and practically murdered, then I do his leave in town. I went over to INZ. The station was bought by a man named Neil Rockoff. Rockoff, what kind of a name is that? bizarre guy started destroying it. Meanwhile, Jefferson Pilate buys old WGBS. Remember Arnie Warren and Amis? Huh? Every now and then you see Arnie doing some spot on TV. Still pile up, what a wonderful pile, what that same phony crappy voice. And they buy WGBS to make a big talk station to compete with W snooze at us at INZ. Three in the same market, they bring in David Gold, Lee Fowler, an embarrassing assortment of right wing douchebags, plus Bev Smith. And who else was on there? Barry, Moses name? Barry something, he's on Phoenix. Well, whatever, they've in the no-time at all, they had like point threes and point fives, destroyed, and at that time WGBS had the best day time signal of any AM station in this market. Seven ten on the dial, destroyed it, ruined it. Dropped it into the ground and competent with Dennis Collins, a general manager and Lee Fowler as the operations mangleer and embarrassment. So what do they do? They sell the seven ten frequency to radio mom B. What are the call letters? WAKY radio mom B? No speaker to English. From Neil Rockoff, the seven ninety-fought, the seven ninety frequency, WNWS, and he moved their talk operation over there. And they keep some of the old guys like Rand Tell, and I think Shirley Peters at the time, and whoever else and they get moving Fowler and a couple of other losers. And keep working around at night. And all of a sudden, it starts getting older. And older, and they got like all the old chronic talk colors and topics that have just like migrated that that spot on the dial and that part of this community. And they're giving away like Phil Dean. And what was the other stuff they were giving away those pills, five or one? I mean, they made it into a geriatric station. And then all of a sudden, they say, wow, it sees we can't sell it, business is bad. What's wrong with a geriatric station? What's wrong is that nobody wants to buy a station where the entire audience are walking dead. They like to have at least a little balance, at least a few people are still alive. Just one or two would be a good start. Uh-huh. And so here we are. On this momentous day, October, I'm assuming to do this tomorrow, I'm wasting all of this, and want me to do it tomorrow, I'll repeat it. We'll just play the tape. And I'll sit around and glow. And it has nothing to do with the individual personalities over there as much crap as we like to give them, because that's all a show biz, okay? Some most of those people I don't even know. Marketstone 21 points. But the bottom line is as far as that upper level management has concerned a Jefferson pilot broadcasting, even the sisters cringe when they think about them, okay? They have now taken two of the major AM frequencies in this market and destroyed them. Had a cell wand to bail out of that one, and now they're putting on the music of your life. Are you on AM? It's like going back to the days of MOR, middle of the road, history. And of course we know they'll get some real good demographics with that, right? Uh-huh. What the hell are they thinking about? I think they want the parents of the people they have listening now to start tuning in. They'll have to bring them in and bust loads from St. Peter'sburg and St. Augustine. You know the ones that Willard Scott says hello to under the day show every morning or over the age of 190. And shows the pictures of the rinkle up prunes. Oh, here's a good looking guy up in a skig and a michigan. Yeah. So get out the polident and the felden and the metamusal and the mailbox because we're going to put all this crap aside. We're going to start getting real serious on this station. You know what I'm saying? I guess. 1037 at WIOD will be back with the, uh, hairdocta right after this. Hi, 1040 at WIOD. What a day. Motivation station history. Talk on W. snooze. What about the colors are going to be? Anyway, the original game plan was going to be that Alice and Debbie and Sandy and Jerry were going to come on. He wasn't there this morning was he was he on? I didn't hear him. I was we probably had been coming in time. But anyway, they were going to be on tomorrow afternoon from 430 to 5 and did farewell. And then the station was going to go dark. They were doing the Johnny dark format for a week. And then a week from Monday, we're going to come back in their new format with their new call letters, market style 14 and a half points. But I guess because, uh, I be honest with you, you know, Dennis Collins likes to blame me. Like that stuff that came in a mail the other day. Remember all those messages from Don Currence, phone message book. What the hell have I got to do with that? It comes in an envelope from them in a mail like with a regular stamp. They got more leaks than a sieve. They got more leaks than the Titanic over there. And when a stuff comes out after all, we are here to inform and entertain. But inform that's a bottom line. When we get information, we know it's the MS. We're delighted. We're ecstatic to be the first ones to share it with our wonderful audience. And my name is. Hi, do I know? Great. I was calling about that promo. You're IOD promo sounds like the close number two. Uh-huh. Welcome to WI. It's a wrong voice out there to be a much friendly or old voice. Like maybe the dean would be good to record that. I mean, it's like, uh, you have your own identity. And it's the close, it's the West Coast now. Yeah. I mean, next and you know, you're going to play the same type of music. I don't know. I want to be famous at a school that's green. Yeah. Well, that's the boy Gary syndrome. Sir, what can I tell you? Yeah, well, that's another thing about management. I'll see. First of all, let me explain this to you. All the people who were listening over there who fly over here and have a sense of humor, which I don't think will be too many and stick around. That's great. We welcome everybody. But the idea that suddenly all those jury metrics who are over there, how can I try to come up the same old tired things to hear the sound of their voice and using it as a babysitting service. The idea that that's going to be our audience. God forbid. Brilliant. That's exactly what they're playing with. Yeah. Welcome to IOD. I hear you're a dance teacher. Yeah. Well, anyway, that's why the reason I called down. Have no fear, sir. This two shell paths. Okay. Okay. I'll get the answer to the source. But 1043. At WIOD, we have an open line in data. Guess we should share with our new listeners those calling numbers because we want to give everybody an opportunity today to voice their opinion. This is America, even in Broward County. Even if Sheriff, you read the thing in the Sun's Settlers morning. Sheriff Nick is very hurt. Can't understand why everybody's up at arms and they're all again. I'm driving home yesterday. I'm on Plamingo Road and here's this pig on a, what is it? Now, wouldn't fit. Not today. Here's this pig on a bike. And he's following me all the way from 595 up to sunrise. Following me. And I'm going to speed limits 45 and I'm going 4748. And I just keep coasting right along if I can say that would apologies to Wendy Bennett, coasting along at 47 or 48. And he follows me all the way up to the intersection. I mean, just incredible. You're not fooling me, Sheriff Nick, okay? In fact, it's nice having little police kind of boy home, little police protection on the way home every day. No problem at all, okay? I'm driving real slow. Didn't we just do Miami on two? Didn't we just do that? From I lose in my mind. Mobile on the star line. Neil. Yeah. A official dairy atrophy pork from the snooze. Uh-huh. Wait, see here. There's a course I'm coming up. So today's I had a little radio accident because the radio just tends to go in its own direction. One of them heading down here. And it goes over to snooze. And they're all down there. And they're following me about what's leaving the body. Can I? Can I? The right. I know. That will connect. Oh, we're going to get, we're going to get disconnected. We did. So they're all eating on the air. They're eating on the air. So one of them says, oh, we can't eat on the air. So what is Andy? What are they going to do? Fire us? Huh. Is that great or what? On. Unbelievable. I knew you'd love it. Well, you know what they say about Sandy around here, don't you? What are they saying? Sting around the desert. Don't give our a map. She'll love it in Vegas. I just want to know what's going to happen on my sounding sounds now. Oh, they'll be. They'll be booming in zoom. Now that we were the only ones who talk about Feldi, now that we get them all over here, we'll promote the hell out of it. Oh, right. Way to go. Business will be booming. It'll be a moving experience. Exactly. Have a great life. You're too new. Five. Wow. Is the audience ready for this or what? 1045 at WIOD. We have an open line now. I was starting to give those numbers and I got sidetracked. We have an open line in the two of them and date County. Look at that. 5151-9463-751-old. Rowered 524-WIOD and one in Palm Beach, 655-KT is God. Got a good sense of humor there, I guess. 655-WIOD. Those are the numbers. Right, I'm down here. We've got unicorn coming in just a little bit. We had a little appetizer from publics this morning for which we thank them profusely. Our good friends and publics, my good friends at Navihil and Clary with the world's greatest publics. Although I do see a sign they're building a super public store up over there across from the Suagras, Mills Outlet Mall. Boy, what a life. What the hell more could you want? You got a tobacco shop, schmachtero, and your super publics, you got everything you want. Right? Aha. So anyway, write down those numbers. We want all you new listeners to be calling in every day. And voicing your opinions on the topics that really concern you. Like the notch by Lingwilism and casino gambling. Now we're talking, now we got a good start. Maybe once in a while we'll get Margaret Kent, how do we grab a hold of the man in your choice? When I owe his favorites? Maybe we'll have, I can't make a bit out of this because I don't know any of their guests anymore. Well, Steve's guest, you know who they're going to be on FTO. I'm waiting for that day that he has Al-Rantel. Debbie Ellis and Ellis Rubin on together. Ellis, Ellis, and Ellis. Is that going to be great? And Ron Ellis of the Maple Leafs, huh? Ellis, Ellis, Ellis, and Ellis. And Emmys. What the hell is he talking about? Why do you gotta understand? It's just a pressure business, pressure business, 1047. Now you see it says Jupiter on there again? Wio, Dave. How about Mike Segel? How about Mike Spindell? How about Thomas Leikus? How about Spencer Ross? Poor Bobby Grove. 1048. Wio, Dave. Your car important, what do you care for? If you stole it in the strip of its best parts, sticking you with repair mess weeks later? Well, a car, that's not 14.5 points, everything's going to be okay. Okay. Where's Dennis James when we need him? Dear field. I'm the allowance of the consumer room. I hear that the airlines are booking extra flights into Miami. Radio salespeople all over the country are excited. They can't believe AM music. Is that true? Can you imagine, would you be excited? Could you try and sell AM music to any of your advertisers? Uh-huh. Especially muted. Hey, man. You have an extra-mushroom. Max, the Victor Sukey, ambient. Mashi muted. AM music on I, 79. I don't know. Maybe they'll hire me to do talk-ups. Do you have any extra things on the... I heard you the first time, sir. Don't pick out our good friends, the seminal Indians. It's 1051 at WIOD. We have an open line in Broward. Let's give those numbers distinctly and clearly so that our new friends can join us. I see it's ringing already 524. WIOD. That's 5249463 for those of you a little bit too confused to transpose the letters to numbers or vice versa. Or reading from right to left in Hebrew, it's W-O-U-D. Let's go to Plantation. I knew. I knew. What's going to be? Why do we gonna do now, Esther? I knew. Yes. Huh? Oh, hey. I know you're saying what's going to be. Esther. Let's just skip a semester, Esther. Oh, God. Let's go to the early bird and drink our sorrows away with an extra pun juice to saffron on Esther. I know what a cheese can. It's making an easy shit. All of the old folks are with them all. They're checking their seeds. No, they never say please. Just waiting for their neighbors, special to call. I hear your upset this. Wait, they're waiting. They're good old, how to drink. Searching for the false teeth they left in a glass. And how they're the claim that there's a top host to blame. They know. It's their own defund. The shuffling in my eyes. To get the early bird on the top. It was just as hard as it came. And once they're seated, they get overheated. That stuff in the rolls and the sweet and low wind and bad. Waiting away, I can't hear, God old, how to drink. Looking for that long glass problem of you. And how did it say that it's a false tooth? What for so? And animal in the blue. You'll folks don't know the reason. Why nothing is pleasing. The muscles aching that teeth just don't fit. What does it matter? When they call up kneeling in the shadow, I hate you kneeling never listen to your shuffling. Waiting away, I can't hear, God old, how to drink. Just the bottom, that I'm used to, that I'm ready. How they'll reclaim that it's a dark horse to play. But me or no, they can't wait for her shuffling. And how they'll reclaim that it's a dark horse to play. But me or no, they just can't wait for her shuffling. Even Charles Moms himself, she's in mourning. 1055 in WIO day and a very solemn day in the radio business here in South Florida. Yeah. And if it sounds like we're not as sorry as we should be. Guess what, Dennis? We're not. Did they make any effort? Did they try to do something less geriatric? Did they make any effort to attract a younger audience? No. They kept encouraging the same geriatric old repetitive monotonous boring listeners with the same old repetitive geriatric guests and topics. And they drove it like with a steak through Dracula's heart right into the ground into the grave. So are we supposed to sit at, oh gee, it's too bad that topical talk is dying. Yeah. Well, maybe if those stations they wanted to do it didn't end away, there was a little more interesting and less geriatric. And stop discussing the same four things all over again like Sandy with their sticking bilingualism and illegal aliens. My God, if you ever find it between that and casino gambling, that's it. You could start out by talking about the pig me's on a moon in within 30 minutes. She'd be talking about the fact they don't speak English. Miami, Buenos dias. Deal. Yes sir. They're not only playing beetles and other music that's terrible, but they're only playing one side of the stereo, like the last side. Well, what do you expect on AM mono sir? AM mono is one thing. Yeah, I think somebody over there's got mono. What the problem is? You know what I'm saying? Yeah, you're a geriatric, you know? Well, the wiggas in the corner. I'm back from WQIM. Actually, they have the transmitter hooked up to his piece. That's why they got to keep it going. Well, actually, they did want them out and they had his breed case there when Dennis made the offer. And he reached and then pulled out that beautiful silver shiny 357 magnum. You know what I'm saying? Yes, I do. Kind of like Clint Eastwood Jr. Hey Yahoo. Oh, yeah. Back on you. 1058 at Wiodine. Now, I tell a geriatric, they already know me in a hate me like Poison anyway, but wait till I geriatric audiences introduced to my dear friends Rick and the Suds. From 2 to 6 to 1, a couple of the finest glam you'll ever meet. Excuse me. 1058 here's a payphone in dear field. Hey, this is Grand Deerfield. Are you doing Glenn? Alright, man, that was boring. That last segment, whatever that card was. Woo! Stop killing me. That's what this town is all about, sir. That's why it was boring. You know it. This was a reflection of this community. I couldn't agree with you more than you. Yeah. Did he tell you this last night? I don't watch. He did. I was spending a million miles. I said vibrates when I turned on pedals. They had this segment they called till that to us part. It was about, it was about battered women. It was unbelievable. And she comes on and says, listen. She says, don't let your children watch this next segment and they let on into it. And I mean, they were showing pictures of women. It was unbelievable. Her head was just popping and spinning and it was unbelievable. Was Susan Day on there? For that one. No, I didn't want to go down for her. David showed some like women's breasts. I'll beat up and stuff. It was unbelievable. I bet you liked that. No, not me, sir. I sure. Listen. I love the way you ripped the management there. You know, I know why. Now I had a friend that will mention his name. He worked in a newsroom. But he was canned. Yeah. Another one that got screwed by the upper end middle level management jerk balls in radio. Maybe if he had dressed up once in a while and scared coming up like it like a slime ball, he'd still be here. Let me tell you about that one time you were mentioned about we didn't be laying in the end towards down in Key West. And I think happened to her. You talked all about it. Yeah. Well, you know, he was called in on that Monday, really early, like two hours before he was scheduled to come in. That's right. That's why I looked at him. He nailed his ass, boy. I don't know what no way Jose. See you. What is he talking about? Anyway, Henry says enough of this nonsense. We got the really important news coming up. And if anybody can do the important news, he can do it. Henry Barrel ladies and gentlemen, the legend is on mine. Amanda does the news from the floor. And we'll be back with more at 11.05. So, please. I'm here in the locker room of the San Francisco 49ers. Tours is many of these players are flesh from the shower. And appear to be pretty much buck naked. Joe Montana, of course, is clad in his hands underwear as we quiet by his endorsement. And that white Joe. That's correct, Barrel. You know, Joe, I realize you're the world's premium quarterback and everything. But obviously, you have the makings of a fabulous tie-dance. I beg your pardon? Joe, how do you feel about women reporters? What, actually Barrel, I'm quite comfortable. You know, they've all been thoroughly professional. I have no problem talking to women in the locker room. I know. How you sure that this is the locker room? It looks more to me like the equipment room. I guess, yeah. Tell me, Joe. If I made a pass at you, would there be a pass completion? I'll actually bother my wife. Oh, you'll come to guys now. And if you don't know, I'm going to make a play. Come on now. No penalty for me, go use the hands. I'll be the offense. Yeah, you don't face the Barrel, baby. The high-browning. Oh, my gosh, you're amazing. We're sitting in the locker room with the one night. Ooh, ooh. Oh, you look good. You look perfect. Oh, you look perfect. Oh, you look perfect. Don't forget to subscribe to the YouTube channel to get a new episode of Dicken Dud News for our honor. And also, they are requesting audience participation in the WDS News funeral procession to be a Friday afternoon at 4 o'clock and begins with a week in the parking lot proceeds to WDS news with hers listeners and well-wishers. And also at night Hurricane Hotline with Sunny Enjoyed 605. Tonight, join Joe in the studio and Jeff De Forest. Live from the Rasmussen for round by round cut in coverage of the Vanderholly Field Buster Douglass fight. That's what it says here, Douglass. And then Randy Martin in between all that matchmakers and the editor of single living magazine as they will be matching couples tonight on the unforgivable Randy Martin show. Oh, my, bring back Alex Bennett for God's sake. Tell yourself a favor. Well, you're a pal. Couldn't hurt. It's 11 o'clock. W-I-O-D. Here's a mobile from Aventura on our famous Starline. Our famous Starline. Listen. Yom Leesning. Yes, sir. I heard that news conferences morning and Sandy said that this market is losing major talent. And then she paused for 10 seconds. He made the motivation stay at going on. He said she paused and she said, what do my mean major talent if we out of jobs that could lead me to major talent? Yeah, right on, Sandy. Is that unbelievable? That's a point. And they have a dinner tonight by the way, in Morrison's in Hollanddale, in the Memorial Center. But I understand that some of them are going out and participating in the G walking Olympics for 130. So it may not be all that. Listen, I want to tell you, Debbie shows up in Morrison's. Yeah. Everybody else can stay home. She will take the whole camp there. She's the only one that takes 42 trays, which goes online. Is it true, Jerry? Which is going to play music at night there? That's true? Yeah. I don't believe it. If you could, it's a sleep by. Yeah. I listen. Have a nice day. And take care of yourself. Don't abuse yourself. A good lord willing. You hear what I said? Because Jay Skyler won't like it. See ya. I'll take care. We're eating healthy today. We got the unicorn coming around noon. Bad riches here to a butcher up in a real healthy, about 20 30 pounds of it. I hope she brings that the rice with mushroom sauce. Brown rice with mushroom sauce that I mentioned yesterday is a little hint. You got to start eating healthy rich. Cut the crap that's all I can tell you. And where's my tickets for that Phoenix game? That's true. Like we're storing. When I come. We're going to talk up every one of the Beatles records that's ever been recorded. Okay. From now until midnight next look is starting to like that. See it's nothing to play on anybody can do that. But talk them all up and to hit everyone. Man. Well that'd be greater what. You want to hear a great talk up. Even Ricky Tickie would be impressed by this one. He's a real. Okay. 10 past 11 at WIOD. You want a great lunch right now. You are just starving. You're dying over there and you want to go on for an interview. There to Miami Cubs with a hot new beans. There are the streets fighting. They pop the hand again face there. There you are. You're just in hell and they'll buy. We get a problem. The crazy is a true trace. We're 10 at it and at the group a senior citizens are going around trying to get the early birds Special after 7. Yeah they're back and down. Let's go get them. Yeah. We're just off and up. Clean up this tree. They're lighting. You can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the line. Yeah they determine the cleanest Muslims in this. All right. To stir your under red. Oh so now you're arresting my wife. Watch the chunks. Session of powder. I'm going to first time. Let's see that white stuff. Yeah just a thought. She's got over 100 bags in here. Oh for. Sweet and low. My restaurant just came out of. What's that guy man? Yeah. Yeah. They're coming in Miami Cubs. Hot movie in Hellenville. Vise. We're being disform on MBC. Uh huh. It's 1115 at W.W. We don't forget we're doing those cut-ins tonight starting at 10.45 round by round coverage like a blanket of the Holyfield Douglas fight with Joseph Gacky and Jeff the forest. Wow. That could be exciting or what. And also of course that's going to be all into the Larry King. Sure. I hope we don't cut out his incredible comments. He's going to have about the changes at W.S. No. It was changed and broadcasting right. 1115 at W.I. Old D and let's go to Fort Loderdale. Deal. Yes, ma'am. I had a radio accident this morning. Uh huh. In between the tears. Let me guess. Oh, you're the world. Yeah. How was told to be he felt like dancing in the Wizard of Oz? Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, my God. I had a run for the Tisha bus deal. It was so emotional. That is. That is. Very very very emotional like you do. Very sad meal. Was it a traumatic? I was so sad. I was so sad. I was so sad. Okay. Very very very emotional like you do. Very sad meal. Was it a traumatic? I couldn't stop the tears from flowing. God. And I love that BS that Dennis Collins comes on with their 10 o'clock. Wasn't that the Bindi hear that part? Which part was that? When he came on right at 10 and went through this whole thing about our loyal audience. And we know you're there. And that's the good news. And the bad news is there aren't enough of you. And we have to make a tough business decision. In other words, he's saying we're losing our ass. We got this geriatric old audience that no sponsors will buy. And of course, we're going to do something smart by putting on this geriatric old music. Then nobody will listen to it. Nobody will buy again because we're dumb. That's what he said. Okay, Neil. A music intensive geriatric Peggy Lee and Johnny Mattress. I don't understand. Oh, I'm trying to get out of here. Oh, I'm trying to get out of here. Mel Tour May, the gay gourmet. I mean, what are we talking about? I don't know. Who listens to music on any meal? Nobody unless that's all they got. Unless they're tone deaf. You're not changing anything. I hope with your new listeners. That's what you think. Just wait till I guess next week, I knew we have Wayne Dia to say a lion over here. The doctor? Uh-huh. Every day a different doctor. That's wonderful. Uh-huh. I wish you all the best. And we have the Felvin ladies going to have her own show. I want to film the old. It's called Hold On to What You All Got. I wish you knock us a new one. Because it's in the bag. See and soon. Adios. It's 1118 at WI. Oh, D. Wow. Well, listen. What can I say? We're not supposed to sound happy because there's some real talents out of work today. Of course, none of them were working over there. It's just a joke. Don't take it personally. Alice will be okay. He's getting paid off to Lex July. A lot of us only wish. We got into these deals where we get paid off the rest of a nice juicy contract for 475 an hour. Let's try Miami. Shall we? Buenos dias. Good morning, Neil. What about bilingualism? Sir Archie, second tired of it. If you hit the AM dial, I think we're the only the last Green Go station. Yeah. Let's get to the over here to talk about bilingualism. Damn it. Green Go. You don't need green go station left on the dial, man. Yahoo. Listen. Listen. You got it. Your Arnold's command. By the way, is wait is Chuck Myers birthday really on November 5th? Would somebody fight out? I don't think that's true. Somebody gave me some. I know Cheryl's birthday is on November 5th. Would it be something of way of three people on the same stiffest path? All of the birthday on the same day? Incredible. Listen. I love your Arnold's commercial. The people off the street you said that will enjoy the little burgers. Yeah. There's little burgers. This street people. Right. On November 4th. I have an official quote official. Yeah. Tom like his fiery port from LA. Yeah. Just got back about two years. Oh. Oh. On a WKFI. I am a 640 AM radio station. We don't care about KFI because we own it. And the sister stations the coast and building about 80 billion dollars and making lots of money with that slush and we love it. Do you really own KFI? Is this a straight line? I wouldn't say I own it. Well, I'll do this. Well, part of the show. We say parent corporation. The shevester's. Mr. Tom like his is on WKFI from. It's not WKFI. It's West of the mid Pacific. And I could even get on the line. As soon as the guy found out I was from Miami hung up on me. Why? On a stage. Well, what did you want to call him about? Just to say hi Tom. Here it is. A live spire report from Miami. He doesn't care. What are the people in LA care about? Good WK. That's a fact. I have no life. That is a fact. There is no way we were going to get on the air. What a report from Miami. The guy didn't want to hear it. He had a lot of George would have been smart. He'd done the same thing. When everyone knows how he does, you call him about it. pressured him was going to keep it going. Haha, right. Maybe, it is half redeemed to us. They will pass away a little bit.ưa. My other story though, when he hit Stick Т penonce, the stil, why didn't it hit our oldва? We're not sure he can對不對 and the of course, he diggered. And statt of I would be your judge on the bat line. Yes, this is, uh, I'm calling from Miami. I'd like to talk to you. Okay, hold on, sir. Okay. Sir? Yes. Okay. Like I said, twenty-one passed eleven at WIOD. Now the fun return is okay. Now we're going to get the meeting potatoes at the talk business back again, right? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It's got a dip, see, about a bit. And my daddy, not with his older son, but he's short. It's pretty old. I try to describe a bit deep. Listen on alone, I'm stuck to the kick. She's not dancing. It's a true son-up. What if you're by the door and her brand new gift? She's a bitch. She falls. She tries to call. I fall and I can't get up. I fall and I can't get up. You're a man, you're just a woman. You're a woman, you're a woman. And the crudies to fall and then, withstand. Boo her. And now she's not allowed to dance, but der have her winged and bon Cats to the happy. Tell me, you're making a big bounce of her. I fall and I can't get up. You just keep in mind that it's his old right wing red eggs. So, he used to listen to WWE snoobeshoo the ones that Chloe voin't-好像 you're after a year, decade after decade. Just keep that in mind. Okay? And I'll be transcriptock. Cox says, oh we wouldn't mind seeing all those students come back. Yeah. Now that you're dying on the vine. You Yahoo. Get a haircut. It's 1126 at WIOD. Boynton Beach. Me. Oh, yes sir. They're dropping their flies. I mean, they're dropping their fly. They're dropping like flies. Is it true Stan Major's coming back? No. Just news. The frown. I am radio. No. I heard you like that. No. You know it's going to benefit from this. I'm listening. Randy Maritune. Yeah. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. First say it is a song. Okay, just come down. Time down. Relax. Many of the okay. No more. No more. Oh, many of your records. Thank you. I've got for a little early bird. I have to be kidding. I'll get there to wash it down with some much of all soup. It'll be okay. This way, this is all the lines. Hold on a second. When that color gets to a composure, back we'll put them back on. We have an open line in Palm Beach 655. Ancient 655. Radio death. Oh, geez. This is unbelievable. What did I know? And we have an open line in Broward 524Wild. We know you're out there. Come on. Get it out of your system now. Don't wait till it's afternoon. Call those strangers. Call right now. I know you hate me like poison. We know the ones we want to hear from. Come on, Esther. Esther was on CBS morning news this morning and I'm not making that up. That's the I fall in and I can't get up lady. And it was interesting because they kept talking about the fact that this line has caught on over the country but they never pointed out how the people laughed and hold their sides and fall down and can't get up from thinking about it. They somehow didn't want to break the news to Esther. Four long days. Oh, that's right. He's still there. Mobile in Miami. Dennis, come on. Dennis said to a station where they're listening. Okay, where there's an audience and there's still a live. Come on. You can do it. Dennis, chicken out of the last second. I can't believe it. Open line on the star line. Star IOD for our Bell South mobility friend at singular. Kendall. I am very depressed. Okay, here we go. And I need your help. Okay. I'm sitting here drinking my coffee out of my W. News mug. And I am in mourning. Well, still is mourning. Maybe a little music would make you feel better. That's cool. Let's stop being cool. Let's have some feelings. Let's stop being so callous to Alice. Neil. Yes. I'm going through serious withdrawal. What am I going to do? Well, we're not going to be able to hear Sam anymore. This is real. We're a Lou Feynman. Well, all those other chronic regulars that have been like part and parcel of talk radio in the town since before my thusla was born. Since before Elaine etters boyfriend was even an idea. Well, I can't believe it really happened. I first heard about it from you and I didn't believe you. Why don't you hoping it would have been? You didn't believe me. The voice of radio reason. This is disgusting. It's gross. Test. What the hell are we going to do? What is the sandy paint audience going to do between two and six? Oh, boy, they'll probably have to listen to Steve on FTL. I'll have to all drive up to four Lodderdale and sit under the tower. I have a little early bird out on the highway. I'm dying on the air. Yeah. You got to promise me something. Okay. Don't have my radio station anymore. Please don't talk so much sport. Read it. A couple of headlines from the newspaper. I'm dying on the air. Come on, Neil. You're on the air. Here's the head. Wait a minute. immediate response. Here's a headline from the soft floor to section of the Miami here all this morning. It says sources. WNWI's to drop pot. There's a headline. That's it. Just put some more salt on the room. Okay. You know who this is, Neil? Who is it? Yes. Who is it? I can't tell you yesterday. Debbie? No. Sandy. You got it. You don't even sound the same. You sound like your whole life. Oh, Jerry's coming up. Well, Jerry will still be there all the amusing gear. I'm serious. I stayed up all night. Hell. When they hit me when they beatle, they do. We got Sammy Smith and help us make help me make it through the night. That's the one we want. We got to have Sammy Smith help me make it through the night. You don't have it? No, we don't. Who's got that record? We wanted immediately if not sooner. I'm telling you. We don't have it. They're not planted on the coast. No one of them don't have a 10-year-old. Come on. Help me make it through the night by Sammy Smith. Somebody in his somebody over its specs. Your somebody we know has got that record. We wanted on our air before two o'clock today or else. Well, I hope it's their old Johnny dark. Johnny dark. If you're listening, get on your horse and ride in here from a plantation. Get it down here now. I hope that old audience starts calling you kneeling. I really do. That old audience was that little play on words. You just avoid it and slip. No, I didn't mean it. It wasn't a bush would say read my slip. I'm not a geriatric. Uh-huh. I'm not. I'm not. I'm so mean. Uh-huh. But I think you don't even have your teeth in a glass. Do you need something today? That's what you're doing. Something. Well, maybe you'll watch his name. We'll stop by and give it a little something. Series trauma. Okay. Now if we get help me make it through the night, I'm not really doing it. I'll make it through this week. No, please. I'm coming on you. Okay. Boy boy. Are you okay? Okay. Hold on man. Just a basket case. Whoo. And Broward. This town is never going to be the same again. Where's Paul Harvey? Where's the rest of my story? Oh, he's me. Where is he? You took him away again. They don't give a damn about Alice or about Sandy or Debbie or Jerry. All they want to know is where's their boy Harvey? That wonderful right wing do you spag? Oh, excuse me. We don't say that anymore. Do you spag? It's 11. Third. Now listen, it's time for us to clean up our hands. It's stuck in a little more sophisticated. A little more topic, a little more worldly and solve the problems of the world. We got a financial crisis. The price of oil is going through the roof. The gas stations are ripping us off. The Arabs are going nuts. The Israelis and the Palestinians are killing each other like flies. The President's a Wimp. We can't even get that budget sooner. And they're trying to stall them to life to the damn election. We don't know what's up and what's down. We're having a recession. Things are not good. And we got to talk about all those things and we will starting at 2 o'clock this afternoon. It's 11.33. Wiod. We have an open line in Palm Beach County at 6.55. Wiod. That's 6.55. 9. 4.6. 8. That thing with the Beatles music. That is so old. How many stations have done that? It's been done like a million times. Every time a station is going to go off the air or change format or do something dramatic. They throw on 80 hours of Beatles music. And you think you're listening to Zeta, you think it's the weekend? You know? Although I will say this, even though it's not kind of muted and mushy, kind of like this. Pete Boulder, a controller and a lot from that mix of Beatles music, they played this morning. Not bad. Sure beats to hell out of that crappy place on a weekend on Zeta. God talking about stations. They're dying over there. How you doing Pete? I'm dying over here. It's 11.33.27 till noon at your prestigious news information sports talk and the stuff station 6.10. Wiod. We will not talk sports ever again on the show. How about that fight tonight? See, he is believing. And you beat. I thought my career was through but then right out of love. My new album's number two. I guess my career is. I'm making my money. Much more than we are, honey. Even more than John Leonard. But not more than Paul. No, don't think it's all. You don't much too long. It's not too expensive this long. You see what you see what you see what you see what you see what I see. I got my career. I've shifted with my career. He said to sing. So now my career. I had some career. But I don't have ring those notes. I guess I can't complain. My song is rising. You wish my career was through. You wish in this song. It's nothing but John. I have a real love. I'm a new. No, I'm a new. I'm a new. I'm a new. No, don't think it's all. Well, we've got it all the day or one. Just tell me what your problem is. Wasn't him. Was it him? Why would he hang up? George unbelievable. 11. 38. And W.I.D.s there. He's on a line. I'm on the line. It's the real Steve Kane. I have a phone to pick with you. Pick this. I'm driving in my car. Listening to an eloquent history delivered by yourself. I left you a while. I was a frontient. I wasn't on it. Do you mean I thought they gave you instructions? You can't breathe my name or something. Didn't. Wasn't either first one to tell everybody you're going to be on WFTL through the sixth starting week from Monday. I got to admit it. Didn't I tell everybody to try from the horses tail? I'm calling to tell you it's the truth. And so help me God. If Rick's ciderman is on your show the first day, I'm going to bar funnier for four hours as a lead in. Now Rick will be on second day. We'll be on the second day. Exactly. You mentioned Mike Spindell. You mentioned every also ran loser that ever worked at that station and you didn't mention one of the people that made it famous. Did I mention Mike Thompson? Oh well so you didn't mention Mike so I'm a good company right? Is he going to be on with Rick's ciderman or Bob Cooley? Let me ask you a question. You broken hearted WNWS one out of business. I don't think I'm going to make it to you. You know what I'm going to miss the most? What's that? The Mike Thompson show. Yeah. I swear to you. How's this town going to be between Paul Harvey Mike Thompson and Rush Bingbang? What's the hell are we going to do? I got to tell what we're going to do. I think we're going to have the under my feet like Harold King. I feel a whole earth shifting just slightly to the left now. Yeah. Now you make sure you tell everybody that they have a real talk. You'll listen to him. The acid is on FTL. I wouldn't go that far. I wouldn't go that far. I'm with a price of gas. Most of us can't afford to drive that far out of the tower steep. Rick and Doug are not. First of all Rick and Doug's. Rick and Doug's. Doug's and your audience are in two different planets. On two different worlds. They're audiences on Saturn and your audience are on a race. This is a whole different ballgame. This is correct. My audience has brains. There's no question about that. Well, let's not get carried that way. Mr. Rogers, I want to tell you that it's nice to talk to you. You're a true gentleman. I know we're going to stay friends throughout this thing. You can just tell by the way, you said that. He's up to his old trick. Wait, you just, no, no, no. I'm telling him I'm not going to. I just want to remind you. I give you a great lead and from ten to two. I'm sure that's what you had in mind. There is no question about that. I'm sure everybody will tell you. Listen, we can get out of my good buddies. They're doing a great job and they're kicking ass. But those people who live with them in two block radius under the tower there, I'm more power to you. What are you talking about? Are you ready sitting in the water? They're going to be happy. They're going to be happy. They're going to be good at yours. Yeah, right. There's no question. Listen, are you going to be sitting in the same chair that Tony Sochin said in? I said, do you want to know the truth? That's the reason I took the job. I wouldn't blame it. I have the same chair that Norman Kent said in. Isn't that exciting? Oh, my God. I'm going to be forever. For a livable. Even the old, not together again. Isn't that great? Wow, what can I tell you? It'll be like the old day. It'll be wonderful. I got the whole list of guests already for the first time. I know. I keep it. You're going to laugh at this. But it's the truth. As you were making jokes about whom my first guest was going to be, I was taking notes. I'm sure I did. That's the great. I saved the urn lady for Friday so we can take a lot of directs all week. I don't know. I think that show is more of a reconciliation session that is in the kitchen. Now that's the thing about it. Yeah. Well, as a matter of fact, they left the jug on the table for me yesterday. Yeah. How wonderful. We got a few real people back on the air again. Starting on the air. How many of you are clocked up at your FTL, 1400 on your AMS? I'll lift my best to mic to the air. That becomes vital apply all I would say is the evacuated building immediately. Take care, guys. See you, Steve. Wow. Unbelievable. Just tell me what your problem is. What a day. Thank God, lunch from the unicorn is coming before you can say a jack. You can't do you spread. What are you panicking about? I'm going to tell you. Look at these people nervous. What did I know? He brought everybody on their toes. That's my philosophy. Keep them on their toes. Wiodd, George is in a coma. Everybody on their toes. Hello. Yes sir. Holding for a meal. You're holding? Hey, this is you. This is I. This is I. This is me and I. We just had the world famous Mr. Canaan. Yeah, that's pretty good. I do have it having him on here is a little bit of fun. You know what? I'm having a hemorrhidectomy. Sure, I'm following him. Right. I'm like taking it off. Uh-huh. Hey, listen. I don't think you're much of a big fight fan, are you? No. You don't care who pummel the hell. But I do have a satellite dish. And I'd like to see a buster Douglas beat the crap out of this speaker just because for the hell of it. Hey, man. Everybody likes downing the big man. Oh, my god. He's got to beat the crap out of me. He's going to send him into the moon. He's going to send him to orbit. He'll wind that hill wake up tomorrow morning next to Uranus. No, he'll be more like recovering down in century village. Uh-huh. Resting after you. They're going to have to be giving a massive doses of building just to get him up. You know what? He's going to say in the third round. I fall in and I can't get up. Yes, sir. Oh, that's great. Well, I'm glad you're for the big buster. Well, some of us have a satellite dish. We'll be watching not slanting taping the fight or vice versa. It'll be great. Hey, I'm paying for paying for you 39.94. Well, I'm here used to paying for it, pal. Yeah. We can all relate to it. All right, man. Have a good day. And the same to you. All right. Not more sports. Okay. Hi, everybody. This is Safety Office of Mike Tyson. Have you a camp at the World Get Badest Dude around the Badest Drive around, too? We did driving tip of the day. A few months ago, I was in a caveman with my ex-wife, I've been given, so I can't believe it. Maybe you read about it in the papers. Anyway, he buys you one of these cute little gaffy fields of cats with suction cup feet, which they stuck on the window and my car when we left the store. On the way home, I drove into a tree. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about it in the papers. I couldn't see the tree because a damn cat was in my way. Robin said, I was stupid. Just a gruff of on the wind to you. I mean, that's really bitchy to me. I mean, call the heavyweight champ of the world stupid. Now, that's stupid. So I think I saved Robin the owl, a lesson. I took her out with a clean right hand, not the right down completely. First, standing at count. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about that in the papers. Anyway, my attitude toward Garfield Academy has really been affected greatly. I mean, in fact, if I see you driving around with Garfield the cat in your car, I may lose to complete control. I don't know what will happen. Maybe you'll read about that in the papers, too. Just tell me what your problem is. 1145. I'd love to do all of these. Why would be great Rick Siderman back on a year? And New Year in Lady. And Bob Coonst and Ellis Ruben. And Reverend Rick Patterson. And who's that the unit Reverend? This is his name. I can't remember his name. He was great. Reverend, um, bag. Anyway, let's go to a beautiful collar and Fort Lauderdale. There. I've been fut this bad to Sammy Davis to your die. All right, hold on a second. Just to keep him on there until he comes down. We do have an open line in Palm Beach. 655 Beetle. Oh, I bet you're Ricky Tickey is just eating his cap for breakfast this morning. Can you imagine him go and nuts your an all-at-beatle music on it? Other station man. I bet he panicked. All beetles all day. I'd be honest with it. That wouldn't be a bad format. I bet you they get a higher number with that. They're going to with Peggy Lee and Johnny mattress. Davey. He said. And there's nobody there. What? Oh, excuse me. Oh, excuse me. That's okay. One thing, a lady from Coconut Grove. And I have a comment that we can go. The lady from the Grove, who's the lady from the Grove? I was the lady who was drinking coffee. The lady that's drinking coffee? Yes. Who's missing like that? Oh, oh, I'm sorry. Well, I'm out there said, pressure. I just talked to the famous Steve Canameter a lot of pressure. Oh, I remember him. He's the one who got me involved with talk radio. Great. What a guy. And then I started to listen to you. And Barbara Studley and Mike Seagull. Oh, God. Those memories. I was just Steve Canameter and I started to listen to our intel. And I started to listen to you. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. And John 11, how could we leave John 11 out of all of this? The original. Uh-huh. Right? God knows. That's right. Twenty-four and a half points of markets down. I'm not too bad. Yeah, but anyway, I, you know, I'm going to miss that. Wait, it's nice to flip back on fourth. It's nice to flip. That's what Flipper always said. That's where Luke Calpating is. It's here at Dolphin. Yeah. So anyway, it's just a little hard. And this is a part of Dolphin's play and release this year. You don't have to leave this year. But the competition with you now. Well, we didn't have any before. See, it's funny you should mention that because during that time. You said they were all very accurate. So I begged a different. Well, most. Pardon? Ninety-eight percent. Oh, I don't think so. Uh-huh. Maybe at night. Trust me. Really? Anyway, what's good about good radio is when you have good competition and we didn't have any. So the idea that it's great that there's nobody else doing talk is not good. Well, I know that sounds bad, but it's true. When there's good competition, it makes for a healthier radio market. I didn't know how to do more live. I mean, I know how to be. And the hell in the morning is like just, I mean, wake it up to Charlie Mattoes. Oh, my God. With that silly annoying voice. Wow, but he was funny and they all went out. And he was funny. Oh, Charlie and all together were funny. Well, maybe somewhere else, but not on the air. Maybe maybe someplace else in private, but not on the air. Come on. Wrong again, Sherlock. Now is not a morning per minute. It's like when Steve was on WABC in New York. It's a death wish. Nobody wants to wake up to hear that in the morning. Oh, man. I'm just hearing it the morning. It made me wake up. Oh, God. Yeah, I would. I would run out of work. You bet. You're a good boy. It's just like what you're at night into an instant coma. You're right. Well, that I must agree with you. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well, it's good to be able to work at it. Let me get through the night with what you're in. Oh, we can get that. Sammy, what a fool. Wouldn't that be great if we could get that record. God, I would, I would almost kill for this song. Oh, God. I would fall asleep immediately. If anybody can do it, we'll do it for you. Okay. Well, she would. Anyway, all I wanted to say was that I'm going to miss those guys in the morning. Well, we'll invite him over. Oh, please do. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. Bye. Lemon 49 and W.O.D. What is it? A geriatric van driver on the starline? Yeah, I do a nail. Okay. I'm reconciled after you to call you today. You're not a geriatric van driver? I'm the guy who drives your people around. Oh, I see. I thought you were geriatric. You're a gym. Very home. Yeah. They're a pro-position and he's falling. They can't do it. That's the guy. Uh-huh. Okay. Yesterday you had a geriatric American princess with a bird name. She called it bird lady. Now, be nice to the bird lady on the beach for the wonderful lady. And she's over there with the moishi or whatever that bird's name is and having a great time. Easy. Rick and son want the bird lady for the funeral procession. To do what? I do interpret the um, you and she, I guess. Rick and son are going to turn this into some disgusting, rotest display of, you'll tempered, bad, man-ered, foul crap. Is that what you're saying? The absolute bad taste that's always working. It'll be great. Excellent. And so they want you to, like, holler for the bird lady and for all timers, hasn't kicked in far enough where she can remember calling you. Yes, he did want to come over. She wanted to bring her bird over here and forgot to turn right over here on it. That's what I told her and she just fell on the floor and she still hasn't gotten up. She was on the CBS morning news this morning. What? That is a door nail begging for your real parmesan. Her name is Eshta. Yeah. Uh-huh. But Rick and son really would like her for this ulogy kid. Okay. We'll work on it. Okay. I'm going to put out some fealers for Eshta. Yeah. There you go. And the bird. Okay. You have a good day now. I'd have a great life, Jim. Okay. And drive carefully now. Especially as you're a speeding on Hall and Dale Beach, full of about 110 at 130 this afternoon. We have an open line on the starlines star iod. That's for our bell-south mobility customers for those of you who are new to 610 wiod. Get lost. Anyway, here's the true story of Ed D. A guy who appeared on National TV because his car was stolen and then recovered the same car. He was stinking day by the pigs using low jack trackers. How do you like that? I like most of us. Ed thought that his car would never be stolen but 190 parked at Pockt's car. Next morning. Gone. Well, Ed was in the lab because his car was equipped with low jack. The stolen vehicle recovery system. He called the pigs in 742 in the AM. By 945 the same morning. The pigs using low jack trackers found the car hidden on a side street just a few miles away. The thieves were letting the car cool off before stripping it for parts. Go into that. Led a producer from the ABC News broadcast 2020 was in the area waiting to film a live low jack recovery. The 2020 crew appeared on the scene right behind the pigs. Millions of 2020 viewer saw Ed say low jack is outstanding. A great investment. I'm tickled pink. That I bought a low jack and you'll be tickled too because it just makes all the sense in the world that prices right. It really works. And you can have your car back in one piece while it's still worth getting back. If you have low jack protection. For more information or to range convenient installation at your home in your or office or new car dealership call our pal our good buddy Elaine at low jack. She's waiting for your call. She'll be there till 6 in the PM this evening. Call toll free 1-800-53 low jack. Call a right now. One of the best investments you'll ever make 1-800-535-6522. If you've just joined us as a new listener. Welcome to 610 WIOD. We'd like to tell you a bit about ourselves. 610 WIOD features a news department second to none. Featuring news around the clock throughout the week with the most comprehensive local news coverage available on radio. 610 WIOD Skywatch 610 traffic provides you with up to the minute airborne reports to keep you out of the jams and the 610 WIOD weather center features accurate weather forecast from meteorologist Bob Sofer. Welcome to 610 WIOD. We're south Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 WIOD. So you're cutting back these days. No more trips to Monte Carlo for the weekend. And not already with the caviar and champagne for breakfast. And tomorrow you're going to start washing the car yourself. Well, Zales understands these things. We're here to help you and you're tired of need. So Zales is having a special 30% off store wide jewelry sale. Not included in this abender watches gift where value items and already reduced merchandise. But everything else store wide is 30% or more off the regular price for the next four days. And what a four days it is. Don't miss it. This Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday a magnificent selection of necklaces rings and bracelets is 30% off. Yeah, it's think of it. 30% off our diamond tennis bracelets, solitaire, diamond rings and gold jewelry. It'll be passing them up like candy during the holidays. But you've only got four days so don't come wine into us with some excuse if you go out to town. Especially since if you charge it now you don't have to pay a sentence or February of 91. See the store for details. Zales come to your rescue once again. For a young, good time. Come join fun at Eastern Financial Federal Credit Union's October Festival. They car sale. It'll be a Vundabod celebration with great fun food and entertainment. Take advantage of fantastic deals on new and new cars, pickups and vans. 100% financing and special low interest rates are available to solid-five buyers. If you're eligible to become a credit union member, now's a great one to join. Just stop by Eastern Financial Miami Spring headquarters at 700 South Royal Point Cannibal of our bit Saturday, October 27th on 10AM to 5PM. Enjoy very nice dances, clowns and additions, great prizes, games and a coloring contest. Typically your tape buzz with hot dogs, pretzels, ice cream and much more. Plus over 250 cars will be on display in our parking garage. Trades are welcome so bring your title and drive home or new cars. And don't forget to visit your credit union now for a free approved title line. The join is the Eastern Financial's October Festival celebration this Saturday from 10AM to 5PM. Let's take a stand and step by step by your feet. These are cars. All the car needs selling, these are cars. He's got enough bucks to buy Scotland yard and still he's selling these are cars. Go through Miami, you want to buy it? Yeah. That's super song pocket with Michael J. I got to come high here most songs on music every day. We loved the ball of yesterday. I love all story about playing beatle face like twist and shout. And just like ball his shows are selling out. And he's peddling these are cars. Yes, Paul's peddling these are cars. Let's go to Miami, you're on WIRD. Hello. I'm Ben. Love him 56 and good old WIOD. Remember it, embroider it on your hair. They tell me that those kids pay big bucks to have those special haircuts. Those are real expensive. Speaking of haircuts, where's Diane to cut my hair? It's getting real long and shaggy and bad. Tom, where's Diane? Give me my cheap hair cut. 400. Oh, okay. All right, calm down. What year was something give him some felding and a little glass of water and take out the teeth first? Let's try a high LIA. Leo. Yes sir. Go on on. I want to go on. Yeah. Let's go on on. I know it's going on. I want to ask you one question. Yes. Okay. Do you come in with house tapes? Yes. Are you doing that yet? In about the six days. And about six days. How much is the price going to be? Twenty bucks. Twenty dollars will be. But if you want to send it now, no problem. And I send it to come in with house. No, well, care of me. Right. WIOD Miami 331 for one. The biggest and the best tape ever has got 60 minutes. Both sides worth of stuff this year. Take a second. Yes sir. I know that thing. Steven, don't bring your girlfriend to the fight tonight. Take it easy Neil. Okay. That's right. Wow. Is that a message for Steve? Let's go to Miami. You're on WIOD. Hello, boys. You're all blorries. Not listening. Okay. Let's take a call from, are you going to be okay sir? Do it. Put the button. Neil. Oh. Oh. Dennis Comda. We'll be back in in a second. Miami. Hello. Yes. New 2 quick things. These syndicated things like Com sniter and thrush bimbo. Yes sir. Rick anybody will pick them up. Let's hope not. And the other thing is. Is it true that Larry Lomi 50 dollars is due to have a variety show on Sunday night? You mean you don't know this? I feel happy. Wait a minute. You have been preparing your whole week around this? No. God. It's going to be great. Is it going to be from Miami Beach? In fact, they're bringing in at the John Claude Keeley, the ski down Larry's nose on Sunday for 30 minutes. It's going to be incredible, isn't it? I don't know. Well, it ought to be worth something. And. I'd be worth at least $50 anyway. And also the part time Saturday and Sunday talent are vom- Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Don't throw that word talent around so loose. Oh. Yes. They're going to what? They're gone. Yes sir. Audio's history. It's music 24. The world is tilting back slightly toward the left. Okay. Have a great life. Have a sea gile. Man. I bet you sure if Nick is really peoed about this, huh? 1158 at WIOD. We have an open line of dead, they'd count. E751. Mark these numbers down. Now, please, right on the outside of your glass. The one that's got the teeth in it. E751. E94. We're going to have to give these lots slower. Okay. Because when I used to work over there, I have to give them much more slowly. E751. E94. E63. Got it. Sir? I've got more life shows from New England to the border bay. Oh, shit. Let's go to Miami. Hey Neil, how's going? Okay. All right. You have a copy of the field. Happiness is a warm gun. Oh, is this Jared? Yeah, I should get it. Put it back in a briefcase. Your people are starting to talk. Oh, no. Yeah. Yeah. Well, hey. That's how Jared kept his job. I don't know. You have a copy of that song. Yeah, we'll dig it up. How about revolver? Oh, okay. Not bad for a juboy. Okay. Okay. We'll talk to later. He actually said that to me. Said there's something else. And Neil's not bad for an old juboy. Yeah. Anyway, we got no blood and dates. E751. Clan. E751. E9463. Anybody got Sammy Smith and helped me make it through the night. Believe me. We're desperate for it here at WIW. It will give you something. We'll give you like an old Alex credit t-shirt. If you drop it off. We got the new news with our lovely Elaine E.T. That tour is standing by. Who is it? Is she doing it? Why are you shaking your head? No, dummy. I'm Palm Springs. The Palm Beach. She's filled every bracelet. We're at the country. And now. Get ready, Helen. Oh, today. We're going to live. We'll just go to the land. You're going to come up to me, babe. I am now. You. This Sunday. One afternoon, O.V. On her singing blue hair, over my regular tour. It is well. It is well. This is a really great chance. I ever fall in love. All day afternoon, in the baseball workroom, up to the melody. Conqueror, even hell around. It's live. Well, let's go guess. But sing along. Thank you. And make a sweet heart. I live long. With love. And the total print. Send black women. You too, you. Hey. Hey. You too. Go make me so is one. Are you crying, my lady. The whole night through. I've been through as long as I'm still now. With all curly bird, one in Don Cabin, during a little basis. On final music, to remember what you probably most. Oh, no. We're still all the way. We're still all the way. We're constantly in the days. I'm dying out of the air. The whole way to Wild University. You to corn is here with a great incredible lunch. My brown rice with mushroom sauce with great sliced mushrooms. Oh, this is incredible. Unbelievable. At a beautiful carrot cake that's too good. Look at the eat. But I will anyway, a little piece. Slice, Coleman, roast beef. That's the good stuff with no hormones and no garbage in it. Roasted eggplant seafood, Keesh. Lingui, paste, or chicken and Italian seafood. Chaudhara, honey mustard, chicken, wok, barbecue, shrimp, broccoli, Keesh. Lots of Keesh, they assorted knishes. Rich. Slice, all natural, nova. Orzo salad, Thai vegetable salad, coast, lot of chicken salad, Chocolate chip oatmeal cookies and an apple berry smoothie for old meal. Old is the operative word. Outstanding, thank you so much. Come on, I in a Wild here's a call from a Fort Lauderdale again. This is the main street got to go to the main street. Let's go to Carl Springs. Carl Springs is gone. George, Miami Beach. Hello, lovely way to hear the secret Jack, Miami Beach. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. How are we going to survive without Jack from Miami Beach? I'll load out a looped Feynman from the Magic City Cat Club. Can I talk to you, sir? Yes, sir. Let me, I'll shake up a question about it. I'll all lovely lady. I'm glad I happy because all those good talent that's out of work for so long, like your friend standing Craig and Bill. Yeah, Bill. And we're going to people that out of work for so long. That, you know, I was wondering what was going on in WSR on a week. That's why they disappear because they didn't have enough brains to put some real talent on. I mean, Alice, okay, if he's doing his own thing and it's a time of day when people listen to it. Yeah, right. And he doesn't take himself so seriously, but the rest of that crowd forget it. And that credentialed Cassandi and that be Alice. Oh, I mean, who are we kidding? Okay, to a swiss the topic, a week, to swiss the topic, right? Never again, read my slip, never again. I wouldn't care if they had the breeders cup and if they had the Mike Gonzalez cup. Okay, I'm not going out there under any circumstances. I'll wait till Gulfstream. Bill and I a week from Saturday will be at Biscayne at the matinee. Okay, sounds good. Punching our brains out. Here comes the bunny and there goes you know what? I shot for Jack now. I'll see you in the end. Fine. Lovely lady. Jack from the beach may make a return. But I doubt it. He used to call me when I was on O's geriatric stations and so did all those others. All those old regular boy, how about Jan from Hollywood? Remember Jan from Hollywood? Uh-huh. Let's try a mobile and blighten beach. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Boy, you know, talk about a classic example of fixing something that wasn't broke. WNWS. What a tragic, it's tragic, it's tragic. Yeah. And while they're not playing Beatles, I think you're in the sub-nope. You know, I remember when that fish went on the air, you listen to the true hate. Who is now the program director at the failing, very old WLS in Chicago? I hear case. Isn't that amazing? Well, you know, that's what's so proposing about the whole thing. I used to have WNWS on a Mikelar. And in my house, from morning to night, just to do those doubles, 8 to 12 and 8 to midnight. What's going to happen with Harvey from Kendall? I don't know, but boy, I can't believe it. I just can't believe it. What used to be is like an engine? They screwed up everything on there. They had some of the best. That's why Sammie Davis used to be good, you know? Oh, man, they had you in the morning, then they had Alvin, they had steeds, then even had Shirley Peters. Oh, I left Shirley out. I'm sorry. Yeah, and I'm sorry. And I was a lovely person, a wonderful lady. She loves the unicorn. Yeah, what's the name Barbara? Well, I turned all of them for some of us, but a wonderful person. That was a right wing Barbara Studley. And Bobby Groves, rest in peace. Yes, sir. And Mike Seagull. The guy overnight, poses name. Uh, what was I got it, did overnight? What do you mean, what was the guy that did overnight? It's Hoaxule Moron. Which near is a pseudo intellectual? No, not very witchner. Oh, you could have left the pseudo intellectual part out, sir. Well, the other guy that was on Channel 17. Oh, don't the wicked web, don't web. What a wicked web we weave when we go on the air, right? Yeah, all those people, man, there's a story. With his role, there's the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, Hey, can the, I always meant to ask you a question. Yes, sir. How in the world did you ever do two ships today? Not easy. And then when we're doing nine to noon and ten to midnight, for just a brief time and for no extra money, either. Yeah, I just mentioned that one time and did Casper jumped right on. He said, boy, that's a great idea. Let's start Monday. What you do between 12 and 10 slept? Good. Good. Anyway, may they rest in peace, it's the shame, but what are you going to do? Yeah. You know, management never sleeps right? Well, we're getting a million together. Gonna have a big thing tomorrow for him and give him a good send off. Well, send it. May they rest in purgatory. Yes, sir. See you. By 1213, while we're sure dying here from Harvey of Kendall, for Harvey of Miami Beach, I'm sorry. He moved, excuse me. Let's get it right. Then there's Irving from home, instead. We want to make sure we get him on another chronic. I forgot in so many of the chronics, but the voice is I still know. I heard them in my sleep. They're same, but the gruff voice. And all about old Bob Martin, is he still wheezing in prison? Boy. We need to have a reunion. We need to, not just one unemployed talk host at the time. We need to have like a whole room. We can have Craig and Bill and Stan over there dead bodies. And Alice and Debbie will have to have her or she can be in a conference room alone. We'll ship the food in there with a crane through the ceiling. And Sandy? Well, wouldn't Sandy be shocked to see these lovely new studios for that lovely lady? How come everybody around here working with her said, Sandy was a bitch? Why do you people say that? I heard she was really very nice, at least on the air she puts on a good act. 1214 and WIOD, a big weekend of racing starts tonight at Papadot Park Final Preparations are being made for the greatest event. All right, you're okay, Rackamara, okay, good ball. You break. All right, here we go. This is for real. Here we go. Oh, good one. Nice hang. Nice viscosity. Introducing you guys cotton hawkers for men. Oh, wow. I got you ever heard a lunger in the car? Yeah. You get the windows. Yeah, yeah. Get a blow back on your day. I'd rather a brother. He could go up one for miles. So incredible. I was just going to... I would like to do that. You think you can hit that beer can? Wait, that one? Yeah. Sure. No, that's too wet. No, that's fine. Why? What? I'm trying to try to try. No, no, no, no, no. These guys cotton hawkers, when you're not wearing hawkers, You're just wearing that. Wait, no, you got to arch your back and go. Wait, can we make it? Can we smoke? Don't talk about Linette. We're a 20 afternoon at WID. I'm just a traumatic day unicorn village is here with incredible feast. Little carrot cake there for a little later on. Look at Mitch looking in today. Why don't you cook for your husband, Sheryl? Look at the look on his face. Look he has eaten in months. Cook him a hot meal sometime. What'd you have? God. If you stop snoring around here and go home and work over the oven and do a good job, it wouldn't look like he's fading away like Karen Carpenter on a bad day. Another by the way, survivor of W. Snoos, Mitch Ween, ladies and gentlemen, one of America's outstanding engineers and geniuses, a dog track better like you've never seen a plunger, a maniac who gets shuts out its sportsman park with a green dress and a purple satchin the number eight, unbelievable. And Rick C. B. And all the other, we're going to have all the names before today's out the engineers, the office staff, who's that one Linda short-skirts, what was her name? The Casper Secretary, we had just incredible personalities over there. We had Fat Richard, what was the band Richard Banschnook? Well, we had them all over there, man. Oh, God, those were the days. Unbelievable, a w-s-news. I could tell you, stir it seriously. Tomorrow, I think I'll stick around the whole day, even if they don't like it. With the dick and dud, when they do that, the little funeral tomorrow, I got stories from the horses tail. I mean, you wouldn't believe. Unbelievable stories. The night jury Williams got mugged his last night in town on his way to go back to Boston, running around the building, hiding from guys with guns who dragged the chains off his neck and a money out of his wallet. What do I do you reading like it here? 21 afternoon at W-I-O-D, here's a call. Well, let's see how this guy's doing it. I don't even pour it off the refrigerator. What a fucking thing. All right, Dennis, calm down. Will ya? North Miami. Meal. Yes, sir. Debbie's getting a job on talk, not giving diet advice. Yeah. That's what she's going to do. On the wide screen. But what are you going to do without WNWS to kick around? Well, we can melt this for a few months. Yeah, that's true. Okay. Good luck. See you. Bye. Oh, my favorite crackers. What are these called in? Act Mack. Well, I can't say that. Hmm. So anyways, I was starting this day before interrupted myself. The unicorn village market and restaurant on the waterways 207 in the US one. Unbelievable as always. See if we would chop her. I'm talking to the brown rice with the mushroom sauce. That's all I need. I mean, this other I'll take a little bite, but this is just up my alley. Let's try Kendall. Connie. On MGM with the yellow label, Mitch. Oh, God. You know, that was Mayor Bob Cox who played that. That's how desperate he is to bring the spring breakers back. Now, all of a sudden that he got his haircut to shorten it affected his brazen. What's wrong? Let's bring him back. We always wanted him anyway, right? Yeah. Good luck to you, pal. Miami. Hello, I just saw Sandy on TV and she was saying, well, that's talk show. That's talk show business. Yeah, you know what else she said? I'm dying on the hands. I saw her years ago about 15 years ago. Yeah, I least saw her in my stomach. Well, I'm eating lunch right now so I was not going to grab it. It looks like she paints her eyebrows on. That's the eyebrows left. Yeah, sure when Williams. I went to a call there yesterday first time in about four or five years. Yeah, will you ever make that mistake against her? Well, uh, I'm in effect. I had a good day. Really? I had a very good day which I'm surprised because I never won a call that never, never, never. Well, I'm close to you. And uh, they have some better horses there. Yeah, else magic douchebag. That's my favorite. They have some horses in the, the 9th. Yes, they jacky wacky. Oh, yeah. That's a good one. Here winner. Uh-huh. I've got the perfect on there. Well, I got my buddies over there. They got some good jockey, Stuart Elliott, Mike Gonzalez and Dave Oles. Hadley, it took over for a couple of horses. Yes, they would. A good rider. They would Elliot. Great with them. Yes, sir. He pulled them in. Good little rider. And uh, but there's a couple of jockey's that. He's no Dave rider. Pardon? I say he's no Dave rider. Uh, no easy rider either. Right. Um, I was coming easy. Go. Or we should hear the whole call on that race. In Wissances and all those bots. Oh, there was, there's saying in the news today that that breeders cup is really going to be much because there's no outs. Yeah. All the good horses got injured. So what's the big sentence, right? Who cares? Well, well, we could just put on and no out there. There you go. That would be good. You can put them in a chariot and have John Bernetti whipping. That would be nice. Wouldn't that be great? I'd pay admission. Oh, yeah. I'd pay at least 60 cents to see that. What's ever going to happen with Hayley? I'm really anxious to find out. Why are they the aqueduct to New York Horseman going to come down? But is there a short meeting in a winner alleged to work on it? Trust me, it would be great. Hayley will rise to the flamingos. Well, fly against her. That's a, I asked you that. I think I asked you where I asked can't want to be for if they would continue having the flamingo. Oh, yeah. Well, you mean to race? No. No. Oh, man. That's, that's the best part of that. Well, good luck to you, sir. Okay. You have a good day, Neil. Okay. Plunge your brains. All right. 1225 at WIOD. It's coming up this Saturday. They've been playing at all. Spots. Why shouldn't we play the whole thing so we can get our lunch organized? We're moving to post position number eight. Always in the gate. They're not winners. Come down. Come down. I know you're making a big run. Well, yellow pads of death threats. I mean pages and pages. It was great. Just fantastic. Those are the days. Stan was on there. Puffin and choking and puking away. Screaming about the Cubans. Good work, Stan. Nice thinking. You wonder why you're not on the air, baby? You've lost it. 1233 at WIOD. We have an opening on the Starline. Star, IOD. Star. And let's, are you going to be okay, Dennis? Let's go. Go to the Amitis. Dennis. Okay. That's it. He couldn't handle it. They were finally cracked. He's been on there for an hour and a half. For more. And he finally just couldn't take it anymore. Well, Dennis, had last resort. There's always this. I really like the originality of that idea. I probably haven't heard of that being done probably but more than what? Two, three hundred times in a business. And last year or two, playing all beetles when you're going to change the format. That is so damn original. And the bad part of it is they borrowed the library from life. They had to borrow all those music from all those music. Listen to that. Can't you speak a little more articulately young man like that wonderful sandy peat? She was so articulate and wonderful. Can't we have her back on the mic? I think we ought to have a big campaign to have Sandy come back on the mic. Renery, show. How about it? Come on. A right in campaign. Call a management right now. I won't be into moral. Renery is pretty low key but he just mentioned sanding. He starts his teeth start. Nation has hit starts been in a Rob like a Dredley goes nuts. Boyd is he hater. Let's try singer island. I am apocryptant. Please follow Junior. How you doing baby? I am absolutely fine. Yeah. What about a little louder Lee? Come on we get area. Okay. Now you're talking. I'm feeling like he built up song. Must be. I heard a hot armor near home. Yeah. I understand CPR is changing format. Is it calling? No just the rumor. We absolutely deny it. Good. You must be fantasizing again. Late you and your friend Tom Jika with your incestuous relationship. Please don't get into my sex life now sir. Excuse me. Listen. I think that Debbie Ellis is finally flipped out. Really seriously. I mean it's just like he's fucking feels like he's this morning. He is with that broad. You want me to tell you? Yes. That said. I understand Steve King wants her on his first guest at FDL. No he wants her to be the studio. No. He wants to put a tattoo on a backside. Yeah. A map of North America. That's the first month show. Listen. What's this I hear about? William B. William is doing mornings on W. Snow. You got it. But really seriously. I mean this. And her Oscar Anderson is coming back to the weekends. Uh, listen. I have a- And I didn't when they King are going to be playing that music at night. I have a dead phone line. And I won't be the only thing that's there. I can't get a one inch and ride. It might be great. The new format we have dead hosts and dead listeners. That would be great. They can relate to each other. Absolutely. Right. Alan Courtney's going to be on her again. Good. Incredible. We'd like to see him again. Yes sir. Listen. I have a hot skinny really. Sure. Oh okay. On the new format for the motivation stage. Yes. Sure. They've applied for the call letters. Double U.K. L.Q. Clock radio. Yeah. All time. Ever time. Ha ha ha ha. I like it. But time checks. Don't let boy Gary hear about it, sir. I think it could be a winner. We might steal it. You know most people down here don't know what century it is. At least knowing the time is a good start. Yeah. Well, uh, leave your clothes in American. And listen to guy. Keep the ruckies. Absolutely. Wow. Lee Follard ladies and gentlemen. 1236 at WIOD. We have an open-lighted Palm Beach. 655-9463. 655 Jack Cole lives. You want some incredible way United States. Has no quarrel with the Iraqi people. Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression. Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait. Just the way it's going to be. Oh, he's like two feet a dog who's safe. And it's him with a pie. This I can watch his head and slow. Like a male of way to life. He's right here. He's the way Kuwait. And he's the oil sheady. Oh, she's the way I'm doing. Oh, she's with him. And go away this way. He's the way United States. He's the way United States. Oh, she's the way United States. He's the way United States. He's the way United States. He's the way United States. Bottom would say. He's the way United States. Bottom would say. Bottom would say. Top 41 on all hit radio 610 Wild. All the hits all the time. Anyway, for this carrot cake from unicorn village, she gets so hysterical if I don't say village. Unicorn village got it. Restaurant and market at the waterways this. And there's like a half a cake left. Have you had some? The greatest carrot cake in the history of the human race and perhaps even predating that. It is just too good to be true. What is that? Isn't that incredible? What is that for us? Well, isn't that beautiful from floors? Can you hold it up a second so I can see it? It's a map. It says stick him in the desert and don't give him a map. North Miami beats sunny Isle and the city and it's got all the highlights. And the little lights. There's the mobile station in the century 21 in Charlie Tunis and budget reticard and Seabirk resort hotel and apartments in the Hawaiian aisle. Uh-huh. And boy, that's neat. That's great. We're going to hang that right on the thing here. Thank you very much. That's from our friends at Floors. How are you going? And you're new thing over there. Is it working out? Finally. Well, it goes to show you if you can last long enough. Good things happen. Great. Thanks a lot. That's from Floors up here on 79 Street. What a day. What a day. We're doing it. And I think I swallowed some carrot cake the wrong way so I'll start choking. They like that. Listen to that. He's dying. He should only choke on it. I am. Boy. So they were eating on the ear. Maybe that's what Dennis was talking about because when he started that Husser-Riet 10 o'clock and he came out with his dramatic announcement. He said, well, I guess we're going to do something that's never been done. I guess anywhere in history or radio. What? What was it? They put a bunch of people were getting fired on for half an hour. Is that what that was? What does that mean? And the rumor line has it that they were eating on the ear. And Sandy's great punch line was, what are they going to do? Fires? I wonder if she was eating sugar cookies, Michael? Sugar cookies. Oh, I wonder who is the PD that had that green idea? Was that my Anthony the assassin that wanted to put her on the ear for hours? I mean, at nine to ten hours was just a disaster when they had them on together. You could just hear Reniri wrenching his teeth. They were just clattering in his mouth or in a glass somewhere. And then they wanted to stick him with her all morning and he was just apoplectic. Wights, sir? Sounds like the Tune Weaver's and happy birthday, baby, doesn't it? What is it? Oh, this is not of all those hits. And we're going to be hearing. I'll be happy birthday, Ben. Where is my Jerry Witsner record by the way? Are you still there? Yeah. What happened to my Jerry Witsner record? Help me make it through the night with Sammy Smith. Don't drop the ball, Sammy, on the way over here. We have an open line in date, 7519463 Carl Springs. Yeah, Neil, I could see distinct impression that Witsner has changed. They made the decision that the last minute because a friend of mine with ABC Radio in New York, I called and they said they were not informed until late yesterday afternoon. Yeah, well, they weren't going to do it quite as quickly, but somebody let the can out of the bag. I guess it was me yesterday. Really? Kind of, of course, their hands so to speak. Well, I called up there to see what was going to happen to certain programs like Paul Harvey and stuff like. Yeah, where is Paul Harvey? Well, I don't, is the station in Belklaid? Do they usually carry Paul Harvey? WSWN. Yeah. Well, I was just going up and down the dial to see it. Maybe they had found a new home wide away here locally, but then I heard it. And I guess I got confused with what station it was. But this parrot cake is so good. It would make you forget all about Paul Harvey. I'm telling you. And all about WSN. Well, that's easy. But you call out to WSN. I mean, the lines are just jammed and you get a hold of some stupid receptions. You pass you along with some other stupid receptions. No, I don't. You just leave them alone. I said, over there, I just leave them alone. It's a sad day. And they go, everyone's in a staff meeting right now. They say. Yeah. And that they, she said, they're all growing holding the staff right now. If he said to me, he said, this is going to be a crazy day around here as if there it never is. And he said, we really don't know. She said, quote, we really don't know what we're doing here. Yeah, well, that's nothing new. Absolutely. At least we admit to it here. Well, I mean, it's like, I mean, you even don't have to do it. If you let the cow, the bag, you think it should make some programming decisions to what you were going to do. Well, they don't know whether they want a scream or eat a banana, okay? Well, Sandy, what did you say about Dennis Collins, don't you? No, what? You said me up on that. Yeah. Good job. Okay, well, Sandy's on channel 10 as I said earlier. Oh, no. I missed it. When I told him, he really didn't have like she could really give it. You know why? Yeah, well, she's got the boyfriend with box. She's moving out to Vegas. She bought a condo out there. What are you sicker? They're going to stick her in the desert out there in Vegas and give her a map. And she's going to have a great time and screw them. She's sick of it. And what are you sicker? And what are we care? She's boring as dog do. How did I grade day? I knew too. 1247. At Wild, dear friendly station. If you're over the age of 100, go away. We hate you like poison. We have an open line in Broward 524Wild. Are we being greased by Susan Darwin doing the water clock news by any chance? No. Oh, geez. You do such a good job. Even though you do seven or eight minutes, it's still a good job. Like I started to say, we have an opening in Broward. I think I said that. We have one more break to do which we will do right now and we'll be back, George. Right after this. Okay, 1250Wild, do we have an open line in Broward 524. Please have some caretaker. Have a have a cake. What did I say? We have one open line in Broward 5249463. We have a call allegedly from Key West. Jerry. Boy, this is done for me. Yeah. Let's bomb the garage. It's like busy room. How big check it in. Spending in from Hollywood. Oh, this is bring back those memories that's tugging at the string of my thing. God, are we taping this eye hope by pray? God, the talking going on through it. The good old woman. Straight your wig, Audrey. I got Jerry people who started the talk. How you doing, Chubby? How you doing? Okay, and where we are, the big talk show audience in the sky. And Jane and Hollywood too. Big finish. On the level. God, we got it. And this is the only place you're going to get it. Can you believe that? The unexpergated version, Sammy Smith. Carry that football like a loaf of bread. Singin' help me make it fake it through the night. Jerry, which near lives ladies in gentlemen, the only survivor. Which goes to show what I've always said, but they're going to fire your ass. Always have a 357 magnum handy. That shines a lot. Okay, let's... Now did you eat the cake already or is it like in the thing there? Isn't that incredible? Unbelievable. This carrot cake, it's moist, it is delicious, it's got that like stuff in the middle. Like cream cheese or whatever that is, it's just beyond belief. Outstanding from the unicorn village. Excuse me. So anyway, Murray and the way down or want to sell the white hats at the dolphin games at your hobby stadium. So if anybody knows who they should talk to, please call in George. The American suds will make the context through their Monday night. The big shot headhonshows up there at the stadium. Trust me. In no time at all, we'll have you sell those porters up there like crazy. Okay, Murray, have a great life. You bet cross brings. I need a lot of great. It's kind of a sad moment in all our lives, especially going back as far as I do with you kneel. WNWN, what about the one that you kneel? I just got a headcooled. The same as name game, kneel. Can you remember the same as name game? The name game? The famous name game with all the hundred people calling in and winning prizes. It says, it pays for the national. Oh yeah. I remember the battle of the talk coach that I started and they stole after I left. I sure remember the one where we're asking those embarrassing questions and somebody asked Alice who we'd like to be left on a desert island where. Woo. I bet spacey, spacey, leave her, man. Yeah. Oh yeah. I say, see, leave her, man. My first producer at WNW's news, who booked general William West Berlin president Lincoln and president Roosevelt all on my show the week that she was leaving. And we're some strange reason, none of them showed up. What about the country I really did the news? I remember. I remember. Can't drive off the street. Can you remember what you told us? The guy's name was Larry. Another Larry. I can't remember his last name. And I was most famous moments. He was the most famous moment he was doing the new news with press good Robinson one day. He was suddenly started laughing hysterically. And on the air, press good says, what's so funny? You know, press good. And he said, I just passed gas. There was another story that he was editorializing in. Something about some ruling at the Vatican. He said, the late Jesus Christ. I had that tape of you doing that. I think it was the third anniversary show on NWS. You had come in on a Sunday. I cost the first half hour on tape. But when I owe my memory bank from what I had to let go of. Do you have anything like that in your library? No, sir. Go to Christ and that's here. I learned a valuable lesson from Richard Nixon. Burnham all. Yeah, I'd love to have. Okay. I've stopped in that. Since that was probably from the well-headed because I only worked for a sub-brink over there. It's my property so we could play it on the air. Okay. And we're finally the crowning jewel. The one I loved dearly, Harley Joe. Yeah. Anybody know where Harley Joe is? I think he's in that holy roller beach in the sky. But you meant he'd be separating heaven because it away he portrayed. Reverend Charles Klein to you, sir. Okay. I believe he knew. Thanks. Why? Wild Georgia's fantastic. They're gone. Okay. Just as well. Trouble maker on a starline. You can always tell him. 1256 in Wild. I hope you haven't missed all the excitement if you've been sleeping in. Sitting in his nowhere. The traumatic day, W. snooze was forced to bite the bullet about 30, 40 hours earlier than planned because somehow it sneaked out the word got out of the bag. The cat got out of the caboose. That nasty eel put the stuff on the air. Dennis Collins was apoplectic. So instead of waiting from 430 to 5 tomorrow after him because obviously all of their calls all day today would have been, is it true? Say he's all they're making it up. And let me ask you something. If all those crotchety old people are called over there saying, it's quoting me, how is it that they're hearing it? Unless they're listening, they're having a radio accident of June Allison knows what I mean. Another radio accident in their pants. Miami Lake. Say Neil how's it going. Okay. It's a sad day isn't it? Bill, who's reading your favorite paper today? And do you know that brother Nick is bringing over 20 Soviet pigs so that they can be together with having some training. Is there going to the dolphin game on Monday? Yeah. They're going to get together to see what they can do about being able to prosecute to not. No they're coming over here to take Nick about freedom. That's what they're coming here for. So I wouldn't panic. You know another thing. Yes. How's your diet doing? Okay. Sure you're not going to spas out on us again. Not soon. Maybe in about six months. Okay. So please I could not stand to have that dick and suds on your show again. Well, let me ask you this. There's always another possibility. And she is around and she like how about Randy Martin? No. Six carter. The desert. Don't give her a man. I hate Rick or I like his hate as much as I hate our senior hall Rick you. Sock. Let me ask you a question. Oh gee. Wouldn't hold on. Now, jika calling it long distance like that. I can't believe it. He wasn't here to get the big story. But it was he was sharpened up to call it long distance and get a little shot in there before Tuesday. Don't forget next Tuesday all four hours. What timing did I lock out? Did I jump into a bucket of something or what? Tom jika. W.I.O.D. a George's busy. Hi. I'm fine for you. Sure hold on. W.I.O.D. George's busy. I don't know. How you doing? That's him. What's going on when it's on that? That's the best way up here. Meaning what? It's cost me two and a quarter because three miles. That's right. It's called a dollar a holler. I've never seen anything like it in my life. Last time I was on her customer about forty five bucks to get home for Oakland Park Boulevard. I went for a power line road. If it goes under the saw, we have to get onto the turn right. Yeah. They charge me seventy five cents. They don't tell you that they just can't get onto the turn point going that way. Right. But they won't charge me seventy five cents. So they can get another seventy five cents. They can get another seventy five cents. They can get another seventy five cents. Another fifty cents on the turn point. But when you're coming back, the light is red for the turn point. That's right. You go through the oven and think you're getting on the turn point. But I'm back on power line road. Cost me no seventy five cents. So that's forty five fifty so far not bad. Can I make a suggestion to you, sir? Because we're up against the news. Yeah. Vote for a lot in trials. What job? Well, we're doing the best weekend. Okay. Well, listen, that's going to do it. Who have we got? Is that Susan Darwin? How about Charles Darwin? How about Danny Darwin? Elaine? How about Chuck Meyer? Elaine's going out with another four hundred year old boyfriend back to the Keys again. Wow. Will that be something? Boy. Well, anyway, Elaine's got the water clock news. We'll come back with our gigantic one to two hour dick and Doug. They got the news from around the planet. They got these. They're going to prepare their big funeral for somebody. Sports talk at six o five. The fight to thing and Randy tonight. I don't listen to the one to two hour. Wouldn't be prudent at this time. Millions have converted for fun and profit. Now you two can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stritesz. We'll convert Eddie Goi for just 99.95. That's right. Listen to one of our successful graduates. For Kim, I shall learn Malahe, I shall learn. At Earl Stritesz, we'll convert anyone into a Jew. Malahe Kim, I shall learn Malahe. Translated means sorry, I must have left my wallet at home. Millions, Millahe, I shall learn Malahe, I shall learn Malahe. Translated means, Stuartis, did you make sure to give me a kosher meal? Millahe, Malahe, I shall learn Malahe. Translated means, yes Rabbi, the tech is in the mail. Yes, you two can convert into a Jew for just 99.95. That Earl Stritesz, act now and get a free yardside candle for just $10. Earl Stritesz, we'll convert any Goi for just 99.95 or more if we can. Hamlahe, how the hell is this a read backwards for Christ's sake? Well, you know what they say, Jefferson Pyle, according to Dennis Collins. We know the high road, we know the low road and nobody takes the low road better than us. That's what he says. A ledge. When I call, you are up. Okay. One way to WID, it's been a really traumatic day. We have an open line on the Starline at Stareo D and also Palm Beach. 655 WNWS. Look at this, we got the ACN tapes from Pretty Int. Excuse me, interesting stuff for tomorrow, throw it over, Ruder. Please hammer, don't hurt yourself. Ultra-trim-fast, Elm Street Mall, Menar Scum, Hall and Oatbrand, at a whole bunch of Tom Brokjog promos, James Brown, FAA, Bushapology, LSD, Birth Control, Midget, Psychic. So we're looking forward to some really heavy duty stuff. Maybe if we're going to give him the tape to them over there, they'd still be on the air. We're about that Dennis, okay. And just to show that we're really got to kick things off here, because this is where you see what Gabriel can says, like, three whole days of shows now. It's unbelievable. They owe us something like a White Hot. But anyway, that's where it all started on this show yesterday. We got our first report from one of our radio spies. That the change was imminent was going to happen tomorrow, 430 to 5 good buys. And then when we blurted it out on the air, they're holding about the funeral procession. All of a sudden you can just see the clamoring and the asking of teeth and the changing ofundies that went out over there. They must have been going nuts. Right? Let me say it again. They must have been going nuts. Right? Oh! Yeah. So anyway, this morning they made the change in case you just slip it out of the sack. And, uh, like Johnny Dark, Johnny, if you're just getting to the car, guess what? No more talk, no more Debbie, no more Alice. We're all going to the palace for lunch. Actually, the last time I had lunch with Alice, or I tell was that a place called the palace. And for a lot of day, long gone, was on the US one. And we used to talk about Alice at the palace and choose to get all been out of shape about that. He did. Anyway, it's 10 past one at Wildes. So we welcome the Jelien's, the thousands of new geriatric listeners. We love you, our seniors. What a lot of what presidents, bushes, do it all. You've seen your citizens with Medicare go out and vote for lot in trials and every democratic candidate under the sun. Okay? Just keep that in mind that Uncle Nealtodied do it both two, three times, it could be your last. And Ron, say John Junior has a fitting tribute today. And now, ladies and gentlemen, a musical tribute to W. Snoo. I'm honored. How are you doing, babe? Johnny. Uh, don't too rocky, I think. Don't too rocky, it's more like the coast. No, no chance. I think it'll be like the coast Junior on EM. Yeah. Eat your heart out, Connie. Eat this, Mayor. Come on. Eat this, Mayor. Come on. Eat this, Mayor. Come on. Eat this, Mayor. Cock, crotch. Oh, definitely a Jerry Witch Noine or a fine ever heard of this today. On my boldness. Oh, we've got a pretty good plan. Right, highland lives. Very happy to be in the coast, Snoo's room. On AMOLED, right. Was that it? Was that it? I guess that was it. Club in a chapter one at WIOD. We have an open-out. That was a great job, Ron. Excellent. Worked on it for weeks. You know what was coming? Five, two, four at WIOD and Broward. Now some straight talk for you is from our free. We love our seniors. If you're under the age of 200, we welcome you with open arms and fists. We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655, 9463. Don't forget this afternoon. We'll be inviting audience participation in the WIOD. The WIOD is funeral procession which will be held tomorrow at 4. Starting with a wake in the pocket lock. And the proceeds to WIOD, WIOD, WIOD, I see not the proceeds go. I thought we're giving them like a donation. It proceeds to WIOD with a herst listeners and well-wishers. Want that be wonderful? Uh-huh. But the timing sees off. We're going to do that. They were going to do that tomorrow afternoon in the idea that they were going to be over there. Getting lost. Now they beat us to the punch. They got out of there and they beat it. But they'll probably go ahead and do it anyway. Kill a good four hours. Let's take a call from a Fort Lauderdale. Hey Neil. Yes sir. What am I going to do when I went get hold of Jack from the beach now? Well, just to probably add WFTO and I think Jack's going to start moving north. And all these TV2s that have once we pyramid's coming back. Sunday morning on the Meg Green Show. And how about the old crystal ball from Sebastian? So why? Don't you remember the guy who did the ESP on Sandy Payton? No. Yes, thank you for the hour. But I do remember my friend from the Cock and Bull restaurant. So what was his name used to play the guitar? And he's sitting on the jury witch in the show. What was his name? Oh, you don't know? No. Oh my god, you haven't lived. Everybody used to hear him say Elvis. Elvis, you sound nothing like him at all. Elvis was incredible. Do you think that Dennis Collins was trying to overshadow the 711 banked up seat? You figured maybe that would carry more news. Nobody would ever realize that they were closing down. He's a real no one man. Yeah. And can you start Monday, huh? A week from Monday. A week from WFT else. Where do you live? No, we're not a day. No chance. You're here, man. You know where the towers are? Which way are they located? They're like on, uh, I think they're on 95, but Oakland Park Boulevard somewhere up in there. Okay, it's right. I live on any 95. I'll be right on the expressway. On the underneath 90s. How's the number? The 10 people ladies and gentlemen, if they get dire these man's Steve is going to be dangerous. Okay. Thank you. Your lady says hi. One nineteen and W.I.O.D. I can't wait to hear good old Rick Siderman spewing. What'd that be? Great. Oh, geez. God, Steve, come on. Live it up here. I didn't you learn a lesson here. Steve, are you listening to me at all, Steve? I have no life. Okay. We have an open line in date. 7519463. 751, Norm, a Kent, is God. What's the norm? Kent show start on W, uh, NWS. When I bigger, what if a new caller is going to be? W, O, L, D? Do we still have that tape by the way? That was one of Steve's favorites. Boy, it is your brings back lots of memories. I'm waxing our stalgic. We're really waxing our stalgic. Can I toss that out? W, O, L, D? That hairy chaper thing? Oh, geez. Neil, come on. Put your up a little way, uh? Let me look at the alphabetical. Could it still be in here, do you think? W, O, L, D? Oh, excuse me. Boy, that carrot cake from the unicorn village. The, but thank you so much. Oh, God, if this is what I think it is, I mean, look. Ah! W, this is more exciting than Laura's. McFaz is going to be when 60,000 people are standing on the shore. And she and those 14 Twinkies come whisking out of the water. Naked is a jabberd. We better take that break right now. Because this is so when we come back, crystal clear on C, D. Have we got it? It's right thing else good on here? Oh, this would be good. This is part of the new format over there, understand? Yeah. Lin Anderson, whatever it is. I'll thank you, Father. I never promised you a road garden. But, here's the best one. This is one of Alice's favorites. Put your thing in the hand of the man from Marbury's room. Isn't that what it is? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Put your hand in the hand of the man from the river water. Put your hand in the water. Put your hand in the water. Give it a rest, honey. Ocean on I-79. Miami, Buenos dias, Buenos Tardeis. Hello. All right, Mitch, just come down a second. Mitch Miller, ladies and gentlemen, Rochester, New York. Gonna make a big comeback. Gonna be number one half in the market. Boy, it's gonna be tough when you get up into morning life or lifeless. It's gonna be a pretty rough decision. Carl Springs. Yeah, Neo. Yes, sir. As the name fills the sharing about. Fill the share off from the cock and ball restaurants. Yes, sir. The jury, weats new show. I want ice-lice. Thank you, pal. What a guy, huh? What a mammary. As they say at Hooters. By the way, we got Hooters girls coming out to our thing in Miramar to make the achieves a little more binding. This Sunday from noon to two. Take the river from my hand. And tie it around your head. Take a loose. That's a part of what she says, shake it loose. I just, I lose it. I just go nuts when she says that. 1, 33. The good Lord will have me. That's part of what he'd say. The good Lord will have me. And that like a phony kind of Yahoo-Eah-haw junction way. Oh, God. That did it for me. Silver bird by Mark Lindsey with a pony tail. Oh, man. We don't have time for that. As matter of fact, I ain't got time anymore by the glass bottle. Would be appropriate wouldn't? This is one of those that the Reniri has to do with it. This is one of those that the Reniri has to play four times a week. I think. Right, buggering? Garden of turn just off and speak to friends passing by. Garden of turn. Oh, here's a good one for the new format. Are you listening, Dennis? Are you writing these down? Can't be all bad. And for the right price, we'll even loan you. We got all the CDs right over here. I knew a man would jangle anything for you. In one hour, should we invite Johnny Doc in to say the nitty gritty dirt fan five straight times boy? That license would be right on the line even our plumbing not never saw a jeopardy like that. It's one thirty four. Here's a call. Should we do the mobile and coral springs? Hello. Dale. Yes, sir. I'm in Boca now. Been holding for the long. Well, listen, well, get to when you get to say it Augustine. Boy, this is dangerous, man. Holdin' on this phone driving around and listening all that terminal music. Yeah? You know, I don't know what the heck's going to happen. What happened yesterday? Guys called in and he said they were changing format on Friday and having a good by party. You know, well, I had to move it up a little because we let their cats out of the bag. So they had to move it up a little to avoid any further embarrassment. So to speak. Yeah. And then all in on the head. Yeah. And then all of a sudden I hear you guys write the promotion. You know, welcoming all of these listeners who've never listened to my IOD before. Well, that's boy Dorian. You're a great guy. You're a great guy. We already been through that. We don't want any part of them. That's boy Gary. We are just as sociators ourselves as usual for many of that crap from middle-level management. It's just another bonehead idea. That is keep playing your old put stuff in all of us. When you run that spot, you know, an all-year old park, you know, maybe they'll turn off. Huts is the operative word. You're right. See ya. Talk to you later. One thirty five is what you want. Yeah. Yeah, my Royce. I'll think it's you know, ways burn and noise. There is no cause for concern as you have. I am Royne. I am Royne. I am Royne. I'll pump up and hear it say it. I am Royne. It doesn't help to me because I'm Royne. I am Royne. I am Royne. I am Royne. If you walk and you can't smile and have Royne. If it hurts when you make files, then you have a him Royne. I am Royne. Alright, Dennis. Just relax. 140, 20 till 2 a WIOD a day that will live in the anals of broadcast history. Forever they're going to put it in the time capsule. They're going to stick Dennis in the Smithsonian Institute. Not a broadcasting just the Institute. Don't forget this Sunday, noon to two, fat rich. And he vet and yours truly and the Hooters girls look out. And the Hooters boys maybe. No one to two at the International Food and Fun Festival in Miramar. We're going to have bumper stickers and pictures and a bunch of crap. And let me look at the map because the directions that the vet gave me. I wouldn't give them my dog. It's on Miramar Parkway just west of 441. And the exact address is South West 68th Avenue in South West 34th Street. Perry Park coming from Plantation south on University to Miramar Parkway. Make a left on Miramar Parkway to 68th Avenue. Make a right on 68th Avenue and Perry Park will be on your right. And if you're not coming from Plantation, the subs will give you directions. Okay, 19 till 2. Well, I'm sorry, but I did certain things. You know me, I get obsessed like certain cards. For example, this one I got all carried away. And once in a while, the piece of music does it. Take the ribbon from my head. Six years every night I put up with this crap all. With a silver gun and a hoaxieman trail out of the gray ghost in the purple way. Like the shadows all gone. Say it isn't so, dear. Come on. Come on. Okay, 142. Let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hi, I'm Goneo. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's a Steven mixed Rochmotelle. And what? Bc Rochmotelle? Bc Rochmotelle? Yeah. Bc Jail. Yeah. How's it going? Great. How's things on the inside, Steven? Oh, really bad. It's like I'm going to be here for so long. Would you do this with your stop sign? No, no, I can't talk about that. That's okay. We'll discuss it. Okay, I'm going to talk about the problem. Anyway, I have an idea of the call letters for WNWF. Yes, sir. How about WLAM, as in LAM? Right. Well, who would notice? Yeah. No one would really notice. WOLFF? Right. Exactly. Oh, I got a nose to pick with you. Do you have a nose to pick? Yeah. This is not the micryenary shoes. Or a market stand 12 points by the white yes sir. All right, wouldn't affect me. I can't even deal in any of them. Yeah. You always talk about all these great restaurants, you know, like Ruth's, Chris, and I've never met her and everything. It's torture for us guys and the BCJL because all we school lunch from hell. It's a great torture. All right, starting tomorrow, we're going to give the lunch menus for all the schools. Oh, great. Okay. Okay. Question, who'll write a moron's going to be fantastic? All right. They told my business a while some Monday. My attorney told me I'm going to be here for at least another 10 months because I got a new deposition that everything. Huh. That's great. What I'm going to use to it. You'll get the ladle in. Can I call somebody to do a spasher? Yeah. I like the famous repeating or a douchebag six pack. Good luck to you Steve. Okay. Thank you. You'll need it. Alright, see him. 143 at WIOD. Oh, God. Under which this son is going to stop by, it's just the one that's 82 feet tall and worse for the, worse for the Hollywood polis or the entrumble. What are they doing up there in Orlando, England? They're taking a new show. There's a Loushan. Why are they doing up there in Orlando, England? There's a Loushan. There's a Loushan. 144 at WIOD. My amy. My amy. Hello. Come on. Speak to us, Debbie. You can do it. Oh, she fell over on the instrument. Okay. Let's get the wrecking crew over there. Okay. With a ball and chain. I put that on hold and so as they get her tilted up an ear will pull it out from underneath her. Sally at the same problem last week. North Miami. Oh, I knew. Okay. I'm going to be brought here by Felvin. Uh-huh. Come there. You want to hear the new pig reports sound effect? What is it sound like? I'll just a second. Let me find it here. You're ready? I'm putting my teeth in. Go ahead. Oh, it's a Darth Vader pig report. Uh-huh. Felvin. Up in the day, I was an Arnold throw cat for virgin and went to a white hot. Or something. The sound like what he does, isn't it? Yeah. 145. That news for you. What do you know? You and Harvey from Miami Beach, formerly Harvey of Kendall. There's a few of those chronics. Are they lost? Now, are they of tourists? Are they in big trouble? They got no alternative. They got nowhere to go. Until Steve comes on a week from Monday on FTL in the afternoon. Who can't be heard except for like four toast pop up toasters? That must be what that toaster was that they had in here day. Maybe they're planning another one of their little cute things and Marvin up to FTL. To sit on 95 a week from Monday so we can pick it up and we can like rebroadcast it on the Year with the urine lady and Rick's side of it. Man, I can't wait. We have another break to do, right? Okay, just checking. Key West. Neil. Yes sir. Sometimes. I feel. Ow, listen to the radio. This past me, by. I want to see someone down the fantasy set. To the fantasy, fat. Let the food job, baby. Well, I don't know, but he had Margaret Kent on the other day looking for the man of your dream. And he was all excited. Okay, listen, he's getting paid off to the next July sir. Hey Neil. Yes. When are you coming down to a seat? To keep you at? Yes. Don't hold your breath. I am. Okay. They listen. The, what? I just want to say, that is a disrespect. Okay. 146. I'd double do you want to do? No more that douchebag stuff. No more that grotesque. We're going to clean up our act because now we have to be where we've been. You've got to depend on us. We're in. We're all you have left. We have to have a little more class. On the radio. All those big bankers and doctors and lawyers. All those big hot shots. All the people that work in the centrist bill that excuse me. We shouldn't say that. We used to be the centrist building. They've got nowhere else to go to get an education. He heard a little bit of class and intellect on their radio. 148. That's what you want to do. We hear just a couple more bars. Come on. On compact this. Man, if you'd have kept that wig on just another week or two, you could have had a 90's hair. Take the ribbon from my hair. Ha ha ha ha. Take a look. And let it fall. Ha ha ha. Then so against your skin. Oh, where's my whole human trip? That the shadows all warm. Come and lay down like a sign. You're the early morning I. 148. Wiod and will be right back to your journey after this. You're the early morning. You're the early morning. She was very pretty. I was lying in my bed watching late night tea. When all came this old bed and she started to do the clap thing. I'm going to really clapping. A face was really crabbin. But something made me happy when the bags he did the clap thing. Clap thing. I'm dying on the hair. What do the lights down low? That back to watch the show. And then what if you know I started to do the clap thing? Clap on, clap thing. Clap on, clap thing. Clap on, clap thing. Clap on. Why is all this thing? My body is this. It was all that I could take when that bag she did the clap thing. Clap on, clap thing. Clap on, clap on, clap thing. Clap on, zoom it was all over. So I had to clean it up. Now I've been all my nicest wing for the bag who can't get up. She's falling in that. Clap and thing. And I hope she can't get up. She's falling in that glass. Now I'm going to clap it up. I'm dying on the hair. Take the rhythm from my hand. What a job. Nice job, Doc. Shake it loose. Okay, I'm sorry. I'm emotional. It's just so many mixed emotions and memories. Halandale. Neil. You have a minute to embrace my boss. He really hanged my head. Why is one out last night? I've been for twenty bucks. He had him up for a few bucks to go by. How we, you know, drink it and stuff. He goes out. He comes home with offer goals. You really tie one on. And now he's got fifty dollars in a lot. Now he's freaking out. He thinks he's, you know, her honey's poop feed a boot. You know, he can't believe it. How to get fifty bucks when she was broke. Who bought her the drinks? Yeah. I don't get it. You expect, I didn't listen my-