and wio Okay, like I start to say We could be eating by 1115 and we've put our cards right I think today is a great day for a win-on-o party don't you big party gigantic win and Murray gets to get on the stick boys. We're gonna really do it out big today We're gonna just eat till we die right on here today, right? Because it's bogus nobody is even in a parking lot. You notice next door also a channel 7 and must be out of busman's holiday Sally went out to recharge your batteries everybody is out of town everybody's taking a busman's holiday. This is all make believe between now and next Wednesday It's all just filling. It's all like punishment. I've never seen everybody's playing hooky. They read their on vacation or goofing off or here And we're not too happy about it to be honest with him We don't want to do formal hours. I'm Godfather three because then Steve and Rippus again. It was terminal terminal Yeah, how big is it baby? That's his whole new thing now over there. You know, I said that I wasn't gonna talk about them, but it's so embarrassing I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about his whole new thing now is to see how many times it can use the word penis on here That's the whole deal over there In fact, that's gonna be when they make the change They're gonna have a like what's gonna look like a mushroom. I guess Is gonna be the new logo Correcty. I'm gonna be called all penis radio and quite frankly with the staff there putting together I think they got a hell of a head start. I can say that anyway. That's my opinion. I'm my Disney. It's 1007 I W I was gonna play a thing there at the beginning. I was kind of twing between a whole bunch of things today Because I was thinking to play in the whole rack today and tomorrow and on Monday Tuesday's New Year's day We got off Tuesday. What are we doing on Tuesday? We got ball games, right lots of ball games Tomorrow night of course the blockbuster ball were waiting in anticipation of the guy coming by with a 300 bucks today For Camilla sauce for those two great club seats and the preferred parking pass the Jeff Cohen from PizzaLoft of donated yesterday What a guy and Our total as of this moment. We don't have any mail in yet today. Is there anybody up front anybody in the building doing anything worthwhile I'll just kind of wandering around And where's my check by the way? Let's make sure I get that real early, okay? Just in case I think goes wrong But our total as of yesterday and it's still the same today because we don't have any mail Nobody's really doing much of anything ninety two thousand or is all that activity on there by the way? Was that all bogus? Oh, yeah. Oh, that's interesting. You notice how about two weeks ago. We got a lot of interesting stuff going on there Must be just a coincidence ninety two thousand six hundred and seventy dollars for Camilla sounds on Real And we got to make sure a bunch of mail coming in today if we ever get it sorted out if the post office ever gets off their dead Ask I mean Christmas is over guys, okay, that's generally the big excuse Christmas holiday rush And we've got tons of mail. It's always daylight the dollar short and it's all over But I have a feeling they're probably screwing off two over there to post office So we should be well definitely will go overnight. Three thousand. Did they one way or the other make no mistake about that If we fall a little short, George will take care of that but no problem you promised me Also we are in limbo can't he Tobin and our Luspi as sales department is checking it out seeing who's being naughty and nice on that Call the remote for a week from tomorrow Kind of like putting the finishing Touches on that aren't we make sure for it's gonna happen and how it's gonna happen and all of that So kind of like lay back on it till we fight out exactly what's going on George went out so I'll movey last night. I don't want to mention it again because then Oh, is it that's like oh geez, I forgot about it. I'll be damned. I can't believe it. I forgot It's okay. It wasn't on There was wasn't on the feed There's no not planning this week. I didn't they didn't say on the feed last week there was no not planning this week But I got up. I put it on it was nothing there. I said if I had gotten up that early and I'd turn it on to say in fact I tuned in on the satellite it tuned in channel last night thinking that I was going to get up this morning to watch And I forgot all about it So it wasn't there and I thought why are you here? So I was going to get died and there's a movie on I get it. We get pre-empted so many damn times you How about you? Damn There was nothing there Probably have to go out and watch Godfather 3 again tonight Yeah, I think I might do that I would see it. Oh, you haven't seen it all Well, we don't want to talk about it because it's terminal and we did four hours on it yesterday We're going to get our rule around instead and see you think Yeah It was great meeting you See if Andy Garcia measures up to expectations So it's not on It's not on As soon as I saw that on the screen here I saw that you were on there. I thought oh boy, I screwed up again didn't do my homework So we can't ruin it for anybody else that we won the movie Next week Did you notice that the unmentsy to the movie broke all the all-time box office records for a single day? I mean, it is terminal talk about it because nobody cares about that They much rather hear about how big Steve's a thing You know, but God, I can't believe it Yeah So people are aligning up. It's worth it. You'll enjoy it Even George enjoyed it and he's pretty critical. He's a Mr. Critic, but he liked it a lot I don't like it. You got my interest at yesterday He also said that Sofia, Mary, Corleon, Sofia, a copaline He said that her nose looks like Mount Rushmore with the sixth earthquake on it I mean, it's so big that it looks like it's broken in six places But it's a bigger than very manor You mean her nose? Yeah Have a great day and let me know how you like it Okay And the movie too See you The not-slanding movie saves us from further embarrassment The show is not tonight Well, that's okay. We'll get by another week with our papeters in some way It's 11 after 10 at WIOD And we're kind of like torn between a rock and a hard place Because it's a bogus day everybody knows that Everybody's just kind of screwing off Kind of nice though this week coming to a traffic is very light I let the house almost nine o'clock this morning And I was here. Is that possible? Yeah, I let the house about the six-seven minutes tonight I was here before 930 in credible There's no but there's not a dog out there man It's great Oh, speaking of traffic last night Jim Bohan and this go in and for King Which is the only reason I would ever punch it up And they had some boring guy on there talking about driving and driver safety And about teaching driver aid and young drivers And they were going through all this crap about the insurance companies statistics And they say that young women teenage women and young women are the best drivers That is such a pile of crap I have never heard anything so ridiculous Am I right? They are terrified and stupid when it comes to driving As you need to be allowed in a car Okay, let me do the break and then I'll talk about that for just a minute There's a reason for those statistics, okay In order reminds me of it's like the crime statistics for Las Vegas And they always say all boy there's the percent of private all the others Way up there Vegas got a lot of crime The statistics in Vegas are related to the permanent population which is very small So it seems like they have a lot of crime per capita But the fact is when you when you factor in the millions of tourists who are there every year All year long the Ractual crime rate is incredibly low, it's almost nil So you can do anything with statistics Anyway, you don't need any statistics because it looks like the movie's going to make a lot of money After the movie's over, they can get the same plastic surgeon that worked on Mark Hamill I was just thinking about that because they had to think from star horse Mark Hamill of course was an at horrible accident in a Corvette I think wasn't it? He drove a vet in a brutal accident and they paced it them all together again And he's like he looks like he was 15 years old again, okay It's cute Actually he's about 86 now nobody realizes that But they like kind of like Dave Johnson plastic surgery So if they could do that with Sofia There may be a chance They could put her nose where her the good bird cheeks where her chin is supposed to be and her nose where the mundo on shine And her lips behind her they could tuck it behind her your neck or something Man, she is gruesome Anyways, 1018 a WIOD Let's take a call or two here and just see which way the wind is going to blow today Here's Papadou, whoops, Papadou beach Neil Yes sir I thought the Godfather is going to stay and I miss you Oh, you were not going to do that again, are we? I don't care Let's do another four hours just to piss Steve off There's just one question I have, well actually a couple I noticed in the previews there were some scenes that weren't in the movie The fact a lot of them, did you notice this? Yeah You know like we're the cousin, uh, spit in the guy's hand So Dave heard Dave Horstwell got upset about that And he had to cut it out in the soft Florida And where are you? Why do you ever see Dave Horstwell and Jackie Mason together? Well he's going to be playing at the sunrise Yeah, I think it's right bro He's an idiot, okay go ahead and Dave too By the way, you see Jackie Mason is paying for the ball dropping in time square I knew you're seeing these pan for it Just what we need Yeah But when Michael says that everybody in this room The ball the drug dealers in the film were dropped that I'd be the only one like it Right Right The scene outside the house were, uh, what took us in? Vincent Vincent I said, uh, what until you have me do? Stay away from my daughter, never said that He says it inside Uh, the scene But anyway, let's not pseudo intellectualize this, did you like it or not? I liked that thought it was pretty good, especially the ending part I thought that was, that was probably the best, best part of the whole movie Yeah And uh, the last scene you mean? Uh, not the last scene, but just be thought of it Oh yeah, I was a cheering for that You know, I thought it was a great climax So to speak More love, yeah And in clothing, I just like to call all the people at CRC price douchebag Okay, well I'm glad you enjoyed it, sir Okay, great American See, how do you like that? That probably talk about it for weeks to come It's the happening of the century But it's terminal, terminal How big is it, Steve? Twenty after ten at WIOD Let me give those numbers out, I'll know we got some calls And I always line five still broken Man, I'm going to do four hours one day pretty soon I'm going to be on Larry and Nixon and those figures at Southern Bill I understand it's the holidays But this is supposed to be a goddamn radio station And we're supposed to be doing a damn talk show here Okay, and we have a sick line in Broward Listen You hear it? That's all it ever comes on there It's broken, it's been broken for now Tomorrow from what I understand Because I was a wind vacation I was plunging my brains in Vegas I was just trying to make sure that I'm ready Tomorrow will be two weeks to the day That it's been broken So how are we doing? How do we make out? Is it a go? No, go or no? Under consideration, I'm going to consider this Okay, 21 after ten We're still working at thing out with call They're basically, they don't know what they're doing Over there, we all know that There's an open line in Palm Beach 6559463 655 WIOD And of course we got line five in Broward Prank it up, open at pot Two weeks it's been like a long time Two weeks it's been like that, it's sick It's screwed up, it's broke And you people over at Southern Bell are sitting on your dead ass While we're pan through the nose to the hose for gigantic phone bills And the service we're getting I wouldn't wish on anybody I wouldn't wish this service on Mike Miller Okay, that's how bad it is That's really saying something Alright, 1022, I'm WIOD I wouldn't wish it on Paul Lyle I wouldn't wish it on Joey Reynolds And Bill Marshall, how do you like that? Let's do a break By Oden, I never finished what I started to say about the driving thing See those statistics are bogus Because stop and think about it When a young guy, when a teenage guy at his girlfriend Are in a car together Who does the driving? 99% of the time, guy does When a young couple Mary Are going somewhere In fact, a couple of any age for that matter But we're talking about young drivers When young couples are going somewhere Who does the driving? The guy does, again 99% of the time So the amount of miles driven by young males So far exceeds the amount of miles driven by young women Naturally they're going to be far more accidents, etc Young women, especially in this town I don't want to get into an ethnic thing But there are young women, George, I'm sorry But man, they don't know what they're all doing They're terrified, they're confused They just, they're either going so slow That they're not even moving or they're going so fast That they don't, they have no control or just laws They just put it the accelerated of the floor and pray And hold on real tight to the wheel too And basically that's what you got I mean, and I'll grant you young guys Speed no question about it They want to drive fast Lot of them are drinking like crazy They're doing drugs and stuff like that They're out there having a good time Many bad dangerous drivers But in terms of handling a car Being able to drive Tell me that young women drive better than young men You're full of crap And of a discussion I think that's the debate 1027, let's go to Halandale Hello Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. I haven't seen Godfather 3 yet Because I haven't seen 2 And I've been going to block clusters to rent it And forget it because it's not available But I want to thank you Don't you have, don't you have cable? I have cable but I admit that when it was on HBO Oh, well, I mean, it was on everywhere Godfather 1 and 2 The week before this thing came out They were just just drowning you with it Just to get everybody prepared Just to exploit it I've seen one, I put the good news I got a friend of mine He drives a truck for public Greg Lazzengan He's going to let me He has both on tape He's bringing the work today So I'm going to watch a both tonight Both? Yeah both of us Because I want to fight It was in 1974 when I watched part 1 So I need to brush up on it Yeah So luckily he's got both copies And he told me that if I lose the copies I'm going to be swimming with the fish He was a look at Brots Yeah, they're all the fish Well, that's alright If you notice it got by the three in the aquarium There's only one big gigantic puffed up goldfish in there Looks kind of like Maria's nose Yeah And that's it, so there's plenty of room in the tank Yeah, it looks like I got a question for it Because I'm curious I used to go to Pompon O'Park all the time And they set up quarter-horse rating out there Yeah What happened to that? Allegedly, it's coming back This summer is something I hope not, I hope you never come back You don't like quarter-horse I mean, they run like from where I'm sitting to the wall here It's just ridiculous If you always think I don't like the puffed up They come out of a gate and they bump into each other And knock each other down And it just, I don't, I can't handle it The only thing I don't like about it is I don't know if I want to know until the photo comes out Because usually all 10 horse balls Exactly, yeah, they're running like three feet Yeah, so you don't, you can't tell if you want or not You can't But at least you've got a chance anyway Yeah, now you said your next real road Is that called? Well, I wouldn't get that, that's what we've been saying all along But now today we find that there are a few glitches We're trying to get that ironed out Find it exactly what we're going to be doing there Which of course are Our people never get these things straight now to head at time But we're working on it and I'll let you know Yeah, hey, listen, before we hang up, I want to call my Canadian next door Dooshpag because they stole my money, Harold this morning Okay, so They're a dooshpag Paul Able Dooshpag See you, pal Okay, thanks, Paul Able 1029 and WIOD Also, today are they drawing Drawing today at Papeno Park For Sunday, let's see, it's Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday So I should be able to tell you by the end of the day Today, whether Christmas list is going to be running this weekend That's our WIOD, these stable horseed pomponos Been doing very well, he's raised three times, got two wins And a second Under our ownership and under Bill Faze, excellent Handing Bill of Courses gone off to the metal lands Where he's one of the top drivers in the country And I have a feeling that Joe Pavia, Jr Who at the moment I think Joe is leading up Percented driver, Papeno is going to be driving Christmas Let's see Okay, it's 1030, let's go to Evan Ture, hello I'm Neil I was listening to Rick and Soji yesterday, and this came full of rodent And now it was worth the traffic And they were talking about Johnny Dipp and how They saw him when I was in the show And how So wooden, then he was a wall full And he was just in that What? Johnny Dipp is wooden I'm not happy to break on You had him on We had him on Zader for almost four hours one morning And the wee hours in the morning he was great He got a great sense of humor We had a blast And he was talking about how we slept in the car Yeah I mean it was a joke Not to mention how good he looks too when he gets all that See that Edward's sizzer hands I keep seeing the previews Everybody keeps raving about it I don't want to see Johnny Dipp with all that schmutz All over me, you know, with the pretty crueger hands I want to see him like naked I think he's not a mile But anyway, you should really enlighten Rick and Soji Because they were knocking him thing He was just that he was Oh, well, let me ask you that where did they see him? On Occinius Well, what is that tattoo? What are they doing watching our scenario? Is that a dead giveaway? No, forget about stay uplay But it's not a dead giveaway Anybody who watches that show I mean he's help That's the brand That guy is a lot Hey listen, don't play me for the sins of my friend That's what the godfather is Okay But you should really tell them how great he is Anytime they knock Johnny Dipp And they're going to have to have me to answer for I'll tell you that right now I'll send Luca Brotsky over Rick Bradley I'll tell you that right now If he doesn't repent for that crap I just wish I'd take that show Johnny Dipp is great He was hysterical Yeah Really was Okay, have a nice holiday You too Yeah, my Boy Rick Oh, speaking of Rick and Soji I got a book, you know We get all these stupid books in the mail From these publishers, I want you to bring me off the run And the shield and I'm going to give him an interview To help him sell a book And I was going to throw this out But now I thought about it The name of the book is Children of Paradise Successful parenting for prosperous families So I wrote for SUDDS on a top of it for the SUDDS father And I'll save that for him Making a big bucks right Surprise SUDDS We got a pig report our first day Think of the week on a starline Hello Yeah Okay Happy holidays And the same to you sir I was just real quick because you're on 95 Just passing the Hollywood actress They got a couple of this stuff Go ahead and wink away Just cut back from the earth last night Yeah, how was it? Brutal Brutal Yeah Yeah Let me tell you, Christmas Eve Drop down to the teens Did you see on where was it somewhere up in New York? They had that big shoot out of the movie theater One kid got killed in their own name Looking to the TV We were watching something on TV And broke in a special report That's a valley stream was it? Yeah, people They said just the shooting started a machine gun Like a paw I haven't seen the movie You're going to see the movie You're going to find each other A married couple got hit in the hat in the back You can't even go to the show on Christmas Day Pretty rough, huh? That's New York Yeah, well, you know why they're all down here sir Happy birthday Happy birthday Happy New York That's a nail take it easy 1033 at WIOD We're kind of fumbling our way along I was going to play the whole rack today And I'm going to make everybody happy But I think we'll get some calls today Yeah Thanks, sir Let's do about two months on this Okay, let's really milk it Okay, 1033 we got an open line in Palm Beach 655, 9463, 655 WIOD Of course we got the hurricanes playing in the tosses in Texas In Dallas for the cotton bowl on Tuesday Joseph Gackie this morning reporting the weather was brutal Freezing snowing going to be in the 20s Horrible Good luck to him, okay We'll see if there really is tough as they pretend to be on Tuesday And of course tomorrow night we got the Penn State And Florida State And Michigan State and Westminster State And all the states are going to be in the Blackpusty Bullock Joravi Stadium And of course we got the orange bowl coming up on New Year And we got Notre Dame in Colorado And I see a lot of people who have Colorado loses For a variety of reasons First of all the fact that they stole that game with that bogus So with that extra 5 down I don't care Because I mean college sports is so corrupt anyway What difference does it make if you win with it? You know what they didn't do What the officials screwed up So they took it And wouldn't anybody else you bet So work I'm going to be rooting so hard Against Notre Dame In fact if any of the Notre Dame people are in town already I'm sure they must be right Lou Holses here Oh man How about a loan Lou? I lost my wallet Lou I need a couple of hundred A Lou Holses here in all the Notre Dame fans from South Bend And I want to tell you this There's probably a lot of fine young people at Notre Dame University I maybe three or four We thank you people suck Okay We despise everything that you are We can't stand you We hate you like poison But we hope you have a good time Don't we? We hate them Oh God Notre Dame is just a little bit And just a whole ambiance of the university Lou Holses There's sports team In fact when they basketball team lost What was it? Seven in a row I think Here recently Man I was in my glory No wonder I won in Vegas That was right one I were losing all those games God the wife is Hate Dispise Notre Dame Like poison They're okay 1035 Wiod will be right back Little Laura and continuity is getting married On Saturday we've been trying to talk a lot about a year Scotch Swords who looks like Maria In the godfather three on a bad day When I got a better nose But anyway they're getting married on Saturday They're tying the knot So an honor of Laura who's one of our favorite people So 2011 and Wiod Here's what year is this? This is the 78th It's a 73 Lousy writing on your money Beats senior high Yearbook And here on the junior varsity basketball team Is a real slumpy looking Andy Garcia Boy who the hell was his barber? Look at him And here he is with his ball I would have ball out on the basketball court And he will not hear he is again Right there Wow Put your clothes back on Andy People are starting to talk What else is he in? He's on a baseball Skip firm Look at that What he was fat Before he lost all the weight How he should perell How he? How he? I can't believe you ever looked at Good That what the hell happened He must have run into a brick wall Or something I can't believe this This is 1973 The Miami beat senior high yearbook Look at all the superstars in here Steve Lerner Another hurricane star You didn't even realize that See? Boy I haven't even gone through this yet Look at all these people Look Are you in here? T-shirt bobbs in here where you But he's ashamed to show us at this point Look at these amazing Look in people How can I go through it? I guarantee I would not mind to keep No How about if I hang out with for a couple of days? Yeah So this Look at these amazing I wonder if some of these people are listening right now Wouldn't that be something like Andrea Katz Or Howard Keller Here's Helen Keller Marcy Kaplan Look at that Wouldn't that be something If there's anybody out there from the class of 73 of B. Chai Good luck to you One of them ugly class two by the way Man Well he was class is he in here Or he would he might be Well let's look up for Andy Garcia Who's now a big star Or make it a molotsomone on this show I'll tell you that Okay So he was like a junior right Here's the junior class He's not in the picture why not? It didn't show up that day It didn't show up that day was busy You're making somebody an offer they couldn't refuse Look at this guy Man Steve Garfield Steve you look more like president Garfield on a bad day That's incredible Okay 1043 a W.O.D. Andy Garcia of course Who was in the unmentioned number We're not talking about that today Because we don't want to get the big hot new staff over their upset Because it's turmoil It's turmoil Let's talk about how big it is I've lucky an acorn I would say Some people just don't measure up Take it from somebody who knows Somebody is learned the hard way Okay, we have an open line in the star line Star I O.D. Let's try Fort Lauderdale Hi, you don't Very good As far as Steve goes remember what you said See a balance watch on who's Paul potatoes Yeah in every respect Not only potatoes But talking about it I never forget that day that he came in Remember that I told you that story about how he did the challenge thing And who will take the most close off And he made sure he got the card so he could strip down naked With everybody in the Roman I'm going to tell you I mean acorn would be a compliment Another thing is don't forget about Jamie, Jamie, might you do this to me There's one of the better What do you mean forget about it How could I forget about it? I mentioned it yesterday What? When you see on data the two priests in the barn There's long days to think Oh yeah I would all men brothers They're a family man Great One of my favorite records I haven't here As a matter of fact That's here Okay, I'll dig for All right, one other thing I'm going up the journey is We can do it I don't trust Why not? I'm going to listen to Don I miss Oh, I like I miss Yeah They're both good Too bad they're out of the same time You're the best nobody Have a great life Take care of you Okay, check in the mail We have an open line in Bradford That deadline really That bugs me Because you know how I am with a phone And it like effectively blocks out one desperate person Every moment it was to be unbroward There isn't open line there now Man, and there's not 655 Wiod and Palm Beach Where Mike Miller rules of course On the big 1230 Let's go to a mobile on the thing I'm lost Mobile it but that's because you keep jumping He's around here You're in there hot kind of China for a lot of mail Hey, Neil Yeah, I'm right outside the city And here Yeah, I can't get you to the grass So I think I'm going back to the point What are you going to run on it or smoke it? We're going to do everything with it Okay Dr. Leonard Neill Oh, pretty weak today 1045 There's an opening in Dave How about Wayne Murray? How are they doing? How's Puelly doing? Oh, Puelly Once he hit no more Like I said There's an open line in Dave County 751 And look at the fact Rich just happened to Lottel in here Too is not a great way It's paid day We need Rich to go get my check To make it an offer They can't refuse down in the county And of course it just happened by coincidence That Wayne Arnold is on a way With just tons and tons and gums A fatening fool But we know that's not why Rich is here It's Thursday Hollywood Yeah, Neil The morning look I got a French lady inspired for it I'm over here young circle They're all converting together Yeah, better you than us That's our we have a big billboard Art of hand tradition There were two our friends in Hollywood And Helen Dale They're bringing you They're ripping my ass They're ripping my kiss because They're all going the wrong way around young They're all going the wrong way around And I got a Suzuki Hollywood police And Chase number the But we're going to have to one day try and find these people They're going to kill somebody Neil I'm having trouble Helen, the Canadians are playing great hockey It's time to go back home, okay? Well I like to make police like can't tell We're struggling I know we're struggling I don't know I will say that We'll play a little bit more We'll get a hurricane, yeah I like the only other thing I wanted to do Remember the first guy I just can't remember one point Why don't want to get Steve upset Because every one of us We've got a four-rich life What would we do without entertainer Maybe Well he thought it was terminal And of course it really hurt me It wounded me to the quick I couldn't find him What would you find? Who? The painter, the same difference Flarrying Okay But the thing I wanted to say is Remember the first one When we were making the big back guy's name Comment on the law Climbers of Richard Castellano Did Right Right Now I remember Too many canolees That's what I was just going to say Wasn't either one that was in the car And they shot the guy in there Leave the gun Take the canole Right Right Wasn't there It wasn't the only guy He was also sitting in the back seat When they took Carlota Vegas Remembered to be your port Yeah So I didn't make it out of the driveway Who is the one? Yeah right I wonder if he was related to Lee's Garrett Who is the one with Uh Was it B-dance? The one with the football style And he had long enough both sides He was in a dog day Afternoon without the team Or over the guy to help the bank He was right That was Fredo Was it the same? Fredo That was his dog day afternoon He was his partner The Indian or whatever the hell he was forced to Yeah Remember he was he coming running out of the bank Got a good attic Addicadican Yeah That's right I knew I seen him somewhere But of course you do understand That since you mentioned dog day afternoon The lie that made Al Pacino the star that he is today Don't you What's that? I'm dying out of the air I got a better one and I'm dying over here What's that? They're ripping my kisks out over here Okay good luck to you Take care now Stick him in the desert Stick him in Quebec and don't give him a map Anyway it's 1048 at WIOD Your kisks outwe got high school pictures of Andy Garcia here Well some of you for the right price Boy he was uh Kind of like nerdy What name kind of like nothing too excitable I'll say that We have it open in the final Get excited It's got a treasure nice guy Oh you knew him Oh really? T-shirt five All of a sudden he's dredging back now He wants in on the action a little bit here Yeah, low me fifty million dollars right Now we understand Dicking up Don't bring Mickey work Please me don't don't undo all the good work that you've done for us Felicia is here right trainer at the Calder and California course and doing real great Anyway you want to do real great on a deal on a great new 91 We don't worry about the guys in the tuxedo is they're going to be put in intensive care pretty soon Okay because they look like they're dying over there Get down to Toyota of Hollywood And Al Goldstein comes through as usual We have a whole box of those Al for sure of T-shirts Look at those those are incredible I don't think about Al man He's not a BS artist When he says he's going to do something he does it Look at that Chirions of those black ones The white ones and the x-rated ones Let's go to Miami Hello The dosa is a real good Sunday Yeah you know what they look like better than you Okay That was a Bart Simpson Junior Grow up kid get up the phone you jackass We have an overline in date county 751 and one on the starline star iod We'd like to talk to people at least over the age of four on the show Okay kid South Miami Good morning to you how you doing I don't know if you're aware of this but Sunny depth is in date to a woman right Right I know that How you do If somebody called yesterday was giving us the story behind the story about why Coval is daughter wound up in the role but how went on the writer had a nervous breakdown Johnny depth came and took her out of there and took her back to California to air her brain out or something And whatever is going on I hear her brain out with her scissor hands Right exactly I got a solution for the semi Smith problem I think we make a member of the colonial family And for every yage he loses he just said closer to that That ocean But that block in his back With what But it's a block time to his back Oh yeah They can swim with a fish is exactly Wherever yage loses he just stepped close Well I got news for if that's the case he's already like in a rouba Have a great day pal Are we picking on semi again? You bet your sweet answer we are ten fifty four a wio do there's an open line of day We got some great t-shirts we got the I follow and I can't get up And I'm so horny cotton ball t-shirts And the al gold steam we got all kinds of good stuff too bad We don't have a place to go to do something and give it away right Well we may be doing that thing next Friday or not as the case may be And if KT ever gets to those people organized over there will find out We don't know what's going on As usual because you see ordinarily you know how to organize this place Well during the holidays I was just saying to fat rich during the break I mean we this place comes to a screeching halt the wheels of progress are like in neutral And going nowhere fast Mobile and Hollywood They know how you're doing okay To see the paint for the only spec sixty thousand to the top of the game again Sixty thousand pretty that if that pretty week pretty lame Go all you pseudo doffman fans you're a bunch of assholes Exactly I couldn't have said it better And that little kid I hope the raiders get their ass kicked Oh, is he the reader fan that sounds like that little punk. Oh man. I hope that boat Jackson falls on his head He's a jackass. Okay. Later. Very well said 1055. What is this? Something fattening in this box I can now Can already tell what is it? Oh, this isn't canola is it? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I can tell already the card says Uh, oh, it's an Italian no less. Oh, it's an Italian I'm opening up the box. Huh? The other side? Love the show yesterday so fee oh boy. Yeah, right. Oh, this is this is from the couple of family. Uh-huh Right. Thanks so for you. Maybe this is what made her nose broke. Maybe you got broke it on a canoli And there's some of the most beautiful looking canolies in here. Uh-huh. Eli Walla can Sofia. Yeah, well, they didn't make it through the movie So I guess I made that make it. Thank you very much by the way. We're gonna have fair richy two of these first and Connie is coming in here to taste the first one Give it a little lick. Thanks a lot. Look at those. There's a half a dozen of the most beautiful looking canolies Wait till you see these and these are Christmas canolies. They've got like the green and red Little sprinkles on there. Those are beautiful. Well, that'll be great for dessert after we have 45 pounds of Wayne Arnold. Huh? Yeah, see what I'm trying to do is have like a little diabetic stroke on the ear like Michael a work for him in the movie And when he came back he was better than ever right is here turn black again. He was speaking well. Like our riddle that frog and his throat. He looked great I might just take a little lick of the end of this like Connie in the movie. Do you know she didn't need a baby? It's like a little us luck. That's all Hmm, I love canoli. And you remember what Clemens has said leave the gun bring the canoli I'm dying out of the hair Hollywood Uh, when no writer didn't have a nurse break down. She collapsed from exhaustion Well, let's not what our source said yesterday. Well, your source was incorrect. Okay. She was doing like her for the movies at the same time Yeah, well too much work and that's why Johnny Depp took her to hell out of there. She said let's get out of here and go do something All right. Can I say one word about anybody that rips Johnny Depp is on my list. I'll tell you that right now. Can I say Johnny Depp is God I'm talking to nobody here. Can I see you can say whatever you want? Can I say one word about Miss Copila? A 10. Oh, what? A 10. I'm a scale of 2000 on the scale of 10. He is hot. I don't even need to read. Oh, just the cheeks and the lips that's on the head. Yeah, we got you lips right here, proud. Get him off of their real fans. I can't believe it. And you know something that he's serious. That's the sad part. Wow. I mean, I've seen ugly before, but she and when that broad on the CBS morning news said yesterday morning that she was a lovely Italian girl. Oh, man. Even the Pope was throwing canolees around. He was having a fit. What he heard that just before he had his evening tea. But, man, can you believe that? One thing of anybody out there is diabetic. I be sure to visit the Vatican. They got tons of orange juice. And he'd have Brian's been hanging out there. They got tons and tons of orange juice. If you start going into like a little hypo, the Santa Catech, no problem to bring out like trays. But there we go again, see? Talking about that movie again, we sure don't want to bore those folks over there with their exciting penis envy or whatever they do. Hmm. Maybe Steve can come over here and measure it up against this canole. No chance. I think you're already beaten pal. I know I am. I'll bet don't take much. Anyway, it's 10.59. We have an open line in, uh, Broward will really do it at today, which surprises me. As we're in limbo and we admit it, we're just, um, we're just killing time till nice Wednesday. They'll love the second of January. Then we get serious and really start screwing around. Okay, speaking of that, the one they only, the lovely Chuck Meyer is Danny Viwe, the 11 o'clock Wio DNews. Then we'll come back at 11.05 and see what more damage we can do. Dan Glass, vice president of SBK Records, is going to be here. Shilling is product on the Rick and Sudshow it too. The email drivers, no survivors. Now is that on a, on a, on a rotor harness reason? Well, uh, before we bring up say. We got a big problem out there on 95 right now. Yeah. I don't know if you noticed with this blockbuster bowl is the Omega Moosistress from FSU or down in mass. Ooh. Trash it out there. Put them together with a French Canadians. Yeah. All of the French Canadians wouldn't say they're any girls because even the women are all the French Canadians over 100. They won't let them out. They won't give them a visa unless they're over 100 to get out. Yeah. Chronic Sandy, is she called you? She called yesterday. Is she called today yet? I could picture her. Yeah, I was checking on that. I could picture her right now. And the highway would have flown in one ear and put on a mass scare with the other. She don't call from a car phone. I don't think. That's the anotslanding lady. Okay. Get your player straightened out sir. Get your scorecard all over straightened out. Have a great one. Great. Okay. He's a lost. 1108 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Palm Beach line. Oh, he was on the Palm Beach line. I explained that 655-9463. The canolees were great. See, I didn't get that right away. And the card it said, what I do with the card. Very cute. I feel a little like Eli Wallock. It said from Sophia and Eli. Meaning Eli Wallock and Sophia. Copala. But you have to see the movie because you have to see the scene where Eli Wallock is watching the opera, eating the canolees. Which I think is kind of tacky to be honest. With it, he was basically a tacky guy. And for exactly a deserved everything he got. Man, he was putrid. Kendall. Hello. Kendall's gone. Okay, Kendall died. I'm dying over here. Which means we have an open line in date. 751. Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. So I'm calling because I want a second the emotion of a collar that you had yesterday who was telling you about good fellas. Yeah. Go see it. Rocea, where? Well, or try and rent it. I know it's time to rent it. I'm trying to rent it. Where? I'm going to have to get fat rich to give me a bootleg copy of that. You will work your effort. From a friend who's got the football tickets. Excellent film. And a big mouth. I haven't seen Guyfather 3 yet, but I'm just waiting for the line to go down a little bit. But I strongly strongly suggest that you were trying to get a whole of a copy. And see good fellas. It was great. Okay. You're going to love it. And how Goldie rules. Thanks. Bye. That's Sheriff Aldi, you pal. Yeah. If anybody's got a copy of good fellows, a boy, counterfeit, bogus, illegal or illegal or whatever. Some of us have one. Right? You bet. Get that guy to give me a copy of it and stop. Screw keeps promising he's going to bring me all these movies. And how only does during the game anyways, bitch and kevach? He's nerd. We have an open line in Broward 524 and one in Palm Beach, 655 always. Not the school teacher. That's for sure. I wonder where I'm sitting on Sunday at the game. I got to look at those two tickets at the game. I think they're like a nosebleed heaven. We did for Waterdale. How about Miami? Hello. Neil, how are you doing? Okay. How are you doing? Hey, I'm going fine. Well, that's great. Everybody's doing somebody. Neil. Yeah. They're going to have brilliant in one day. How you like that? Yeah. What the guy's probably made those. Well, it's terminal. You know, terminal. Hey, but still, you know, it was good. Yeah. I wanted to tell you about Part 2. This isn't Lou from FIU, is it? No, no. Okay. There was a part that made me cry at the end. When he's sitting under an opatio, you know, on the backyard. And he goes back and he starts remembering when, when it's only, when it's only broke out of a rease, he went to the house, you know. I'll introduce Carlos to his sister and, you know, he started talking. And he told him that he was going through the war because he was in the surface country and he's in that, you know. You know, you know, come on. Yeah. You get to know how he came from being a family guy to be a killer, you know, an assassin. Yeah. Well, I brought it here to my eye when the movie ended too, because there was this real great old guy sitting next to me. And we were, and I had to get up and leave. And I was very upset. What is it? Neil. And all the punk kids did, they don't understand what the guy finds out about, you know, who? All the punk kids. Yeah. I had their two busy with Madonna and her arm, but it's saying, yeah, yeah. What the hell do they know about real life? How about this? To see. Neil. Yeah. This one went, when while I'm blind, we're talking to both, when I say it, remember? The guy there's the guitar guy at home. Hey, you. Steve. What I was able to do is to take a picture. You know what I'm doing with my friend. When you want to go to a village, you stay. You know, if I didn't get to your home, you didn't go. My wife was the boss, you said, I got you thought I was a girl. Steve. Steve. Do you can only be friends? You know, you got to be a slip over the stitches. I want to stay cremated over the glommar, Steve. You ready to act together? Are you a slip over the stitches? 20 years ago, for a vera acting, it's a 12-minute chapter 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in date, 751. What in, uh, Palm Beach, 655 and what I'm, the Starline? At Star. I don't know. Okay. Well, we don't want to overdo this, because there's going to be a lot of people really upset and agitated. Are they? I'm dying over here. Good. Okay. Let's do a little break. We'll be right back. Like I said, let's do a little break. Warren hit me. If you have a sports session anywhere, boy, hey, when Renery goes on vacation, we have nothing in the other day. We finally got a sports phase. That from today or like at least this week. That's from today. Because I was going to pick a horse and call her. I don't want to disappoint Phil again. Look at that. Look at the quality of print on that. Oh, that's the Louis Holtz picture. No wonder it's all faded out. It's a little conspiracy because we hate you like poison, Louis, we wish you'd go back. Okay. And quit immediately if not sooner. All right. Let's buy the entries if we can for call. Where the hell are they? Oh, here they are. Let's see what we got today. Post times in an hour and 14 minutes. We got, um, bunch of crap in the first race. Oh, I'm at probably running today. One of my all time favorite horses in the second race with our buddy Mike Gonzalez. I'm at probably in the second race. Phil, you got it. Somebody passed the message along to him over there. Okay. Tell Phil, um, I'm dying over here. And we'll see if we get that on today. Okay. 11, 16. We're still waiting for the mail. We're still waiting for Wayne Arnold. What time are they coming today? Say. But an hour from when I said it, well, I was 10.05. It's now 11.17. We're not in a big rush. South Miami, hello. Hey. Yeah. What about Cornish Mark in the third? Who? Cornish Mark. Cornish Mark? Kind of a name is that. I don't know. It looks interesting. I'll tell you. No, not really. Listen, have you seen Sheriff Nick lately? No. He's looking real mouthy. Uh-huh. It's real mouthy like he's an organic. A man in the internet. Mm-hmm. Like he betrayed alcohol fees. Sit on him. Yeah. Sit on this. Okay, I would not have to say, but killed about 40 seconds. It's 11.17. We have two open lines. Both in date county, 75.1, 9.46. 3.75.1. Mickey McNickle is God. And if you believe that, you'll be, You'll be almost anything. Here's a mobile from Tampa. What the hell is that? Hello? Hello? You're in Tampa? Yeah. Come on. I'm serious. Give me a break. We're looking for some salad in Tampa. Yeah, why do you haven't found any yet? I can tell you that What about him? Yeah, I see them around Where were you calling from sir? Actually, I'm I'm on the way to Orlando now. Coconut Creek Coconut Creek must be up there by windmower. Man, you people do they are so boring that it's an I'm embarrassed for you Come on. I'm serious. I do they had a call in to the morning on local station on the local station You know what local local what's that FLA? Oh yeah, I got a hundred Bob Lancid or like I said they haven't found any talent that market yet We ran him right out of town. He didn't last long. Yeah, you didn't last long. All the way to Chicago But they had to sell their name Lionel now Man, the worst the end the only guy worse than Lionel is that guy in the weekend his name I can never remember who just the lines and Rick something around it. Tell me the truth. What kind of numbers does he really have? Who? Lionel how do I know you think we get the Tampa book who the help cares about numbers in Tampa? That's like getting a book from a mockery who the help cares? The Mickey Mouse town sir. Well, I wish we had some alike you really yeah good luck You have a great life 11 19 is Wio do we have an open line in date County or start to pick up a little momentum Right, so yeah sound like it. Let's try my Annie. Hello. Hey. Are you doing okay? All right. I want you to think school about those things Hey university up to date of a norm what was it? Case he is a case. I'll tell you that and we try to get an interview with him from your later Yeah, if you probably almost successful graduate only did a sender in big a fight Can color glossy himself and a bunch of school magazines Well, what's wrong with that? Right, I'm trying to give you a message. He don't give a damn about case. That's what he's not it all in a nice way Yeah, that's true Look, I funny I heard sort of kind of mentioned send majors. I left time I was down here WINZ So I would go with foster You just on there and like I just heard some quite so you play very good stuff And I first fan also has some really good production work. I was wondering whatever happened back at you mean stand was still all my material Stand was on this tasting. I screwed over it up screwed over battery. What is it? And the filming in on this stuff come up from this area. Where you from? From New York. How it's done territory. Oh, boy How are you talking to get a haircut? Will you please? He's all right in fact if you ever seen Howard Stearns knowers together with the Sofia Coppola same thing same nose I think they got the same thing Stand a lot on air you keep asking me that. I keep trying to tell you and you keep ramping on and on and on when you listen Put a put a lid on it for just a second or send Bernie gets to your house. Okay, just relax Stand was on this station when Can left here and went to New York. Would you know how that wound up? Stand was on here and they gave him about like two months and no chance at all then they put him on at night And they did the same thing and they put all these volumes on and then they brought in this douchebag Randy Martin and put her on and it saw history stands on the beach The programming is one Not the matter there The powers that they series gone he's not working. That's what I'm trying to tell you do you want me to draw you a map? Like a valley straight stream or wherever that is Stand had some good cards Good right well we're still planning Then stop keep his memory alive have a great life sir boy talk about confusion 21 after 11 a wio do we have an open line at Broward all lines in data open 751 I had a feeling it was gonna be this way from the beginning and probably if we locked out it would have been and then we did just play it all those great cards If this guy's talking about and I'd have to continue with people try to pretend they have something to say who really don't it's 1122 Where is the food and we'll be right back In the morning I'm dying over here. Thank you Heather 1126 while we're playing that because we got a lot of idiots out there listening today More so than usual now what did the guy give he came by and picked up his tickets for the blockbuster We'll think you have going from pizza loft again for that and Look at this oh man look what just came in the mail Work in the sales Department of W. News after I left recently found these relics while throwing out some old files shocking These are the old oh man look at that look at how fat I was there. I must have weighed 800 pounds in that picture Isn't that it and there's Alice look at her boy? She looks like she's ready to float away any second and surely Surely tweeters who's changed the name and doing more that pseudo-indulactual a garbage that she's famous for barber's study Oh, I just love the Jewish people do I just love them to this and wishner look at that look at that Plus he must have been about 90 in that picture and I was taking 10 years ago Look at that wig man. It's like sharp truss in this picture and it's in black and white, but you can tell Wow Arbitron just rated W News dating browards leading a M station boy how the mighty a fall and huh or is he your on this January 24th 1983 that fortunately was my last year at W News boy some of us know when to get the hell out Look at that picture There's only one superstar in soft Florida talk radio. He's dynamic eloquent him controversial his name The arages his program the highest rated in the market no one can match me Or what it comes to explaining the pros and cons of an issue And no one can match kneels ability to bring listeners to their feet Whether they agree with what he says or are outraged by his comments Neil Rogers with 15 years of talk radio spirits unmatched by any other Some Florida talk master. How do you like that here? Neil excite an audience Monday through Friday 8 PM to midnight Sundays from 10 to 2 and it works six days and those you in those years in those days What a pile of crap For peanuts too. Let's do the mobile and poppin. Oh, hello Yes, the the guy father of course Godfather 3 do you think it is kept around too much? No, they all skip to them. How about Godfather 2 that's kept all over the floor? Yeah, yeah, but this this one here Especially at the very end at the very very end Yeah, well, that's obviously you know sometime later like about 10 minutes later I know but you know that that goes very far forward from the time that That we last are there and typically on the steps and then we go to that last last last scene right Well, now what do you think they move forward 20 years? All right, well, maybe a fiber 10 and we are to conclude or did you conclude that that was that that was Michael He means there's a question about it. The course it was him. Well, yeah, but and do we conclude that he died at that point? Oh, sir, no, they're looking I'm begging you go back and see it again I will yesterday I waited and so until you gave the review and then yesterday I go I want ready And I'm like the third guy in the place. I mean, you know, I missed a lot of things in there too That were very obvious that I'm embarrassed about but I mean you got to go back and see it again of course It's yeah, that's the end What has that got to do with the rest of the story? Does it show that he died at a poor man or that he just said everything even though he got him obelary and All these wonderful things happened everything was without his daughter. He was desperate and he just died He was like a vegetable. I mean, here he was sick to begin with don't you understand it look like he was in like some kind of a home or something somewhere Like who knows where he was like out out on the ranch, you know, and it was it Well, that was just a lot of it home. It's literally that's what that place. Right. That's what I'm saying He was just like you know a vegetable veggie from boca Well, it uh posty it again. I'm telling by far. Oh, definitely but my fire was uh it was uh it was great. All the way through Well, it was a strange ending. I'll grant you that and now that we've ruined it for everybody listening and they'll still go out Exactly They've everybody is listening just like myself and probably you are gonna have to go back and see it just to make sure that we saw the stuff that we really So how do we that we've got to make sure that Francis gets enough money to get the Plastic surgery for Sophia really that That's now did you hear the guy who called in earlier and said that she was a 10 on a scale of 10 You need an option. I think it was Ray Charles. I could call her on Hey, guy, he goes from the steps you're under school of a meal that's moving every day. No question Magosia to get in the let me know. I will okay. Thank you. Wow. I thought I was confused Maybe it was uh maybe that was Connie at the end with a bad hairdo It's 1130 we have an open line on the storyline that star um confused star iod how does the food come in by the way huh and Look at that just as see I always know to come up with that line and every time I say it I see Marie in the hallway man. It works like magic. It has never failed Every time I say how is the food coming way in and Marie come right around the corner with two gigantic boxes of stuff Look at that Now what's the rich gonna eat that's all for me isn't it? I'm just an eating mood today. I'll tell you I would eat almost anything And we got look at the beautiful cannoli's that's they brought us by today. Look at those and those great Marie looks like he'd like one. Do I want one of those? Huh? Did you see the movie? Oh you did see the movie. How'd you like it? Wayne loved it and if Wayne hard like it you uh better say you like it or he's gonna cut off your um white hot Okay, let's go to a Miami hello Okay Alex Rampel he was on speech show yesterday As a deadly he had said that he is the longest in a way you get personal And make the Cost of attacks at him he said that if he is you do he is going to let the quote The Elijah out of the uh back oh boy I'm terrified I can yeah, I was really terrified for you. Yeah. I mean what a whim you know You know he just can't take it now. I can't and that's why I did not already say that before that He just can't play the game that he's so he's so childish about it and takes everything so Personal Beaker a child like Michael said it's business and this man is taking it personal I saw any said that I play on seeing the movie tonight. Yeah, also Spireboard from store table Reumer has it that they are real close to sighting with the channel How ever I'll not hold you my breath from a store well I would be great when it It would be but again I am not holding my breath and you know till I actually turn on the TV said Nice these works channel. I ain't gonna believe it. Yeah, actually I heard off to that How about continental There are separate entity and you get up with the old with content Torx Get it no change the worst the absolute worst Get better luck with that little little little little bit Little cable is worse than southern bail than that's sandal line We're not on the way anywhere store Okay, thanks. Well, I guess I've been putting my place here. Thanks for the message. Go proud. See you 1133 how we make it out on at the big business deal. It's under consideration That's on the consider row this one right here the one in the middle Anyway 27 they'll do only have an open line in date county 751 alices god 751 Wild In fact, look at that picture of Alice wow Oh boy Anyway, you want a great deal on a quality Wild Well, now everybody's happy we're digging in the food anybody in the building once he we got some good stuff here from Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle At 125 and Northwest 7th Avenue and We think Wayne and Marie let's see what do we got 2040 60 more is a 175 is that it or is there more that's it? 175 Well, does this include the 320 Well, no, I think it was there one in here for 300 or when I imagine anything so was so that includes it Are we getting a little disorganized here or what yeah, it's in there Well, no, that's from Huh Let's find that's from temple juda As event still got the 320 From the other guys that separate from this or did she give him the check find out because I don't want to screw up the whole total Okay, we're trying to do this fairly legitimate I mean when you take it into smud don't get all choked up now What 147 excuse us folks were busy 93,745 and there may be another what she's got it or is it in here You give it to you Well, what the homo zad is that this 300 So that includes it all right that's our total as of right now 97 a 93,000 that is in there 93,000 so here please take these because rich is screwing us all up 93,745 we took them out of the envelope so don't blame me for it But we're trying to do things organized and he comes in here all he wants to do is just open up the mail So we can read all the notes and read my mail But here's lovely Wendy Bennett from the coast get your music straightened out over there when you Wendy good you people give them a road map Give a road map to a fleet with you where they're all all over the road again now you guys were right on target and you're lost You don't know what the whether you're a Fisher foul Sounds pretty foul to me lately. Okay. Here's a call from poppin. Oh hello Great Talk about two things You don't need one an oly in there you're gonna get your hands smack to say that you can have one did George take one No take one Take one there's three of them in there take one don't argue with me take it Wendy cut the crap Yeah, I'm sorry go ahead. Okay. I heard a lot yesterday about good fellas that you had finally think changed your mind about Well, I haven't changed my mind about anything. I just didn't know what it was okay Yeah, it's a great with a great film That all nobody told you it is still playing in local theaters really it's playing up in Boker the shadow of 12 Well, I'm not going to bulk it to see good fellas. Well, you know, it's just worth it It's worth the trip. I think it's a really good movie But another thing that bothered me yesterday got about the right before the 11 o'clock hour called in and and complained about Plato's acting in the first two film Oh, what an idiot. I know absolutely John Cassalli's an excellent actor was and He said I think he meant he met a comment about well you haven't seen him in anything since Well, of course John Cassalli was married to Merrill Streep in the early 70s and he died of cancer Somebody mentioned that yesterday. Oh, I didn't hear that. I'm sorry. You know that Three way you don't take a chance and go see good fellas up at the in Boker is really worth going to see in a big screen I think it's only in Boker well, I only taste I thought I was looking for it for you in the in the papers Not couldn't find any other place the shadow would but that's a pretty good mall Cinema they have one 70 millimeters screen. I don't have to stay in show on that particular word Where is it it's right the corner of grade and for 41 That's a ways up there. I can go off the software Yeah, you can do it the saw grass and just try to four four one and then it's right off at Round the north east corner. Okay, that's worth Have you ever need a thank you tea? Bye 1143 a WIDW. We have it. Now is the horse running Sunday? How come I don't have is it in here Sometimes All right, don't see it Oh, yeah Sunday night Christmas list But it doesn't say what race he's in or who's racing against come on. Let's get that information over here Alan let's get on a stick over there at pop at O park and get that stuff over here They do this morning at 9 or 10 o'clock and we're sitting here with a piece of crappy copy from stop line advertising in our hand Okay, get that draw over here You know this time of the year is frustrating because everybody's like in a fog They don't want to do anything they're like on some kind of a damn busman's holiday Wonder who stole that TV by the way from our newsroom It's 1144 at WIO do we have an open line and Broward County get 45 guesses in the first 44 don't come by the way Can I borrow your car after lunch George? Hall Harvey Jr. Hey, how you doing? I can't believe it listen you remember when you're Used to push your friend remember what when you were a kid not can't remember that long and you push your face up against the window pane and Distorted and get it all smushy. Oh Like last week. That's Sophia. I was looking in my neighbor's window That's Sophia anybody that thinks she is beautiful. Oh, I heard that caller oh guys are just putting us on I'll tell you what nobody's that stupid There was a couple problems I had with a movie and and tell me if you agree or not with the casting Okay, you had Sophia You had Eli right you heard Hamilton there were three bad Bad numbers Who was the other one George? And then before and then there was another one there was one other one the guy that plays father our Guido Sarducci You know the character father our Guido Sarducci and yeah, you know comedy he was in the movie the art vision No, no, no, no, he was a even the minor character. He had probably Five minutes. He was really in it. He was in it. No get out. You're crazy Now, well there are a couple things you missed and that was one okay whatever you see was not in it that's father We know he was in it. There's nothing anybody with an orange head, you know you got to listen to what the No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, he would that guy with that guy was that actor was in the movie Okay, he sounded exactly like he did his father art work Yeah, when you see the game you'll pick it up all right, okay, and the other thing too that I'm surprised nobody's sitting Anything about what was the Dom the retired Dom it's just leave that everybody loved Don Tomacino Thomas you know Thomas you know that he was the one that was shot in the car right Well, didn't anybody pick it up that at the end? Michael looked exactly like him wearing the same sweater He didn't love you maybe a hundred pounds less He looked a lot like no, he did not he was wearing that time of seeing how it had a big snows almost like Sophia What the how movie did you? Oh, we talked we don't start do-cheap Oh, we talk about what does he laugh in I don't know she's gonna be doing already Johnson jokes the guy that we shot in the car Tomacino not that like Michael Corleona right Michael was a shriveled up a little gray-haired man and with the sunglasses and It looked nothing like that time to see it was a big fat blob of a guy who looked like I don't want to say what anyway He looked up to him. He said that everybody loved him And sister when you wanted to be like that he wanted to be loved Right and at the end he's wearing that same packing off your sweater Let me say something new you're from the bill cost with school of movie watching You're trying to intellectualize and read all these things and just watch it and absorb it and enjoy it See it again a second time and pick up the things that you miss but don't try to read all of this Say well as an every day You'll be fine and symbolism on Sophia's nose for a while. I'm like grandma that was really pissed off She's never seen can always with candy to apricots on the end That really pissed her off. You know to say that's all Connie did we just suck on the apricots She's not dummy He knew too. Do you notice he knew yeah, he knew he said here you're so skinny you have some first There you go. Why do you like liquor like a little thing off the end of a day? All of a sudden he and around. I don't think so. I don't know about that about the canoli I think that's why she was so sirly how much mercury you think Sophia has in her mouth Good day good day 1147 a W. I would do we have two open lines in brow. We have a major crisis in broward because the middle one is screwed up 5249463 524 Wild. Well we're coming around now the food is here. We're kind of like chopping into it And the food to and we're having a great time You like to eat you want to go out to some of the best restaurants in town than you ought to have I feel sorry for excuse me 153 a Wild DC Thomas howl is gonna be our special guest in the water clock hour and a describing what thing the word finger food really means Remember the the hit your lecture hour the finger in a fries Okay, we have an open line in broward 524 and one on the starline stario d will go to candle hello Another the godfather. Yeah, let's look at the terminal The godfather. Okay. What do you got for us sir? Well just imagine it's lay it on us just poor kids It's gonna be born who's the son our daughter of such Coleman With the buck teeth in the hair that looks like kind of oriental gray hair Yeah, but if they ever make bring Archie back to TV to be in there for the child ever figure out who who it is Yeah, okay Hi, sir and from Steve 153 a Wild do we have an open line in Broward and one in days 751 and day five two four In Broward Miami Oh, Neil. Yes, you're just a godfather and testestation now we don't to talk about things that are terminal We're talking about how long it is listen. I haven't seen the movie let me ask you a question Excuse me. What happened to Michael two children Anthony and the little girl Is that they told about that the movie? What do you mean what happened to that's what we're talking about sir? Have you been? That's who it is Maria. I mean Mary Coralione is the daughter that Sophia Coppola Coppola Whatever the hell is name is and Anthony is the opera singer. They're like the center of the world But I thought that Mary was Mary the one that was it was baptized Right, okay. I thought that that was Connie daughter That was Connie's baby. Don't you remember he was the he said I can't kill you study because I mean Chlor because I'm the godfather your baby. I can't kill your husband You meant you're missing the point He as the baby so fear Coralione was Connie's daughter okay. She got baptized in a church while he was doing mobile right I really other guy, but in this movie she plays Mary Coralione which is his daughter. Oh, okay I didn't know we don't Connie okay, we have gone off to Long Island somewhere. We don't know where the hell they are They're in the fur business or so. I don't know what they're doing. They're not in it. Okay. They're gone Okay, I didn't know nothing about them. I thought that Sofia was was because still the Connie daughter. No They try Michael wishes that but When you see her I think the the previous of I haven't seen the movie But when you see the movie I mean the previous are nothing Well when you really get a look at that post up close And when you play though and when you exactly when you think about these guys who've been calling in these real I mean you talk about death I've been listening about how she's a 10 on a scale She may be a 10 on a scale of 4 billion but that's about as good as I'm gonna give her okay I mean she has if there's an uglier person than Italy than her I haven't seen it, okay? She I mean even Don Thomas. You know was a beauty compared to her. I mean she is growth test Was it I was the guy that call in the other day and told you Richard caught these names right? Thank you. She I mean what other thing I also found out that good fellows is playing in In the now I dropped the air we just found out play pine island at stay road 84. That's closer. Yeah Okay, listen to your thanks a lot have a good. Alright, bye. I love 50 six a W I would Come on and have some food here and maybe you can give me my check-to when you're finished We have an open line of date County 7519463 751 while you forgot, but you know this I didn't Boynton beach hello Yeah, yeah, I don't care boy I would seem got all that three, but good fellows is dynamite. That's what they're all saying Oh man, so are you very touched? Well, I'm gonna go see it through this weekend and we can kill four hours with it on Monday It's a bit terminal I'm got all the doubt but that was hot I mean Perfect the openaries do just sets the stage for you it's incredible I may have a type of in the Palm Beach post year But in the ninth race today we have spirit of finer Oh sure, is that yeah, it's just a fire of fire, right? Yeah Who's been drooping? Well listen he's about 86 years old. What's out you want? Where are you drooping to if you're still running at that age? Well, I'm gonna have to spread him more for these hours Are you ready for a while? What how about else magic do spag and big joy are they in there? I sure text all the Joe text all the Joe there's another old one. Sir sir's Chris Sandy I like on the trouble but they're up and point in when they were naked. Okay, well, we'll see you what happens with a pillow Okay, okay, good luck you're probably you'll need it 1157 a Wild we have an open line in date 751 and one in beautiful Palm Beach County man the home of the free in the land of Mike Miller at 6559463 655 W i Not in there W i I'm dying over here. Oh, D Let's go to a cross-brings Hello yeah You sound like it yeah you betting on the old gray mirror Okay, don't lose too much money Wow, you know who that is too, don't you know those little can by the way next time we do a remote and those little kids stand up on the Protein like that and you let him do it. We're gonna beat you with a two by four rich See some people in the beginning they're okay, and then they start pushing too much and that was a nice family at that one Spectrum out there okay, we had some fun with them and all of a sudden the two little bratty's not a former met now pirate fan kids All of a sudden they want to be stars they're up there on the stage and they're uh Yeah, bye bye bye bye bye bye, and they don't shut up and they're like a couple of little wise kids I need to be beaten with a goddamn two by four okay Need to have the crap beaten out of those little kids and knock some sense into and they're teaching them a little bit of respect Pirates my ass okay kid We have an open line in date County 751 said brim is gone 751 Wild and one in Palm Beach 655 George Bella's God 655 9463 boy by about the middle of the August all these Nationally East fans are gonna be crying in there a mulsions. I'll tell you that When the cubs are four five games ahead coasting on in Like I said when they're nine ten games ahead Anyway, the lovely Elaine Ed tour who can eat a meal with a vest of them and maybe someday she will she's standing by with our new WS she don't eat I'm sorry she don't eat she wants to be like another Karen Carpenter believe me she got a good start She's got the in of course some What's your name? Our new newsletter I can't can never remember her name definitely Brownfield Stephanie makes up for Now if you put the two of them together and you like Split the line right down the middle Anyway like I started to say will be back at 12.05 that we got Dan glass device Hey Stephanie I love people who can eat a good meal, okay vice president of SBK records will be on with Rick and Spud and then Anyway, it's that time again our number three. It's a great what the hell day is it Wednesday through day? I have no idea, but it is payday. You know that she ran back downstairs with a food what? Him Where's my check? How come fat witches getting calls were not getting any? We're in trouble now. We got two open lines in date Boy, there's a good canoly some 751 in day we got the Sterline open at Steriline. I know but it's Steriline in Palm Beach 6559463 655 WID we would have An open line in Brower that we invite you to call on but unfortunately it's broke Miami Neil yes, sir. I saw the movie on Wednesday and I thought it was great Well thank God for a man with good taste. It wasn't as good as the first tool like you've been saying but I I think it was a good movie right One thing you had a caller a little want to go that mentioned that father we don't start duty within the movie. Yeah, I think he was are you serial Don't get I missed that well he wasn't wearing his guard, you know He didn't have the glasses and he didn't have them up that He was the guy dressed in a dark suit that introduced Michael's daughter when they were presenting the hundred million dollar check oh we're early in the movie right He was like the master of ceremony. I'll be dead. Well see if Sofia was in the scene. I probably wasn't I was trying to look the other way Yeah, I know what you mean Yeah, wait the fellow that called yesterday don't spend it all in one place He didn't say he was erotic he said ready He got it yeah, you had a caller Yes, really morning before the noon hour and He said that he was exotic. Yes, he's about as exotic as a lizard in Okad Chobie well, you know, that's pretty subjective I don't I listen usually is but in her case. I don't think there's much room for argument You know, she choose a she is a pretty bad actress If you can call her that she may not look good, but she sure can't ask that's right What's got an influential father working. There you go One final note when Connie a that's because only a little peep that's a zolli because only his pizza can only can only Sorry about that how come she didn't get poisoned Which did you have a woman? He just like give a little a tongue on the end of the thing there that's all she did You need to be conscious tell me Well, yeah, but I mean what was he thinking about if he thought she ate some of it he must he was hungry. What can I tell you? You're acting like he did you to been hungry too He ate the whole box. I guess yeah Well, it was a good way to go anyway, wasn't it? Yeah, it was great I just like I'm gonna do here. I think one more these will put me in the same condition Okay, I'm out of material. Leave have a great life. Bye bye 1209 and Wild 2 open lines are both in beautiful date county 751 flick 751 Wild is inflict this David Neil yeah, happy holidays and the same to you. Okay. I want to you're laughing mode about the cassette Yeah, all right, and it was good Okay, but there's no way to get the other ones the older ones no And fifth All right, and last thing I heard damn majors up to me time by me at the day. Where is he now? At home. Did it hit locally in his house locally? Yeah, okay? No, no chance of him coming back Come on back where well, I mean how about for Megan side 30 and Sunday he ain't coming back on this station You can go to the bank on that Well, Megan she just fondraced my gun she was on I couldn't believe it. I forgot to mention that she was on channel 4 one day last week on the news And on and on I mean you talk about her self promoting bitch. She just embarrassing And it just never stops oh god. Well, I'll leave with that though. That's true. I wish you would though But don't roll over with your CD. That's all I can tell you Last thing last thing is how about Joey? We're in the L.T. He's doing Saturday nights at Waxy. Okay. Wow. Okay. That's true Fill in you. That's no I just made it up. Well, that's good enough. Thank you sir. Okay, but what is what a guy? What a life talk about having no life God almighty I give me answers in the Oh just make that up. No he's working that does anybody hurt him as he's still on over there Who the hell knows and obviously nobody cares either? What open line in date 75 one two and Broward five two four Wild and well now this time What we're gonna do to the break is I that he has been on that phone. I'm telling you Marvin is on vacation for two weeks And this man is just filling in the breach. He has been out of phone endlessly since I sat down here at 10 o'clock last time I go to take a break. He's like don't bother me. I'm busy with Marvin's calls over you. Okay. Let's do a break and we'll be right back To never have two awards been spoken then Wow, I one point during the break we were down to like one call now we got three but that's really no The night tell you we should have just played the ranc today and I come through this my list exercise today tomorrow and Monday Hopeless. This is a limbo time Miami Beach Neil yeah I got something here. I think we should talk about here. Okay Then we poured a flea's paper down Miami The organize crime is Link to uh there's no such thing is organized We know that thing is the mafia the mob organized crime It's all a figment of the county people meeting it is imagination That's as thing as a mafia not such thing but if anyway They got the school buses in New York and And the Contractors and law enforcement officials So they told the time no less that union in fluent By suspected organized crime figures control the cost of hiring practices at many of the bus companies employed by the city Yeah, one company that transports Disabled children and Brooklyn One by a mafia Hitman a can't believe they report this kind of yeah, they were putting olive oil in the crankcase. I couldn't believe it Yeah, it's just uh, you know, it's unbelievable This kind of stuff is uh, it gives a bad name to a good time people No, I mean yeah Could be put up to Okay, be though. Okay. See if Kizollis Call 16 at WIOD now we got two calls on at board at this point. I think it'd be a good time to start playing the cards I mean you people are just hopeless today. Hopeless We'll see the reason the guy's the way I'm gonna stop the music stuff reason I got disconnected Because I answered it because you're in a fog you're like you should be in London, okay? You should be like in London. WIOD George is daising Those things Hold on WIOD George is on vacation WIOD Hello, okay up yours. Okay now what was it? Neil yeah Listen in the movie On a credit to the end it said Nicholas Cage Was he in that movie? I mean I thought a picture. I don't remember the Nicholas Cage Nicholas Cage who knows that You know it's the guy to play Peggy Sue and they in a played in an Arizona Well if he was in Peggy Sue that was There was a bit huh yeah it was Nicholas Cage But that was Francis Ford's movie wasn't that Peggy Sue got married? Yeah, right yeah so he's don't understand the guys in an epithes and my mean a guy probably Really hard He probably he probably brought the canolees or something He just walked me to the walk through Yeah, because I know Yeah, just look it up in the dictionary. I see her picture Neil's here picture All right, man. All I got this is me is would be a compliment for Have a great life Well of 17 in WIOD They mean you know like the guy said before a lot of things are subjective you can think somebody is beautiful somebody else's there ugly Somebody but in her case there's no room for debate. Okay. It's a closed argument believe me It's an open and shut case and I think they should have done her face Miami Are you doing that great damn she is ugly oh John Unized the size of the state of Delaware. I could look so let's shape like Delaware She fell off the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way when you're no Was this big enough it can be broken in 17 different places that's incredible you know you talk and are we facing between Can we talk baseball for such we can talk about whatever the hell you people want because we're in Lala land served this is strictly an exercise I've heard you mentioned George Bellal out that you haven't mentioned you guys acquired Dave Smith and Danny Jackson Danny Jack and a cartridge in a pair of trees. How come we still got all these stars? How come we still got all these catchers though and how come we still got that first stuck in a Jerome Welton? Okay Jerome Welton is dumb Okay, he's got raw talent but he's dumb. He's never gonna be a great player He can't run the bases. He just I'll take the sends a lot there any day the week Well, I'm a met fam. I'm sorry. All right. Well, you ought to be sorry. Okay. We were just to discuss in Kevin You know that Kevin McRennel's just milk 10 million out of then because the strawberries gone He's coming back for three more Excruciating years of pain. I'm glad Struller is gone because Kevin goes to these very brief Hero's great. He's briefs streets where he just hottest a pistol and then in the clutch He choked so you know, that's Kevin But I'm glad I'm glad Struller is gone very good He should be a good mental guy God little heat of finally he's an loge on provocative hero. He does sucks darling also sucks and but you know You got one picture on a team and that's good in the rest of malls My autos at least a crap It's people flink well at this year they're gonna stop swinging. I'm doing those the last half of the season all of a sudden they stop swinging He's gonna be swinging from a tree in the Bronx so to pick but I you know, I like the acquisition of you We broke but I don't think Vince Coleman Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Are you serious? I do like you be broke. For what? He's been a man another trouble maker. He's got rid of one trouble maker. Another one coming in now and He's over the hell. He's an old guy and I don't think I don't think Vince Coleman will do so How about Ronald Coleman a who's Ronald Coleman did act you Oh my young guy. I don't know about Ronald well, I'll have some tried education I'm trying to play Clemenza and now we're going back We've been over that a many times them is Richard Castelliano Oh my young guy. Oh my god. He ate too many canolees he's dead Old that's driver's elephant Leave it gone bring the criminal only that's right. Right is to what are greatest scenes in the history in fact the Puddle is still out there in the middle of the field out there I'd like to know I'd like to know one thing where in New York did they find a field like that I've been in New York a few years time yeah That was the whole state There's a toxic waste bag in the uh in the back well Neil thank you lot and Good luck to you guys you're going to need it. Hey, okay. Are you good? Okay. Okay. 20 after known at WIOD we're picking up a little bit of smoke not steam a little bit of smoke it looks like they just voted in the new Pope 751 and date and 655 9463 and Palm Beach 655 WIOD And we'll be right back George That's for you 1226 and WIOD the movies we were talking about wow for all those viewers to Freddy Kruger and Isn't it ironic that the first movie I can remember Johnny Depp ever being in was nightmare on Elm Street part one Right I remember that very well we're resigning the bed naked with the T any it's got sucked through the bed and the blood was all over the wall I got very excited during that scene Anyway, it's 12 what you don't remember that you're a man a year and and I in the activity lunches would grade line okay That's your problem Wonder what they were eating. Okay. Let's go to Tamarack hello Yeah, Neil. I just got on I've heard a lot of talk about how ugly this girl is in the movie how's the overall movie? They were at the 11th floor. movie worth why? 1150 I'm gonna have to show off to go see it. Why you got like a whole bunch of people you're taking with you Why is it 1150? Well, I at least when I go in the evening it's 575 a part five 75 what are rip off in a daytime is three bucks? Well, I think they're working. Well, why don't you go on the weekend? I I'm true listen let me tell you something no matter what you pay it's well worth it. It's excellent Not forget about one and two. Okay. It's not as good as one and two But it's very good when you leave you'll be very happy. You want to see it. Oh Okay, and I heard so much about this. Oh and when that pusher hers comes on a screen just still look around you Okay, just pretend you got like an itch and scratch your face and just the should get off it A real question. How old Bridget Fondor is she worth? We're looking to move. Oh, yeah. Oh, okay The other thing I want to call about is I've just a we've recently moved to Florida I just thought I listened to your shelf and this thing about the Camilla talk there anything I haven't Or get as the address to mail a check so W I O D okay, I hear very slowly so talk slower. W Hi, I get that time What do you got so far? I'm at the I W I Oh Okay, how about me my amy Am I a Am I 331 41 No, 3 addresses. I know we don't want to run with us Oh, all right, so Put in the aridies on the Camilla talk store. Make the check out to Camilla sauce put my name on a envelope and it'll get here But we'll stamp on it there and like magic all right. Thank you, sir. Have a great life. Enjoy the movie 1229 at W I would be now let's see if I played my cards right Boy, and I see if I'd have known this I wouldn't have eaten all this food today And I will admit this that the other day I was very good not by choice but by force I didn't eat any food at the movie because I couldn't get any the lines that the can I mean I'd think you a little theaters there at that mercy theater and they got a little Most theaters you go in there's like a big concession staying with like a half of dozen people working there no problem You know like four sides of a this thing. I like a little ricky ticky Thing there and you'd have to stand in line for an hour to get food so no snow caps no milk does no nothing It was incredible but if I'm gonna go see like two features I'm gonna have to you know two three boxes of snow caps at least so let me see how we work this out let's see good fellas at fourth 30 How long will be his end? Well, that's a long one, right? Is it three hours? Well, it's one fifteen four thirty and seven fifteen Huh It must be well, let's see in the last one is a ten must be like two and a half hours well, that's good I don't like these short movies that are an hour and a half it's like it's like a record it's like those old records in the 50s that are a minute and 40 seconds long And I can get your money's worth So godfather three is it seven good fellas is it's four thirty or can you imagine that and Godfather three will be over ten by the time I come out of there. I'll need oxygen a better take the helium tank along Because if I'm gonna see one I might as well go see the other one again So we can spend two or three days more on this again next we can really get canis deracle right is this there a steric right honey 1231 a W.I. would do we have an open line in Broward five two four Miami hello Okay, but I didn't see the movie yet How about good fellows you see that didn't see that one either while I hear it's tremendous and I'm gonna tell you something if it's not You're gonna hear about it tomorrow. Yeah I mean people are going on all it's great. You've got to see it. It's the greatest things in sliced bread Yeah, that's what they're saying that's like we have a new baby so we have to wait Could we get a baby to it or listen at cue yeah, okay, yeah, maybe give us some pointers to such when it comes on later Yeah, that's the truth by being a geriatric father I want my dad oh no, I'm talking about him Man, I don't know I don't know this at hope did you get a your letter from Miami hockey Incorporated? No, I did not not yet I got mine the other day. Do you have your check in there? Well, no, it's a better that says either they want to keep our money And because they want to bring either a farm team or a minor league team. Oh Come on you know how that's gonna go over here like a pregnant pole vault around before the July Right, well, they're cracking your serving On you see no out and then either if they don't get that then they'll give you your money back I believe it's in June of 91 if they don't get anything yeah But if you're gonna get something all right my foot up there butt is worth it. Gonna get they keep our $100 That got free wood man. You know something right from like the second day after the game after I gave my Panama near he sounded like a real marginal douchebag to me Yeah, I just can't believe they just didn't go into it wholeheartedly Yeah, we could have gotten if you do realize that don't because everybody else was back and out of it for 50 million They all I hate there were screaming like let me out of here forget it Well, like you kept there and they didn't put any public Not one Words it seems to be zero The game and they knew about it. That's right But uh, I don't know what I'm gonna do I guess I'll let them keep my money into like when that one to five shot finishes seven to the six-horse field You start scratching your head and wondering I'll come and never got off the rail. Yeah. Well, I can't wait till tomorrow so you tell us how good Bella did. No, I mean I'm happy go see it Huh? I may not have to go well. Hi, listen. How can this many people be wrong? I mean everybody just says it's tremendous all A critics give it a wave reviews. It's supposed to be great. Yeah. What does have to wait to see? I just hope I can still remember the name of it when I come back tomorrow. Let's you know how it is That's true. You might want to go to a drug store pick up your own candy. Save a little bit of money No, no, that listen. That's don't you understand in the movie theaters? That's where they make all their money is on Concessions right well. They got to pay through the nose for those movies They make money on the pigs like us will get the and these people the other day they bring in these buckets like a tub Not just a bucket a tub of popcorn. You could take a bath in that thing you could put it laying at the winner and have room for the Russian army left over Yeah Incredible and well you imagine how much money they kind of want those cups of All the way is kind of cute cuz Bob Mayor stuck and set up out of the tub and give the news during the You have before the movie starting it was cute Well, you have a good time at evening. Yeah. Have a nice life Well, I guess my day is all spoken for 1234 a WIOD Let's do a little pompeto like boy. I should have gone up to pompeto in my two man We got a couple of real hot horses there tonight. Did we ever get the information on the Draw nothing You know this place is starting to give me a little bit pissed off today I hate to put in those grotesque terms, but I understand it's between like Christmas and New Year and nobody wants to be here And the show is like dying over here. We understand all of that. But let's face it There's some of the important business here that's got to be taken care of and like denoburs out of town or somewhere and The sales department shit get it's all in a hands of KT. I think he's the only one back there Which speaks for itself Man Anyway the line five is working out manner. We excited or what? God, it's about time, huh? and line four is the only open line of the board and I'm told that Yeah, it's working That's amazing Miami Boy if that you know every day that I've been in this market is epitomized by that moment okay 15 years of wasted time Finally get every line working. We're all excited. I punch up the first one. That's on a thing here. Miami and like Diddy silence Screw you pal whoever you were. I hope you walk into a bus We have an open line of date County seven. All right, man. I know you're excited Well, I think you've done an earphone as pants down. What's wrong with him? 1253 a WIO do we have an open line on the star line at star I Odo you've been listening to too many stories? It's all I can tell you too many stories in Vary Yeah, hello, yes, sir. Hey, no, are you doing okay? All right, I just come back now from Boston. I've been here for two years, you know? Yeah, I'm a donny vacation, man. I miss you guys you guys. Oh, you know crap I crap that you've said you hit a red on it. I couldn't have said that we are hot and we're crap Yeah, but I thought what are you got? That's man. I went to the show last night to come to Miami now. All right, Ian Well, man, like I was what if just a poem and how can you say it? It's just me you said you like that movie, you know? Well, I'm getting a piece of the action. Wow, what if what if bunch of a god if you didn't like it? Well, I mean like you know, I'm married like And if I lift my wife 20 years ago, I'm not gonna take a hit a lean I'm not gonna you know You're gonna come into my way, baby. Yeah, but you don't have 85 billion dollars And you're not you're not you're not you're dead. He's desperate don't you understand? He's an old the people man Yeah, you know and then and you know you're talking about her shnazzola, right? Yeah, how about a lip? I already talked about that. Yeah, you did we need two hours on her lips Well, you know, you didn't you know that that little all this little crinkle what then oh Me is the worst what a dog, you know, you've been a Pope at her acts communicated before he drank his tea But you know, you know Come on you would have been a great movie if they kept like two I'm the same like people like the first tool, you know, just you know, around here, you know, we need y'all go whatever, you know Well, if it's right the church into the stupid thing, huh? Oh, is that what it is? Oh boy I mean, I was you know, I'm Catholic I'm a Christian you're staying out with Cardinal Cushing I'm asking I'm out there come on you could tell me that all that Yeah, I mean like well, they keep to the streetway. How the first to wait you know like showing up all of a Paule lecture, you know, whatever then I think we've Cardinal Spellman in the order boys. I thought that was disgusting Well, they got caught in a lot up there now, you know, yeah No, but the best part of the movie. Hey, let's see. Why do you think the Cardinal's packed up and went to Phoenix for huh? Back, they're no dumb That's that's why there's no Christian bottom Right, but listen, I'm glad you enjoyed. I'll see you at Brigham's eyes cream Why you go that dumpo? Yeah the best part of the movie is what the end when he died You know, I see a Jo and Emo's Tell a name was why you go see you go up not see a 1255 those people from the wing with their all the same aren't they they just basically all the same We have an open line at Broward 524 and one of the starlines star IoT. Why do you think Foxboro race track is there anymore people like him? Right John Hogan my amy Excellent Okay, that was the doosman calling on his speakerphone. We have an open line in date 751 and at starline For our bell soft mobility there it goes WOD Georgia's trying to make a comeback Hello, hello, yeah What's this George Yeah, this is Neil here you want to speak to Neil yeah hold on Hello Oh, Neil yeah Listen, I'm from New England and I I want to tell you I'm really good to sick of the You don't have any new material you know what turn it off listen to Larry Glick Sir Yeah probably part of that same family 524 WOD and Broward and star IoT and the starline the water hill Hey, you're doing okay, okay You're pretty sick and tired of those New England calls they have old material. I got it well can it be felt thing number one I just came more for 40-faced business trip. I was kind of about three months I saw a good fellow in in LA and you're gonna find that picture It's the best picture Gags of type pictures. Oh, I think this is great now we can talk about a tomorrow all day that will feel Friday and then Monday Which we got to work New Year's Eve day would you help Monday with it? Okay, but it will be all set will kill us here Okay, now let me tell it out so I was in LA I heard like is he doing the same old stuff I was in San Francisco I could only take about five minutes of benet was he singing? Yeah, oh it shocked me I was in Chicago I heard last it or yeah He had his wife on it really shocked me. There's no wife. Yeah. Yes. He sounds great Doing what I mean she just found bright and she and she well he better watch it, you know And then the other thing this will get a kick out of our bodies. I was in Boston that they after election day Yeah, and apparently Jerry Williams Things went his way the way it was pushing so he's referring to himself as the dean I couldn't well I'll tell you one thing you sure old enough for it. They almost think about that It was a front and soft as a dean When he starts growing a little white goat tea, I'd start getting real nervous. Yeah But I'm glad to be back and I tell you I listened to talk radio all over the country because it's been a lot of time in a car and music is boring And you are definitely the best thing because even how it's turned Even Howard admit it Howard said that he arrangers even always a fat bag He's the best thing on here in America. That's what he said well I tell you how it's there How he blows hot and cold yeah Yeah, Gordon Lidion one day was one of the greatest shows I've ever had on radio But he saw obsessed with that damn Jessica Han I can't believe it. Oh, I'll be honest with you You know since he got a complete body change. He looks incredible Yeah, but her attitude and brain is a much more Donner's assistant, but you got like a whole body change. Oh, yeah, they paper playboy paper to all things like they took her brain Which didn't take it off a lot like in a fimble and they stuck it in a whole new body. It's incredible Okay, I think about trying a same thing have a real life Call 58 a W. I would an audio people from New England okay, we're second tighter audio belly It can that's all you do is cry and crutch We don't want to hear about it go back and tell to Jerry Williams, okay? Let's see now old man You know hold he must be now man is he old? He's got to be about 70 What are you smiling about he was 58 when he got muged in 1980 that famous night on the air he was leaving town That's 10 years ago So he's 69 68 in his push in 70. How'd you like to be 70 and sit none of your talking about your assholes every day, huh? God If I had to do this another 22 years I did it all right now. I'd call in the sunny Coral you own right now off the Cosway. Let's just get it over with She's Anyway speaking of old Maybe Elaine can go up to Boston and be on with Jerry God anything in a skirt he just goes nuts. He chases anything Right Barbara. Oh, let's do some Barbara Stubbly stories Anyway Elaine at tourists here. We're gonna cut the crap do the very important Suitable intellectual want to clock Wiod News the Safadone speaking of important and suitable intellectual Rick and the Suds father will be along to the six and their special guest Wow my jealous Dan glass by president of SPK records. What the hell is that? What the hell is he pushing huh? Probably drugs sports talk with hurricane hotline saw Jim and the Joe at a Partridge in a pear tree and hurricane basket ball at eight Thousands 745 in county for Camilo sauce. We are really doing it We thank you all if you haven't got your check in a mail get off your dead ass make it out to Camilo sauce 20 bucks or more get you the Best of meal tape number three mail a two Camilo sauce. Danielle Rogers Wiod Miami 331 41 Got it. Wiod Miami 331 for one. We thank you Okay, let's take a call or two. We'll get there a lot of here make room for our Rick and Sput For the Sput father Let's go to a nice lady in Boka No, hi Good afternoon. How are you? Are you a nice lady? I'm a very nice lady. That's what George said I know don't you remember me from a couple of years ago? Oh, no, no, I didn't think so. Well, how could I remember from a couple of years ago? I can't even remember where I was last week at this time. That's really true But I thought maybe if I jogged your memory a girlfriend and myself who used to sell Farmaceuticals and stop sport since you were a couple of goody that Not the Feldeen lady. Ah, close We gave you that black thing that had the blubble Senate that went out slowly but surely down the little It had water in it and had oil coming out of it and you said it was naked little boys sliding down the Light off of 95 and sterling What? Naked little boys sliding off the slide at i95 and sterling road? Yeah, that's what you said How does it go? I know Hey, by the way, where's the bird? I think a lot has changed since I've been here before And the bird is in Lakeland playing modavani records on a three watt FM station in his basement Uh-oh, he's history Well, what about Steve Kane and Alice Rintell and we're all the people that used to be here They used to be weird. Where have you been? Well, I've been in South Carolina. You've got to update me now Well, I'll be guys. Dang. I don't have time to recap everything that happened but the Steve went to New York and Steve got fired and Steve's back on a six watt station in four-laterdale WFTO Doing afternoons from two to six By the way, you know, I know that he would never tell a fib on the air much less a lie But that thing about how they don't change their pattern. It's sundown or they don't change their power It's sundown after five what is it this month? What do we change pattern five thirty or five fifteen five thirty After five thirty you could be like in plantation like at the corner of Flamingo and Sunrise you couldn't hear them if they gave you a million dollars to pick it up on your radio Okay, okay, so I know that it must just been a slip of the tongue when he denied that they cut that like four watts and that or whatever How it is So in other words, you still don't have any decent competition and Alice Rint well Alice Rint Tell us coming back on FTL next week from ten to two right here in this slot some stiff competition And he means business this time no more shots from me. Oh, he's got a really butcher up this time Yes, so he's got a really a do a number if we even have the and first of all and I know why he's things We're gonna talk about him because it's a wasted time but what he has the veterinarian on that stuff to compete with You know speaking about a vet and surely tweeters is gonna be on there. She changed her name to Goldilocks or something She's gonna be the psychic nutritional readings over nighter. It's gonna be great Hey, Neil yeah, I think I need the bird to get some advice here. That's a me Got your bird right over here honey. What is it? Well, I've got it. I'm saying with a girlfriend of mine who has this little jelly canary that's losing his hair Yeah, I asked what was wrong with him and she said he has like a a disease of bird And he won't eat and he just walks around his cage and he can't even fly Yeah, why on this Sick what do you mean nice lady in bokeh? She was a sick old bitch. What the hell are you talking about or sick young bitch? It's 11 past one at Wild we have an opening on the Palm Beach line man. Is it great to have line five working again or what huh? God, we should stick around to an extra two or three hours or not Warren okay, I think during the Because Phil Salzman's on life think that man he can go down to get my check for me give him something useful to do Somebody's got to go there and take care of this go down to accounting and make a scene down there Jump up and down take your pants down. That'll get their attention briefly. Okay, let's do this right this time. Okay You I Od we have an open line in date County so then really strange going on Miami hello yes sir. Are you doing the oh okay Oh wait a minute isn't that what you said pretty close? Okay even admits it now go ahead Looks like the cousin gonna do it this year. We're doing it. Well, they've got a they get George Bell George Bell got to Danny Jackson got Andre the giant we got Ryan Oligod Mark Grace we got Greg Maddox What the almighty one I wouldn't rely on Danny Jackson for maybe about maybe a couple of games five wins yeah Maybe seven while they get to hang nil every now and then every now and then it's like the Mike Marshall of the pitching core Niels wonder if I could help you kill maybe about four minutes and three seconds of airtime with with the mojo Nixon Elvis Oh, do I have that in here or did I give it away? Oh, I do have it because I was supposed to give it away remember You don't remember you don't even know what the Albert talking about you brought it up and I brought it up No, don't you remember I had the thing here mode you're talking about skid ropper right skid roper and mojo with mojo And I had the thing in here and I said some lady was supposed to come in and I was gonna give her the CD and she never showed up That was when we were doing our lunch things So somewhere in this damn thing I'll find a during the break Roger would appreciate and if I don't play it that's because it's not in here not because I'm a slime ball, but it just might not We know you've not find ball, but I do never can be sure Well, listen, could you also call a great American the blade at these platforms? Okay, he's love it. I'm looking for it All right, appreciate now. I have a good holiday YouTube okay 20 after Yeah, she was supposed to come in and get that damn thing now. What did I do take it home? I wouldn't have done that. What I got him we got him and you realize now that Stan is gone And was there anybody else here who had CDs? I don't think so. I think one of these in here might be so it's so he claims I don't know which one it is, but these are all mine Was that my check No What we're gonna take lunch back if you don't cut the crap All right, it's 21 after a one a Wild I'm gonna look furiously and frantically for that CD and probably won't find it In fact, I'd almost bet on it will be right back Gilbert seems for you Okay, once twenty six the reason I play that is because there's a car that I've never seen before it says Gilbert compilation so that it's like a Four and a half in a car Who the hell put this together? So it's must have a whole bunch of Gilbert crap on there and I think crap is the operative word But he won't worry I want to ask you why don't you come over for a year round first of all and why is Well, I'll be doing your squishiness face up against the glass window for the same reason I want 26 to WID we have an open line in date where we just hung up on Woody at 751 9463 751 Wild by the way speaking of Camille sauce our total on our way to 100,093,745 and counting What the hell is it Thursday? I mean tomorrow we're gonna get some mail and the weekend mailed very sometime next week right around the new year We're gonna get to our hundred thousand dollar goal on credible Four longer now hey, police not be that yeah, what is this? Hey, what is this? You know I just got back in from Washington I've been up there for about five months now Yeah, and I can I and I So I happen to keep up with when going on, but I've been I told all my friends about The German Mickey Mouse Club and I know sometimes that I don't like to take requests or not depending on how busy you are So wait a minute. You told all your friends about it. Are they here? No, no, I told them I was washing them When I get a show washing him like how or did I plan okay? Take me like well, I'll play it if I can find them, but you don't understand you've been away We got like 700 racks now. No kid God almighty the chances of my fight they that on the scale of zero are Fair if you do I mean, you know, it's it would be nice, but you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't I understand what they said to Malpatina when a movie and I don't think he could either Or I I can't ask what you got anything was that Did he find me everybody already said it that he died at the end of the movie, but I mean it that was They already kind of let that out of the bag any house. It's not like we're spoiled anything okay When does no shit Neil? Thank you. Okay. Are we good? God German Mickey Mouse Club. Where the hell am I gonna find that we want to play that 7,000 times this year And we got to get a whole bunch of materials so that guy from the winland gets pacified, okay Stick a pacifier in his mouth Let's go to a mobile and uh, West Palm Beach on the starline. Hello. Hi. Hi. Guess what what? I know that girl that calls from Subterlina. Yeah. Boy. What a lucky break for you. No, but she's really not like that. I don't know what was wrong with her Not just talking about was she said that little thing with little things going around in a water Remember someone said you have a black thing with blue oil and it was like a little mini lava lamp and you In a round and oh yeah, you remember that yeah, I like that We're both from a secret you moved away and I still live here Well she's obviously anybody that would move to South Carolina in the first place has serious problems And I think it's affected whatever is left of her brain. Yeah, I think you're right Hello, she talked about she has a cat. She named it caught up Cospine is oh She's got a cat. Well, I answered that tells me everything I need to know about her Wait, I can't say one thing. What's that? Tell her to call me on my 1-800 number. It's tell me where it's like color Okay What does she got the number? Yeah, it's like when I see and it's because we were That sounds like a personal message to me. No, it's not okay. I didn't say her name It's an impersonal message But and when it's how you one more thing and I bet you when she calls you she'll be a lot nicer to you than she was to me She was kind of snaddy to be honest with you. You got like a bird that's not a bird You know what's around looks like ancient history You've been gone for over a year and you know what I got I used to send her tapes to your sense if you could know by now that she knew she just tried to be an Ojo on provocative tour She's auditioning for FTO Probably that show one mother thing really quick. I thought good fellas. It's when it first came out Yeah, and it I'm really Kind of We miss about blood and stuff yeah, and actually maybe I loved it But I had to close my eyes whenever they killed somebody and it's oh good In other words, there's a lot of murder in it. Oh good. It's good. It makes me feel at home that way It's a great story. It really is okay. Okay. Okay. Well let you know look kill four hours with it tomorrow Okay, we'll have the good good father. I want to hear it. Okay. Okay. See you. Bye 31 at W. I did thanks for getting my check man. He was nice. I got it. I got it just realized Anyway, the guy that wanted to hear a mojo Nixon and skid ropper and Elvis is everywhere Couldn't find that So I feel well listen we try to please everybody so just in case he likes this But I don't it for a lot of down yeah, yeah, I think you I was briefly spent a ton in Vegas. I've got a little bedding story for you. Okay. Uh, yes, I call the buddy Mark is up 5.44. Go ahead. Speaking of bedding Call a buddy of mine who lives out there yesterday evening to have him play a little a bed for me on the blockbuster ball, right? Yeah See it Phil wants us to guard by the way go ahead and I guess he went over there this morning and the first thing the guy said it at the room was No, wait a minute. We don't listen you're a great guy We don't hold it against you smoked all our cigars. It like he's like you pretend he's not listening. You notice that we don't mind Okay, we understand you were out of very low budget here you smoke all the cigars you want. Okay Two boxes you smoke all by himself. He just locks himself in the closet and smokes this a great like chainsfolk Like getting even or something. I think Steve put him up to it go ahead. I'm sorry. Okay, so he goes over to the What do you're not going FtL? Are you? Is he going FtL? What you and Nick man? What a two metal bit go ahead anyway back to think So goes over the room the first thing that I said is lot festival. I don't think we got that one So then he looks oh yeah there it is So I said I told my friend I said I want put a hundred bucks on steak Yeah, I'm still a doubt that's why I need one thing to me right. That's planted safe So he calls me back to forning says I've now got a hundred bucks on state. I don't know who to root for In other words he doesn't know who you got No, well he didn't have you know Well, why not? Buckstone state you know, so I've got it so you know, you got something But I don't know what till it's all over well, Penn State's gonna kick their ass. I'm sorry I think so and you're gonna wind up losing because you got FSU I don't even know it. I don't know he's also from Pennsylvania So you know, no, let me tell you because I don't want to circle back into Vegas again because we killed a couple of days on that and I don't Here, it'll be terminal if I say that in somebody who's like an hour on a disaster, you know another station But Vegas is is it? It's where it's happening boy. This this town is so dead. It's embarrassing Vegas is just amazing Just tremendous yeah, even when the weather is crappy. It's just tremendous And the fact that they got services that everybody ought to have Yeah, I mean why do I have to call out to or Las Vegas place a bed on Exactly go out there to this to a good sports book you've been on anything that moves Something that don't right like no today something that used to like a Notre Dame right Good to see the better like Notre Dame basketball. Bye bye. See ya boy. He got off of there in a hurry Didn't he? 134 a WIOD we have an open line in Broward 524. It's ringing as we speak in a starline star ID now that the phone is fixed man Got only knows what we can do in the new year we can do it And the other thing that I heard yesterday I wasn't gonna go into this but this crap about well The bottom line at the end of the year were a low shoe string operation and they got the big over it Yeah, but you know the sisters got five billion dollars. Okay. What's King Paul got this week? I mean who the hell are you kidding Steve again? You know, he should have been on how to do the Mr. Buster. You know talk a good game got nothing to back it up We don't care if we lose money. We don't give it up. We're just here to have a good time and feed everybody Just have a great time. Okay. We have like a little Security like looking at the mirror. You see what security is here right Steve Hollywood Hello, yes, yeah, yeah, I've got a question for you when they're horse running Sunday night sir ninth race number one drew the rail Christmas list Thank you guy. I appreciate it Even leaves from great Britain driving. Pavia's got the tourists in there so we couldn't drive in a course phase back at the metal land So we got Stephen leaves On the rail, but he's got the rail Yeah, but sometimes there's we even down there on the rail. Yeah, but you can understand. Let's see Kevin Wallace has got Oggin Lowville so we'll send him to their front again. He'll cut the mile for us and we'll win in a stretch again And it does good drive Okay, got a maiden the shade. I'll be there. Okay, me too. Thank you Don't forget in fact. That's just what a great lead and sir. I want to thank you and have sent you I want to thank you after the call we were Looking into next break and there's poppinoharness comes up again 41 a Wild Fort Lauderdale on a Palm Beach line yeah, yeah You're in sense you're doing in sense Dale Steve came In Jose can say go All right bed to getting oh really Well not in the literal sense. Oh In all seriousness no way Jose Jose He screwed the public once again He was supposed to sign autographs to a clock. It's one of Steve's buddies baseball card stores Yeah, you and Bolin what he did no show Calls the owner of a store at 10 o'clock the night before Yeah, suppose that appearance. Yeah, tell him he really didn't feel like showing up mr. Shine How much where you gonna make on this I'll just pay you To the meantime the rest of us ask holes. Yeah, with kids and everything Yeah, went out there buying balls and posters from the sign the next day. Yeah The mister ego Not came the other one off can say go yeah Shows up at 10 in the morning with no announcement nothing And broke a lot of little kids hearts Yeah Yeah, and a call came show to complain about yeah, and he defended into the health And it said I'm sorry you didn't see the thing in the paper Neil, let me ask you something Go ahead Possibly print Something in the paper after 10 o'clock at night to appear in the paper the next day Course night I mean it they could have was like an a news thing or something like that, but it's You know in an ad I don't can't see it and he's defending mr. Shine Yeah, well one good shine deserves another sure good luck to you Some people never learn one forty three a wild let's go to four lottery Let's go to it. Yeah, let's do it that was a sad story. That was incredible. Yeah my heart is just a trembling Listen of a way since Monday to get on with my first and all Godfather story There's okay now I'll leave them music and I want you also prepare the tick card all right playing going But you know it's interesting because I just been putting away all the cards and now you're creating a lot of work Lot of one I understand, but it's like you don't you understand what it gets to be about the last 20 minutes We all pack up and we're ready to get there a lot. Yeah, I did wait Monday for nothing Here goes and it's truly a personal story. Oh, okay. You'll have to help me with one thing what year Do you know what year though what the hell was that? What oh, there we go. I was a wrong car But let me ask you questions for what year did the first go out for the book come out approximately? Do you know the first book? Yes Oh, I would say when 68 oh Can't stop you or lounge 70. I would say even 70. Oh, that's even better for my story. Okay. Here goes I back in the Baton, 1967. Yes, all right I'm a writer. I have a girlfriend who it turns out it turns out worked with and I knew this sister of Mary O'Poozo back in New York Yeah, of course. This is before anybody knew who Mary O'Poozo was and I will tell you this I'm bragging a little today I just send 20 notes over to the office and all kinds of gags and all kinds of writing things and One day Virginia Mary O'Sus said to my friend, Maasha that you know your friend No names mentioned shouldn't wait for time on the same lines ringing by the way George the bat lines ringing okay No, I'll be finished No, it's a good no, it's a real nice story. I happen I have a real okay. Did not give you that to no leon I just shut up and eat it. No, I'm running it. Let me finish Okay, so she said you should tell your friend. This is my brother who turned that to be okay. How are you that? Yeah, is a writer who goes to the new school this and that and she should take her writing seriously I mean I was sort of being compared we know who that is yeah, so which is real nice But here's the the clinker. There's a guy named Solo living down here now getting this with a picnoy comes in Just so happens the only case only claim to say my metamus a week ago and he's a real Oink oink call him any name and you want mail show and his pig and thinks he's better than any other man in the world I think He happens to buy marry a Puzot house at a mirror for New York, so that's the that he's only claim to say And listen to all your I rail Blind bug in but I feel good that you know I really didn't know his sister and Two years later he becomes the biggest thing and Unfortunately I haven't followed his with sex, but I kind of rubbed all those with that famous and I think I'm Definitely you get to see this movie sooner than I ever would have thanks to you and your followers Okay, is that it? Yeah, okay happy new year Sandy Wow, I've heard a killer here a couple of minutes, but that was like Butcherine That's like the scene in Miami blue. Did you see Miami blues? Anybody No There's a great scene in there where this nerd who's trying to be at the Don Johnson of this movie Goes in and he's holding up this store this convenience store and she's got this bodyguard in the closet and he comes out And the guy blows him away and he's got his hand on the counters got one out of the gun and one on the counter And he shoots a guy and she's got this big cleaver under the cash register And she chops off What like all his fingers like four fingers right on the counter. They're just laying there. It's beautiful. It's great What the hell was that happy to do with anything I'm Get out and then they pull me back in One 48 a WIO D the max card is for you. It'll make you an offer. You'd be a fool Great Okay, 152 a WIO to Iliana Kiminson How is your Christmas? I said great you said you get everything you wanted? What a smart ass That'll be the day well as always hope anyway Sudd's by the way Kiminson to got a great sale on coat hangers it's theirs So if his wife is listening I'd head for the hills, okay This man has got that look in his face credible your brooor my amy Excellent okay, my amy on two hello Hi, I don't okay. I was actually remote at the bizarre and I got a Kissed to get a Chuck's take out. Yeah, what they're sending night. It was fantastic Great. It was we thank them again about 100 times what do they send like a $8 million worth I mean it was really incredible I mean I think just for everybody who I'm part of tape got a gift of gift of gift Right great fabulous good also one thing about wise guy I mean Good for us, so that's based on a true story and it is a great movie the book wise guys Even better like most books and movies but dumb it is great book too While I let you know tomorrow I'm gonna I'm gonna pack it about 400 boxes of milk dogs and we'll check it out and the part of I'll put you know dying and I'm got father three that was in I'm much magazine Yeah, everybody you know what I see the point of it is you don't know how he's gonna die See you think he's gonna die another way earlier, but he doesn't but in the end he dies just like Marla Right, well, let's do it had to Yeah, he was away for Godfather for and What's his name Garcia handy Garcia? Okay, all right Neil have a good one you get from North Miami Beach or was it Miami Beach? I North Beach North Miami Beach Whatever anyways, anyways, like a puny ugly kid in high school Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Neil yeah, are you ready to deserve a stormy? Who's this bonus there? Yeah, give me the line. Give me the where was that from? There was after Sonny got shot on the cause you got it Did it great? Why was that difficult? Well, I've got a few more, but I don't know if we said do many babies is some day in that they may never come Last cutin performance service But in the meantime except as justice is a gift on the day of the way my daughter. That's great my daughter's wedding I did you happen to notice the Dion is gonna be in Miami on New Year's Eve. I sure did Okay, I just I know you're a Dion you bet I call you Question I didn't catch your show yesterday because I was not able to listen well. It was terminal You know we did four hours and Godfather three and according to one of the radio talk show experts it was terminal Well, it's okay with maybe because I love it. I could just didn't size up I guess was it worth seeing I didn't hear your comics Absolutely it was good. Oh listen to any other crap. It's worth seeing don't try to compare it to one or two Just view it as a continuation take it for what it is there's some weak points like there are in any movie, but it's on the whole it's excellent Okay, so definitely worth a while. I mean it didn't grow six and a half million dollars the first day for nothing Yeah, well, that's been a big thing around the country they've been showing off the internet Exactly, it's the big story and I get ripped because I spent a day talking about it now of course So we spent part of today also a lot of it because that's the number one topic. Well, right? That's what people are excited about Well, let me tell you something in my opinion it's one of the greatest acting jobs ever by foreignland brand There's one of the best actors in America. So why not talk about it? You mean the first one well, yeah, I mean, you know, but that's what that's what all about But this is also one of the great jobs by al Pacino and Andy Garcia's tremendous outstanding Yes, well, I hope you remember all of his pyzons here in the south lord and sends us a lot of money like Johnny Debton do I took some photographs into coconut-goa camera where I live in the grove and and it's just There's still lived in Miami and it's guiding works behind the things is that you want to see the picture Then they're Garcia they show me some like thanksgiving pictures out in California There he was just a normal guy sitting around a table just a guy But the bad now listen when you see this movie don't just look about for the acting Keep in mind that this is history also. There's so much truth in this thing and you know the thing about the Vatican banking scandal And the vacuum of allari and the Pope dies mysteriously and good health and goes to Betty feels great. You don't get up in the morning Just keep that all in mind. It's incredible Well, you know, I'm probably a sick and fan as you are so I'm not gonna be the Just point up and just to tell you my feeling is I'm glad you start you talk about the guy father Because it's an interesting The trilogy of movie and it's other people don't like it. Let them call them Yes, through them okay. Let them take their measuring stick and sit on in the okay Like Marlon Brando said I don't apologize for not I don't like he said at the end of the movie I said I don't apologize to the way I ran my family right I never wanted to sue you right I thought it'd be governor Call you said in a call-e-art But another president of ontin trade or easy week listen Like a son. See you he sleeps with the fishes 157 at WIOD for Latterdown. I should be banished to listen to STL for the next two with three weeks or whoever won They last but I'm gonna say something again Everything that everybody told you today. Yes. We're fellows in the good movie That's it. It's a good movie, but not a great movie. Exactly So another way you're gonna be disappointed Neil don't compare it to God for this I'm not comparing it, but I mean if it's good it's good and it happens to be right there I could roll a stone for my house to where it's pia I know where you live and I know where it's playing right it's a good movie. It's does not compare And it's all three and I've seen all three of them and I'm in the God for the intensive is you are and And the good movie. I didn't look out of the theater excited or related or and everybody is gonna jump Because all morning will make the hell Yeah, he did well not just today yesterday Oh, they're going out like all forget about this one you didn't see and a lot of the reviewers are saying the same thing like all good This isn't even in the class with good fellows. It's like what I'm actually here tomorrow Wow, do I dare you when I do what I have to listen to S.C. L.P. Where do you live? I live in Fort L.L. Oh, well, you could at least pick it up. Well, that's something to be on the safe side anyway. Oh, yeah, I can pick it up if I ask you Yeah, if you're desperate if you've managed me to it never have okay, I'll let you know Take care Boy, that's music It's like it's like it's like a neurotic obsession isn't it? It's a lot of go out and he just pounds of pasta Who is that? Is that oh no is that Francis Ford and the mayor and Sophia? Oh God they shot her through a screen of they shot her through some men Remember I used to say they shot Donna Mills through linoleum. They shot her through so it's like in a background Here's Francis what magazine is this this is in people and here she is with a schnaz that killed Vermont And the cock-eyed lips that the point toward the Massachusetts Oh man, she is a thing of beauty and they go enjoy forever Well, listen have a wonderful day. We'll see tomorrow morning at 10 and rehash all these disgusting movies Anyway, we got uh is it a lane is it Stephanie? It's Stephanie. He is on permanent vacation and he don't know it yet even aerosmith is embarrassed And then we got dick and dut a two we got hurricane hotline with joe and the gym at 605 hurricane basket ball to Pobbitch class to get eight tonight