Wow, Marvin right away. Marvin finally came in. Thank you. But you're going to like shine as again today. That's okay. So how are you? I'm great. I'm going back on Florida time, which is, you know, nobody cares. They don't care that I'm two hours off here. Yes today when I woke up, I woke up at 5 a.m. Which was? Was seven a.m. Okay, so now it's not feeling a little bit better. But you look great. You look a lot sexier today and a lot more comfortable than you did yesterday. I don't know. Why is that? Well, I don't know. Maybe meeting me for the first time and doing the four hours of Neil Rogers for the first time. But we don't really just met yesterday. Yes, right. Right. Last time we met you were sick. You said, hello. I'm going to throw up and then you sort of left. That's that. Because it was like two days before I left for vacation. And I was just, you know, I really brought in here. And I had to drive all the way back and I went to bed when I got home and I cut it. And you drove in cursing me all the way. No, no, no, not at all. I don't want to collect my paycheck anyway. I don't know. I've been leaves too out in the center. I feel better about that. So Stan Major and I are sitting in for the vacation Neil Rogers who boy he's gone and he appears on the newspaper yesterday. Did you see the picture? I didn't. As a matter of fact, I was surprised when Rick and Suss talked about it. Because I don't get the Sun Sentinel anymore. Well, I was surprised at the length of the article. Because Neil, as I mentioned, he wants to get rid of the pinheads as he calls him. And it, it Warren say, a two column or three column article in the Sun Sentinel. Well, it was very attractive to him. It was a very big fan of Uncle Neil and a regular guest on the show. So Rick was right about his almost insatiable relation. And he was just, well, that's mostly in radio anyway. But Neil is going to make some minor adjustments. He said, we'll have to figure it out when he comes back. It's probably actually. Yeah, really will be interesting. Because I remember when we worked out at Winds, he got on this campaign about the language thing again. I mean, language Spanish thing. Yeah. And that was basically the last big Neil Rogers campaign. Topics, so to speak. Yeah. And that was right in the middle of doing all of the things that he does now. Oh, I'm good to think about Neil. He had deafs well and sang his well. And everybody seems to hate to use the word copy. But if it works for Neil, like Al Rantel was quoted in the article saying, well, basically, he sets the standard for what Topshow hosts do. How pretty much. He says, yeah, I do what Neil does because it's in water. And that was pretty amusing. But so we'll have to see what happens when Neil comes back. By the way, we've got phone lines open here. Does Mike take phone calls in the morning? I haven't heard any, does he? Reneri? I think he takes a, okay, everyone. So I Roger said. He's very busy. He has a lot of things to do. Well, we sent a reporter reported from the Harold coming into Maro, sitting with Mike one, one Carlos. Oh, is he coming in? Coming in, too. He's becoming a Neil. He also is not interested. Well, that's great, though. I mean, for you and I, he worked here. That's wonderful. Extra press doesn't hurt. Good press, that press, whatever. Ball lines are open here, folks. The numbers in date, 7, 6, 1, 9, 4, 6, 3, and Broward 5, 2, 4, W, IOD. And his focus thing is history. And he'll go up. Go on. You torn off half the numbers anyway. So that's gone. Found each number, 6, 5, 5, W, IOD. So give us a call this morning. So anybody else you want to drop a bomb on today? No, but I would recommend that nobody unloaded a lawn. Anything connected with a lawn, furniture, or anything in a lightning form. If you believe that, that's pretty sad. Wow. Well, they could like golf out there in lightning storm. I'd be fine, although on the course in front of you. Not smart people. And then another tree is also a big winner. With a metal club in your hands. I can't think of anything worse. I mean, that's a lightning rod in your hands. The trick is to stand in the middle of the golf course and raise it up to the heavens. And you truly become a conductor. Yeah, lightning down here is pretty scary. Yeah. Pretty darn scary. The power went out in my house twice. After a while, everything was psychedelic. Everything was glowing. The VCR, the VLCDs on all the clocks, the TV1-off, the TV1-off. It was nuts. So I couldn't watch anything. I started to watch the interview with the DL Castro. Oh, yeah. The trainer. The puff piece with Ted Turner. The DL needs to clean up a bit. You know? Is he still wearing the same fatigue? I think he's so wearing the same fatigue. I've always wondered how he had his cigars checked out. You remember the story that somebody was going to put poison in one of his... No. The CIA mafia plot. We're just how they were going to do this. Yeah, but now they're going to get rid of it. Or even in the cigars. And so I've always wondered exactly how each individually reps the guard of the DL sticks in his mouth as checked out before he actually has an official cigar at the smokeer. I like a food taste there. It's a cigar smokeer here. I think he has to. But anyway, it was interesting that Tanner was doing that this morning. Tanner was into this heavy mandel thing this morning. Yeah, I feel like that. Yeah, I can. It gets us a big issue down here. And a large portion of his audience are Latin. And now we're seeing also in the newspaper reports this morning. We're seeing interesting opposition within the Cuban community. Now the Cuban community seems to be splitting on the mandel of this. Mm-hmm. About five counties. So we thought we were going to have one big demonstration out of front. We're going to end up having two big demonstrations. A couple of counties, I mean, or cities, I should say Miami Miami Springs have come out and said they will not support for sanctioned mandelis visit down here. We're always going to get in the news some way. He's been in major cities all over the country and Miami seems to always get negative. Yeah. Well, he's addressing a session, a joint session of Congress this morning. And there are some people who are going to either wipe out or not show up. Boy, Kant. So you know, his words the other day are kind of, you know, if you had a public relations man in New York City, public relations person would be going out of their guard right now. Why don't you say that? You had this country in the palm of your hand and you walked in and you said that. I'm getting some theories on that. We'll take some colors on that. We've got to take a break at 1012, a WIOD will be back. Miami, where are you? Where are back? We're back on a Tuesday. Is that what it is? So did you use your information? I have you ever worked in your career with another co-host? Not to per se. No. Not to per se. I've always wanted to. In fact, when I was at WINS, we used to bring people in an audition on the air. You're really? Which, uh, of the street or in the home? Yeah, anybody that walked by, you know, walked by. Everybody had to be killed. So you could go to the time, you know, come on in and you know. Right. But that's soon ended when they told me straight out that they didn't have a budget to have a sidekick. And I thought the time that the bird worked into the sidekick thing with Neil. And working to it really well. Well, it worked, you know, for a while and then things happen. It would be David's money. Yeah. I wonder where he used to be? I don't know. I heard a lot of rumors he was working up in Waceland, but I'm not quite sure what he's doing. Let's take this call here. But I don't know. A while. Well, it matters. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Rand Band Show. Hey, Stanley. What are you doing? I'm here. Hey, I got a question for you. What's the question? What? Yeah, what's the question? Well, you're doing the daytime show. If there's an opening in the evening where the New York Yankees aren't losing or something like that, are you still doing the evening shows or what's the scoop here? Well, gee, Michael McKay was on last night. And I completely forgot about it. And I didn't turn the radio on. I'm sorry. I was going to turn the radio on to see, see, with show sound of light. But so I'm very embarrassed by the fact that I didn't do that. And what was I doing last night? You haven't even listened to your own show. No, no, not listening to the radio. But that's nothing you. I hear you. So Stanley, tell me, is Randy, see a hot neighbor? What the heck is going on here? A fabulous babe. That's a fabulous. That's fabulous, babe. Much more relaxed today than she was yesterday. She looks great. And looks like she got a nice, a nice, better rest over now. I had to. The power went out in my house last night. I had nothing else to do. Nothing else to do. Couldn't read anything. So actually, we implantation. Well, that's good. I'd say it's a pleasure and a privilege to be the very first color of the day on the Ram stand show. You guys are doing a great job. And I'll be appreciated, sir. All right, I'll talk to you later. See you later. Bye. So it's like your guy who'd like to be on a radio. Neil has a lot of the... How do you get that impression? The Ram stand show. Oh. The way they lower their voice. You know, and pretend they're a radio announcer. Being clever will do that growing up too. We got a mobile online five. How you doing, Stan, is Randy? Great. How are you? I can't complain. Stan, listen to Brian Farrier. I figured you liked that one. Yeah, right. Do you know that I heard that the unangrying of the radio is Randy? Oh yeah. And you're some play-down here at all. I know. You believe that? There's a lot of things not play down here. You have the album that's best no idea or what it's like. Yeah, I've got that. That's pretty good. We've been talking to you at Tanner who's coming in sometimes more. Yeah. About how hard it is to get new records play-down here in the... That's true. I want to watch him. Let's ask him how he selects his records. Whether or not a consultant does it for. Tell me, if you think... They flip a coin. They flip a coin. I got to do your darts sometimes. I got to say you're Brian Farrier's story. I'm sitting in a terrible restaurant in Colorado Springs at the mall called the Red Robin, which is like a Friday's, but it's not a Friday's. I hope that he'll be able to live a little bit. You're picking a vote, terrible restaurant. Yeah, right. It was really horrible. And I hear, played the love by Brian Farrier playing on the... You know, the... The system. And which... That's the first. I've never heard of Brian Farrier record in a restaurant while I know. I heard it in my personal office, but anyway, go ahead. And you're here, Salon. I'm here. Where am I cut my hair? Oh, I see. Well, I thought you were cutting hair. No, no. Oh, okay. Hey, that's a big business, you know. That's a good business to get into. Oh, yeah. Here, cutting? Hell yeah. Look how you mix it down. Look how you mix it down. I got to make it a pump for both of you guys. I got a pump for both of you guys. I got a pump. A pump, sure. Randy and Stanley went up the hill, both with a buck in a quarter. Randy came down with two feet. I don't think he's gone. He's down on. But we do appreciate you trying to be clever. Yeah, I think. New stock. Oh, what was that guy yesterday? When I needed the care package. Yeah, right. You know, I'm speaking of which care package, Salon Rush State donated $8,000. Is it toward the relief fund for the Ironians? Can you imagine the reaction to that when they find out in Iran? Yeah. They'll probably ship everything back to the family. Oh, no. Are you kidding? They'll say, give us money. Because that's what they want. They want money. Wow. He said, strictly for humanitarian reasons. He'll let. Even though there's still a price on it. He didn't put his return address. I don't know. So what was it? $100,000. They're Rupel. They're whatever the hell camel. You get to get him. Get him. What the heck? My auntie. Good morning. Yes. Good morning. You were saying the few minutes ago, you were wondering why Mr. Mandara said what he said. Well, I can give you Mr. Mandara situation towards. He is a terrorist. And he's a communist. Well, it's an interesting point there. That's an insult. And also somebody else you don't know. He's also been in prison for 27 years. So he's in a major time warp there. Well, the point is, here's around terrorism. He's around murder. He is a communist. He can blind himself. The AC and that AC and that AC and that AC. That's an insult. Is a line with the communist? Also, somebody else you didn't know. And I guess I'd go in there, don't try to find out that our president gave your tax pay. Your tax money to Mr. Mandara. 10 million dollars. And the Pope is. I think we're 10 days ago. 10 million. We're given to this organization. We're given to Mr. Mandara to 10 million dollars. And I've told a lot of people that they never even know about it. But they want to call. They're very upset that the government in the United States gave this money to terrorist and communist when they're supposed to be in democratic country. You know, I mean, I don't go from apartheid either. Okay? I told Mr. Mandara was. What he was made out to me. But now he puts his funders mouth by a lot of himself, with Kandarfi. And with the doubt, Kandarfi. And with the doubt, Kandarfi and the rest of these. But there are a lot of himself with anyone who supports his cars. Well, anyone. I mean, I don't think there's any, he doesn't support it. Well, we don't spend a little more to point. He's not, he's not democratic. That's what he's not democratic in the original. I mean, this points the board out. That he has, and his group have murdered blacks in South Africa. Well, I know that. Well, I mean, anybody like that forget it. I, I, I, let's just, let's just, I'm not human. I, you know, don't, I might say what the human situation. But as far as Mr. Mandara, I think what we should have done down here, it's just called, We don't need you, Mr. Mandara. And that, and that, and that, and that, that, that, that, that, that, that label organization. Thank God, I don't belong, I don't belong to that organization. I would, personally, go there and try to write cards. Because I, I don't know what, Mike, union money. Go into somebody who was a communist and a terrorist. You know, simple to that. All right, so thank you. Thank you. Bye bye. It's interesting that this particular organization has supported Mandara financially in the past. And that's the reason he's coming down. Do you know how much money he's making at every stop? I mean, he's collecting big, big checks to bring back to Africa. He says to support his organization, African National Congress, and a lot of it is going to buying weapons. You know what scares me? It's the, the possibility that his appearances in this country are just basically a facade. It's moderation presented. He happened to open his mouth and say the wrong thing at the wrong time. And after he collects all this money and he goes back, then what happens? Well, that's going to have bloodshed in the streets. Absolutely. I mean, this guy couldn't have that back in the day. I don't think he's going to end up back in jail. They can't possibly do that to him anymore. Well, he's a, I think he definitely should be recognized as a human rights leaders. I mean, for being in jail for 27 years, believing in what he's believed in and kept that fire burning. I certainly don't think he's on the same scale as a Martin Luther King, though. No. I mean, and he gets a ticker tape parade in New York. On the Nillison Mandela tracking map, he's in Washington, then does land it and then it comes down here on Thursday, which would be an interesting adventure. 1024, when it take a break and we'll be back. That's horrible. They're selling, well, come on. They're selling all sorts of things during the tour, which again, are going toward the, the African National Congress this Saturday. Any 20 Mandela outfits? No, no, no, no, no, no, thank goodness. I don't think that's a battle catch on. You know, certainly not a fashion blabe as they say, sat in toward jackets, 50 bucks. T-shirts, two different styles, mind you, 20 bucks a pop. Actually, that's cheaper than Paul McCartney T-shirts. That was like $32. A Nillison Mandela sweatshirt for $29. Baseball cap or a Nillison. Did she walk around in Washington with his New York Yankees, a cap on and Jacket? You can buy windshield decals for three bucks, buttons for three bucks. So, you're comfortable. I didn't know they were doing that. Absolutely. They were writing poems and songs about this guy when he was prison. Now we can buy T-shirts, jackets, hats and Nillison Mandela. Paul, I'll say that's the American way. That is the American way. That is the American way. So out of the 20 bucks, the 10 goes to Nillison and 10 goes to the American way of life. I saw a real example of the American way of life, Bob and Carl Rado, to Air Force Academy. The gift shop. Now they have a huge gift shop. And guess what they have in there? All of the things that you could possibly want to buy for your wardrobe. Everything. You name it all. In khaki colors. They are well blue and silver and hats and jogging outfits. I mean, you don't have to go to Jordan Marsh, sort of, Bredines or any place. Just go to the Air Force Academy. Pick out your whole wardrobe. I didn't see any dresses. That they didn't quite go that far. I don't think it was you. That those guys would look too great in dresses. No, I don't think so. By the way, do you know that the Armed Forces have a band two live crew. We'll talk about that. Really? They sold in their stores or played on the base. Oh. So much. Well, that's ridiculous. It's not like those guys haven't heard those words before. Well, military is very interesting. They're very uptight about stuff. Because I was with AFN in Germany when Elvis became very popular. This is before he went into the army. He had a lot of hit records. And they didn't play any Elvis records. We didn't play any Elvis records. They're rock and roll. They're rock and roll in Satan. That's a tell you. That's the same thing all over the world. Yeah, it really is. It's really interesting how that's coming around. They really have to recognize the fact that rap music is its own art form all together. They just don't have to deal with it. So Bill Tanner will be here from part 90. Bill, we're going to come in. I think Don Cox and Mark Mosley. Yep. And then a little later on we'll have Mindy. Mindy from Mindy from this from Mindy. Mindy in Maloshow. Right from Hot One of Five. So it should be quite a morning right here at 610Wild. Let's take this color in Miami. Hello, Andy. Good morning. Hello, Stan. How are you doing? I don't know if you remember my A.C. is a nickname called Dancing Queen. We like both like Abba so much. Oh yeah. Then a long time since I've heard you. The Dancing Queen, what did you say? What was your nickname? Nick name with Dancing Queen. It's my C.D. hand up because Abba was very popular. Yeah, she was very into Abba. Somebody walked out of here with my C.D. That I had. Abba. You haven't. You're a real true. It's Stan. I don't think so. It's a real real. It's difficult to get them. It's like D.D. Because they don't seem to keep very much of it. It's not. Even though they're very still very popular than music. Where? In Europe. Oh, okay. I'm hooked up. Dancing Queen. A little little that. One thing I wanted to comment on the last color that you had that was talking about Mandela is that I don't agree with everything that he had the same Mandela had to say. But you've got to understand his position being in jail looking out from barbed wire. And I agree with you there. And the people that he spoke about didn't hesitate to give them any support of the him. And yet this country sat on the fence and was both late. Human rights people and all this. And we were sending money into South Africa and closing our eyes to what was going on over there. And we had a two-sided vision here. I think it's a United States is a real shaky position at this point. It's my own observations. First of all, you have a minority rule of government over there. White people are ruling the government. The majority is blacks and they've really kept the blacks down big time. And now the decision is how do they integrate them into the system? How do they put them into the government? Without losing at least a bit of control. And they're pretty shaky here. They've gone into towns. They've helped the economy, the white folks, helped the economy build a town. And now the question is how do they give it over to the blacks without losing control? And I'm going to be the same thing with the American Indians here. We sort of pushed them out of their homeland. And how do you give it back to them? A big problem. And that's days is not one to come up with solutions in this situation. Any other car that is present in a dollar by coming here and going around and making these beaches and talking to the different leaders at different levels, it's showing that he hasn't hold a graduate against those for our policy. And we should think, you know, and why should he hold a graduate? Why should he hold a graduate? Nobody gives you $10 million. Well, the other part is that he at least came over here with his hands open. To collect checks. Well, that's the coming to the end. That's their choice. They were sending money over there anyway. See, the thing that bugs me though is the fact that he has been booked by an organization which is not based in this area. He's been booked to speak in this area. And his appearance here is simply going to again divide the ethnic community in this area. And that, you know, I don't know how, you know, under the first amendment, man has people have a right to booking man has right to speak. But why just wish that it was in Boston or someplace? Because here you have the, you've already got the divisiveness. But he wasn't Boston. And we already had such, we already had such cork, you'll add a tooth in Miami. That we only listen to what we want to hear. I mean, you stands for a wonderful thing. It's a horrible, deplorable condition in South Africa. awful has to be changed. I don't know how though. I don't think he does either. That's the problem. At least they had the dialogues at the extent. Well, you know, he's starting it. It's interesting. And his little speech and his return to Bush yesterday when Bush was quoting Dr. Martin Luther King about the non violence thing. And then Mandal came back and said, way, way, way to minute. I'm paraphrasing very loosely here. If you're, you know, if you're oppressed and, and you have to do some things that maybe you don't normally want to do, which is interesting because in his support of Fidel Castro, there's a lot of oppression in Cuba. So as he advocating then the oppressed people in Cuba to arm themselves and fight against the government, which is exactly what he's saying about South Africa. Mandal, he certainly doesn't point that out or no. He likes the fact that Cuba and the PLO are giving him support money, whatever they're giving them. He'll take it from anyone at this point in time. But also when he was looking back over the fact that Israel was sending money into South Africa and selling them arms, things against. Like when they wanted to post with the focus of that was supposed to be being done and we were sending money. It wasn't until 1985 that we voted about saying that's only five years ago. We did drag our feet sometimes. And it doesn't really say much, but supposedly we're supposed to be to take democratic ideal and that we, but we will still support people and governments that, Yeah, look what Bush is doing with China. China and it happens in Central America. All right, dancing queen things for your thoughts. Very, very nice. I'm a light here, I can tell. He wasn't here yesterday. In Boston, you were just talking to him with there. There were dinners, four Mandela, $5,000 of plate, California, reception tickets were $1,000 to $50,000. I guess, tomorrow in New York, $5,000 to $25,000 of plate. Does that mean you get a sandwich for $5,000? And for $25,000, you get a time rib? Yeah, right. Something like that. Is that how it works? Oh, cold. I guess so. Good morning Hollywood. Yeah, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. First of all, let me tell you, I'm mission of morning. Oh, thank you. My morning drive is not the same. Well, I appreciate that thing. Mandela. Yes. This guy, what first of all, let me tell you, I have been to South Africa. I have relatives, big family in South Africa. I talk to them all the time. Mandela's a communist. He is a bitter, hateful, miserable human being who lies with every breath that he takes. His wife is probably worse than he is. They live in one of the townships called Soito. The little house that they always show you is not his house. He had a house which was forced away to fairly large. They were building, he was in jail at the time. When he was having a castle built, cross the street from where they presently, where they were living at the time. But I mean a huge mansion. That they never show you. We never hear, first of all, let me tell you, apartheid is bad. Horrible. You're horrible. It really is. But it's not as bad as we'll let the beliefs in many instances. Sure it is. You've got a government run by a minority. We're not erase. Let me just tell you. It's wrong. I don't question this. But when you go into the big cities like Johannesburg, blacks go into restaurants along with the whites. The blacks stay in the same hotel. The government does not have one black member. No. No. I forget the government for a minute. We'll get to that. They live in the same hotels. They walk at the same streets. They are not stopped for passports. Which we let the belief has just happened. This has been going off for years now. In some of the small cities like being back in Nazi dump. There's just blacks like being there. They're total slaves in small towns. So the question is, how do we get rid of apartheid? What's the solution? If I do, I would be the very wealthy man. That's right. That's the quietest. I don't think he knows there. He doesn't. There are people there. What's his name? Boyd Lazy. Who is the head of the zoo? Which is the largest tribe in Africa. He's the one who's a much more moderate. Mandela has set down certain rules that he said the white government has to follow. In order for him to sit down and talk with them, he wants everybody released from prison. He wants all restrictions lifted. He wants a lot of things. He wants a lot of things. He has no right because he has no government standing to set down the rules that have to be followed. Well, sir, you don't ask. You don't get it. Well, you could ask, but you don't say that this is the way it must be. You ask. You sit and you talk about where are you going to go? Interesting point. You know, another interesting thing. Somebody who is faded into the far background is Desmond Tutu. Who basically is a nonviolent person. And now we have the Mandela's who are out in front. So what's going to happen when he brings all his guns and stuff? What happens? People will get shot. People will get shot. I did exactly. The last time I was in Johannesburg, a couple of years ago. We were leaving Johannesburg to go up to Pretoria, which is a terrible city, by the way. A partite, that's the capital. A partite up there is in Wwise and Full Force. I mean, it was awful. But we were leaving Johannesburg and, I don't know, ten minutes after we left the city, there was an explosion. Right now one of the hotels outside one of the government police buildings. It blew diamond stores, jewelry stores, buildings up and it hotels out. It was a huge explosion. A censorship, of course, in a newspaper, people don't know about it. They call people, you know, friends or relatives or whoever they know. Within that area, find out what happened. But these bombs really don't accomplish anything. They just kill innocent people. Well, it sounds like the, it's like the, all right. Exactly. The yellow. That's exactly what the, that's what the ANC is. And this guy comes in and tells our president that he's going to teach him about a partite and how a, and the story it goes on itself, Africa. That's nonsense. And as far as, let me just give you another, as far as. So I'm going to take a break here. You want to hang on? Sure. Okay, hang on. All right. We'll take a break. 1041, come back. Don't forget that. Red 11 o'clock. I guess, Bill Tanner, John Clark, mostly. From my power 96 will be in. And we'll continue on a 610 WID. Martin, I'm Sam Mayer. I'm Luke Scott, Radio 610 W. I'm old, too. I think he's just playing at songs. In that great, boy, are we heavy this morning? I, I, more, more, more, more, more. You know, I think there's a big contest going. This is fascinating about over height, the t-shirts, the satin jackets and everything. So what? So we're having a big contest going as to who has the most hype, the new Tom Cruise movie, which opens today, or the Mandela tour. Well, it'll be tough. I would be on a have like rock and roll shirts for, you know, the Wilson Mandela tour of 90. You know? Something like that. Nelson Mandela, Wilson Mandela, Sutton jacket. Yeah. 50 bucks there. Great. And Tom Cruise was on the cover of the book. Logan Rolling, Don magazine. I guess Nelson's got to make the cover of the book. He'll be there next. Obviously. Are we jaded here? I mean, here is a man representing the spirit of human rights. No. The fact that people want to be free. Well, what, what are we buying here with the satin jacket? Are we buying $50 with the satin jacket? Does that buy ammunition to blow away people in South Africa? I'm sure. I'm sure. I'll talk to the doctor. Because he does not, uh, people who's in violence. To get, you know, the injustice, if I was the means that type of thing. Or the means justifies the ends. He is not a nonviolent man. I'm not sure that's the way to go there. And neither is President Bush. Well, now that we're going to have, we have the Cuban community split in Miami on Mandela's appearance. So what we can have is we can have them printing up t-shirts out in front. You think they'll be very vocal out in front as I think. I don't know. There's somebody's holding a news conference today. Cubans in favor of Mandela's appearance is holding a news conference today. Are you serious? Yeah. I'm absolutely serious. We'll get a news update on that one. Let's check out this line in Miami. Good morning. Hi. Hi. How are you? Well, I'm too good in this moment. What? Because I'm listening to the Mandela debate. The only good thing is that you understand seem to be doing a pretty right. Keep it above the table. But the other people are just... What other people, sir? What are you talking about? Give us an example here. Where can you... It's the feeling. It's the feeling of knowing that I'm... By being from Liberty City, I don't have to go far to see oppression. Mm-hmm. And knowing that, you know, I don't believe in it. If you're a rizm or whatever, whatever. But I believe in something because I'm here. And to have people... That's angry and upset. And he's a racist and he's a... They're just missing in dire points. What is the point, tell us? The man was imprisoned... Twenty-seven years of his life. You know, he's fighting oppression. My naughty rule. And... I just feel real negative about Miami and the West, the virus. Because, you know, I have a lot of bad friends and a lot of whatever. Other friends and things. I don't want to, um... Be tamed to it, because who they are. But I find myself easily being able to, um... To find an anger inside. Because it's... By living in Miami, like I see it, but when I live in Liberty City, it's mine. Maybe there is something to it. Being oppressed and having this feeling. And, um... And this anger is okay to be angry. And the one is quite out of getting something. You know, for our condition or... Or... And I'm not saying me isn't in the good way. What is it that you... What does that get you? Or what does it get the community by striking out? What does it... What does it do? Sometimes it makes me feel closer. And more informed than. And it's possible, blacker. Not Americanized, but just... Is right with my roots. You know what I'm saying? It's... It's like I live out in the found blue area. And the white loves it. But I hate it. You know, because I like the smell barbeque. Or here on Gunfire and here... Or see people say, car, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You run right down to Liberty City every time... Well, I'm probably not happy. It's all it's got for you, huh? I'm from there. Yeah, but you... Don't you... Don't you agree with me? You think this is good for the community for this outside group that's holding a National Convention to sponsor him in here? I... Well, that's a good point. Because what they least... I mean, if their convention was being held in Phoenix... We wouldn't hear another thing about this. But it happens to be held here. Which means that Mandela's coming here. He's already spotted the crap about Castro and the PLO. So he's... So immediately he's got two huge groups... Against me. Which are gonna react. What of course? And then within those groups... You're going to have people react. I don't think anybody is disputing the fact... That of his struggle of the 27 years he was in jail. The fact that he still remains true to the ideals that he... ...one's held and still does. But the solutions he's offering are not very palatable. Let me... Let me say our answers to the answer. Because that brings me to the Black community. I also call leaders these people. And then I'm my leader. I don't know who selects these people. Why are you asking? There's a self-appointed. You know why our lives can't go on. If the Cuban community has supported so much... ...or if the Jewish community has supported so much... ...why we can't have our own parade in Liberty City. Why do we have to make an initiative? Who said you can't? Well, I'm saying we want it. I mean, none of them will stand up and say something intelligent... ...like what you do or don't. I mean, these people wanted me to be a quarter in the news... ...by saying what we're gonna go on as a community... ...had to die, die, die, die, die. You know what's one thing is no, they don't even know what to say. Because they really have nothing. You know, the only black leader I've heard being quoted around town... ...is the leader of the end of the WCP. Oh, was he good? That's a good, very good. She's good. She's very short, but she's the only one. We have some positive people. And I will be at Thursday at on the part. What I'm... ...is perfect for us if you know what I mean. You know, for as a people... ...he doesn't need to have acceptance from all of the groups. But we as a group of people here in Miami... ...if it pisses me off that our leader's seen why I'm male expressory. If it's a riot, then they can talk. For anything else like economics... ...or they can talk about drugs, but they can nominate him. Well, that comes with education, sir. But they have nothing to say on these things. Nothing intelligent to say in their bodies. Well, I bothers me too, and it should bother you. Should bother your community. And then... That's why you nom, I'm not... ...I really don't want to become emotional about this. Because I think you and I stay in a hell in the perfect. You're saying what I want to say in an intelligent way. Only differences. I may become a little more emotional. Like, with that last corner, I may call him a racist... ...and telling me, shut up or something. And he's here to renown, yeah. Well, listen, we appreciate your thoughts. All right. Thanks for calling. All right. There's another aspect that's going to be very interesting. And that's going to be the television. Covering? Covering? Of not Mandela. But the community reacted to Mandela. Right. Right. Because the TV stations here in South Florida have this propensity to... ...cater to the Cuban community. And they're going to find themselves in a difficult position. They cause a lot of blacks or already upset. And if they... ...they pull this usual stuff that the Harold and the... ...a couple of the TV stations are known for with regard to the Cuban reaction. And that's why I'm glad to see the split in the Cuban community. Because now what you've got is you're going to have the television news folks who are going to have to be on their toes to make sure they don't give a slanted version of this whole thing. But we know that won't happen. I wish I was. She knocks the mic off here. It's 1052 a lot of colors to get to you. We will do that after this break. Okay. And what they're given cause I'm working for. And postcards have Rochester who Yorked this send to his mom or working out on the ...Nodless Machine at the Local Health Center. But Neil is on vacation. Filling in for Neil this week. Randy Martin and Stan Major on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD. I'd like to see Neil working out on the local nodler. I think that would be quite a sight. Have you? I got a feeling that Neil is not worried told everybody he was going to be. Really? Yeah. You think he isn't holiday all day? I'm not going to say where I think he is. But from what he told me where he was going to go, I think he probably spent a couple of days there and would someplace else. And because you said he doesn't like the cold and it's cold there. Well, you know, let's not go any further than that. People are thinking of no where he is. What a nice day. I've never heard of the buying you suits. That's what did you have the buying you suits? So did you have the pants taken out? Why is every fading away? You're that kind. You don't just go down to the store and pick out new suits because you're look good. Well, I wish I could lose two pounds on the back. Good. It's all on how you dress. 1057, good morning. This is Randy Martin along with standmators sitting in for the vacationing. Neil Roger. We've got some calls coming up here before we get into Newstime. Miami shores. Hello. Hello. I'm going to about the Nelson Mandela thing. The Nelson Mandela thing. Specifically the Hispanic community and their protests. I heard in the news there even talking about rallying when he comes in the town. And I believe one of the guests said, should he have come to Miami? I think it's a perfect place to come to, especially with our problems that we have in the community. It seems the Hispanic community only wants to speak out on issues when it really concerns their point of view. When Orlando Bosch, the whole thing was going on with him, they didn't see any shame of coming out to much of his support. You know. That's a great point. I was going to bring Bosch up and bless you then. And as a bright college student, it becomes very obvious how the whole little system works. It's all right to speak out against Nelson Mandela and his supposed terrorist actions. But when it comes to Orlando Bosch, he makes you wonder is it all right to bomb a couple people out of the sky? Well, you know, that's not your, your point of view and they didn't have your point of view. So it's all right. It's for the freedom of Cuba. Oh, that's patriotism. You know, right exactly. And he was in jail simply because they couldn't find a country to take him. Right. And now it's our responsibility to take in a man who the government says he had something to do with it. But so the human community can understand, you can understand people getting upset with his comments about the jail. I mean, you can understand that. Yeah, that's really. But let's put it this way. Let's say you knew me as a personal friend and I did something for you that really helped you. You know, someone else tells you that I've been doing something else. Which might not stand up to, you know, your morality or something. Do you, are you supposed to hate me? I mean, how are you going to, you know, base out of Kenya? The Cuban community seems to forget he's been in jail for 27 years. He hasn't been visiting for Dale, you know, his name, you know, worry was on his country. He wasn't around visiting dignitaries in other countries. Well, thank you for your call. We appreciate it. We appreciate your thoughts. We've got to take break here, Henry. Barrow with the news and then we've got a whole studio full people coming up next. 610 W I O D. News talk radio 610 W I O D presents the Neil Rogers show. Silling in for the vacationing Neil Rogers are Randy Martin and Stan Mager to get a touch and talk. Call 751 W I O D and day. Brower is 524 W I O D in the Palm Beach is 655 W I O D. The opinions expressed for the guest-soaster colors are not necessarily those of the station. Now for Neil Rogers, here's Randy Martin and Stan Mager. I figure being radio is along. I'm deaf. We can't hear anymore. Without headphones, I got a crank this up real loud. We're joined in the studio by Bill Tanner, Martin Mowley, Cheryl Lee, from Power 90 Think. Well, we're glad to be here. And yeah, you have kind of like this ghostly echo in this room. We like that. We like that. That you love him? Okay. We like that. Well, thanks for joining us. The two loud crews. Exactly. The two loud crews. All that door rest you there. Charlie Broad, sheriff Nick along. We're great. All under the way. Police tomorrow. One down from. There's because beloved. Morals. I can't understand a word. He's dead. Oh, he's dead. Oh, he's dead. I'm gonna rest you. He's on the news crew. I'm wearing that. I'm gonna go on the other side. I wonder, did you hear it? The nightclub is it facade. Is it gonna have a Tonga party where people can wear their tongue? Is I wonder if the sheriff will be there to arrest him? He's been there before. No, no, no, no. It was a good facade. It was a future. I'm gonna arrest him because I'm gonna. I'm gonna host. You're gonna be wearing a tongue. I'm gonna host it. Oh. In a tongue. Hey, look. I think they deleted it. And they should arrest him. Then they have to double the price. You know, I told you on the CBS evening news. Yeah, there as I saw myself. One day I was watching the news. It was one of these things where I had already seen the ABC news. The 30th and so I really was interested in the news. But the people were hooking the cable up. Yeah. So they flipped it over a channel. Six and caught the seven of the clock. News and all of a sudden I came on out of file footage. And what did you say? For a first one. The first quote was pretty good. I said that Donna Summers love to love you, baby. It was like an eight minute orgasm. CBS selected that and my mother said, did you have to say that? No, no, no, no. That's right. That's right. And then I don't remember what the second was. It was highly insignificant, like most of what I said. My career. When we talking about Nelson Mandela all morning and you were doing it on your show this morning. It was the hot topic on our show this morning. Probably will be again tomorrow. It was, I think, one of the fairest, most balanced sides. We have a very Hispanic audience about two thirds of the listening is Latin. But there were a number of Cuban listeners who were calling in saying, well, you know there is. We don't agree with him. We don't agree with his comments about Castro and Gaddafi and Arifat. But we do think that he has a right to be heard and make his statement. So it was more- It's a lot of people remember the way Cuba was the day before. Cuba was. And they, we don't want that way again. We don't believe him but let him go ahead and see- But you know it seems to be that those are- It seems to be that some of the older Cubans, and I- I say this sort of his generalization, maybe trading on Danish granted, but seems like some of the older Cubans are the ones that are so. Ben Thont's depressing, anyone who doesn't agree with what they say. Yeah, that's younger. Which happens to be a lot of people in government. Yeah, yeah, very true. Well of course, and this swings very neatly into this whole two live crew issue here of- You have people playing to the voting public which is old and conservative. And people will call talk shows like this one all day long, and they will call my show, and they will raise all on the air. But ask them the last time that they went to vote and you'll find it awful. Good point. Small, good point. Can you think of two live crew has died down the issue? Is she was died down a lot? I think that's a lot. What did the polls say after it? The public is there. Exactly. There was a poll in the- I'm a little bit more like a little bit more. I'm a little bit more like a little bit more. People are hearing about it. Like you said, stay on television defending it. And so you find yourself in the position of, well, you're my really defending what they're saying. And the answer is no home defending their right to say it. And thought came across on our air this morning that I thought was worth repeating. And that is that the system is supposed to, I think, work that you can- It's a free country. Free speech you can get out and the marketplace of ideas supposedly will shake out. And the best ideas will come to the top. And that's the way it's supposed to run. So that's what the society is all about. Pollurating descent. You may not agree with the person but you should agree with their right to this cent. And you're talking about, here's an interesting thought. So we're talking about in the car coming down, listening to you guys. And Delaware will not renounce violence, right? Right. Well, what's the Boston Tea Party and nonviolent act or what? That's a good point. 10 years ago on Y100, when I was on the morning, I talked to the sky. I can't call as a name, what's his name? Puzzner, Lighting Mayor Puzzner. At that time, he was really spouting the Soviet line. It was right after Afghanistan and I said to him, sir, you know, we have this problem with you just invading another country. And you expect Americans not to be upset. And then he went on and said, well, what if Mexico was falling? And their government called your government and said, please come help us. And you saw chaos about to descend on your southern border. What would you do? And then he said an interesting point. He said, yes, we are a revolutionary society. And I believe yours is too. So, can't find him on that point. Yeah. Well, what bothers me, Bill, is what's the next target then? No, boy, I know. Is it any Murphy? Well, yeah. Navarro, I assume. And then the director, I suppose, will be a nice player. Did you hear Navarro say that he does not find anything else in the record stores of scenes, but that he won't accidentally as a complete player. Or you want to actually get the court order, tact. Let's go buy an Andrew Dites, clay album, and complain about it and see what happens. What complaint to Hudo? Nick, I guess. But we can't take the initiative in my case, according to orders. Nick can do anything, so I was a camera's there. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We have two or more two live crews. No, I'm talking about two live news crews. Yeah, I've been on the floor. We have that with Mexico where it was not. I have a makeup man that's right with me again. You're all far. Are you doing a real bad job? Yeah, thanks. I told him he's not supposed to become my bro together. You know, we have actually hidden miniature cameras in my eyebrows before when we did cops one time. Well, you know, G Michael McKay who's doing your night show while you're doing the midday show here. His telephone operator for that Apple bomb actually has had a fantasy love affair for years with Nick Navarro because she goes from then on one eyebrow. That's probably more children get lost in my eyebrows. But I'm asking this bill or Mark Cheryl. And we're sharing Nick or Sarah Nick. We're going to some sort of show business here. How much show business has evolved with two live crewing? A lot of doing a lot of business or business. I've heard I heard in Saw him on Haraldor. And I don't think he put over too many good points because of the attitude he conveyed. They could turn a lot of people off to. We'll be back to the thing we discussed before of it's very hard to defend them because their ideas are not popular. But then there's something about to be said for isn't it supposedly the hallmark of civilisation is how I'm I'm I'm quoting of what I'm saying. I actually saw just make this up but how a society treats its minority voices. When that this minority colors but its voices of the set one of the great hallmarks of civilisation is how I society's origin treats those people. And no, Luke is not easy to defend. Well a thing is people are willing to listen though. It's just the way he presented it is arguing. Yeah, I agree. Angry. He does not. He does not. Exactly. I mean he was I think we know he wanted to help people. He's not exactly non-angry and non-hospelmels. But he's a bit more articulate. Oh boy, as he can't is from simple to talk show people. Can that man hold his own. Oh what? He's not he's not one to to be politically. What's the word I'm looking for? Well he's trying to be politically astute. He's playing to the voting. He doesn't. He doesn't. He has to the camera. He's set up on our team and he articulates them well. He knows where he stands and he stands where he knows. He understands what he's trying to get across. I think so the the the fact that he is here after 27 years for everything he went through. That's a large reason why people are showing up anyway. Because man up the talk happened. But a way. Let's hear it for your caller that was about 10. 45, 10. 50 when we were in the car coming in here. What an articulate and well spoken person. We were talking about that. In news right from the public. Blacks Act. And he was going to go out to see Mandela and that and your point was well taken about. Here is this what is his abs me that is bringing Mandela in. The problem is that I think he should come to Miami because I think we have to confront and deal with these things. And I think the voices of reason have to speak up. In other words, rather than other police shooting. Or actually that we're not. We're not going to be able to crowd of any sort down in Miami. The only leg of his trip where he's not going to be seen by crowd. And Boston, New York handled it. You know, Washington but not down here. Well, it's interesting that you may reference stand to office or lasano because I was at a. Fair recently where there was a booth where they were selling. And we were talking about the police shooting. And a certain faction of that community views lasano is something of a hero. So, yeah. So, I'm surprised that a group has informed to support these guys that got in. They were off duty, that got in the car. It's off duty cops. And decided they pulled their pistols on to a little. A little fellow president, all operating. I'm surprised it's in the group that's, you know, been informed to support them. And they're going to be notified that. When you see groups, when you're pulling, but that doesn't give a performing or getting. When you see group, you encourage lasano. Because they're trying to fight in the last. When you see groups supporting lasano and selling lasano, t-shirts and t-shirts for his defense fund and things like that. And you have to say, and these are the same people that will say, Don't, let's not have Nelson Mandela in Miami. But stop by a Mandela. Yeah, let's not have a Mandela t-shirt. Ask these people of the same people who will say, Gee, if he ever played in Cuba, let's not have the McCoy or a child. Yeah, right. Right. I heard someone mentioned that on the air. On your show this morning. And they were mentioning it in a negative context. It was a Cuban list of the things that you've got to tolerate. They make the decisions like that. Our community leaders. They make the decisions for the community. Well, in the era of the sound bite, you get back to the whole question of what does it take to get elected. I thought very Neil would say, Ponderous, but it was interesting. The discussion I think it was Bill Moise and of all people, Leslie Stahl talking and it was interesting, but Ponderous. And Leslie Moise was essentially, essentially saying, Look, you people have permitted the election to be stolen in 80, 80, 80, abandon your journalistic responsibility to critique politics and to bring out the issues. So as a result, we have flag waving and who was the prisoner that they were running around, Hortally Horten. And you have all this deciding an American presidential election. And Leslie Stahl says, long, we were saying all the time, Bush is not answered the questions on Iran contra. Will he Horten is this and that the flag issue is not the big issue on to elect the president on this was in 88. And yet what you had for pictures when the pictures of the children waving the flags of Bush visiting the flag factory and the pictures were so overwhelming that they could have been going, During the narrating and the public would remember those pictures. And that says something about the public. Now, probably not. It'll be interesting to see what happens to Bush's popularity now that he's decided that he is going to have to bring in some new tax. We are going to be bringing back some of the old tax. And I believe I can still keep my campaign promise. The American people say the course, thousand points of light, whatever hell that means. I don't even know. Dan sure has held on no. Where is Dan? I don't know. And in the tree hand is in the tree hand. And in the tree hand is in the tree hand. And in the tree hand is in the tree hand. And in the tree hand is in the tree hand. And in the tree hand with the secret service playing Nintendo. All right. In the 118 team, we've got to take a break. Four hundred available here. Give us a holler and date 7519463 and Rowered 524WIOD and Palm Beach 655WIOD. Built Hanner, Mark Mosley, Cheryl V, Stan and I will be back after this. We're back. The 1122 built Hanner, Mark Mosley, Cheryl V from Power 96. Dan and I are back. Shmoothing in between. It's on there. She's talking about on the air. What you guys were just talking about. Well, yeah. That's a hanner ship because that's a very important point. And that is the media lead or does the media respond. Boy, the answer is that the public really responds to the media giving the public what it thinks they want. Okay. But how many congressmen and senators have all had it? All right. Both have it. No, think about it. Think about it. And you were your number security director. glad you're a TV. Got to look the point. That the ultimate thing. That's right. Yeah. How does the media do? Me that in reality the Republicans didn't put quail on the ticket because they thought he would be so photojied. Yeah. And I did that. And I know when you're hard to take it. And also we're going to have to take this big. And now they're going to take the most money. Wait a minute. Who makes the most money during a campaign? Well, the ad agency, your media, the time you recommend the candidate to this do that. And these are the guys who are sitting back in a room at the convention and telling a bush or whoever it may be. Whether or not they feel the American public is going to accept. It's the instant consultant thing. What is this where they get six people in a room? Focus in an instant focus group. You have an instant focus group on who you're vice president. And you see here's the problem. The hard choices facing the country are not easily definable in a TV sound bite. Explain to me to say things alone association, man, please. And a sound bite. And it's down by. Explain to me please the deficit. And a sound bite. In neither of these are sexy topics at all. The public's kind of getting I already about to say things alone. That's because they've heard enough about it. It means the biggest financial scandal in history. One sound bite that comes out of that is five dollars out of every American's pocket for the next 27 years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And in the first place it's like, oh, moring. Who wants to hear about the savings alone saying it's just not his thing. To take care of the public. To take care of the public. To take care of the public. Let's take a call here. See what people are thinking about. Good morning, Miami. Good morning, everybody. How are you all today? Good morning. Good morning. Tenor and I'm always enjoyed to for an XML here that you've been down here. Go ahead. 400. I've been here longer than I am. Very polite. Thank you. That's right. Anyway, this issue has been beat to death, but I'm going to beat it some more. The two lives through it should just want to bring up a couple of points. And see if you agree with me. Thank you, Ronald. Everybody has their studies at glory, seeker. But what people don't stop to realize is that it's a hit thing. They're making a big deal over the two lives, cruel. The thing is, and I'm not putting this right well here. There's two albums out. I know you guys know this. You're working at great. You know this. And I know you're playing with the green and the red versus the nasty version. Okay. Yeah. He's sitting here and standing women. He's sitting here making a big deal over the two lives, cruel. When he can be gone after and you die to play who doesn't make two versions of his album. But there hasn't been a complaint registered against andredice play. Right. I'd like to register. I'm going to have a bunch of other people. I'm going to have a bunch of people. I'm going to have a bunch of people. This is my next point here. You get one person. Let me take married with children for example. I happen to like that. So I don't like that. You have one lady up in Illinois. I went to the house. He was at make a complaint about married with children. So there you got 450 people after her that are going to say, oh yeah. We're making the same in a way agree with us. And it's like laundry. I lost a lot of average. And then one nut can definitely spoil a barrel. But I love the tank. I'm going to hold a lot of letters to everybody. And there's another point across. Well, you know what it's going to be next. It's not going to be energized. It's not going to be anything like that. You know what it's going to be next? It's going to be severe news to Miami. It's going to be burnt. Oh, it's going to be burnt. Oh, it's going to be burnt. Oh, it's going to be burnt. Oh, it's going to be burnt. Oh, it's going to be burnt. Oh, it's going to be burnt. Since the man here's got to go. Yeah. Well, it's one principle already tried it. Right. Standing this shirt. Sure. They said that don't want to have under a cheaper shirt. You know, the problem with all these arguments is that there's a little truth in both sides. And that's when the argument becomes hard. It's not just clearly black and white. But see, kind of here's the thing that gets me. But let's say for an example, I'll use myself as an example here because I'll do this. It's happened before. Let's say that I listen to your show, which I happen to listen to at all. Let's say I listen to your show. And Tyrone does a wrap or something on there. And let's say that he does something that I don't agree with. And I call up and I say it. And I say to the states and manager, all this, this went on the air this morning. And then somehow, he gets threatened to the news and stuff like that. And then you know, you know there's going to be three or four of people from it. So yeah, we heard it too. Oh, yeah. Now, nobody's going to say anything. And like I said, say something. I like to ask Tanner, a question since he's in management over there. Has Tyrone ever done anything? Or has Mark Ever done anything all of Tyrone, which has resulted in a very legitimate and concerned company from a black community? Yeah. How do you handle it? Yeah. And from time, that was early on in the character. Early on. I think that people concerned. And we liken it to the Archie bunker situation. It's parody. It's very high. We are an equal opportunity offender. We have, and it's a happy bottom. We're sitting here today. Let's jump in a red name from David Flaur. Hey, you get red wood ladies and gentlemen. Here. Thank you. Thank you. Be open. Why not? I have not made a couple of weeks. And I would like a beard. I know y'all can give you a wife. You know, his wife is a 30 woman with back hair. Oh, she's a cold weather woman. No, I mean. So, you know, but that is, and we got complaints. Well, we had Mindy on our show. We got complaints about Carmen Gonzalez from the community. It's a historical character. And, you know, the fact is that people... Doesn't that show you the kick hands please everybody? Well, sure. And that's something to try that. Fortunately, nobody can. I think on this station, I mean, you know, they get complaints all the time about Neil and, and about, I'm sure everybody else on the air, but if Management doesn't understand that the descent is the format. I just want to ask one more question and maybe bring up another point here. How come they... This would give me how come they singled out the tool after the public enemy number one, though they did professor graces on my side. They did because they're in Broward County. And another thing... No. I was not type from you. I don't think they can make it. Now, I don't know if you all are familiar with the reggae music, but reggae has... If you listen to some of the reggae artists like shovel rings or tiger or anything like that, which I don't know if you're familiar with them, but they just exactly do the same thing as two. I have pruning their tool on a different step. Nobody's ever complained about them. If you feel as strongly about any particular thing that's defending you and you have the time and are willing to invest it, you can affect the type of change that the gentleman that started the two-life crew has brought about. Thanks for calling. I think they take some other calls. Interesting point, though, is it just Broward County? Is it because two-life crew is in Broward County? Well, you do have certain... Certain elements in Broward County. The two-life crew is locally a little bit of a day county, but they, you know, date Broward in the local area that is the judge for how to surf by the same case. It's not a big, it's not a big, it's a big part of the story. I think about where to return to the media. I don't have any people, do you know they say? I live in South Florida. Sure. But anyway, the point is that you do have a publicity-speaking sheriff. You do have a rabble-rousing rap group that is here locally and very available. And you have a back to the whole thing of a very conservative and older voting public. Did you see the pictures in the paper of Nick with the people who have organized, Sunday schools, have organized little 80-year-olds to say, We love Sheriff Navarro, who is the poor. Yeah, you know. I mean, that's, you know, he can... It's like the White House in the Nixon years, and they would talk about the polls and how their mail was running. Well, the Sheriff tells you how his mail is running. Yet the poll that was taken didn't try that interesting. In the paper, this past Friday morning was a Thursday, Friday morning, and the poll and said that a large number of people, I think it was about a 53-54 percent majority, really supports the two-live crew in this issue, granted that it's the young younger and more- They're tired of hearing them, and they want Nick to get off the TV already. They're a third of them want to go. It's not for ready. It's not for ready. But that, um, Brewer County, OK, Nick Navarro, really put us on the map for this evening. Let's ask you a question. Sheriff is here and Randy here here. Let's... have you listened to this as best as you want to be on? I think it's pink. I think it's pink. But I think it's awful. And how offensive is... How offensive as women is this to you personally? Very offensive. So I don't listen to it. Uh-huh. I feel... I feel... Practically the same way. It's like it's there. OK, I don't have to listen to it though if I don't want to. It's just like a lot of Andrew Dice Clay. I can take like five or ten minutes of Andrew Dice Clay, but I would not pay $20.25 to go sit through a whole bunch of people. I was to go sit through a whole concert of him, Carson, this is the F.W.S. This, the F.W.S. This, after a while, it gets to be boring. Would you go right to turn it off? We're not going to the concept. Return this show off. We're not by the record. Yeah, but I think the people who want to censor that and prevent it in the name of cleaning up things. Who are they to speak for Sheriff? Or you? Who are they? Who put them in charge? There's like a lot of separation. I mean, our person goes to church every Sunday. And they say, you know, don't listen to that. That's bad. But you've got to make your own choice. It's like, okay, well, the church doesn't like it, but I have my own opinion. Like Mario Cuomo and abortion. What happened when did both of the end? I think it went too far from the start. We need to protect the children from being exposed. Didn't that up to a parent? And Mark is my parent, exactly. I am a parent. And if I know that my eight-year-old son Chris can go into the record store and buy the two-leaf crew album, then that to me is unacceptable. It should be put behind the counter. It should be... What it was was, I think the judge made the ruling with the intention that this should happen. But what it happened was, then people went to farms that, okay, you can't... You can't... No one has listened to this album. No one can listen. No, that's definitely overstepping the interpretation. I mean, you're a misinterpreting what the judge is ruled. You think Bill, when this goes to higher court, that's on the wrong one. You got it. There's a school of thought that said the judge knew that he was going to be overturned on a higher level. And that he could fit right nicely in with the right thinking moral people in our community. And come down on that side, easily knowing that he's going to be overturned. That's an odd thing philosophy. But do you have any problem with stickering album stage? Well, I have a problem period, but I think that in the real world, personally, I have a problem, I think you should split up there. But they're putting ratings on movie. Exactly. And I think in the real world, Randy, you have to accept that because you have a lot of people. Just as Martin Moseley said, you have the two-life proof that is pushing the line. Pushing it horribly, they've offended you, they've offended Cheryl. Martin Moseley doesn't want his kid listening to him. And therefore there must exist if we're going to have their right to speak, then you have to have some sort of a screen to say, hey, they're speaking this, and maybe parents ought to know about it. I've kind of reluctantly come around. Do you think the same goes for an Aussie, Osborne record? I think it's even more difficult in that situation because then you get into religious... You also have that case coming up on July 16th, where they're saying that some rock group, or whoever it was, called some sitting commit suicide, that was just a rolling stone. And then you have Charles Manson's people who claim that the Beatles helped her. How did you tell her? Sure, it was part of that murderous rampage, it took place what the late 60s. No, it was in the Donald Hambridge. That's okay, let's take another call. He was going out and browered around the air. Yes, basically, I'm a former broadcaster myself, a few of people know me. Basically, what I'm getting at is, this is America. You want something you buy something. If you don't have to listen to it, well, you don't have to buy it. Well, a 10-year-old child who really cannot make up his mind, or that may be drawn to this, because of the mystery of it, the entry of it. Can go or could go in and purchase it. That's true. I think that's not a good thing. Well, I mean, how many of you here are small children, small young boys, making way boy into school? I think it's a cool thing to do. Let's find the two-life crowd to be pornographic. Let's put it behind the counter. It was begun with my radio. No one can listen to this. But I don't think you burn books or ban records in a free society. Well, I know. I don't have to point. My point is that, okay, sure, put it behind the counter, put an age limit on it. But you can't take it away from a free society. This is a free society. As we start to see that America is turning out more like Russian, and Russia is turning out more like America was. How many times have I heard that? Yeah, and I'm going to talk for a long time. I mean, this is absurd. It is absurd. It's really absurd. Unfortunately, it comes from the place where we live too, which I think it even more. This is a yes guy asked me how I felt about this area being known for dirty lyrics. I feel much worse about it being known for censorship. Yeah, you're right about that. So, what are they saying that deregulation is happening? If you watch Channel 39 or 33, all the non-affiliate stations, you can see TNA all day long. That's going to stop. Because Jesse Holmes and his cohorts are... Hey, help us. Is that right in the polls? Is he going to lose? I hope. Well, what about the whole arts funding? Yeah, the whole maple. Funding or withholding funds or shutting down exhibit? No, it's very hard to defend to Christians, the concept of an arts exhibit, where the guy is immersing across the crucifix in urine. That's very hard to defend. But the point is, as a whole, I have a run across crowds of people holding up jars of urine with crucifixes. And the lower run across crowds of people. So, what? Could you, the taxpayer, fund that kind of art? Well, that is a real... You know, that's the question. A real sticky question. Or whether it should come from private funding. That is... I don't think the government really has much business at all, it being involved in the arting art, I mean, then you have just... Who is the government, Jesse Holmes? Well, that's the scary point. I know. Again, who is this man? And why is he telling us what's art and what's not? That's why we need those new taxes. Oh, we can show crucifixes in urine. Thank you, George. I think this mobile. Totally against the lyrics. Oh, I feel like Barbara. Hey, Jeremy. Do you want to get in? Yeah. Do you want to? I don't like broccoli. I don't like broccoli. Well, let's ban it. I don't have to, but I wouldn't ban broccoli. I can't. I can't. I can't be burdened at this juncture. It wasn't talking us. It wasn't being good. Totally against it. Everybody has a right to listen to what they want to listen to. That's why I'm president. I think he's... Thank you. And tonight. I'm making another mobile call. Good morning. Good morning. First time caller. I've here to show constantly and finally got up to nerve to make the phone call. Good for you, sir. I really want to talk a little bit about the situation. Not only regarding two-life groups, the other things that happened happening lately in Broward. I'm 31 years old and I like to go to the Instagram. Your phone is really awful, sir. He's... The link is all in gone. Well, then God likes to go to the Instagram. You would not like to have a contact. I'd like to have a contact. Exactly. Spend some money. So get a better phone. Let's take a look at my mobile back. Get a better phone. You know, I hate to say this. I hate to make generalizations. But I have to think that if the... The top, the story of the century were to happen. And we were to establish contact with an intelligent race from another galaxy. The first question, the Spanish media would ask is, well, what's their position on Castro? Yes. And did they ever play in it? Well, and can they use the Cairo show? I mean, the mandal is just not about that. Castro's an a magnetism, even though man he's on the way out. And that was about something else. Some embarrassing he stole a lot. That's all he's doing. Yeah, it is. That was pretty. I have tried. I also want to say, Tanner, you just want to the most articulate intelligence voices on the media down here. Thank you. Thank you. And I appreciate it. I appreciate we don't get to hear you, man. That's basically like the heavy topics first thing in the morning. Yeah. That's what makes cane number one into yours. Let's talk about the new team. Yeah. And I think you talked about the survey and the media and how it influences these things. I wonder if any of you can actually say what it was the Mandela said about Castro? Boy, you know, there's a nice good good question to me. In my mind, what he said now, this, that's that's very important to hear it. People here know it only here. I'm sure I heard the sound by it, but let me spit back to you what I think he said. And then you can, if you obviously have the sound. No, no, I haven't heard it. And that's my point. And what I think he said is that he's, these people supported him with nobody else. That's right. I'm going to go back on it now. Everybody said. Because, you know, the challenge it blows up and they practically run a continuous loop of it on CNN. But maybe it's a little bit complicated the way he phrased it. And the long article in the hell didn't have the growth. And it's the article about that didn't actually call it. I thought on TV. You know, I call the clip I think from the couple. The couple show, right? Exactly. Nightline. And why I don't think it's been on much. And that, you know, that is, you know, a lot of people are reacting to this as, as happened, typically with this kind of thing without having heard what it was. You know, I'd like to like to hurt it myself and judge for myself. Nelson did not, in fact, you know, parade up and down the street with a flag that said, yay, cast your right. Yeah, right. Well, like I said, he has another agenda. He's got a much, much bigger face to fry and you know. He's got anybody that supports him. Anybody that gives them what they need. And that I have a little bit of a problem with. That's kind of, I mean, come on. I mean, castros, human rights abuses. Doesn't seem more, I don't think I'll call, I call, call higher, so in articulated, very well in the hero list. Yeah. Yeah. When he said that basically, you know, Mandela, our heroes have played feed at times. And that, and that Mandela's off base with Castro and our fat, and all I'm not talking, and so on. Yeah. And, but that does not mean that he's not a hero, but quasi. You know, I agree. Right. And he has a hero. And I agree with you. Here's about something else. If I may one last thing real quick about patriotism and free sweet, free speech. What flag waivers and so-called patriotists miss all the time with this kind of thing, is the difference between condoning and allowing. You know, you may be, and it's, it's when you find something where you're responsible, then it's all that much more important that you defend that, as opposed to someone who agrees with it, because that's a real proof of our free to defend a lot of people to tolerate ideas that is not their own. That's right. And it's an easy, you know, it's an easy top out to call yourself a patriot and defend all the easy things. Like the stars and stripes and the flag and the presidency. But to stand up and defend something, you personally find a offensive that is real pitch. And when people said that the founding fathers didn't have the two live crew in mind, I suggest to you that they had other things that were just as intolerable to them as their live crew. I'm sure they did. Benjamin Franklin said, I mean I agree with what you say, but I'll defend to the death you write to say it. Thank you. Thanks for the time. Thank you for calling. Bye-bye. Let's take another line. My amy. Hello. Hello. I like to dedicate that role to what I'm saying towards both teenagers, Mark Mosin and children. They're there now. Yes, they are. How are you doing, guys? I live in the Parnaic statement. I was doing concert work as head on the concert day. I did like. I did like. Still broken, buddhist. Yeah, I could tell little screws. I'd like to say dedicated songs. Now, too, guys, I've got the power. It's Parnaic sixes the best station in the nation. Parnaic guys, ladies. Appreciate it. Thank you. That's just a station in the nation, eh? Well, I do think Parnaic sixes this. It is one of America's most unusual music mixes. And there's a good reason for that. You talk a lot. There's a lot of talk out there these days about bottom up marketing. It's even a book. And Parnaic sixes the response to the community that it transmits to. Here's my question to you. How do the white boy from the South appeal to a Latin, a large Latin audience? I listen to the street. Both Mark Mosin and Bill Tanner and Jim really are white boys from the South. But we love this place. This wacky crazy place called Miami. I absolutely love its diversity. I live in Broward County. And I love to hop in the car and spend an afternoon talking about it. South Miami or our Kyocho or even more obscure parts of West Dade. And then you know, get in the car and go to Palm Beach and act like you can afford the stuff on worth having here. I love diversity. I grew up in Mississippi, which was about as unilateral society as you possibly could. My father was a government employee all of his life. And that was then. This is now. And I enjoy the diversity. Mark's is back. I come from a very prejudice background. I was at a fairly early age I decided that that wasn't me. No, I don't think that I like people. I like different suits. I grew up where my fascinating. My grandmother's made a black woman as dear to my family as any of the people. My grandmother as any family member would bring her her daughter was retarded. And she had a child who was my age. And the child would would come to work with his grandmother. And would play and we would play all the time. When came time to eat dinner and sunny. He was sunny. Couldn't eat dinner with us. And as long as I can remember as a small child, I thought this is a pile of crap. And I can remember many dinner table discussions. My older brother through bricks at Ole Miss. He through bricks at James Meredith. And while I was on the air as a child as a teenager, broadcasting at what was in a mutual affiliate Just like this one is, when Kennedy was making his speech. And we were carrying it. And he was appealing to the people of Mississippi. To use their sense of history. And to remember their heritage. And tolerate this, you know, what was then called an outside agitator and allowed this admission to Ole Miss from James Meredith without violence. While the station was broadcasting this, I looked down and driving around around the station where people with confederation, with people with confederation flags tied to their radio and tenors. And they were all, we were from the second floor in the building with a newspaper. And they were riding around the station, blowing their horns and shining their headlights and giving us the finger. And I thought to myself, I wonder if there's a runway that you're right. It means that we're in the back door to this place that I ever found. We've really hit upon that. I mean, it's mostly a Latin oriented station. Wasn't that way when you were at the Y100? No. I think how I said is less intended to be a Latin station than it is intended to reflect Miami, which is somewhat Latin town. And that's why you're here at Group White Rock set. We played at Rockset Record, it shouldn't have been low. It could have been low. It might have been low. Must have been low. Must have been low. I've got a lot better. Low. And I noticed you might have seen this morning I had the music research out looking at it while we were on the air. And the number one record is something like Tiana and first two love, which is a very Latin dance record. And the number two record is the Rockset record. And the point is, Miami is a very, it's a melting pot. And the music reflects it as a melting pot. So we're not just a dance station, but we're dancing sea because the community is rather Latin. I mean even when you add Broward in, there's a strong Latin influence. And then on the other side of the point, when I was the program director of Y100 in the morning got there for nine years, Y100 covered a lot of bases. It was for housewives who liked rhythmic or even black music. And generally the Latin listeners fell along those lines and you have white women that are in the Indian and teenagers that were from the New York area that grew up listening WADC before Stan was on there. And no cane. The BK. Well bottom line is what is close going to do in the market. It'll be in the mix with the rest of them. Better than JTR. Number one, it leaves you to sell in JTR because probably the cost of being a nation. Yes, probably because the salesman here are more acclimated to selling it. And you know this business is again, it's all about making money. I want to say the answer to your question about the difference in Y100 in here is that the diversification of media, the ex, the tremendous number of FM stations that come along and maximize their stations, their power, their signal, their promotion, their advertising, their giveaways, their disjockeys and all things that make a music station. So you know 10 years ago magic 102, which is probably the revenue leading station in the market these days, was just a little small disco station that was the FM of WRBD. I remember that. And a very underpowered license to pop in OBTS. All the people who come along and improve their radio stations so that that big tent that used to be called Y100, in fact they're playing to a small faction themselves. Let out which are you know, Anglo women, they've had to renounce the teens and renounce the Nixon, what they have left is the third place contemporary radio station. I mean they're making a living with it and it's at what it is, it's alright, but what it isn't is a winner. Let's take this mobile calls and I'll hold for a while you there. Yeah, I'm so here. How are you? Good morning. Good morning. The reason why I was calling is regarding the situation was the two lives crew and Mr. Nick Navarro. Characters right now, Glenn. Yes, four years there. I know we haven't talked enough about it yet, so that's why I want to put my two fans out. I think we've talked about it. There was a year of two minutes. Alright, my her local king. I think I saw like Andy Griffith. Who me? No, yes. Oh Nick, I know the shirt. Anyway, what I wanted to say, I've been living in Broward for a couple of years only. And I've been noticing it's very disturbing when being a young person when you start seeing a destruction of the spring, for example. Even though there were problems with it, but I don't think they had to take so drastic measures against it. The other? Can't have all those kids down here, sir. Oh, no, that's bad. Is that the same thing? Glenn, you think it's the same thing. Luther Campbell pushes the line. That's the kids for spring break. Push the line, all of a sudden the authority figures go. Well, we know the enforcers. We're saying all the way back. Yeah. Where one? Dependium swings all the time. Yeah. The other thing, for example, is, well, they did away with the spring break. They did away with the most of the populous bars in Broward also. Now they're, well, it gets an naughty video. Oh, obviously. I don't know about that. I've got to introduce the get them. I can't give my videos. How about the person in Alabama who's complaining about that satellite, they connects to the American triple-exodus? And that's gone. I mean, what does it take to take only one person to take it off? Or did in that case, that's all. What person to start it? I mean, because where are we in this situation? I would like to go against whoever it is. I believe in everybody having their own right. Don't you think the problem is that they're organized and we're not? It could be. I just don't know where we're going. Well, we're going very empathetic about voting. No. I think gossip really tell people. The only way they're going to change things like this and get people out of office that are making rules for you is to vote. I think the conservative element has always been better organized than I don't even call it liberal because the L word is such a dirty word which may be. Please don't use that. God, no way. I know that the situation is how, how, where do I, I mean, as I said, I haven't been here long period of time. I've been here only a couple of years. But I'd like to defend my way of living. I'd like to be able to have a satellite dish. I'd like to be able to go and go with Pablo Fargo there. If I want to random it next Friday's video, I want to be able to do this. You don't prefer to live in Romania. You want to be in Port Laternaille a great place to die. What a great advertisement. Yeah, a great place to die. A great place to die. What a great advertisement. It's true that they wouldn't name the community sunset because of that very fact. It's a daily sunrise. No, I call it a little melon. That's right. Well, it's like every comedian says, you know, my parents are over 60 day live in Florida. That's the law. I mean, that's the law. I've been there for a while. I spend them over there and forget about them. We spend them there to die. So what can I do? We can go. Is that it? I think. But you have to organize and you have to have a sexy film. Sound by. Because the other people who you, you mean it really is about a Randy's back to this whole thing of telling me. No, I disagree. I absolutely disagree. And if this gentleman will give me a minute, I'll tell you exactly what he can do. Sure. There is an individual who will remain unnamed on this program who is basically behind all this stuff. You can do exactly the same thing. But the reverse by simply organizing a group to keep an eye on what this particular individual here here here here. And what other individuals of like kind are doing because if as long as we can't rely on the Miami-Herald and the Sun Sentinel, we certainly can't rely on the TV stations because they're federally licensed. We can't rely on other radio stations because they're federally licensed. It takes an individual with a lot of time on his hand. A lot of time. A lot of money. A lot of money. A lot of money. Well organized. Who believes in the first amendment to the Constitution who believes in a what a guy like Neil Rogers ought to be able to say on this program. Absolutely. There's something Stan is 110% correct or believe it. Okay. Thank you sir. Thank you for calling. Thank you very much. 1154. We've got to take a break here. We'll come back with the whole crew and continue this discussion. Next time news talk. Great. Let's get in. Paul Washington. Whitewaterdale. Talking about how bombs are ceiling 95 god rail. Win Thunder. Leaves with the bullet and the dish up. Onto the stream. Boom his partner and fish up. He said this stuff is in. The eye with his nose. He's covered no more Tina than the two lives. Oh, we'll have more than sales. Comment up at 5. 30 people don't bump the doors. They're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They first all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They first all the time. Bob had heard the album and he was a Paul. He said, thank you Janet Reno. A grandad. That's what called. We got to take a stand. I guess it's 30. Rime beside is really close to the electron. His broward judge, friends, that I will not fail y'all. We'll spend for any mention of Janet failed y'all. They're selling six of kids going through two vertices. The two live crew. Yeah, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They first all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They first all the time. He kicked crap of butts. So don't you have what? The most of the people said the guy is a pun. He read the land of back, noise, delusion. Even though it went against the con, the two sons and what did we do? During all of this job, it's so 10,000 more copies. It's 1295. People are a brand-newmer. They've really hurt Steve Robin into the bank. Because he's so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They first all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They first all the time. It's an emotionally productive, isn't it? No, it's ambition. Right, ambition from Cannell Canine. I wish. I wish. Really looking for you again tonight. Oh, I'm glad. And we'll be back as we'll build Tanner. Mark's mostly a Cheryl V. Dan and I. And Gail Bride with a newsman. And Bill Tanner and Mark's mostly in Cheryl V. From Power 90's. So what's the problem here? Your programming is ready at this. Yeah, but not of controversy. Tanner, so jealous of the Rickshaw drop-ins. I know. I know. I know. Yeah, come on, Neil. Do it up. Do it up. There it is. Stop up. But that's what he was talking about for a lift. Yeah. I think, I think that probably my admiration for Neil Rogers with people listen to this show is known. I think Neil is brilliant. He is certainly one of the top people that I've ever heard on any radio station anywhere. What a tremendous width. He's a witty, quick comeback. And his voice alone. You're going to get read the pressure on his face. Which I tell my just jockies. They will attest to program practices. I want to hear the expression on your face. And Neil is I would hold Neil up as an example of that. But come on. You're going to get him a new guy. Yeah. You're going to get up. Neil, come on. And take away the promotion department and change it to the controversy department. Get the boots out of the building and lift. Go! Yeah. Right. Against the rules. Hey. The cox sisters ain't going to lose the license. And so let's get on with some great radio. It was getting some fun on the open. I just want to point out one quick thing. WNWS days where the cartoppercio talk radio basically started years ago. What 70, like 70 or 71. It was 70, it was 70, it was 70, it was 70. So it existed and it was, I guess, thingly owned or, you know, and it was kind of like that. It was not a big corporate situation. No. And it existed kind of like a boil on the rear end of my and the radio. But a lot of people listened to it and it was successful. And so here comes the big company, Jefferson Violet. And they're going to put on a talk radio station on a 50,000-mod radio station. Right beside it everybody should have switched over right, but they didn't because it was milk toast. Problem. And so they said, well, if we can't, it must be our signal. We only have 50,000. We only have 50,000. We have a little signal here and we'll buy it. If we can't create it, we'll buy it. And as soon as they bought it, they ruined it. Because the name of this form, that is not talk. It's controversial. Hell raising. So if you are our PD, I would tell you to raise more. Right on the call. Where are you from? Through the corporate people. Well, let's get the phone. I'm working. Where is the hell? Miami. Good. Broward. Hey, are you guys doing that? I don't know. That was actually a deal. I don't know. Everybody get a douche bag. No, I'm not. I don't know. Okay. Okay. Now, did you guys hear the news? Are you guys want to call me and Della? A calming? Well, I get the take on and no one. Oh, I think you just call me a douche bag and you don't. You know, really, really. Okay. I'm just going to touch on the two live crew thing much you guys freak out. First thing is, the parents should teach their kids more than Dahlie. Not to share with next. If they know what's right and wrong and they listen to the record, they know they did just a joke. Don't don't believe it. But Sheriff Nick wants everybody to think well, their kids are going to believe it. Sheriff Nick wants to get elected again. Well, I hope everybody remembers the vote in two years. Yeah. That's good. That is the case. I mean, I already sort of vote on my eighteenth birthday. Do you vote? Absolutely. Every vote. I don't care. It's for some stupid bill. You know, our bond issue. I vote for every time. I read the paper every day on 25 years old. I think that's a majority of that. No, unfortunately, it's not. Especially for our baby's own. So now that you do encourage your friends to have any of your friends. How many of you have your friends do? Probably about 50% which is what showed up for the last presidential election. It's possible to emotionally charge people to the point where they will get angry enough to go out and don't. If that's what it takes to do, then you have to do it. What I try to do is you're looking contact. When people come and complain to me about Reagan or Bush or anything like that, I just look out and say, Did you vote? And they say no. I think they don't talk to me. They're not talking to me. I mean, he's not cool to vote. No, they're happy to see it. They don't want to break the loose past the crunch takers and turn up the so-called three-company. Yeah, I'm too busy or I don't want to take the time and see what's time on my wife. Or they don't complain for the next four years. I think a lot of what had to do with their last election was everybody knew George Bush was going to win. They knew the caucus was going to lose and people don't want to vote for a loser. Well, what everybody else says, and this is true too is when you're on the fence. You know, and you say, wow, I don't know. You know, you think they don't go to the winner. We all talk about voting in the first thing comes to mind as a presidential election. When all the laws that we're bitching about here are done by the state or the local, the city ordinance people who's representing you at the city council meeting. And I don't know about you guys when I go there and I see all these names who always people in the way. What have they been for? Well, we couldn't even vote in Judge Gonzalez. He was appointed. Yeah, that's true. You know, that's true. We can't vote him out. We're stuck with him. Thank you, Jimmy Carter. Yeah. You know, and I'll tell you that one last thing, and wait for the next two-life true album. Because this is all going to start again. Yeah, you know what it's called, don't you? No, what is it called? Band in the USA. Oh, yeah, that's right. I'm not a weak from tomorrow, I believe. Yeah, it's all going to start again. It's going to be just as nasty. And we're not telling you it's a media boys form. Yeah. And then you're not going to say, so more album. I'm sure they have let any additions out there. There have not heard that they're putting a clean version out this time. Although Luther Campbell did tell, I assisted program director, he was going to do a clean version of the first single for us. Now, whether they're going to release this is a, you know, to be bought by the public. The question is, is the new album coming out and it can't be played on the airways? Where are people going to hear it? Well, it will be played on the airway. The little news was bathtub gin. You know, if it's clean, then you can play it on the air. Only the other, they had three albums out before, Nass is they want to be. And people that listened to live crew musical, Calu, that the third album was worse. If that's possible. You could play it on the third album was worse than those ones. What? Yeah. I thought it was pretty funny. I mean, you know, the me so horny sound bite from that comes from what is the movie? Mark, you're Mr. Wuh. It's a Vietnam movie where the Vietnamese hookers are trying to get the soldiers to come in and they're going to tell me, Oh, these are horny. That's the sound bite that the song, Mr. Horny, was lifted with milk around. And so I thought the song was pretty clever. I mean, it's like a lot of the other records you come in. We're going to like, where is it? Yeah, I mean, people say to me, do you really like that music you play on the radio? And I say, no, I'm much prepared bow Donaldson, the Haywoods. And I play the Wyland, hundred. You know, I mean, you're breaking. Yeah, pop music. But the point is this that it was all right for what it was. And a new would be popular because the actual cleaned up version is like a wink. And sexy, but not too dirty, right there. Clever records, like that, are hit with the public. Now, I do have some problems with this for a long time. You see, to our audience, this whole debate is ridiculous because it's closing the barn door long after the horse is galloped away. Because they all ran out and bought whichever version they wanted during the how many months and nine months or year that it was out. We're no one said anything about anything. And so they could buy whatever they wanted. So they're like, what is all the half? I wanted to. I said, we sit on the air. I would have loved to have been in in the courtroom when the judge ruled on this. And when he said, you cannot buy this album to be able to lean over and whisper in his ear. Excuse me, judge, they already have it. You know, and it's worth just vastly increased. Thank you. Exactly. What is that? 2.7 million copies of the like that? We were talking to Witchie Packer because he was trying to figure out how much of each album sold, Campbell Gott. A lot because he does not have a record cup in the middle of it. That's pretty pointed out. Exactly. He has had many opportunities to be affiliated with a major record label and has wisely turned them down saying, why do I need you guys? I'm getting all right. Thank you, system. It might be a hard story. I'm not a guy. But yeah, that's also going over into other acts. You mentioned after guys play who hasn't been touched yet, but Madonna was almost censored in Toronto. Yeah, but what really happened as soon as she said, come on and maybe a little first, they said, oh sorry, sorry. For what I understand, she said, if you want to, I'm not going to actually say, I'm not going to change my something act for you. And if you want to cancel the concert, you tell 30,000 people. Yeah. You know, not me, and then they backed off. But that was well, it's just been made by the police. Not even you. Well, I mean, everybody agrees is aligned over which we don't want our kids to step the exposed or our wives or our mothers or whatever. And that's sort of pretty much agree. Of course the question is, we can't agree on where the line is drawn or particularly for my saying, what who's going to draw the line? Okay, but let me ask you this question. Just as a devil's advocate here. And subscribe to HBO, cinema, and show time. I pay money for those. And an Andrew Dice Clay pops up, or an Eddie Murphy pops up on one of those channels. I'm not getting my money's worth because I'm not going to watch these guys. And it bugs me is that they're on these page channels with their stuff. Because I don't want that on my household. And I don't want to watch it. It's a lock on me. I've already paid for that, but I don't want it. It's not to say, and you're going to your argument is going to say, well, suppose it's a Arnold Schwarzenegger movie on you don't want to watch it. It's not the same thing because I can leave the stupid violent movie on without fearing that the children in the household are going to hear the F word in every 10 seconds from an editing. Murphy or whatever. Although the F word is certainly prevalent in a lot of these movies that are, yeah, that's true, but not, but not. It's not the extent that the F word, I hear that. I mean, it's not a whole lot. When Heidi, that'll stop your project. Yeah, it's when Heidi, and just watch my Heidi movies and y'all leave me alone. Because I'm a comedian. I'm a bad guy. I don't want you absolutely to put 10 seconds of gravity. I did. I can do that. I can probably get to hell. Don't keep the hand away. We're going to cut out for a car. I take your hand off the button. Where are you back? Get ready to hear. Hello, you I OG. We just was sitting here trying to figure out how we would program radio stations if we had one. You have critiques on every radio station down. Sure, it's my job. You listen to radio station other than yours and for no time. Yeah. Well, I have radio stations that I'm, my personal favorite radio station that I listen to from my own home. Just enjoy how I'm not working is the reality. And I listen to, I like the CBS News on wins. You know, punch over and hear that. But that's not music. Music radio. Music radio. I listen around to different radio stations. I'll punch competitive. Of course, that punch, why 100? And hot one, I'll five to see what they're doing. But they're programming doesn't really interest me because there's not much entertainment values, mostly records just back to back records. And so that I do more in the concept of working. But for enjoyment, I like, I like, I like to say about the competition though. Yeah, I think hot one on five is a good radio station that is extremely well programmed by a brilliant programmer, Keith Eisley. Excellent. I think that the people, my friend Frank Hamadeo, who programs Y100, is a nice person and is completely overrun by the manager of that radio station who should stay out of the programming. That's crazy. And everybody knows it in the market too. But they'll tell us how you really feel for the program. But I'm not kidding. Don't sugarcoat it. When you talk about the radio stations around the adult contemporary stations, I find some records that I like on coast. I used to like, you know what I used to like. I used to like joy before they changed it because I'm 45 years old. The point that was called 41, format 41. And boy did they hit my button all the time. But you see here in the twilight years of my rather mediocre career, I have the demographic, the age of demographic, the zirability. You know programming for you. And so no one programming. You're a person of power when you're in your car. Can you listen calmly? Oh yeah. I'm getting, I believe. You get upset about some things you hear and as Cox will tell you, I do call heatedly at times. But I believe that mostly what this jock is need when they're on the areas in encouragement. You need to be the disjockeys to hear. Boy, you tore it up on that last one. Excellent. More, more, more. And that, if that is the attitude that the program director has most of the time, that that really brings out the creativity and the individual people on the end. That's what I want, personally, is a program director. I will say this, not many people apparently agree with me because radio is pretty damn planned out here. Yeah, some years ago somebody said, oh, well the disjockeys are all talking too much. And what was happening was people who had no business being disjockeys were gone. They are talking. I'll keep talking at number three. I said, oh yeah. I didn't get something to say. Who was the creative lady? Who was the guy with a Mark Twain or someone I don't know? Who said, brevity is the soul of wit. And that's what being at great disjockey, I think, is our thought. When you hear Cox just hitting on all the, to me, my favorite personal disjockey in all the world is Robert W. Walker on our station. And he can say more in fewer words and just fit the energy level. You have great radio and great disjockeys enhance the enjoyment of the music. Otherwise they would be replaced by a CD player in your trunk. Right. But a great disjockey really enjoys music and can keep you on the edge. You see the things that are coming up and maybe we have a little community action into what's going on. Could curry, who is on our station now, is a great disjockey. They're doing a good one, they're on your station. Well, I think they can move on on their own. I believe in disjockeys. I believe they're important. I don't believe it. The person non personality radio. Good for you. Mumble. Hi. How are you doing? You just have an example of how far censorship is extending. I don't know if you're worthy example of American ecstasy. Okay. You're just talking about it. What you did? You said like, I mean, I was a subscriber to that. That was a, I mean, you had to pay a lot of money for that. And you had all these boxes come with a friend or a lockout coat. And I don't know if our you've been to this festival would happen, but basically one state. Hello, Bama. Well, he's lost it on the mobile. What happened is one rural sheriff came across a bunch of teenagers that had these point-of films that they'd taped off the satellite and he filed a legal action against home-dish the owners of the company that operate not only at American Terrelexory, but Tutsido, which was a slightly toned down version of the Pornado channel, so it was also on the satellite. And he filed a legal complaint against the company's owners home-dish satellite in New York, which by the way was some XNBC haunches that ran the thing. So I'm getting Paul something or anything. Anyway, I mean, it was to the point, and it may still be to the point where the only thing that is keeping the sheriff in Alabama from extraditing these people to Alabama for criminal trial about having invaded Alabama in airspace, whatever it is. And there's Mario Cuomo. And they're waiting to decide if Cuomo is going to allow the extradition in probably he won't, we hope. Also, that councilman from Palm Beach, Ron Howard was okay in disguise, right? One's got 900 numbers off TV. That's today in the paper. You know, has nothing to do with censorship. I get tired of seeing, you watch a book. I'm not fooling around. God, I mean, you run it one right after another. And then let's go on a committee against board. So that's, you know, our incident against boarding better insulting to your intelligence. That in the 800 P.I. stuff that just comes up the album, it just comes up all the time, you know, on a consistent way. But damn fear. I didn't even take that. You know, I never knew there was actually a damn fear until I saw it. Oh, no, no, no, no. He stole more records than the Beatles and box car really combined. It's pretty frightening. I saw it on the table a couple of weeks. I couldn't believe it. It's 12, 27. We're going to take a break here and I will leave after. Are you ready? A few days before he left, he was saying just exactly what you're saying. Let's not really, let's not have any more of this. I'm going to find Tune, his show, according to Neil. This is what he said before, that's a vacation. And you're right. He will too. And what you were talking about, he was talking about. He was not for everybody, but he is, he has certainly the head of a very slim pack of people. He can bring ratings to radio stations. Why are you listening to the things that they're in? I'm listening to the station today because... The whole line of... What I kept. I think you heard a funny about it. I don't think you were. But let me tell you now. When I did go over to my cranary in the morning and all of a sudden, Mike was on our meal with son. I listened for a while. I thought, my God, he's the same that he was years ago. And I switched off. Then I'd go back and forth because people do switch back and forth when they listen to the radio. And I heard you on. I think Stan and you are very interesting this morning. And I agree with Stan what he said about having that in his home. If he wants to listen to that somewhere else, but he's wise and right to say, in his home, he doesn't want the children there to have all this... And Mike says, if it's... You know, we all know the words. And Neil 30 reminds me of a little kid who says, Oh, I know a dirty word. Where did you learn, man? Where did that learn what? The words. Tell us. The words that Neil uses are not test words. They are a word that are just in court. Tell them we want to hear where you learned them. What words? The words that you're thinking of now. The word I'm thinking of now is the one that Neil uses, which is a completely non-cussy word. It's just the same as he uses animatual woman who calls up. You just go to a banana rule. What Neil is doing is... That tired. It's parody. It's shocking. He just uses it as word. Right away, the eye is just running because I don't know of anyone. Every time I say something, Neil, oh God, he's still on. That's the only reason I found out he was still on is when I switched. I'm back to WNW, except on this time when Stan and Randy, good. I hope he's going to go off the air and do the fact that there are listeners over here. Just feel it when we appreciate that. But it is boring when you have to resort towards like that. It's just... No. Well, thanks. Thank you for writing. Well, Bill's out of it now. So, I go to this mobile at line as it's too. Muggle. They see the one that listens to how. Yeah, that's right. You're so wonderful. Let me tell you something, you old bag. You're not the kind of people that want to hear anywhere. You know, they have a program WID for people like that. And knowing that, you know, she's one of the one of those people that can quote chapter and verse of every show, but she never lets you know. He's a top of her mind. And that's a very interesting thing. It's incredible. Well, what a physician did I'll take on black burning. I never figured out what he burned her in it. But you know, obviously, you know, obviously, everything else I'll give us a call. But we do have a celebrity on the line. Marry who he is. Oh, I love you. Oh, I just gave me a third. Go right ahead. Anyway, I just want to make that job, that's because I'm driving around over Sunday. Here's the full back call. Oh, you're so wonderful. They have a brand new, new, new, new, new, new, new. It's a similar question. We'll go and ask you. That's the next single. That's your life. That's right. And you know, my son's a new, new, new Thursday. And he predicted that this would out. Brande, you're so wonderful. I mean, I don't know. I'll be a breath of fresh air. You know, okay. There were wonderful. And we had a couple of calls like that. All right. We got to take this call. Celebrity. Better be a celebrity. Are you a celebrity? I just, I just called. Taking up a little, my box. You know, where are you? You're supposed to be on this show. And you're not here. The only person that I listen to is dinner. The morning. I don't even listen to my own show. That's a parent. You're doing a good job. You're doing a good job. Off the radio. Yeah. It's got some public appearance. I'm just going from them. You're like, oh, I'm paying for those. I hate to go mine. Let's start from our you on, though. Thanks, Carson. Yes. He has a way to run on his belt. One is hand when is here. Is it? Hey. I think it's important to be as electronic as possible. Because it's important to be able to reach out and touch and feel your instruments. They're absolutely at the side of that. It's the only touch of the ocean we have lit up. We're just having that little discussion off here. Yeah. I just called it Sam. I'm listening and I am already thinking important yet. It's you. You know, we even know that. That's it. We go sleep here for a while. We're back to life. Cox, with you, you've been abused as once again. We're just left. Listen, why? I just actually took play when we call and say, I do guys are boring. No. All right. We have an afternoon opening now. But then two in touch on Power 90's. Everybody needs a job. Exactly. Please go to the land. I'm some money. Coconut throw. Hi. I don't know. Am I in the radio? Hit the right there. I don't know. I'm going to top the left seat. That's high fan. How are you doing? How you doing? I'm pretty familiar. Listen, I don't have a child problem. Huh? Never mind. I don't know you. I'll be enjoying it. Bottom line. I don't know. I'd say that to you, Brandy. I don't say that. I don't say that. There's just life. I read good. I don't really like you. But I'm enjoying it. And I am here. Guys. Give me my. I didn't hear. If they don't like it, turn it off. It's your basic six and six styles. Break your bones. You know. That words will never. Works with Neil. Works with Neil. The whole life crew works with Nelson Mandor. Remember in the 60's 70's the best thing. You know, an artist or a movie or a book. A author could do is get a band in Bara. Yeah. Be publicly. Hey guys, I'm whistling. And I'm knowing you made my day. Well, gosh, you're so easy. Thank you. Okay. Stand. Take care, Brandy. I'll listen. You're so easy. Let's go to D.A.F.E.O. Hello. Brandy. Yeah. I just had a curiosity. Are you the, uh, We were with a station called the Lady. No. Oh, God. I remember the station. I used to talk about, yeah. I had a lot of jazz. Yeah, right. We have an opening for a bisexual man from day to call. They're going to go. They will do that. Brandy, Brandy, to me. Pinnon. You. Uh. Let me ask you something. With what kind of a, I don't think we want to hear that. Say, the tree. Let's go to Miami. Hey. Hello. Hello. I'm on a car phone sort of. I heard that old douchebag talking to you. If you mess it out. And I pulled off the road. And I'm out of pay phone. But I'm still sitting in my car. That's kind of a car phone. Yeah. That's, he's over kind of car phones, I still. Yeah. I'm here. Yeah. There's a car phone. Hey. I called because that lady caught you guys Friday. What lady? That lady was con with this talk about ow, ran tell hours. But he's the same way the almost the same time last Friday. Except I take a lunch. I come out and turn my car on. And it was the same feel. Oh, lady. No, she's listening. She kept on that word bother last week. I know you guys are inundated with calls. So you don't remember them all. But she irritated me down and she irritates me today. Irritations in and irritation now. Is there a cream you can use for that? Yeah. Well, no counter. Hey, Rand. You would sell this at the back of his trailer. Yeah. Rand. What? I really enjoyed your night. You say you're a. You listen to you every morning and I know that I don't know where you're going to end up breakfast. Well, I'm here for now. Yeah. Here for now. And gone for later. Anyway, that's all I got. He's kind of report on the old hag. Well, thanks. Same one from last week. Hey, I get another phone, huh? Yeah. I'm right up my phone bill. Maybe in this car. I thought you could put it back before you pull off. I need to use it. I'm going to be old driving. Whenever you put that thing on the window and drive away. The whole window is coming out. That twice. Hey, there's an idiot. But I did that twice. Well, for you. We got some deadlines open here. Folks. The number is 751.9463. Broward. 524WIOD. And the Pondito's 655WIOD. We're here with Dan Major. And Bill Tanrimarth, mostly in the cast of thousands and Cheryl V. Tell you what he heard from us. He was like a lion. Well, I haven't heard that he is no longer with that station in Dallas. He left to go and worked back in town. Well, I don't know. I kind of thought he might show up at Waxley. And then Bill got that job. There was talk about that. I would be there for a syndicated show now or something. I was running hard on our. Yeah, that's funny. It was going to work with someone else on a syndicated show. Really? Well, I'm putting it with us. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I don't know you all in here. I don't know. I don't know. What you see what we like to do. I love to on the air. Throw him a curve when he's all prepared to do the Thai Rones. They won't really believe it. The truth comes out. Yeah. There you go. Are you standing up comic also? Yeah. Through the green. What's the green? Well, I'm a good one. I'm a good one. I'm a good one. I'm a good one. I'm a good one. I'm a good one. I used to do it on a regular basis. And now I'm in the process of getting back into it. Got to get into eating is what it is. Well, sleeping is a big thing. Because when you work, when you get up at four o'clock in the morning, it's very hard to be out in the comedy club until one o'clock. How did you learn to do voices? I mean, he does the best voices. Do you Michael? That's great voice, you know. The idea to comment last night, I heard you called him. He said, I've been doing voices for 20 years. And everybody's calling up and asked about Mark. Yeah. So he was talking about that. Yeah, that's true. So what do you do with your voice? The stand in front of a mirror. You know, not so much standing in front of a mirror. Do a lot of practicing and just experimenting when I'm driving in the car. I'll barely, very rarely do I like set my mind towards saying, okay, I'm going to learn how to do this person. It just sort of happens. A lot of them, pressions are learned by watching other impressionists. We don't do, I picked up doing Bush from Dana Carvey on Saturday night lines. We don't do as a Mark doesn't. Isn't that weird? I don't do any of them. And Mark doesn't do as many impressions these days as he does his own characters. He's come up with these two really big hit characters, which are a Thai-Rone. And everybody knows a Thai-Rone, some kind of a con man. And a red wood or by nose, you know, your favorite redneck. Yeah. Very good. The warmth here. Warm, warm, warm, ten-brot time, time like here. Oh, oh. Stand. Glad to hear you're back on the air. Thank you. Well, people were talking about what was really the misinxt of this deal. Well, right now you can't talk about it. That's what, that's the problem. If you guys can't talk about it either, what's going on? What's going on there? What's the two-live crew? Because you wanted to have a thing, I'll start it. We'll start with people that stand and you'll can't talk about. And the weather should start with them. And now it's spread to two eye cranes. You know, where the heat clouds are going to stop. That's why I made the statement that I made a lot of gold. That there needs to be somebody to look over the shoulder of people who will get involved in this. These are fanatical people. And there has to be, and you can't rely on the Miami Hill. And there's a lot of people who are involved in this unsendable to do it. You can't rely on anybody else. It's got to be somebody who wants to support the first amendment. And the right of people to be as filthy as they want to be. And to be rejected for being filthy. You ought to be bought, you know? It's a free market place out there. That's a free market place. And that's the problem is that the market place is being taken away from the spike couple of people. We got one talk show host on another station. He said a couple of phone books. He can read the microphone. It's a fuse of tape every weekend. And you got the other guy who know what I can talk about. And they're out there running the morals for everybody else. And it's just, oh, it's, I think it's just fascinating that. That we don't see an expo, say, of what's really happening. And either the Harold and the Sun's Sun, or which are the two primary newspapers. Or more likely to see it in something like the same feet time. Well, the new time is in the story on them. And they're totally different. So what is that little whining in the background? We're killing your dog. My daughter's trying to, she's trying to go on to everywhere. I'm not paying attention to her. I'm probably not going to need to. I don't know why it doesn't look thing at work. She knows what I'm doing. Please, I'll be there. We've all been through that. Look, there's no feet here, don't you? All right, we'll take care of Sam play. I'll focus in your eyes sometimes. I'll buy. I can only elude. I should really, I think, be aware of the fact that he has made himself a public figure. And therefore, has to live with the fact that he can be criticized. Well, he's probably going to happen. No, it's not. And I'll tell you, I'll tell you, the best way to retaliate against any kind of fanaticism is out in the open. And it's with other people who, they're just going to get down. People fired up, okay? I'm not a position to go out and lead a parade, okay? And say that this particular organization that I've particular person is doing what they're doing. It takes somebody with a lot more time than I've got on my hands, but it takes a lot of work. It's a full time job. Come on, the 1240s. It's a full-time job in the old-time. All right, we'll listen to this today. We'll see what a crew has to do today. Bill Tanner Marks Mosley, Cheryl V from Power 96, and Stan Major and I sitting in for the vacationing. You'll see what we're just talking about. Howard Stern has an interesting situation because he's got the people in corporate are absolutely behind him. And he's got a hundred and lots of money with him. Yeah, that's what it takes. sure it does take that uh... and i think it always has taken that because i don't know if people understand that performing on any medium and radio is true and television it's a fragile thin thing i mean you can slaying hash at the diner or work at uh... the kmart store or being executive for i bm and i don't think this is much of your own personal being your soul this is buried to the public and there is with performing whether you see the audience don't see the audience and you need mentors in management i know i have i have not i mean it appears that i've just been here since the same but i've always had a tough time in my career and i treasure and value and i know that listen to this wife is having a baby so i can talk about it i treasure and value so my relationship with with a guy that owns and and runs out radio station now because um... he he brings out that he brings out the performer in a sea understands what the business is all about he's forever saying lefty people who are not broadcasting out of the business they have no business in the art here to a lot of people yeah but it hasn't been easy it hasn't been easy um... cockable pay that and one of the things done and let me just talk about it is supposed to be easy there when i talk about him for a second one of the things about him is uh... he is very good with words i'm talking about bill tenor now uh... he's very good with words he's very good uh... with diplomacy and he's very good with telling you exactly how he feels no beating around the bush none of this uh... game playing where you go at least he feels this way but as you really feel this way when you walk out of the room from when he's told you something you know uh... and that's very refreshing is very rare in his business and that's what makes it such a pleasure and and a lot easier to work not that kind of a bit of a lot that have worked with you for you and and the fact you're talking about a mentor before very important is this way it is and uh... they have singles you out as being very important to them in their career i'm proud of the people who who to me it is a great thrill to hear a great performer performing great i mean how the clich that sounds when mark is on and just being making cracking us up when you hear you guys doing a great show you can kneel being funny i heard kneel one day just to do a bit where you to sandwich and goes down the phone's line and we all been there you know try to eat your lunch so i was going out of that at that at that at that you just go down the phone lines it was so funny it was a crack up i get such a charge i can have all the p&l sheets and stuff in front of me and dealing with the thing from a management side but it is a performing medium and that's what i get all for and i try to infuse that sense of excitement and creativity and performance in the people that work with me and to me the great thrill of it all is tuning in in here in cox just carried up on the radio or uh... or anybody that is a demand of work that's not the new and uh... super talent and i must tell you that she called me the other day and and she wanted to talk to me about the job that she all got because we're you know i mean to me that's a great pleasure to have someone who's gone as far as she has say well i like to talk about coming in and i'm coming back on looking at mobile call here you may have for a while you there no here i'm here will say something i feel real complaint with your show that yesterday making white of the situation over in a ram and yet today you're talking about uh... all of such a well-known man delity this money is gonna spend it on arms and everything i might leave the killing and everything i got i see some real contradiction there real hypocrisy yourself i could say you're so on certain dates of light of the uh... your ant situation here the other hand you're worried about just it may or may not occur selling of arms or whatever well they're why do we want to drop that bomb yesterday why not you're right but nobody said that i have to be the other way nobody said i had to be logical and rational when it comes to the iranian's man i am totally irrational i think that we should have gone into the embassy like twenty four hours after it was taken and i still regret the fact that Carter Carter just uh... saturday hands but he did that with a mary of both left to his saturday sands and waded around and it's like he had to have so much advice for so long a period of time if we knew it is an interesting point i wonder if we knew then in terms of how long those hostages were going to be kept in what they would be put you three new then what we know now would we have done that i don't know it's hard to gauge what a Jimmy Carter would have done that after all here's a man who said that big president and i state for some i've got to be any more difficult to be governor of Georgia yeah well you know so i think you were like trouble when you said that one sir you still there yeah like i just have a problem with the fact i mean but it's some other country once that like animal i mean certainly we didn't can have a b-line that is very emotional issue sir i understand that very emotional yeah didn't you see the scenes on the network news last night of them burning the american flag and screaming those at the same old crapped as they've been we burn the friday here i mean i mean we're burning our own flag over here what the health of different the system it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll i want the freedom to be able to do that okay if i want to burn my own flag i don't want to put it on for more money on for the ones that i get better we've got a good point to women and children you know you're a humanitarian reasons you don't drop the bomb governments of the problems usually not people right in most cases thanks for calling but we have your pampered positive and the embassy and that's the hostages that are held have families too the morning uh... folks ladies and gentlemen morning got to make it fast and telephoto news okay first of all funny fox uh... fire report flash rumor okay he'll jane new york well that would be nice you'd best there possibly ninety days back well uh... it's a little effort to do it that we're in the world that's the second biggest toilet in the country and i won't say which one but uh... we're here to read you here to the i'm sorry i got a run i got the news coming up thanks for calling i would have made a when you got a go you got to go i got to go i got to take a break well we're into the one to two hours it's mostly leave some uh... some good stuff marvin uh... very good isn't it the airy car that's the other you book these guys on the show because my friend material material material in the new card rack is from most and will take more to base that's not my own card rack here too that's right is real right well we're back again mini from christ up from kis from kis carville name i know they may not last name may not you but canter wouldn't let me he didn't want to you don't i know Douglas i'm very Douglas my name is very keen to the same thing with Jerry sign felt he was doing a talk show and Jerry with his guest said that's a terrible name i think it's a sign of sales may be but not sign today money why do i was in the deadless for years i was many does with my first two years or my first year and a half of radio when i moved to my am in that started working apparently six canter hired me to sit okay so many does was a nice name but what's the real name and i said frumcus and he died laughing at the but you know you're funny and you got personality and frumcus is it you look like a frumcus oh thanks man you want to go to many hot one or five minty and mallow mire right and hot is still hot hot is still hot and staying hot very hot we just need to keep a going so doing very well in two life crew yes we're still playing two live crew clean person the clean version i think we have a place to do the first night yeah you know it's so amazing to me and i brought the article in it was in what was it people magazine with mdana and war and on yeah somebody actually listen to the two live crew version we saw horny the x rated version to tell us that there were 226 uses of the word f the x word and somebody actually went through the counter the countered it 87 descriptions of oral sex one mentioned of incessant goes on and on listing what was mentioned and how many times two bad they can't just index the record to the people who are still interested and go right to the oral sex men's what they like back we were i will minus here we're going to talk about two live crew and uh whatever else we can figure out the talk to but does she think has a little overkill on the upward nature oh i don't know if you're overkill definitely you're major overkill when they do their life gig do they do that much or do they tone it down a little bit their life gig is extremely live and it's it's very live and it's just what you'd expect and what the performances in hollywood and uh at club new was just after they were banned so to speak so um bandie you borrow was a major portion of their show yes he was again they got people quite excited to hear going in the audience you know it's amazing how braward coty has become the Boston of the nineteen ninety's a no longer banded Boston outspanded all the more it's true and it's not it's not the reputation that i mean i've lived in south part of most of my life i certainly since reputation that i would like us to have i know all this i was listening to you all earlier talking with uh with markin and bill and share all and i i love south florida i i it's not the reputation that i want for our community we have such a great chance here to be in the forefront of so many things we're not in the working with not not law fangeless but you don't have to be you know we have a lot of wonderful things a lot of exciting cultural events going on here why do we have to have such censorship since a censorship going on well wait wait till uh neck and his buddy start to check it out the bathing suits all the big the hamstring you know not you've got enough for the bill or a little bit of a little bit of a really good quote in uh in the newspaper when all this was coming out he said you know i've been in the concert business a long time and i can understand concert some concerts being banned in the south some part portions of the south the deep south but never than i think it would happen in braward counting you know bobby brown was arrested in in a part of a georgia for doing one of his very sexual dances toward to one of his songs you know a couple of months back and it's happening you know it's happening more frequently and he folks if you're scared about the two life crew there's more of this coming now more than music but more of the banning well what about uh i don't want to get into Elvis was only shot from the the way stuff on on it's Sullivan um to more so many times so long it was great but how many times was to more than pull off a stay off of the stage but many times well like Panters said the pendulum swings and now it's time to go we went through the whole generation was spent on or worse and things were loose and free free love remember the pre-log generation oh it's too young for that you do i want you to walk away from the minute you know you look at all you want a lot of all you want a lot of all you want a lot of all and i lovelessly rick and you couldn't even sleep in the same bed so couldn't you mention the word pregnant that you're right you can't you can't mention that one and the old pendulum is starting to swing back again for it but isn't it also the other extent of that it doesn't don't things go in full full full absolutely but how long is it gonna be and you know it goes to the side thing i don't know but the problem is that but in some ways it's it's almost it's not a terrible thing that in the AIDS crisis for example has brought back monogamy and relationships and people cannot be as into as into casual sex i can't be as unconcerned about the better sexual health so the relationships and more so big weddings are coming back you know that's not necessarily bad that that's that's a healthy thing perhaps but when it affects everything else you know that's something that's very difficult to reverse to frightening very full one piece bathing suits are coming back no boy the forties you know they i saw normal comollies you line really are there i really don't we've got a two lines open here in Dave's a college 7519463 a line in braward five two four w i o d let's take a call here got a mobile line you there mobile yes i am i you don't find how you i'm on busy from Virginia and i've ever had my get down about 14 weeks out of the year i try to listen to so it's always kind of you see different personalities change so i know roll of honor something they would like to talk about this now from endell of thing you know in the past i would would have been made kind of a chance to say them like there's a rock on roll thing but certainly i would appreciate anybody who comes through with Nelson Mandela's country but when he's come out with all this uh has about is about communist and uh the border to dog cash from the port and he got a you got a wonder um how in the world we could support such a thing and by frankly in that regard i would agree with y'all i would certainly like to the and then my amy on not welcome him out as a official basis really as a as a visor they should and somewhat embarrassed that we would receive him as the third civilian basically to make a statement before congress at a state death not appropriate for an abandoned continent and in a bunch of the uh i'm in the school is changing and even the elm communist party is turning uh turning pilled on her on her own party we could look over child has done um i think that support of Nelson Mandela is not the right thing today on a pre-shoot your comment okay sir let me uh get out of that line because he's been out i think a lot of it has to do with what Nelson Mandela went through which is why they're holding in such him in such a reverence and i i can I understand this this college point of view but i've got to say one thing i'm not thrilled yet believe me i do not support the p.l.o and i do not support Castro and very very anti anti p.l.o anti-castle but i i appreciate that there is a there is a big segment of our community black white and Latin who do respect Nelson Mandela and i don't know if i am thrilled that there will be no official welcome i'm i'm i understand that we will not we don't have the hero in Nelson Mandela who's perfect um he he does uh support certain people who are very volatile who are are negative and many respect who are supporting his cause who are supporting his cause when in the paper this morning uh Florida we still have millions of dollars in businesses that invest in South Florida my proud of that now i am not absolutely in so that our supporting South Africa exactly and i'm not proud of that at all are we going to have you know pagan perfect pagan statues that we can put up in respect and that will be perfect none of us are and Nelson Mandela certainly is a but he did go through something very important i think that it's uh kind of the same that South Florida isn't welcoming Nelson Mandela in any official capacity um we're the only one in the country that is all of the great the politics from this kind of thing and uh i was i was kind of shocked well then again i guess it wasn't to see that mayor swore as through and real quick on this uh so-called thing statement that they put out i mean here's the mayor of Miami who not too long ago when the run for governor was thinking about running for governor and so he i'm getting a lot of the national press yeah and he has political uh uh ambitions that go beyond being the mayor and yet he looks like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know by making this kind of statement and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh these people under Batista if you go back Batista had the worst regime just full of crooks and just all kinds of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of right wing dictatorship type crap that was going on and it seems like uh the Cubans can only settle one extreme on the left or one extreme on the right and they're now in a country where we don't have an extreme on the left but we don't have an extreme on the right and they should realize that a mandala has a right to come here and speak it is just as they have a right to demonstrate against his appearance here that's what this country is all about it is the same exact problem that is splitting apart south lord uh that is that is causing all the racial tension and the ethnic tension that we feel it explodes and the right can come here and say whatever he wants to do you don't you don't need to go or not take a right exactly it's it's like the CDs you don't need to buy the movies you don't need to watch the strip shows you don't need to go to and it's uh 11 16 at 16 WIOD will be back after this science is the border that has women replaced in pretty serious risk we are vulnerable to osteoporosis the painful the dilating loss of bone tissue today is one of the only recommended treatments has been calcium supplementation unfortunately the only healthy and previously available had uncomfortable even unhealthy side effects and some of those supplements couldn't even be absorbed by the body now thankfully there is good mood now thankfully there is a tricouse the tricouse the first brand of calcium citrate of the United States when it's so that's the kind of calcium effective in the fight against osteoporosis not all calcium supplements I like the tricouse is absorbed over two times better than other calcium supplements it's a child is not called semifascede aboding and because the tricouse has half the size of other calcium products it's very easy to take the tricouse by mission funnacle thankfully it's very good news for women you are right on the ball now on Marvin hi Marvin maybe some cases here for hot 105 we're sort of continuing our conversation I like it's amazing to talk to you to about getting up at four in the morning today what is what is what is like what kind of lifestyle you have no life you know I could never see doing anything else because it's really it's a every day is different you talk to amazing people you meet amazing people but the one thing that really sucks about morning shows is getting up at four ten in the morning I'm not happy let me learn about that oh well I had two alarms going off just in case because I was so paranoid I wouldn't miss it I think I was just telling you out in the hallway so you'll appreciate this but the few mornings of my life that I've overspelved until five thirty which is when our show begins at hot 105 you know model of calmian say are you coming in and body of the heat is only happened one and I'll wake up at five thirty and be there you know at five fifty because you just throw on anything and get in there but it's amazing I feel like a million dollars that I mean I'm rest that I look fresh no bad no fine lines no creases I'm ready to go that's the thing the bag the bags were making out more eye cream than the Chanel bag now I understand that let's take another call here we got a mobile we lost him no he's back again mobile yes sir you're there any how are you fine okay I was I was listening on this about this a man no a thing okay at least I mean you people should encourage this guy in you know this guy is not talking with two or three miles or two or three tongue-in-smart he is saying whatever he believes in and if he is a politician like a husband like Alex Dowd up here which are planning not to welcome him I think that's a good thing because he should not be welcomed with by these crooks anyway because these people have no characters you can buy them you know you can buy them if you have the right price and you'll light money in your pockets and I think the guy whatever he is he may not go with us but he has the right to talk. cop for thing and all this thing but whatever he feels like he said it and although he's gonna take a lot of not getting that much money if he you don't get to throw himself. I think a lot of the reason is coming down here it is money but it's not money it's also the spirit the spirit of getting people wild up to put down a part time. what is in here if you go over back you will see you thought Chameta is the same character he was a terrorist also he wants for many or doesn't all that but now he's a leader and he is you know he's a big thing and a lot of his elite is a terrorist although they look the same and if Chameta goes in his bathroom takes his clothes out he will look all I think he's looking more terrorist than a lot of his so you know if you if you read newspaper and you go back I'm read mind-alien you see all these people they are the same faces same characters but different different time they talk different. Well thank you. Thank you much. That's terminology is so interesting because the Nicaraglons would claim that the contrasts were terrorists. We claimed they're freedom fighters. We all around respect. It's all about opening up a dialogue and if you if you fight to keep a dialogue close you learn nothing and you become you become a complete intellectual virale and you live in a very limited blind world. There's one thing I'll say about the man delus they tell you where they stand. I mean they didn't come over here in Poenie Pontius. He's rather restrained I thank you for your support. I think it would take it by surprise by a lot of his comments. You know why because the news media has played him up as the next right my a specific kind of person and when she when when when when Eman came over here and was put on the spot about her political beliefs and she came out with this revolutionary rhetoric. It didn't get that much play in this country so people aren't the I don't think if you if you took a man on the street pole and asked the question is Mandela's wife and a vowed an outspoken revolutionary communist. People would like you to say first of all they'd say who she second of all they'd say well I don't know. So I don't think the American public is really informed. And she's really toned down for comments a lot. And he's he makes a lot during this whole tour. Let's take another call here from Hollywood. Good morning. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. How are you doing? Fine. Yeah I'd like to talk to you about this man. And Della coming down here. I'm a XVMM bat. I don't believe that our government should have walked in him with open arms. It's been front of our Congress this morning. I think demands a terrorist. I think he's going to use the money to go back and destroy the nation. Oh, I agree with you there. He's definitely going to use the money for us on the Mount of Arms. Absolutely. And I think it's going to cause more bloodshed and more harm. I think our government could have done much more for him rather than him having 10 million dollars. I agree with you. I absolutely agree with you. I don't know the answer though. I don't really know what the answer is either. But I don't think that as a people we should open our arms to everybody just because we have to embrace one view that they might hold. Have to look at the whole picture and say hey, you know, this man has a good point, but he has several bad points. So what are we going to do? Well, I think again, as Dan was just messing before, we're just now seeing those sort of, I don't know what I want to call him bad points, but getting perspectives that we didn't get before when he first came over here, everything was with hearts and flowers. Everything was wonderful. Everything was terrific. And the more he spoke, the more you listen, you began to realize there were a couple of chinks in the armor. There were a couple of questions that people started to raise. We didn't know that before. Absolutely. I didn't either. I thought that this man was a good role model. Well, that's because the media has his own, and I think we're going to do the media know though. I don't know. We're going to learn to the media for information. But so many people didn't really, they knew that there was a part-time staff, that they didn't realize what was going on. People don't read inside of the Miami Heraldman's Sentinel team. And they don't know them. They don't care. And they don't read the New York Times the law. I understand that. I grew up at 100% but still, the majority of the people on this nation depend upon all the media, the radio, the TV. But their movies are what are magazine and TV guides. Absolutely. Absolutely. I agree with that. That's where we get our education. As I speak, what magazine does Randy have in front of us? That's right. The guy is not on the top. I'm not in the audience. I agree 100%. I think the lines of communication ought to be left of them, but I don't think that one of persons not ahead of state or ahead of a government. I don't think this should have been walking the way to the house. I don't think he may be a judge but platform. Don't you you wouldn't shut him up. I would know. I would absolutely not shut him up. He's got the right to speak. But I don't think the peace should be entitled to the same privileges or benefits that I had to stay received. This man's not ahead of state. I agree. I heard you commenting earlier that he is certainly not a Martin Luther King and I agree with that. 1,000% does Martin Luther King would have never agreed with the violence of this man. Again, he's been in a time more for 27 years and if he's been looking out from the inside of Bard, when does your perspective may be different? Yeah, but he himself was surprised by the reaction that he's getting. Oh, I don't know if that's happened. I think probably a lot of the reaction is the strictly because he is a black leader. A black leader who supports the Dell, Mowmar and the other. Absolutely. I cannot condone that. Many ways shared before me. Guardless or what he condones it for or what his beliefs are. Those people are terrorists. They've done a lot of evil things. We've done a lot of evil things. But we certainly aren't going to, you know, to able to make it good. Thanks. You know, Randy, what I don't hear anyone talking about it all is there's a whole big flat where we're all talking about Nelson Mandela. Should we welcome and shouldn't we welcome him? What's going to happen? Once he leaves, what's going to happen? What's going to happen? Nothing. Nothing at all. And let people get involved and that's the fight of the 80s and 90s and not enough people do. I agree with you. If it does no sex, you personally. Now, therefore you're not going to do anything about it. I think his trip definitely will present a awareness. Get people more educated, get people more wild up than maybe. I don't know how to end a part of it. I had no idea. And I haven't read anywhere, anybody's version of how to do it either. I don't. Nobody knows. It's a difficult problem. It's a difficult situation to be in. But I think it's again going right back to where I started from. I think it's wrong that our government is acting like they're condoning the police. So this guy, whether our president gets on here says we had a disagreement. You had a disagreement, but you had his a man 10 million dollars a couple of months ago or a month ago. Yeah, I agree. You know, I mean, that's my money. That's your money. That's all that taxpayers money. That's not what our country believes. I mean, we keep talking about we don't, we want to fight terrorism around the world and everything else and then we're supporting it. I mean, for Christ's what about the IRA? Why are we giving those people such a hard time when they come over here to try and get funds for their fight? I mean, it's the same time, isn't it? Well, listen to her. I got a break here, but I appreciate your call. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. One twenty nine. We're going to take break and we're going to come back with more with a Mindy from kids from hot 105 and major in I on New York Radio 610 WOD. Thank you. It does get confusing. And yes, gee, Michael will be on again tonight. He's on tonight. Oh, no, he's not on tonight. That's like baseball tonight. Yankees and Brewers at 7.30 p.m. Okay. Yankees and Brewers are okay. You're just like, yeah, I got it. Amber, is that of course? I think you can tell that story that you told off the air. That's funny. You like that story? That's great. You're talking about, oh, England. Yeah. You're just talking about England. Mindy was telling us that he met some nice people there. I met a fabulous guy over there. Fabulous. Three years ago. Guy and I always say that I did some work for the BBC at one point in time and met some fabulous guys over there, but my name in England and New Zealand I found out later when the the white bread or the whip bread races here. Oh, Randy means 20. Oh, mindy. Oh, I couldn't really have a real good conversation or a relationship. What are you in what people kept laughing at? Absolutely. I'm just wondering, I'm in there. Oh, oh, dear. Oh, my goodness. You know, we're thrilled to see Realt tell you. So it really didn't work. I'm going to have to find another country that it really doesn't mean much. And they were a call that my parents would name me that. I loved a name Randy for women. They were absolutely appalled that someone would name a child horny. You know what I'm saying? I looked at a picture of bone calls. Me or Randy? I think I still find. I listen to Nelson Mandela and Windy Mandela. Okay. It's Windy Mandela. I'm Indy. She's Windy. Oh, I'm Indy. I'm Mandela. So you saw it? That's okay. Okay. Um, this might not be very popular to say, but I guess part of the reason that he is as popular as he is because in fact, he was imprisoned for 27 years. 27 years. Right. And the fact that he's also black and there's also a tremendous amount of guilt here in his country about that. I don't think we feel guilty for that sir. Well, that sounds specifically that. But I think it there's, you know, it's still there. But the thing is, say, why him? Well, he pointed out the chief of the Zulu tribe. I'm not even going to try it, pronouncing his name. Because he's not as visible. He's not as visible. He's not as vocal. And he's not as international. Well, I guess so, but still at the point, he has to try it as well. I always think he's, even though he's not as vocal, is this is important. It's not as more important. Absolutely. But he's been very low key compared to Nelson Mandela. Let me lady, you think that this country feels guilty. I don't think it's not very guilty. I just even slightly. But the bottom line here is that you've got the African-American population of this country with a very serious lack of role models. You've got a serious problem with the 18 to 34-year-old black male. And if there is an international figure who has put his life up to a very good cause in a very good reason and something that many people can embrace. And so that's what they're embracing. It's not guilt. They're embracing the ideals when he stood for what he believes in. Unfortunately, when he speaks, more and more and more of his philosophy that we didn't know about is starting to come out. Right. And that's what starting to get people pretty uncomfortable. And that's the important thing. Also, there's other things that also going on in Africa that are probably just as important, I think, like the civil war in Ethiopia, that nobody wants to talk about it seems where they use food primarily as weapon that is the government there. And nobody really says much about that at all, at least I haven't heard anything lately on it. And you won't, sir. Probably not. And you won't. There. It's not as a war for a war for a television. Yeah, that's it. On the BBS, the deal layer, that kind of thing. Yeah. And if you see, it goes, if 50,000 people had been killed in an earthquake in India, it wouldn't have been news in this country. But it happened to happen in Iran. It is a great deal. Why are we looking at it? I really think we agree with you. What about when the, well, guys, Union carbine exploded in the whole. That was in America and told me how many people yeah, but you can't say that was in America and nobody which could do it could be so. Yeah, it could be the degree of the incident. Like that earthquake was pretty big and the number of people were killed. On the other hand, it wasn't Iran and there is that thing. There's a lot of anic feeling about that. What it caused us to do is what were some people in our cause to do with Nelson Mandela, there is a definite problem with Iran. They embrace political views and have hated the United States for as long as anyone can remember. Yet these people are suffering injury. There's disease, there's pestilence that they had their homeless. You honestly people too think. Well, what do I do now? There are a lot of people, but I don't like what they think. So what matters more? Are there people or that they embrace the, they embrace the Iatola? I would imagine that most of those people that were in that region did not subscribe to the Iatola's sleep completely. Like the flag burning the one we were. I think there was a problem with the thing with the deriving. But Stanfield is very strongly about this. And thank you for calling. Just to say like all Iranian don't feel the same way politically because some of them weren't Iranian. I would imagine some of the people in that part of Iran aren't, you know, Persian. But I think again, their biggest concern in life is how do I get said every day and how do I say warmer, whatever it is, I can't go into the garage. I think most of the politics of the Iran is based roughly around the Iran. Okay, I want you guys to go. Well, thank you. Thank you for letting us go. Unfortunately, that's right. Governments action. A lot of people pay for it. In this case, the Stan wants to drop the bomb, but put them out of the misery. But I wanted to do that for a long time. Okay, the earthquake doesn't really make a difference at this point. I mean, you wanted to do that forever. Didn't take out a lot of people did also. I was going to go to the point. I told a diet. I celebrated. I popped a corer. Or today, they were jumping up and down. I feel like I still think that what's happened over there, though, I mean, I feel for those people and then perhaps they didn't embrace. By the way, you talk about a media-made personality, how about the Iotola? Mm-hmm. Well, camping out in Paris. Oh, I have no body ever heard of him before the TV cameras caught him in Paris and then, boy, he was suddenly on the highway. He was very visible if you know if that's the word. I mean, his doctor and his still quoted. He's still a major force. Almost as big as Jessica Han-god. That's just almost. That's scary. Let's check out this mobile here. Hello, good afternoon. Hi, Sam and Company. Question about the Delta Mandela and Rat and he's the, a lot of his business. The Delta Mandela and Rat. I've thought it among the Rompulations and the Delta Mandela. I don't know. It's just, I just wonder what you thought of that connection. About Nelson Mandela and Rat, it's Nelson's new group that he's redeads and you know, Nelson and Winnie. Yes. Goodbye, sir. We're not quite sure if you're listening either. I'll let's go to Cooper City. Hello, are you there? Hello. Hello. Hello, my colleague. Oh, my, I don't know if they're all calling up. They sure are a Paul call. Paul, how do you feel about Mandela? How do you feel about anything? Paul 141 at 610 WIRD. We're going to take a break and we'll be back more with Mindy from Hot 105. Okay, what are you doing? We're just moving on. What are we going to do tomorrow, by the way? I don't know. What do you think? Let's show up and see what happens. Okay. You know what plans yet? I gotta take a poll on the Mandela's. What? Whether or not they call like it's really going to make a difference here? I don't know. I think that we should try to find a Nelson Mandela's satin jacket. Yeah, that would be great. That would be nice for 50 bucks. You can get your all your Mandela paraphernalia. That's right. Get all of it. I can get all of it. Buttons, what have you? Let's take a line here. Mobile? Hey, are you all ready? Fine, how are you? Good. Stand how are you? Great. Okay, listen. I have a opposing point of view. I disagree. If they, I think they should have a part night. I think that the reason that I disagree with that is because most of the people there are very animalistic and very underdeveloped. And I really think. And you got your sheets on, sir. No, I don't even know. I just want to give you the opposing deal. Uh-huh. Okay, and I really think that if it's the white people or so outnumbered, same way as the Jewish people that they would be destroyed by the blacks who can't even get along with themselves there. And you know, what, one of the major problems that they have over and doubt that because is avoiding and the conflicts within the tribes themselves. Sounds like Israel. No, that's not like Israel. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not saying. I'm not saying. There's the thing, the, the white minority in, in the government has to make some changes. Because right now, the world is focused on their situation. The question is, if they start to elect or to appoint black officials to the government, pretty soon, they'll be elected out. That's right. The white minority will be that gone. And then therefore they will be at the mercy of all the blacks. And I'm not saying it because they're black. Let's say they were Indians or Chinese. Whatever, you can not ignore them in the majority in a country. You cannot ignore them in the majority. Even though that they're very under-felt and animalistic in that they would probably not worry about the white. No education is a big key here. I understand your point. But you cannot, especially now, they cannot ignore them in the minority when there is such a world focus on them at this point in time. I just, I just really feel that, you know, just like it's been said many times and when you have a small group of people that are in power and you have a large group that aren't, you have to make some concessions put up there not ready. Manally you're in any other way or they're going to be finally. Well, I haven't heard this in George Walt. It sounds like you think that they're doing it for the good of the blacks out Africans. I mean, so they're suppressed. You're going to keep them suppressed. I mean, that's ridiculous. I'm not sure if they've been educated and roll up. Well, you need to educate over the world. How can they govern a country without education? I don't know the situation over there. He doesn't like me, you hung up. Well, we don't like you either, but we won't hang up on you. I like the stand. I've never met him having poor enough that opinion yet. Well, he's got an interesting point there. And you've got to give him credit again. He's got the right to voice as opinion. But the government there is not, they don't have the policy, the apartheid, for the good of the people because they're not ready. Doesn't that sound nice? You know, I'm not going to make you move out into your own apartment, Randy, until you're ready. Right, exactly. We're not going to be a point. We're not going to point you to the council until you're a better educated. That's really ridiculous. Exactly. For self is cruel reasons. They have treated the blacks so deplorably in South Africa. But now that it has to change and the question is how, how do they change it without more bloodshed? I mean, Nelson Mandela, how do a non-violent man? How do they change it without really wanting to? They don't want to at all, but they have to. They have to. So they better start getting used to the idea because the world is changing and in the past year with the Berlin Wall checkpoint Charlie things are happening. What do you think they're good at about the world? And again, world focus is on them. So what do you do? I have no idea how to change it. So I'm not a bulletin. We just talk about the idea. It's something has to be done here. Let's take another call from Miami. Good afternoon, folks. How are you? Fine, how are you? Good. Still trying to get over the metal picture of Yitzach Samir naked. What are your way through it? So what are your ways through it? Here's in Golden My Airnik. Guys, I'm constantly amazed and embathled by how an informed people are. Nelson Mandela and the ANC have always professed to be of socialist meetings for life would better work out like the time something might come in the socials. Whatever. They've always advocated the overthrow of the government, Victoria by force necessary. Mandela when he was released made speeches that affect. Why then the reaction? Why then the... Because people, it's politically correct to feel that way now. See, this all thing by the politicians, by these local mayors and other politicians who are up and arms about this, elections are coming up and November. These people were seizing on an issue. They're coming up. I think the public wants them to react. Of course, they don't kill. Well, they've never stood in the way of getting people's votes in this country. Exactly. And I agree with stand 100% on that. I mean, these guys will do anything and they will sell anybody out for a vote. Our country has linked a civil rights abuse around the world forever. And whenever it was in their best interest, what are the, what are the, what are the, what are the monetarily to do so. But let me ask you a question if he had not stuck his foot in his mouth and made this statement about the PLO, that L Castro, etc. Would we still be hearing the kind of calls we're getting? Would there still be the concern about the violence? No, not at all. Fascinating. To deal for people and also these politicians would admit to get opportunities to see on an issue. And then you have all these people who are professing such great concern, you know, perhaps the demagogues or whatever you're making that would incorrectly. You're all the people who are all of a sudden concerned now that Mandela is coming to mind. My name is Monkey Mandela, it was your several months ago. I went to see her and my name did, North. How many of these callers did? How many people are concerned enough about what's going on in the world that they have an opportunity to see the daughter of a major leader who lived there, knows what's going on as experience that herself. To see her, I would say, much more than a lot of people don't vote. Oh, absolutely. People in politicians in particular are concerned with their own agenda and really. So you think swore as we're to show up to bask in the limelight. Oh, I'm so lucky. I had a sense of ridiculing. We're not at it for their cast. Had it been politically correct to do so, he would have been right there with bells and keys and uh, and the key has not been molded. Every other thing that he could get is probably a little pause on it. But now whatever is going to take to get, you know, his constituency out to the voting booth. That's really where the bottom line lies. This whole thing, I believe. What if the interesting to find out whether our new Hispanic Congress Congresswoman attended the speech this morning? Oh, I'm sorry. And Lord, boy. I assume you folks red Ronald signed back column in the house. Fabulous. I brought it with me. You guys. You guys. And there's some other good things in the end of you point section about this whole. I know. Mm-hmm. Okay. Great. I thought I could be. Um, we'll have to see tomorrow if she did or not attend. Be it? A lot of people boyconnet that. A lot of politicians did boycott that. And they were vocal. In fact, I can't remember. I can't hear. Donner, somebody from California was the one who we were using. Didn't hear any voice bit on her. But he was an idiot. See, there's somebody. No, there's somebody. He was an idiot. This is a great thing. I used to, when I was in Germany in the army, we used to list already a Moscow because it had good music. And I was always amazed that they were able to take voice cuts out of the United States Congress. People who were serving. And use it to their particular, to make a point with regard to Russia with their politics. And I had a discussion with that about a couple of friends and they were smarter than I was at the time they said, look, there's 400 of some members. And out of them, you're going to get all kinds of people. So this guy that they used the sound by song yesterday, who was saying that it was using very strong language. Okay, you're not going to attend the speech. You don't think Mandela should have been given the invitation of the first place. Fine, you catch the language a little diplomatically and you come out smelling my sorrows. This guy comes out smelling like an idiot. How many of you are broadcasting the speech live? That's incredible. I'm not very grateful. Now that I usually make that decision. He was part of it. I don't actually, who made the decision. But certainly, Keith is our program. I'm really amazed that they're going to do that. We know that TV station, the old broadcasting, his whole visit, so forget you're so bopper. And the program is so hot. It is absolutely a world event, whether you like it or you don't. And it's important. And if people want to be informed and want to know what else he's going to say, then you listen to the speech or you go to it or you read it. Well, you can't go to it. It's closed. Right? Again, we were talking before. Miami is the only leg of the trip. It's the shortest leg of the trip. And it's also the one where he is. He's not reaching any people other than the ones in the convention. There is no open forum for him to address a crowd of people. And we had a couple of colors this morning that we're going to make it a point to see if they could catch a glimpse of him or somehow be close to where he is. Well, there's this rally afterwards, a quenchery park. And I hadn't heard that the station before I left, whether or not he was actually going to make it apparent there or not because it's not a great touch schedule. Listen, that. But I think that's one of the only ways people can see him unless they seem coming. I don't think he'll be there. I saw his schedule. I was listed in the paper and he's making the speech and then like up to the air. Pour him out. And into Detroit tomorrow night. Pour him out. He's over nighting in Atlanta. And then he's coming down here and then boom right on. That's what I think. We're going to take a break here and we'll be back on Newstalk Radio 60W. IOD. Now you didn't need a donut this morning. No, I didn't. You realize that? Well, if they're what I'm saying. We saw for a straight. Three. Well, that'll lead all three. Maybe one. No, maybe. Maybe. How well fast. We may love you all. Here we are. We may love you all. Here we are. Donuts are the worst thing. We're sure. We're done. It's a small, there's so good. When you're done the morning shift on it's so the worst possible. I think coffee is to kill me when I did mornings. I can't even get a heartburn. I don't know. I can't drink coffee. I love donuts. I love everything that's bad for you. Just name it and I like it. Oh, it's almost. We're almost closing up the one to two hour here. I'll take a couple of more calls and then we're history. How many have met you once? You did. Yeah, you've been on Lynn Friedman. Sure. Yeah, I met your Rick where she works one time. Oh, okay. Hey, you sound just as good as you look. Oh, well, thank you, sir. Hey, Stan. What? The he's down just as good as you look. It's pretty hard for you to get a word in it. Why is there with those two Jewish ladies? That's fine. There's a bad reputation. Let's call it two live Jews. Oh, hey. Stan. Hey, hey, no, just a little joke. You're a little sir. You know what I got a call in about the rockers and man, Della, and you cut them off? You were talking about man's in and that whole sun's city thing. Oh, okay. Well, I guess I have to plain all that dribble. You play you forgot about real rocker row, haven't you? Well, we're all about rock, sir. Oh, I literally did it for light. He tried, he tried. He did it for lightly. And on that note, we've got Shane Thomas on the news coming up. We're going to say goodbye and see you again tomorrow. Don't forget tonight. The Yankees versus the Brewers at 735. And right after the news, breaking the hood, a new stock radio 610. We don't get on you.