the season they went up at night you will be a key baseball he'll be making a story out of that you know stand yeah that's for sure that's for sure did I hear you say that you only had a movement on the weekend is that uh no comment yeah okay the last time you only had a movement was in Buffalo and they thought that we're having their first earthquake really really good luck you sir alright you think you're having a great it's okay thank you all right but okay here come some more of those 18 to 34 numbers now this is the afternoon is where Rick and Slutch should have really kicked ass and they did for two to a five one oh no that's in man I'm 18 plus I'm sorry for two to a five one look at that what did we do midday ten to three we had like a six six so they are bringing that the men in the acting enough they're dramatically and you know they're all going to be young like under the age of 12 and WildWildWild yeah speaking yeah yeah I just want to ask you a question about a band called Camillion church have you heard of them no sir it's uh had jelly chase in it no nope no that was it sir okay thank you cover can put the experts on it stuff uh one open line in date county 751 WildWild WildWild tell what he is that chronic a year okay thank you so much I would agree with that what he is just out of control and just uh pathetic let's see uh did my heart shape or man pickering some stuff out here you know because our program department can't figure this stuff out let's go to four lot of day I'll WildWild yeah the the broad share is out there opposing his records orange yeah it sounds do like copies of uh two i've proved that we're only gonna raise some money you know find their time listen I got a good idea you want to know how they could trade not radio stations it could uh open now radio station yeah open up the station called WYOU yeah meeting that alert you all right there's their king started one called WIO you are to say that next what you took the words right out of my shoes mm-hmm but anyway you know you have people going in and they request their songs for a day and you're like winners for a day you could enter a contest yeah and then when you win you go in but if you don't like the idea then forget about what I'll forget about what I'll forget about what I'll forget about uh I'll forget about that okay Tim that was 10 Williams a little distraught that jaded and picked up those DTR listeners okay Tim funny till noon at WIO day we have an open line in date one abroad one in Palm Beach I feel like we're sitting here for something they like the numbers let's go to Volca and there's nobody there I don't think there's there been anybody there once today and I Volca line I don't think so my recent memory remembers WIOD yes I'm on a place who is it uh Laura yes now Laura's uh long trip WIOD okay let's try a four-lanternale hello hey Neil how are you okay how are you well I got it forward to pick everybody to stay I'm off this makes us part of me for listening to you and call you all the time thank you for all of us to do you think where you think my mom we're going to all mean what do you want sir what do you want I'm gonna put on you trying to put on a show to impress your friends sitting there is that what it's all about so what the hell do you want talking to intelligent talk some issues talk something meaningful issue like capital punishment why for people who make calls like this why because that's what this show is all about it has some substance oh I get better with the fortune show like no no sir well the fun ended the minute we punched up your call WIOD hold on a minute that was Randy she's practicing WIOD what is it right Ryan what do you want Brian Brian you said okay lemme 42 a WIOD and speaking that time to talk about char hot right now they're waiting to serve you a fantastic fresh lunch right now and now for those of you watching your weight like bad rake well all what people around the country okay we've got all these ridiculous these bad numbers we have a depressing day in Johnny dark who can't keep his own nose over the ghost comes in here to relate to me that he just had a call from super day okay now if he had any brain you would put the call in the phone on the receiver immediately so as you heard that voice number one okay so if you want to know who keeps encouraging super day to bug us and the you agree what the what are you talking for can't you say goodbye is that lonely over the coast and he's telling about some some obscure video guy and some stupid thing from WIOD WIOD is got a thing on air it's got my name and it's really Steve Kane and people are going to be watching this all over the country what the who cares who's going to see it six drunks in which it's off just for later get out of here go away go away what do you want oh now even getting women numbers we don't have anybody listening to this station to weigh anyone on these uh women hello yeah hold it hello yeah hold it hello hello hold it are you mobile yeah you're mobile right no no no no hello hi we have a lady right there I told him that's one out of four so that means at 25% of the women in the market listen to WIOD you got it right you got it hey Neo what's going on with actually in love 94 did they want do they have any rating do they have any numbers now no I don't first of all it doesn't mean anything yet because Videl was there during this whole thing okay yeah so you want start to see that for what's a little man in the hands doing the little man in the hat well let's see let's just take a look at 18 plus the little man in the hat in the afternoon uh went from a 32 to a 42 he is kicking butt over there okay they have turned the corner they're going to destroy the market yeah Greg and Rick together we're getting stereo the picture is they called a mister like that okay thanks a lot okay nice hearing your lovely voice bye 1147 at WIOD where we're dying over here WIOD okay good one let's go to Hollywood hello yeah would you please so would you like to give us your name and address we will send you a WIOD promotional paper played in the western charge already I have a picture if you send us the stamp can you believe that big time radio station we go out our promotion we have people drive all the way from a store talk about loyal listeners from a store do you know how far stored is there that's like in the animals velvet that Chinese would say okay they drive all the way down south of the falls and we autographed the back of a two four fifteen tencent of a cent paper played and we say thank you for listening to WIOD which you put on any side of the one that got caught in the catnacle sir are you out of control I wish to be taken leave of your senses I would it still to realize that it's transient cramp like death that's caused us our entire sophisticated listening audience in WIOD Wow was driving down an iron pot the other night somebody nearly coming right off the road I'm about to what I'm gonna do any good yet man the road is talking about them and said go like this� caiman or or ,if you were gay with your whole life your hero life you know when it's worth that nice yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah no yeah yeah yeahyeah you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah We're all the credit. We're here at a golden night. We're in a golden night. We're in a golden night. And we'll be in a golden night. We'll be in a golden night. And now we're talking to you, Father. And we can't get up the night. And we'll go to our dormant home. And we can't get up the night. And all your friends are at home. And you know that you're all right. And now, by the soul, we can't get up the night. And we'll be all the credit. And we'll be in a golden night. And we'll be in a golden night. And we'll be in a golden night. And we'll be in a golden night. Okay, I'm 51 and W.I.B. Thanks for the help, Gary. Let's go to Miami, hello. Hello. We couldn't have done it without the programming brain trust. Yes, sir. How you doing today? We're doing it. We are doing it, sir. Can you play something? We're doing what's that? We're dying over here. I'm dying over here. Good. Can you play the burp commercial for me? The burp commercial? Yeah, I haven't heard it for a while. I heard it. I reckon. Or is it started on Rick and Puts? Yeah, serves is really hurting. What do you mean by that? He just pees fathered me. I don't know. You're not the one that called him up the other day. That more on that called him. Now, I heard it. That was an angel. No, that wasn't me. A lot of negative cars. Obviously, I keep trying to emphasize, I know it's a waste of time. But like the old Cubans, man, when they get to die, it reads, the old guy, you can listen to me. It's like voting. Okay? Do you understand? There's like a loyal listener. They're obsessed. We hear a WIOG. We've got these like wishy-washi and they're all bichy and complaining they don't know what they how they want. And they're not loyal. They don't support us. And one of these days, we're all going to be gone. We're going to be digging vichy's out in the middle of the 25. And you're going to want to see whatever happened to all our good plum and craft and stuff. Right? Right? It's ragging on them. It's not really just like them. It's never real life. But they're doing a good job. I think they're fine. Can you play the berp? I'd scot in. I'm waiting for you to say goodbye. Goodbye. Bye. One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction. And while others find it funny, to those who haven't, it's no bad thing matter. It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible. I'll be on the page for a business meeting. And...and... ...if you meet, be happy. Be happy. frequent burping syndrome. If you ruin your life, but it doesn't have to. Now there's a clinic that can help. Train specials. Since it's due to the needs of compulsive belchers. A special place known as burp hinders. Gosh. The burp hinders saved my life. It's your an and I weren't well. But I really wanted to ask for the marry me. But I just knew that when the moment of truth came, I'd let out with a big ripper. You know. ...their fenders. No shame, no guilt. No more tummy-remembering, smelly belches. No more stopping in these cities. Do one for a big cheesy plaster. Just caring professionals. And the help you need. Don't wait. Here's another call. I'd buy, but... ...really seven, seven. It's bad, but... ...burp hinders. All today. And stop being so gross. Let's see. Here's a woman 18 plus in a morning. And of course, that's a love 94. Big thing is women too fond with two seven. Now I've Greg, you never had any numbers. Anywhere, you're not going to have any now. So join the rest of us. We're going to use to it. Let's go to... See, I guess Alice was right about that. Numbers mean nothing. Right? That's what Joy always says. But Joy always does. It's always the people who don't have any. Who's safe at. Like me. Miami. Yes, you know. Yes, sir. Question. Why is it every time the book comes out? Joy's going through it. It's arbitrary. It's supposed to be arbitrary. When it's supposed to worry about that, you're taking a self-law to read you. Yeah? What do you worry about? Yeah. I'm not what I say. But no, no. But you read it all the time. If it means something. It doesn't mean something. Sir, it's our livelihood. I was hired out of the way. Yeah. I was in the business. And I went to number one in North East Louisiana. Oh, man. That is what I want. I've always wanted to do that. Be number one in North East Louisiana. Yeah, especially at Calcutta, Louis. Yeah, that's my favorite. But I mean, current. I mean, this doesn't mean anything. Yeah. Tell us to with the people in Atlanta. Okay, it costs broadcasting. Well, they got to have something to go by. Just like the cops got to stop you. We did that. You know, I just had a call for my lady. You know what they said? What? They're going with you and like you. Yeah. And what do you say? What happened? You know what I mean? What it means is this. I'm dying out of the air. Yeah. It's fine to have it. No, no, no, no. I think I got a lot of money up there. They don't care. They love us. What I would like you to play for me, even though I've never requested anything. Yes, sir. The Rambo is starting to blow. If you can find it, I don't know if you'll be but did he? Rambo is very manual. Yeah, and I was wondering, oh, burgers to play that. Who? That's the heck. You know, the guy he used to say. Rambo is very manual. And very manual. Rambo, Rambo, Rambo. We don't have that. Yeah, you do. We're the very manual one. I just played, but that's not the same one. No, it's an oldie. We don't have it. No, no, no God. No God, sir. No. Oh, well, I'll feed you that. I'll try anyway. See you in the pre-port. Huh? I say have a nice day. But let me. Fine. That's what I would be. That's what Alex Bennett said, Neil. I'm just hitting me. That's right. That's what he is. Back in San Francisco, sir. Neil, with a band you want to stand up. Okay, thank you. Good call. W-O-D. Hey, Neil. We're doing it. We are taking some serious giant butt. I got a question. Won't those Jeff's paper points for Pitalop? They want to bet W-O. Oh, it's a matter of fact. You're right. We had a bag from our good friend Jeff over at Pitalop. That's how keeping embarrassing and degrading and humiliating and unprepared and outrageous. We are W-O-D. Why was it going to conserve and re-enact? Oh, man. A paper plate that I had, you know, pizza on. Hey, it's a nice place. It's a set it. Yeah. Now, I really feel sick. Sorry. Now, I'm glad you brought it on the central endpoint. Yeah. Take care. Thank you. Why do you think we could go over maybe to came out and buy a couple of grossed paper plates so we don't have to beg the people to bring the free food, the feed our devoted audience towards less of them? I won't say one thing, but now that I think about it, we had these great responses to the remote. Not many stations have the whole audience show up. Like we do. Okay. We have one open line in Dave County, 751 dead and one in Palm Beach, 655, more to worry. W-O-D. Okay. It's at vocal line again. If somebody for real calls in vocal there, they want to be great. W-O-D miracles of all time. W-O-D. Hello. W-O-D. Okay. All three of them from the same call. How do you like that? Is that action or what? Pomp and O. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. What's the action? How do you do, sir? I don't understand. I wasn't a smart. What's the story on what place? I don't know. I don't know. The collector plates. The Paul L. Collected plates. No. You're talking about some plates, so you start. On data remote. You have written mutton. I did a remote dump. Vents and camera. I said it with this enormous turnout. And boy Gary's evil twin brought me about like about 20 of pictures to autograph. We're going to post to have nothing to autograph. And so, you know, all these people we got like 2,000 people there. So what do we want to photograph? Are we going to throw up from pizza lock, give us these paper plates. Like we kind of get in a big bundle like for 100 for 99 cents at Windixie? Okay. Yeah. That's the classy, promotional thing from W-O-D paper plates. Almost as good as the billboards, but not quite. Excellent. Okay. Are you impressed? Yeah. I love the billboarder. I know you would be. Yeah. The billboarder. I think that says it all. The great picture. Yeah. I'm going to die right into that mouth when I get off here. Do you think they want to? What? Did you think that the billboarder? Oh, yeah. Give me all the credit. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Wait a minute. Is that W-O-D? Hey, a mobile phone. Oh, Paul L. Is working? Yeah. There's somebody on it. Can't believe it. Speak to us here. You got 30 seconds. Yeah. Hey, do you have enough corners up in today? Do we have a one? Do you have corners up in today? No, sir. The corners tomorrow. Tomorrow. I'm down here. My name is going to stop here. My name is Anna. We'll go over there. Now you can't lose the dime. I got money to collect the last week. Excellent. Good job, Mr. Onel. Yeah. Keep saying that. Keep my number alive, sir. See you. I'm the amoniumin. Okay. Look at that afternoon. Women of three to seven, women 18 plus two O-to-o-one. That's the only way to get the idea of W-I-O-D. What a woman, a hathers, guys. Almost as much as they made me. W-I-O-D. Yeah. Talk to the operator. Sure. W-I-O-D. No. We're not too Spanish and Boka. Yes, we are. Okay. We got the upright with a new Louis Volca back in 12-0-5 on Get my hair cut. And then, Rick and Custard, two this afternoon. Don't forget, Yanky's in the brewery. That's going to save us 830 tonight. W-I-O-G. W-I-O-G. Bring him a fourth water bill. Talks for tonight on sportskawks. Beginning at 6th on New Stock Radio 6th. W-I-O-G. And a new stock radio 6th. W-I-O-D presents. Neal Rogers. To get a touch is on. Call 751-W-I-O-D in days. 5-2-4. W-I-O-D in Brewer. Or 655 and 2-7-H. W-I-O-D in the Palm Beach. Other. Here's make all collect. The opinions expressed for the host. Get store-coller. I'm not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neal Rogers. On New Stock Radio 6th and W-I-O-D. If you meet, about you go in your chains. Why, yes it is. Turn it in. I know, slide of the bumblebee. Okay, you can say that again. Okay, 12-06-W-I-D. Diana. Diana? Yes. Here's here to cut my hair. And we're going to do it on the ear again. I want you to give the plug. Because I had a little thing written out of there. And I can't find it. You can't find it. Well, I guess I have to tell you that the hairboat team is located on 1400 East, 79th Street Car's Way. And I'm just inviting everybody to come out. And if they come in and tell me that they will listen to this. So we'll give them 25 percent off. All these off. Off the top. So you have people coming last time. If you were in here couple maybe one. As a matter of fact, the day we did it, I had a gentleman coming. He happened to be listening to the program. And he called that day. He came in, had a haircut. And I'm sure he's coming back. And that was it. Yeah, I'm the one guy. You're jobbing. Yeah, I'm disabvening. We usually get an incredible part of town. Yeah, it's not our part of town. So anyway, the herbal tea is right across the street from W.I.O.D. or we're on the other side of the semi-9 street thing on the crossway. And Diana is a great job boy. She gives great cut. I'll play that. 12.07. And W.I.O.D. Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Diana. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? The zoom with your lucky. Is that your question, sir? Not a good one, huh? Now we're doing good. Okay. I mean, I'll let these things affect us. Okay. I have a letter. You have a white flag. I have a white flag. Okay, later. Not just a moment on. It's big breakingers. It's not all the way up yet. But there's a billboard that says, What? And for GRD. It's not breaking news in high LA. Good one. So I just want to let you know. What are going to do the other half of that Spaniard? They're going to do it. They're going to do it there. Okay. We just want to tell my experience to be Murphy's a douchebag. Good job. Have a good one. 12.08. W.I.O.D. I've got a couple of facts. Thank you, Richard. Say, do you know what you're going to Chicago or all star game? That's that. I don't know what this means. I have an extra ticket. Well, we get our, we get them from scalpers. Okay. We like to do everything illegally here at W.I.D. Thank you, Richard. Thanks for that thing. Okay. Let's take the Palm Beach. Now, if I sound like I'm under a little bit of a confused year, it's for Diane's cutting my hair. W.I.O.D. I like talking a lot of speaking. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Don't worry about the numbers for one. I can hear your, your mumbling. Don't worry about the numbers. Okay. For two, could you do me a favor? And I know you played right today. But could you play that two-level juice thing? Again? Yeah. Well, I just haven't had my hand on the right master. Do you do? Is that impressive? Yes. Okay. Well, listen, because of the fact that it'll take a little time and because we're starting to cut my hair anything you want. Okay, sir. Thank you. Have a great life. Okay. They were enslaved in Egypt. Mass occurred in Germany. And made one of them Miami. Now, they're here alive for one night only. Two live juice. Boys. Boys. Boys. We were posting up some bagel shots of people as you please. When in Washington, they're both saying, hey, you'd be very busy. They dragged the football away. They thought about that. They said, hey, were you to choose a goal and they'll be plenty of rock? Who lives you? Catch the goal or before they get caught? Who lives you? Take it to the mailable. They're all belly counters and have taken them as their location. Another counter-tracing camp production. Okay. Now, this I want to ask everyone I think this will impart to me audience. What jury just came and sent down and Diana agreed to a cut very sharply under the neck. And he said to me, with a smile on his face, what do I think? Now, what can I think? I think that the next trend will go off dramatically because we're composable of been here and things are in place. I did say that last time, but we have to keep saying that until we get canned. Okay. Well, no, I do think it's going to go up. There are retinas always about a month behind in this market. No. I never see the first one. A bird shows an increase. Well, who's got it? Well, please. Can I want to pull it off the wall so we can prop it and dice here and pretend we're really doing it? A bird is so bogus anyway. We never do anything in birds. What do we got? Like a two? So the bird is hanging in the hallway. Boy Gary's going to rush right in within a more kicking ass in birds. But anybody with a half a brain knows that bird is bogus. But I have an idea if we're doing good in birds. Let's start saying we think that they do a great job over. Bird's and we're really doing it. Because bird's is a joke. Okay, let's see. Here we go. Miami Fort Lauderdale. What is this for? This is the new, the one? Followed to winter. Well, what the hell is that mean? I don't like this. I don't like this. Okay. Well, listen. Are we on the list? I don't see us. Yes. Right. Miami Fort Lauderdale. The right column. What is this man talking about? WOD? 37. Fall 89. Oh, it's missing. It's missing. Oh, man. I'm looking at numbers that are so microscopic. Look at that. Like a 37 go ahead and don't be confused by board year. He's a head brain damage a per man. Oh, excuse me. Okay. Why don't need my glasses anyway to read these. My crispy numbers. I need my magnification read glasses from where nearer. Now I got them. I got them. I see. Fall all I see the winter part is missing. That's what it is. IOD 18 to 49. The fall 29. Winter of 39. This is what he's trying to pedal. Okay. Like somebody's really going to believe this. Zeta, fall 89 of 44. Down to a 39 in a winter. Zeta is dropping and they have no excuse. What do you say, Pete? We don't have a column of that line from Peter Bolder to try to alibi. For their crappy numbers over Zeta. Okay. I mean, we don't alibi about ours. I mean, we just think. All right. We admit it. But Zeta has no excuse because GTR is going to weigh the wind. Did you ever listen to GTR Diane? Yes. I am a K. In the coast? Yes. Yes. We listen to the K. Really? Hey, listen. When you go in to get your haircut over to Diane's place over to Herzlahn, you'll be able to hear all that wonderful stuff they're playing on the coast. Because they're doing it. The music is great. It's outstanding. And it is mild. Yes. But if he gets that stuff off the wall, I'll be able to take him with a great job. We're doing here at 610 WI did. We moved all the way in 25 to 54 according to Birch. One, two, three, four, fifth. More so what's the big deal about that? Oh, that's overall. I see that's the whole station. Okay. Can I reach this far? All right. You think? Like, hi, Alia? Hi, how you doing? Okay. Rest all the way over in Pasta, Pile. I'm pretty proud of my son. Yeah. What, I got? Did you see the... Did you see the... Did you see the... Did you see the piece about... With approval setting the... The first record won't go record. No, sir. Yes. With approval candidates, 1989, or, to the year, for the World Record, two-ten and one-trip under Jockey Craig for that. Well, I was saying that. That's seven for a mile and three. That was Sunday. That was Sunday. That was the race that... That was my one winner. It called her, sir, was the Gisama Cash from Belmont. I was... Yeah. I didn't make it out. They didn't... I don't hate it. I hate it. Wapping for 60, but it's better than tearing the ticket up. But he really settled, huh? Yeah. Great. And as we... They did. They knew our crowd, but in fact, it called or two. They bet that seven horse would Santa's stone to wait down to six to one or seven to one. And he ran a great race. And there was approval sent behind him. The whole race, and he came out in the stretch, and kind of drew off. But Santa's so good to the great... You can't come up? No, sir. I can't believe Paul didn't turn that perfect around. You're talking about that. He never does. He used to, and he's been doing for two years now. He keeps saying, well, I'm going to go back and bet the way I used to. I don't know how in the world. You can bet... I can understand that you've got a heavy favor. Like the one you just mentioned on top of like two or three different horses. Then you don't turn it around if it's a lot. But where you've got two horses that are pretty good price, and you've been a $10 perfect. How can you at least put a 5% off of the other way around? I'm going to leave it. And he will not do it. He's just a stubborn old meal. I can't believe it. Yeah. This is, as long as you get in here, check. Yeah. There's a car I haven't heard in ages. Galvan Schwachtbeer. Oh, geez. You're not going to believe it. I can't believe you're asking for that. You got a regular hand. No, I don't. But in no, I do not. A couple of weeks ago, when he were begging for carts because we were also begging for paper plates and carts of the same time, I cleared out a bunch of carts and I thought, well, we'll never play this again. So it's history. I mean, it's not a disc somewhere, but I have to card up again. So in other words, don't hold your breath. Well, thank you for the fun. Thanks for the thought. Okay, thank you. Yeah. Fine. Well, that's good. Just see if I would've had it. Then I would've been honest about it by then. I would've had it. Stop you from cutting my hair and turn around and go through the rack and and mess around a whole bunch. See if I don't want to do that. If you're going to be questioning, a fact I'll give you the list of what's sitting right here. Flame, which is at him or at the metal like that on W. It's news. We got the nickname of our thing that's stuck. There's a great, great piece. We've only played that a couple of times. Nick brain. We got the doll-type cool. The death tones, which of course still brings back memories of those wonderful days without us Bennett. Dick Tracy Colone. Now, why does Roy Gary come here and ask me what do I think? He's supposed to be the program director. Why don't we find out what he thinks? Well, that wouldn't take long. What did it? Seriously, why don't we find out what he, what his excuse is. I have no excuse. I think we're kicking ass. I think we're doing it the last month and a half. What did you say so? Melvin? Even Melvin thinks so. And he thinks the whole station sucks. Other than the ball games. And anybody's got a side to he likes to do a lot. He's working Joey show Saturday. He never had so much fun in his life. He said, boy, if I could do this every week, I just make the career out of it. Anyways, past 16, I got it with my bet you were so bad. Joey, Melvin just said he thinks he was show sucks. And Russell Ways is embarrassing. And Bill Marshall has severe brain damage. Okay? Let's go to a cat. Keep these on for a second. A lady in Kendall. Hello. How does it cure us up in the bright and up our lovely now today? I know you're sure you're up to it. I just had an interview with you. I'm going to be on the table of punishment because you brought it up. Yeah. I mean, I'm already changed. Why am I just somebody can convince me. No, but hey, let's try. I'm okay. No, never. I'm. No, that's on the merger. Let me talk to the guy. Well, if Casper had had capital punishment, we never would have gotten our mario leaders out. We don't win. When a man comes to find nobody knows the provocation. And purely home job. I know it's not you. What is it? What is it? What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? What do you practice in the call out as rentalk? Is now I know what I should. I can't understand. I didn't really believe that he went up. He must have all the old women must have found these on in the morning. He went out getting up early to take their metamuse. Very exciting. Yeah. I called him before. He does it for me. This is good. Bye bye. See you. What the hell was that all about? 1218 in Wild. Can we talk about charhat plays for your tomorrow. When it took us right now. Is the time when a lot of people out there are thinking about going for lunch. Okay. Wouldn't you say so, Diane? I would say so. Yeah. Even Diane agrees with that. She's easy. And anyway, if you want to get a delicious and expensive quick on this, I want to emphasize if you've never been to charhat. If we're the one who never been there, you must be some kind of a moron or not. But it's not fast food in the traditional sense. I mean, it doesn't take long for them to make it because they try to roll it on the grill fresh the way you order it. 1222 in Wild. You know, boy Gary never came back with a rest of these numbers and be smart. He won't. I'm looking at these. Have you ever checked these verse numbers? I mean, it will be used to be bad. But now it's a joke. For example, 18 to 34 in hot with a 20.2 share. Isn't that the most ridiculous thing you ever heard in your life? 18 to 49 of 15.9 share for hot with a hot pot. And we can't find anybody in this entire, like anywhere within the sound of our voice, who listens to it. Can't wait? No, nobody listens to it. I'm trying to have to note in addition to which why I think he ought to come back. And we ought to have a little on the year seminar because I think after I come back from vacation, we're going back to topics and guests. And I've got to say that to a good idea. Do you think that's what he said? Let's go to surprise. Yeah, that's cooking. Yeah, but we had to call from your friend, Jim Michaels. I'm dying on the hair. I'm going to be more of these bogus numbers than he said. But I don't like that. I'm dying on the hair. if you're going to be more these bogus numbers that is the most ridiculous but they pull them out of a head twenty five fifty four three seven up to four nine but again don't forget that's witter that would be like January for boy and march when your body was here forget it forget it you're nobody till some body fires you okay let's go to um... we did some rise with doctor vassia i think to do this by the black lives on how about dear field wild what you don't uh... we lunch now one year you have a city wing here that's bad calls sir that's all i just got back uh... from uh... long vacation i heard you had a little bad about you're talking about getting your kids before you went into your get those uh... getting my teeth at all that's right i was gonna get that thing with first mile i was gonna have my well i said only that much fiction but that was exciting thing now because i had the stroke just before was going to do that yeah well i had that it's really it's uh... really good job yeah well you needed it uh... when with the chicken and they could that much more you know for it's a plan shot for the ball yeah whatever you're doing the enemy's favorite play me uh... my plot is you know what what is you want here on here plot a plot yeah the double the loopless the endless plots there does anybody have any idea what this man is talking about what did they also do like a little about me at the same time a plot yeah do you know what he's talking about now you do wait a minute now that's ready to go on the screen the and that's not a plot what are you some kind of a silly guy definitely what you want to plot is like so last year hard you could fall down and just uh... just uh... i thought i was playing that's what i thought it was now this not the same place i wish you wanted yeah you mean you called the hear that and now you can leave again for a couple months of that carry you over well i really want to hear the end of the you want to hear one the endless one the endless loop yeah i'm sorry that i'm giving you an incredible uh... the endless plot got a lot of better at least i'm not sure he had on tape and it's not happening for real in the studio okay that enough thanks buddy you feel good now have a long one okay twenty five what is it yeah she said she read it here on the is it real or is it memorized dianne well actually no just a couple of seconds okay we have an open lot now why do many you just said you listen to the coast all day over the end of the beauty shop how come i'm so slow how come you're not listening to six ten w i o d we have to listen to music yes listen music to prove your savage you have your on the all the country and the nation yeah and you'd be like cutting people's next and stuff like that now is very very coming to you are a haircut over there i'm wondering where are the rest of the people in the building are yeah that's a good point because she offered a holiday all the rest of the people in this building well most of them are so underpaid a can afford a real haircut they go home and use tweezers for the hair too but no seriously um all the people in this building a dianne made a special extra offer it's right across the street go over get your hair cut marvin he can afford he like phased into work here no seriously i mean at least show some appreciation or it's going to be a very soon i'm going to start paying for this let's go to a four-lot of mail hello hello on the vocal line i know you can do it i know you're gone pointin beach on the palm beach line how do you want now we're cooking i thought i'd done a make do a win in the city of central all these things are your producers we're doing one option whatever they are we're losing you have marvin's going to buffalo and it's going to west palm beach and boy here he's going back to louver with a banger one is near hey i'm going back to betevia there you go there's an i need a little remote information i'd be big in betevia i'd be big anyway but nobody would listen to me i just do big yeah i swear i'm on a road set hold on a second where you wdo do you want to be as the car phone on the vocal line do you do what i'm on a car phone and focus yeah and you're on right now sir all right hold on one second okay you don't mind do you i'm holding it okay how do you like that for friendly neighbor how you doing you know what you spend all your hard and money on this stupid show what is it anyway i don't know what it's about this friend yeah so okay okay second thing yes what is the joke with with Sally Fitz and her batteries go back to radio and listen sir where that was who's an arm through Hollywood i'm university i was through the arm through the weapon with my favorite next to me then from behind i'll read the five and the red rock music the flower jelly cop well that's a give me fifth he said you go the animal I said we're the of me he said the flower county sheriff this is rapid is a scene he said this way he said the jail that's the law from sheriff Nick I think this browser's time is Sarah's time was really be a Nick brain name brain work at the boss i'm a man brain from the mind as i'm brain stay did by a man brain good as they call me from the car they stand the store on my soul i yell and said it's dirty word at word we all know so many through me sit round and he hit me with a stick he said you better watch your mouth just dirty little hit that every step he said i thought the whole thing stop he said you should watch your mouth it's good now you're really talking to the back he said the flower comes and off the field is proud county sheriff got the three we be a Nick brain name brain work at the boss i'm a man brain from the mind of a man brain they've paid it by a man brain okay i'm the way to jail the comfort cuts him in the car i said you guys better watch your lips remember where you are he's never swear he want to there's nothing you can do it's just lying and there's got to be this member one side you when i went into the yard he has this comfort can i do think both that i was charged with play it's too hard through i said come on you're not a drop it came it's thing you really sit say god who thought the whole thing up is nothing for the loud and the cranes brain work at the boss i'm a man brain from the mind of a man brain there's nothing that's everything i'm a woman you're not a man brain see maybe somebody's up there brain it's always all that i have there's brain it's not it's not it's not there's brain it's not it's not it's not you're not you're not you're not the company six and the money you're back you're right you're going on vacation can i ask you what you're going to what area i'm going to you're going to the earth and your advisable i mean you were ill three weeks you're out you think the you like a programming expert no i'm just asking i know the job security i mean if my job is question and secondly i have a contract okay in that case you don't have a nice vacation and they had a trouble fine what uh oh man quetch job security well i'm away you know i'm going to take over the show i mean she's a very nice young lady and she's fun as you got a good sense of humor and she used to be married to jiff k so please have pity on her but i mean i'm not worried that i mean of course when boy gerryz it down anything is possible and if they want me if they want to write me a check for the rest of the year and a half that i have to go that's fine i don't think they want to do that i don't think they're panicking although it is interesting when he comes in here and he says what do you think of it i'm not the program director i haven't molded this operation okay i mean everything is relative and this show still has the highest numbers on a station okay not what they used to be by any stretch of the imagination but it's that shrinking accordion syndrome again and next month when the entire spring book comes out if it doesn't go back up all the way around then then this time to get insecure and start to get your subred hotdog stand tamarac gone see and i'm not even going to say i'm going to say it bokeh on the line seven nobody there okay is that a good example of this see i could go in and tell him what i think what the problems are but it would be pointless because where there's no sense there's no feeling because you can keep repeating the same things here for like a year or 20 years and is really is found out you better after to keep your mouth shut and you know leave right off when you get off the air every day and that same thing because they don't care wild and i can speak neo-port speaking deal how you doing okay i'm time for the first time call wonderful great great what are you going to really feel uh... you're lying to the you for and i'm not but i'm going to be okay thank you great call i see that's what it's all about eleven till one a wild for waterdale i want to know if you're going to finish reading the uh... trend what do you mean finished reading them finished reading like the fn one one here the fn one one here the fn one one here i can't read you every stage never take like from now to midnight to read everything i see here what specific we do i know i got the whole pile here sir hot magic joy well wait a minute like what what day parts what where when how who is readable read them all yeah no what you do that no i did not you're reading is the am no i'm not reading the am if i told you how little five hundred seven three and i really how to what five and he the i know what do you want to know but i don't care about the hot one of five well we don't know camera i don't see here now i'll hear the whole number six amn a midnight twelve plus okay how one of five seven three life that's if i'm they had a six nine okay power five eight two i four seven uh... while on hundred four magic of four kiss of four kiss this uh... w a x a laxia it is like w a's v that's a good o laxia three five okay uh... who else the debris is the wave the uh... thing three one that's rustle ways is a three one cubly fm two seven she two three okay okay you know what do we do it for you yeah right i see i was reading a book profifty w i o d my m e a nio yeah i was listening to the sports park show that keep you guys out of the uh... ready and i heard that josey gatti saying that he was out of the jury duty that uh... he was picked for a hundred but told the judge had a decline because i know i know profifty one of w i o d i was going to plantation hello hello no i don't okay how are you great all right listen i don't give a flying nico on a vacation just have a great time of the year and if you come back it's probably bad timing and i think i should probably wait another six months until i'm just totally worn out and what kind of a call was that strategically uh... like have an analyze when i'm going on going now because i need the rest right somebody's people are on the stand life is more than a job whether it's this job or any job because one thing about death that i've learned it's pretty permanent you know many people are just more on tell me about it okay listen i want to know do you have any say elvis for me and you have the elvis is everywhere no i don't know i have this on a city but i have it at home i got like the elvis how about the elvis pillow now i got l and i'm okay that's good is that to that i'm gonna pacify you sir i would ask for i mean one more thing if i can call my buddy do you know okay so many or big mega do you have a great time bye bye well i know you must have the same way after all the years been in the family and i'm telling you have a problem it helps to talk with countries who have the same problem okay i want you to have a share of the group now yes i do have a tool like so i think it very much for a while now i think about what do we order some double cheese pieces for a while but i'm just something that but our matter's not as good as i think you're always doing something to it in counter-set and your local element of the element we're chronic elders impersonators go for now i want to get what was i you saying i'll be in well i think it's time the people sat discriminated and self-paymail in person he doesn't have a balance you know i have to have a balance you know i have to have a balance learn to recognize the early warning song working with the global plane working in here i'm all sick of it incredible rigged and more people at elders and others we understand that impersonating elders is not a career it's a debut we never stop the liberty so much you can to hell enough it's membership and thank you thank you thank you so much we all know about the government i'm gonna drive me nuts comes in here he's fumbling around from her i want to borrow these numbers okay women he wants persons 25 if you were they great we choose their grams one out they who comes walking back in oh that's uh mid that's morning drive i wanted mid days one that he pulled out himself okay this man i mean we needed him in here like we needed flaming hemorrhoids dear field uh hi Neil hi this is Julie hi Julie uh i heard you guys talked an earlier about the new station post yeah and you're saying hi like listening to it uh huh i think it's the worst i can't stand anything up on the radio except this station you can't stand anything that's on the radio no it's awful well that's your opinion Julie because you say it doesn't make it so oh i know but i mean how many times can you listen to the same song over and over and over again but another you don't like music no i like music i just don't like the same stuff over and over and it's almost like that is waxy no not even close close the stands Julie what the coast is outstanding uh i i don't like it at all i'd be on this is the only station i listen to is this is well i'm sure well you wouldn't let two or three other people well i just want to you know to tell you how i'm like that station well thanks for not that it was there was some better radio you know better music they played on the radio they're really brightens up my day thanks Julie okay have a nice life thanks you too 255 at wild my any pay for yes yes you're in some jibbles let's go to a del Rey hello Neil yeah first i'm car alone times gotta tell you from what the stuff we have back in jibbago your show is pretty incredible yeah i mean i'm steaming Gary yeah and uh Dave Baum Dave Baum yeah and wally Phillips yeah and Dick B. on the yeah yeah i i have a request i want to know if you could play the i 95 song we already did you already did this played it all right you're gonna be okay no not really good what are you doing here are you like visiting or you invading or you spying or you oh we're spying and then waiting good okay all right have a nice life yeah 1255 at wild the sounded like ronsing john jen years grandson we have an open line in boka and del Rey beach 278 9463 don't forget Rick and product i'm going to come along day and they're gonna have another runhouses of the great vdalsho let's go to land tana hello hey mayo isn't a great to jim we win and the boys are going to kick tail in the east this year yeah don't you like it it's great are you having a dream series having a nightmare see that's nothing that i love about the pyre fans they're getting more i take it back everything i said about the meds fans okay i take back everything i have ever said the pyre's fans and i used to be wanted for 30 years are the worst are you listening in the newsroom chuck the worst i mean it's not even the end of junia okay we got july august in all of September they're only like two and a half games ahead of Montreal and the fillies are there and the meds are there and the meantime they're like they're just like the kid even have a conversation they're worst in the meds fans why take it all back i mean the meds fans at least they've got them excuse most of them are from New York my amy where happened to the dark way oh we have to dig another break hold on sorry so sorry about that we'll be right back introducing the six tens wild source line it's the source line it's six ten w i w i w i w i w i w i w look at that gt r mid day to eight women eighteen plus they had a one johnny you got a lot of pressure on your baby got a one okay two breaks to sound here we put that down to one two okay are those things down low but okay things are going too high for here let's slow it down so the women can join in the do you want to be that's that's why we don't have any women audience because things are too fast and the women are a little more low key you know i laid back north Miami high the l i don't think the women are like this but a couple of the dog eat out hello what is it a couple of the dodgers from the nineteen fifties were in self as you didn't mention their names uh petty mixes cow laborham yeah they're in thank it let's go to bulkah hello bulkah see there's a line seven again that's happened like ten times today right now has they've been living and reading people on there and they're not there anymore see and it's not the line of course Miami hello i'm an old blue they have a really rare tear and Florida yeah and i was wondering why no one considers us a market because really the music that we had back in the nineteen fifties was a lot more musical and not so repetitive and you know i know but he considers you a market because we knew that anyone no because most of you are dead but nobody told you nine minutes after one a w i can't believe it is that what this hour is going to be all about oh man you gotta be kidding me i heard some old parts of the canary yesterday and they have to know what's going on listen double your snooze right now is having world war three on the arrow paid lit your love it plays to an immediately wild hello on the vocal line on the vocal line yeah wild yeah here we go again yes did i speak the nail pretty speaking Neil he had you yeah are you doing okay it seemed like i know your lifetime really yeah because uh big of a thing i say that's pretty interesting yeah you were are you from the run uh near stake right now uh buffled no no no no i i evidently got the wrong nail yeah i uh i'm from circuitry sneer never heard of it i'm a sick ad well it's where anyway 65 years ago i was senior happens good tucking derby e i attended a boxing match what is it sick oh i think we got a bad connection must be that line again line seven ten minutes after one a wild these people crazy oh what what the hell is going on here i think that bill Smith and senior coming back to wild okay holy cow stuff wild let me congratulate them on the great show what let me oh you congratulate sister risk i'm so happy that i'm allowed to talk to you you're not wild now we're talking here we go here's that music in waiting for ladies and gentlemen let me at that period your gotty is back okay so we can have those drive wipes that i was at retirement right hold on a second don't go away whatever you do wild d i was disconnected your what i was disconnected i don't have a good reason for wild deal yeah pretty thick gonna win the national league is let's go to a mobile on from bokeh on a day line that may must be a mistake pal yeah want to tell you that i think your show is great yeah sure i listen it's hard to work finished pal we're just clean it up i listen to risk of the hair off the floor and i'm heading on out pal i drive to Miami to bog and mow come back every day and i listen to the radio for about four hours a day yeah and i was listening to the classic rock radio station that doesn't play the same song on the same day and you're the home with you looky yeah and i found that we can't we got they play the same music over and over again just at the same song in the same day i switch back over to w i have the i listen to you when you're on that station before i couldn't be happier i hope you're rating zoo off and don't don't hold your breath and i won't finish you've had it that if you become topical i believe your calls will be better because you want to have to be people waiting their time calling i'll have something topical to to discuss with it right you don't agree no you think they're still gonna call so what are you talking about if we become topical and we'll have all the people like those three nine year olds i would just talk head call and back to back well but i have a least a topic to discuss well i don't be great okay have a great life sir i don't ever call issue again here's a good call in hollywood i can feel this hello hey jackass why do you attack everybody all the time why you keep up with me so you keep listening but listen for years and you can't do all this jackass you have a baby or are you having a baby or are you having a baby if you have a whole heart of the disease that you can't stop yourself unbelievable i can't believe it that was the insurance guy i just can't believe it and he's been out there every day air-free single day like the guy who called written class yesterday they wouldn't miss a minute see that's the number one pastime and so forth is feeding on your hatred and that's what the show provides people like us uh this guy would just call what is his name's Saul i forgot his name it's been so long i can't believe he's still out there i can't believe it unbelievable incredible let's go to uh open part w i o d the home of death yes we don't discuss topics here you jackass corvables i want to the spice staple again on the Palm Beach line yes what's the spice staple again well that's great awesome restaurant yeah had there i didn't get the pizza cover they had all we don't care what you ate what the other week here what you ate what was good but it's great you guys got everybody healthy they should take around here we two eight sir w i o d what is it what's speaking milk what you have to speak a little out in the ad are you you got the radio up there sure yeah w i o d you're in nobody hold on w i o d yeah Roger who deal Roger Roger Roger's on the uh my cranberries show in the morning what happened milk what do i want i want to die i don't believe that insurance guy we i can't believe it i mean that was the most exciting experience of my lifetime i didn't care he's been hating me for 14 years and he can't stop listening i didn't hear him because i know in the nose and that one last person in her yogurt stop calling i have a message from Marvin stop calling and pestering melvin he's called street times today the yogurt do not call here again or your history there you go you know what's up why and ball people calling say what is it calling out of the calling out of the slime out of there are higher it spans is the problem i got an idea for one of your songs calling out of calling out of the muck from Forbes field of a big mungle that they turn into when they dumped it yeah i i got an idea for one of your songs show Christopher will be on the live or dead by the way Saturday morning but how you gonna live there's one for you oh Christopher buddy oh by the time i finished this call these older people call what you want i had an idea for one of your songs you know that song that you do with the used in our songs i'm the same yeah yeah yeah yeah you know two words song for calls uh huh you know because all your calls i'm the city is keep calling with you know what i'm sure excuse you know i try to come in and break up all this and i know you didn't do it one sixteen is wild Miami video yeah if you play your mama let's go to a coral jibble so well hello yes yes um yeah i like to call my husband and do you right yeah and i have a request what what's his name his name's Rick okay what are what are you doing like good drowning in the sea of phone what is what is his story sound like you've got the the cord wrapped around your neck yeah yeah and you have a hungry quest for you hold on wild hello okay good one wild w wild hi listen are you really from cdwappadaywan hold on wild candle hold it i see she hung up hello but she is not the same person i put her on hold for like five seconds and that's slut from the gables and just called her wonderful beautiful husband whatever it was she hung up wild you know who that is that's ship to shore i don't even have to hear the voice i've shipped to shore now what is it hello yeah are you from cdwappadaywan no for them i'd be saying that to get rid of that old fart okay because i was born there and i thought that would be interesting no i'm from Rochester oh New York oh you lied oh my god i didn't know i i've always what do i hope i hope i said yesterday let's see that lie i hope i've not this old i don't want to sit that in the morning back and those slimy old vegetables that are like 120 years old i can't handle it i hope it didn't hear that i'd help it go into that after i come back from vacation then we're going to start talking to those people everybody we're doing topics we'll have a good vacation thanks okay let's go to what's he she was in pampero is him far as on the line wait a minute hello zoom now zoom drop this food wild yeah want to talk to me oh speaking you'll say her strolls dude yeah yeah you know oh yeah did you really know him yes i do and you recognize the voice can you believe that that you'll sigh her she's an insurance guy and and brown in four lotterdale he has been cause like like about once you're being a half used to call more often when i was on a wind he eats me gets his blood pressure up his sounds like he's gonna have a stroke on the phone you will are you will just goes crazy and that's in that's like it and everybody knows his voice and i mean i wouldn't buy a dog tag from this guy any claims he never listens to you yeah right and i was there every time you recognize the voice oh yeah i know i thought it would be for god in the name i thought it was song something but you're right sigh her she like i said he drools dude boy have a good one thank you pal yeah see they're out there monitoring you sigh okay you maniac one nineteen a wild open park one hi ratings bring back the first yeah okay now we're talking wild hi you doing oh great oh Michelle from Davy and a first time car i listen for a long time great Michelle okay there's a nurse i'm just i'm real happy to hear that you're stroke wasn't very serious i would rather swim in a sea of dog poop five years than bring back the bird okay i don't want to back you that's what this town wants is the bird then they should almost delay them no thank you no i just want to say the things that you say live on long after you because i listen to you on wins and zeta and i heard you voting for cover on zeta if i'm in winter i'm not going to tell anybody what i ate but it was great yeah no is the best she'll visit the bed yeah well we do it and the amazing part of it is no matter where we go we draw these enormous crowds even was written puss or kind of like a liability but uh not seriously and uh but you never know it because we're the numbers are dropping like a rock in the next trend when the main book comes up we're gonna hold points the fixes in it's all bush and the purchase don't it well i have a great vacation thanks bye bye see you speaking of working puss a slut is in the building right now and he's happy is uh piggin large man he is just so excited because they uh they did it they went from a two eight to a two nine now seriously they went up in uh the young the 205 to 54ers and then man they got a little story there not much but they got a little story if the people in the building you're at a moment you'd boy here you're any names if they'll just calm down and relax for a couple of months everything will be just fine but they'll never do it this is the only station in america that reacts not only to every trend but like to every week of every trend okay so get out the underwear folks because we're gonna be doing a lot of change in the wild call me mr vindicated okay birdie nice talking to you yeah he's vindicated he's over there in lakeland shinin shoes let's go to Miami hello hey I do a nail okay hey when you're gonna have a remote wine casting New York yeah soon that's where i'm gonna be working nice down no i doubt that yeah we go up there every year i'm talking better once the law about wine castor never heard a line no i never heard all wine castor by buffalo right right i let's be a little more persistent okay pacific yeah that's the eastern pacific so yeah you're not gonna be going up that way for what i don't have a little remote hang out need some good food sir are you there sure hey fine 21 after one i have this hour this has been the best for me this hour what side hurts was good but not even a league with a lot of these other people i mean what the hell are you people talking about wild that was one of the better calls my amy i'm out of a job now well i'll be joining you soon wild yeah i read every truth okay thank you that was uh mark you and i recognize that voice anywhere wild yeah i was talking to you what let's talk to me well you don't have to be active have the phone inside your mouth okay so it's not a way more well it sounds like it or something else is you know that insurance i need to pull for tomorrow yeah why why why you said it's sorted i had the radio and i went and turned off your mind no no but like now it sounds like you got the whole instrument in your throat one more stop talking so loud i'm not coming out your screaming no it's your swimming over there it's the phone yeah i'm dying with you i'm lucky yeah yeah that's it yeah i just you know second time i call and i want to wish you a great application all right thank you okay but get a new phone yeah i know okay what a phone w i do it okay i do it okay i do everything it's an i i was listening to probably short the morning but then i got an immunity i didn't get to hear a radio so we're the awesome the trend really awful over there uh huh or there four five what was the last time uh four nine you know what i don't understand about this did everybody i talked to this is too short i know who do they sample it's a fix who do they sample they go to the uh U.S. immigration office up here at busking in 79 what the call the uh they pull all the if people are just got up the rubber rams you know he's not under yet here's it now it's hands is still breathing i think they show it it's making our our role has something to do yeah i think it's a setup myself set up and i think that that we should get two life through a gestation okay about the month of being uh we're going to be doing nice yeah with who with uh band major no with the junkies but thank you good luck yes i can't take your five one twenty three a w i or d and listen at least in a lot of you people out there take things for granted you think things can never happen to you but one these days you might just be amazed when you open up the door go out to your driveway or up to your parking lot at work or out the shopping mall and your car audio so we've been to is nobody said so i want to get a physics yeah he said so we're that we said that this is written put suck on or that's definitely alcohol guy so once the alcohol guy or it's i heard his nephew yeah tamaract hello yes man here yeah all right you know uh this question is a little bit for me like you're paying a little one still a little less track which is talking about right just what what what are we talking about i don't know if you know what's just going to be a bad call is that it that's not over hold on a second hello okay as it that was in far along distance on here but i'll allow them whole percent what is it i got control over the weekend for the first time my life i'm my early 40s i was arrested and i think my daughter's the fence and i write to no dinner frankly if you get you go to the judge and he said you get your probation for this it's the first time you think you get a criminal you get a criminal record or you just be an victim so if you're a rest of your life yeah for you're not granted is your criminal for the rest of your life there will be a little ball and change your front door your ass is grass found let's make him into explain something to you mister doom and gloom what what what are you what is it now what the numbers the book he came into explain the numbers no i know you know what you're talking about but i want to write is that if you've been sitting here yeah and looking at boy gerry sitting in that chair with that stupid idiot a goyzer look on his face yeah saying what do you make of it and then bring me in the version the bird's is so bird's is so funny did you ever hurry a laughing or coming birds you know actually does good in birds yeah i have brought beer any day that bird's so i came to explain something we were ready to go down in the afternoon you know why we'll go down but i need in the book okay we only had one month is started April 24th right we started here April 23rd so this is one month and two months of Alex now Alex was not going to move off like meds all right i hate to bring the news to what but i've been here year and a half i was came in here to protect my bud however i will remind people as you were here most of my vacancy and my one i was sick in a hospital okay well then sure and those down numbers roll it in the chart well i'm going to try to cover your hands with that two nine no what i was going to say is it started we started April 23rd yeah and the last period of the book last month started April 24th yeah Alex if he had a three and a two and a one which probably left with about a one okay the average would be a two for the last book right we even if we brought the next month up to a two we were lost the three so even with us being here we're ready to go down do you follow that that's all we're the yellow mario two do you follow that first of all i can say is this when the spring book comes out the whole book okay if we don't go all all go back up so yes it's a year of course we're nearly as far he knew this is going to happen just signed for three more years yeah but like you guys and me and of course stand with history anyway does know it if we don't go back up the letter crank out to your records you're going to go back up that's what i'm trying it's gonna be i feel great about one i was expecting to go down do you understand that don't say what i say does anybody under what the hell am i talking about do you understand it yeah you do yeah okay well we were expecting to go down the fact that we went up a test is just marvelous mario fabulous unbelievable yeah but when you go up a 10 from a two eight it doesn't mean much no but at least we didn't go down see what we have to hope see my Disney is now on the like head on show committee with our betrayer and like since that's happened since he's been on the committee they can no longer find the i-o-d listeners every trend i mean used to be like you be one bad one okay every book then we start the getting two now we get three now you know they're out there because i've been doing this a long time i mean just look at the phone you know they're out and hey and they're a lot of the hundred people the sponsors and the response they get a look at the most yeah and yet the the new deal with arbitrage and look at look at this numbers look at the wacky or arbitrage these Spanish language and the ethnic sampling that's going on between the Hispanic and black sampling there are no white people are get dire exactly okay they're the white ones don't have a black in anyway is it okay what the and the white ones don't send a bag of it if it's a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a minute like those uh those clues in the wipes that Alice is selling and moving why would you get rid of that if you to hurt that spot you better like and we may all be talking about well we may be using them pretty and but do you follow what i said you want to hear here for you see this i listen you didn't have a lot of here to leave i don't know if you're right you want to call on the floor just be this okay i see there's a little average right yeah that's Alex yeah i see that too very so i you see three two one okay you don't have to explain me how to say or exist ladies i also includes mars so let's say we brought it back up listen yeah this whole thing for all of us also include exactly you can't fly out was an unmedicated disaster for the whole station was the Alex Bennett Memorial mom that okay and when the whole book comes out with you included march will be gone so if you're pretty good the nell goose does hold thing up right at least a point okay now i got news for it if i go back up over a five in the next when the whole book comes up i'll be extended you will if you guys go up to like a three five you can kiss we will you and when you're in goes back up like about a four eight or five help his rides you're on the lips i'm now a big great are the trends weighted just like a lens now are there used to be but they are a lid now i don't believe that yeah but you see why we're especially to go down even if we brought that up the average between it there but you don't understand we've been expecting you'll back up for a long time we keep expecting and expecting and expected and expected right on i thought this one there was no way after the station got to a three six year i think we'd be good on again he was he might as well drove them away with cattle prod he did he's only been we've only been here a month you blow him away like what could be a big advantage of cast on this but also there's a hexaparness all it will wear off in fact uh... he was last in the point that the first go climbing one of my billboards trying to push those enormous teeth out my god damn sir i heard it's true if he had the ability you would have done it yeah well so you understand this is a great day i want to tell you a great day i want to say something to add it with that i want to say something to you i'm leaving private go you're coming back week you're going to be having i don't really care okay i mean i care but it's not like you can see this is my new home so i care so you should be happy because i'm not usually because i've quite frankly never worked at radio station we went out on a remote and people came from north Miami and steward and vocum they don't they wouldn't tell you how they're saying i'm listening to them all the way down to south bay almost to p-rine and we signed the back of jess paper plates from the piece of all that was pretty bogus not even our own paper plane bogus so the evil twins in our programming office in there not only have they are they overseeing the falling of the Titanic the sinking but their promotional between the billboards and the paper plates we're going to have a pull on that tomorrow and the next remote where we're going to do is take the pictures on the billboards and put them on the back of the paper plate so you can sign like on the teeth wrote down a movie funny a room well i hope they're listening because i'm in full agreement wait a minute are you still there i'm telling you that i've just been in the operation okay we're going to use it in far side her she's on fun number maybe we can call him up and cheer up a little bit little under the weather so i feel real good i just came in to say well i'm sure happy that you came in now get the hell out okay by the way you think rainy martins upset because i took a little a boat that no see i i want to bounce this off you know what a knit with boy gerryz already all right and i have a feeling because i said something in her the other day we're kidding around she's got a good sense here and i said why they chewed love doing this all the time and her face lit up like a honic a bush like she's got it in the back of her mind or the foot of her mind that she's going to be like my sidekick no now i want to emphasize i work okay and these numbers in spite of that one in temper call from lakeland have nothing to do with the bird the bird was a detriment the numbers on this show started going down before the bird left and a lot of that has to do with stuff that went on here last year okay we can't and we'll talk about right okay right i haven't told her but um so rainy and nice first but i know she didn't come into there at all i don't think that's and i think she may be the reason if that's gonna get her people who are you yeah just need to you guys care whether okay i want to talk about a virtual time he's here while i'm ready that's the one that has been man had there live a young man named Donald's i cool who's i will leave down around all these another day smaller maple shoes and they found it in like that because i'm going to get that for us those talk to lawyers that she wanted big bucks and the flowers are hotel the sound of time soon the lovely new is room all that you find is they for a bit the first call gives me and all of his tears you wanna say hi to be a bit but trust Oh, but no one's not. Do you make things easy, darling? I am fine. To laugh that was fine. Yeah, that's why she's so cute. She's so cute, she's so cute, she's so cute. She's so cute, she's so cute, she's so cute, she's so cute. She's so cute, she's so cute. Now, blow your water. She's gonna swim. And for she's too long. I'm about to ask that. You better find your mission. Take the cash, it's always scratchy. And you'll be better, you'll be better. Just as soon as you're over. And I'm down, I can. So baggy and easy. Finding more time, different levels. The most that's on this storm. A flyer in the room. And I thought we'd swim in a free bottle in y'all. You say, what did you see to the kids? Come on, I'll just do this. You see to the kids, run out of a ditch. You see to see a baby. I thought I'd let my staff go. The swim with YMK. 147 at WIOD. Margay. Neil. Yeah. Yeah, I had to tell you about this mung brain friend of mine. He's a cable man and windmower of all things. Mm-hmm. And anyway, he was telling me. About these oxygenated olive oil in him was. I thought a little Godfather music might be appropriate. Yeah, okay. It's good luck to you. WIOD. WIOD. WIOD. If I have a question, I'll be from Neil. I'll be from Neil. Are there any of your questions from Neil? I'd like to ask you something from Neil. Like the perfenders thing that I've been dying in eight year I want my girlfriend to hear it. We already played it today, sir. I'll let Anthony believe it. It's not a long car. It's a minute and two. I want seconds. I'm at her office. I give anything to her. You're at her office? Yeah. Okay. It's in the machine right now, sir. Thanks. Anytime. Sure, because I have a feeling that could be the next Duane stop, that car is getting close. It's like bubbling under Duane stop. Kendall. You know, if we could pull that number up, do you, can you imagine what the station would look like then? Yeah. Let's go to nice information, Steve. Here's him, far. Hao ALT. This time, don't hang up. Whio Ji. Heidi what do you want? Okay, let's go for all day long. No? Yeah. Ay. How professional he is. I might do it again. Hmm. Does he do it? Yes. Let's try somewhere else. That's the rain then? Yes. Yeah. See How broad she is. Yeah. where you ever hear that Sir my friend told me to request it because he's like you know he's sick of it You call he's sick? Yeah, like in the head I don't know he didn't think as a cold. It's a crazy just spend a lot of time in the head I don't know okay I'm praying before you never heard it before No, he just told me that he wanted to get that some kind of call Who's whistling on the other end there sir? I don't know Come on sister. Okay. Well tell your sister to get lost go least and okay. Okay. See ya Hello, I'm Stalin and I'm Harry here to tell you about a special place just a shot with a judge I'm New York Okay, no That's right. I want to go to get a bit of a man In the pocket of He gets everything He's got that stuff. I shuffle boy. They do work. I got a nine go for Saturday I'm a fool of trouble. You're here. I hope it's cool. You're in the pocket of a guy And the kill Channel back in Brazil Manage Enjoy their she even make your own you know Red Rock and Thessal Oh, okay, let's go. Oh, get in the pocket of yours There's a one and then we'll see our show Riddle me all and all In the pocket of Get a hot shake You're a nice Sit by the poor and that's why Cause you're a Let's get the tips you can be in the show Over by the exercise I'm True your brain. They'll talk and I'll try that and bucket Can Back in Brazil Manage And Johnny Don't forget Mickey Don't spread rock and crack Go for a real apple Walk in the pocket No Still has a line And they will be as show Riddle me all and all In the pocket of Let's go to pick it up I don't have got my teeth in the bag With the water and everything One for B3 and of course the flusin wipes Let's go to a hell and they'll hello Yeah Is the cutie you've been a furniture What do you want? I just want to say hello And no words you can't Keep sweetle talker over there Mumble in both of the What do you want? I don't have a hand now You're an athlete Okay, I wonder if that goes At least we heard something on a boat Which is unusual W-I-O-D Yeah You're right in the checkout You've got the date How big are you born? Today's date December 23rd W-I-O-D Hey, no I got a little suggestion, buddy Yeah You know every time somebody hangs up Will you tell us who hung up so we can call and bother you? Will I tell you why? We know like like when I hang up now And you say like now W-I-O-D W-I-O-D Okay, I do It's your residence place What is it? Your Rogers? Who? Sandy Payton Show Sandy Payton Show Yeah W-I-O-D Okay Sandy Payton is back on, I don't you know that? No, I didn't know that Well, there's numbers who are real bad So we're putting Sandy back on Okay, I'm falling with that She has the proctorologist Now would you like to speak to him? Sure, because it sounds like you're a good candidate Yes, please Okay, hold on Hold on Miami Airport Yeah Yeah Yeah Hey, I wonder Thank you for putting out this Favorite place in the morning of her? Yes, I'm 75 Yeah Oh, I caught up with it Just as I came on I want to thank you Well, congratulations sir We're here to know if they were We're here as a pubic service, okay?