Radio 610, WIOD presents Neo Rogers, to get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in date, 524, WIOD in Broward, or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm beaches. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neo Rogers, on New York Radio 610, WIOD. Radio 610, WIOD, WIOD in Broward, or 655, WIOD in the Palm beaches. I heard a woman know that the first round of the night. There's a huge out of work now. He's got to buy his own one, too. And he'll sail and look in back again. He's mongers and his foreign, he's got to be like the snoring. We're tired of hearing how the first guy is slurping. There's the emancipation of the night. He needs to find a job now. He's running out of doors, so he's acting like a loo-loo. He's from a brand new, he's from a brand new, he's from another that's the third round. Who? Okay, that's enough of that. 10-07 and WIOD. We have all the celebrities in the studio today. We've got Gilbert and Fat Rich. Where the hell is Eric Marvin? Is he holding Eric? Prisoner? Is he in a building? What does that mean? What does this? Why don't they go like this? I'm not sure I know what that means. Anyway, and we also have a surprise celebrity in Boy Gary's Office. We understand through the great fine. I wonder what that's all about. Do you think he's going to relent? You think he's going to cave in and show up here and also channel six. It must be a really slow news day. Channel six is here desperate for something to make something out of nothing. And we have the new times here. We want to thank them profusely for, in fact, Stan had it last night. And Stan also had a couple of real yentas. Yet is in training. We got a new deal here in South Florida. We've discovered wall of condolentas come from. There's Eric right there. Have a seat, Eric. We'll put you on in just a second. In fact, maybe you and Gilbert want to get real familiar here while we are. It's set up. Anyway, what was I talking about before Eric came in? What was it? See you're not paying attention. I'm just testing you. You're not paying any attention. No, you're just upset because you know who is in the other room. I was asking the musical question. What's he going to relate and come in. Now, do you understand what any of this is about? You do. Okay, give him that mic Gilbert. Because you'll have plenty of opportunity. You've got to get close to something, Eric. How long have you been listening to this show? About a year. Is that my con, Melvin? Or is he just doing a pie himself? Go ahead. Well, I saw a wounded bird when I was walking here. I was just thinking about dead birds. By the way, it's as well sitting on a platform waiting to speak. The 78 year old Winston Churchill was handed a note by an aid. Churchill glanced at the message which it vies. Prime Minister, your fly is unbuttoned. Churchill then scroll beneath it. Never fear. Dead birds do not drop out of nets. Do you get a Gilbert? Okay. And what we're going to do a little later on. We're going to have a little contest to see which is the real Gilbert. Is it real or is it memoryx? Wouldn't that be good? Now give Gilbert back. We don't only have more than one microphone come on, Rachel. Do something constructive. We let you speak yesterday. We'll never happen again. Oh, look at that. He's got a long one there. I mean, a micro. Anyway, speaking of that, does anybody get the impression that Alex is desperate? Well, I mean, talk about horny. Do you get that impression? Because that's the topic for show today. Alex wants to get laid. That's what it says on the thing here. Is that? Yeah. That's a subject again today. Well, he's going to keep talking about it until something happens. Which I think maybe by July. Okay. Look at this. We got a whole bunch of mics here. We got the TV people. And like I said, somebody is in with boy Gary. I've got the article here. Let's do the first break right away. Is that okay, Gilbert? You sure? Because you haven't said much yet. Let's talk for a minute about the party last night. That's what I was starting to get into about those yentres and training that called Stan. What did that piss me off last night about? Well, Neil's tried Bill. I didn't shine anybody. Didn't I say on the area yesterday? Probably wasn't going to be there. Yes, because it was his party and his audience and I didn't want to muscle. And so I went to his house. I'm getting that very expensive gift that I bought him. I know, I wasn't really expensive, but they're nice for an ocular. So we can at least see his horses falling back at the track. I had a fabulous time last night. A lot of people. Oh, yeah, that's the about 300 people. They had a wage about a couple of shifts because I wouldn't pay to EA. And left your was there. Oh, yeah, left the map on that. Yeah, Matt was all very well. I should make the right decision. And also the one big ice, you know, the one that was targeted to me, that you met him after track. Now the eyes. Oh, man. Did I make it? Is he a friend of yours? Now you're the same. Oh, good. Well, that's good. Better you than me Gilbert. All right. So we're going to read the new times article. It's really not anywhere near as exciting as I thought it was going to be. I guess they cut the really slanderist stuff out that he said is that possible. It's only one page. It's got a beautiful picture of the bird. He looks just like head and cappling with the only his teeth are shiny. And then they have a reasonable fact. Similarly of me there and underneath it says W. I have the big mouth Nearodges, which I take as a tremendous compliment. Not bad. Did you see it? Eric? I haven't looked at it yet. Well, look at it. I mean, the article while doing the break here and then you can kind of get in on this too. Look at that. He's all got to like a. Are you dressed like that for a reason today? Did you think this was like a classy place? Of course not. I want to do a good. Okay. You didn't have to put in clothes on. Look at me. I thought it's a very positive idea that Alan funds might be here. Let's talk about Toyota Hollywood right now. Come down. Come in. You think you're going to come in? You do why? Oh, you went out and checked it out. Oh, you have a feeling that he's going to relent and come in here. Wouldn't that be exciting? God. That would be great. Did you go for that? The bird coming in? Yeah. Oh, that would be great. That would be said. You know why he's going to come in? Because he knows there's food coming anyway. Let's tell you about Toyota. I'm going to tell you how to do before we read the article. By the way, we have a celebrity collar on the hotline. Hello. Yeah. Let me come see you. Where are you? I'm going to hit in place. I'm hitting away someplace in the building. The balls of the building. Yeah. Exactly. Bird is in the balls of the building. All right. You're Gilbert. I'm done. Okay. Now listen, Bruce and Disney won't let me come in and see you. Why not? They said they didn't want it. They didn't want it. And I said that they don't want what? Why not? Why not? You asked them. I argued and argued and they said absolutely no. They didn't want it on the air. They didn't want what on the air. They didn't want me to confront you face to face. They didn't want me with what? What the article about what's on this screaming and all these horrible things you've been saying about me for four days. I read the article. I don't see anything there. I want to talk. Pretty weak. Well, they took all the slanderers stuff out. Why do you think there was slanderers stuff? Well, that's what Fat Rich said. Did he write here? Okay. Well, let me see if we can't get through to them. I mean, are they decide who's going to be on this show now? I think we have like, both are warfare here. Now I can't believe it. They're going to censor a guest on this show. I mean, if Alex can have some bear breast in bullbony here. Why can't I? We could certainly have a red breast in the... Leader. And Disney and Bruce said absolutely no and get out of the property. Get out of the property? But I thought I hadn't secreted away. Now you see now everybody in your audience is, oh, this is obviously set up. This is a put up job. Well, that's what they're all going to say. We have never controlled anything. No. Except a weekend in Chicago. There's that laugh again. Yeah, I heard it. Not quite as enthusiastic as it used to be. Well, you know, I listen. I just want you to know that I'm still a fat gay abus still. Because I saw that's one of the big damn still all those things. Okay. I know. Are you fat? Yes. Are you gay? Yes. Are you an atheist? Yes. None. But not screaming. I know some people who are screaming, but that's an ignorant. Well, you wouldn't be happy in here anyway because Eric is in here and you could very upset when he's very good looking good. Although Eric is so pretty. They's probably prettier than a lot of the girls you've seen. Okay. You don't mind my saying that. Do you know how he likes that? Are you a model Eric? Well, you should be. You have to have a job. Gilbert said Eric was pretty. I wanted to do Gilbert. Well, don't say come on. You're not Gilbert. I mean, I know you're not fast in the business, but geez, don't lose me my job here today. Now, what is their problem? Why are they so hostile? Let me just a quote one thing. I've read the article in a minute. But it says December 5th, Gary Bruce, WID program director called me into his office. This is you talking and said there was nothing wrong with my work. They all liked my work. Yeah. So why are they so hostile toward you? They love you. I thought I was invited in by Nick Lawrence a couple of days ago. Well, but you turned it down. Well, what made you change your mind? Well, when I came to change your heart. Oh, God. When I saw the article. In other words, your wife is vicious as you thought it would be. It wouldn't be quite as hysterical in here, right? No, I suddenly developed a little bit. There's nothing to do with that. I didn't see anything in there that you've been screaming your head off about. Well, I've been screaming based on what Howard Stern, a wrote the article told me or whatever his name is. Howard Stern. Rich. I mean, fat rich has been sitting this thing up like it was a verbal warfare. I mean, a whole lot. Look at that. We got almost every line of the board flashing and puking him. Well, I'm going to talk about reality. What it really was in reality. Yeah, Gilbert, some as with that phone. Give you ever seen anything like that. Gilbert, You don't enjoy was it wasn't that there wasn't? Yes, it was. It's like a Christmas tree. Oh, how to cook? Yeah, let me do the material. So anyway, you're in the building somewhere. He's taking the building hostage. Well, Bruce discovered me. He just opened the door and looked at me and left. He looked at you and laughed. You look at me and laughed. Oh, left. But he said I was allowed to call. What is he upset about? I don't know. I'm going to see if the boy Gary's upset Rich. This is incredible. We have to send super yet out to see what the hell's going on. I wanted it to continue and public, not improv. Exactly. We don't like this back. You want to you. We've leased it. I come right out on the ear. I know you're listening. I say it right out there, right? Or even if you don't like it, I say it. Why are we? I don't call up that Richard home. At night, it's all that the S.O.B. The bird. I don't do that. I come right out and lay it on the line. Yeah. Yes. We're glad to lay it on the line. Eric and I have some things to do here first, but when we're done, Well, that's what I wanted to do with this. Well, you want to do with Eric too? Alex Bennett made. I think he's going to do it with anything that moves. You better watch out if he comes into building. Very desperate man. This is in a wider day, this whole thing. Okay. Can I put you on hold for a second? You're not going anywhere, are you? Well, I got no job. We also can do it. Well, that's true. Well, I'm, I don't want to come back to the phone and find out they're carrying you out. Do you remember in network when they dragged Howard be a law? Do you remember that scene? And what's that happened? Okay. Hold on. Okay. The bird is on hold. He's somewhere in the building. And right now, fat rich is in there. Just trying to hit probably. You've got to create a tremendous problem because you know him will go in there. What's your problem? Don't to be a little diplomatic rich. Okay. I mean, you don't work here. You just kind of stick your nose in everybody's business. You're not there. Just find out why they're so uptight. I don't see anything wrong with this. We invited the man to come in. They never said to me, oh, gee, you shouldn't have done that. They never got, I haven't heard a word from them. Of course they don't speak to me. But that's another story. Anyway, Gilbert loves char-hod. Yes. Oh, thank God. You'll wake Gilbert or you just didn't have a state of shock there. I'm on fire with it. I'm awake. Okay. You'll have char-hod. They'll be open in seven and a half minutes by the way. There's a lot of people like lunch earlier, right? Yes. That's about the early birds, so to speak. They serve real food. We'll fast the great news, sir. We'll stay sandwich with a barbecue sauce. The truck big. Okay, 1026. Can you hear me on? Am I on? Am I on? Yes. Anyway, I'm not in the studio. So I don't want anybody who started playing Butch blanch now. I kind of figured I'd walk around a building and see if I could find anybody. And we're in a little in the balls of the building now. A little short cord here, but I've always said that problem. So you can't come in, huh? You could have knocked me over with a feather. You said that a lot. You could knock you over with a feather. That's another story. I don't understand it because it says here that they like your work. They like you. They were going to offer you weekends. Yes. They said what he told me. And they love you. They said, don't want you in that studio, boy. I can't believe it. They told me to get out of the, get off the property. Off the property they told you? Yeah. What does that mean? They like Gilbert in. What does that tell you? Maybe Gilbert could come in here for a second. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Oh, see my buddy now. Come on. Gilbert, just for a minute. Okay. How you doing? I'm doing it. Gilbert's going to be Gilbert and Erica. I'm going to replace you. We can't do it with one person. Of course. Gilbert, fascinating. I have been Gilbert. I had in here. Gilbert. I still think about that. Yeah. I feel Gilbert for just a second. He's got an important outside of parents to make. Well, you're in such demand. Gilbert, it's incredible. Hey, Gilbert. I don't, don't, aren't too loud now. We're here at this. This is the Bows of the building. Is this in Sradlton? Yes. That's the, the extent we have to go to to accomplish anything around here. Were you surprised that I showed up or that I wasn't invited in? Yes. I'm glad I met that you weren't invited in. Don't say that to me. We invited you in. Well, me and Matt Rich, what I meant was social directors. That they wouldn't let me in this morning. This is a big surprise to see you and me together like this. Yes, you're as big as we wonder what it's all about. You know, you only mind me. I took a couple of me. Like, uh, uh, Glenn, do you know, uh, at Kaplan? What? At Kaplan? No. Well, look, look, I like, uh, at Kaplan. I do. Yes. Huh. I've heard about it this evening. So you read the article Gilbert. Well, reaction. I'm not yet. I haven't had it. Because I've been so excited to have a peek on person and this is a big surprise. Yeah, in that. Yeah, I'm surprised. I can't deny that I'm surprised. Let's go on. On. They have set. Okay. They're hearing carrots hitting the wall out there. That's not too much. Okay. Okay. So do a little interview. Find out why he's on the website. Okay. Why are you upset? I'm upset. I'm upset. I simply, there's been a guy here who's been for two months saying things about me that are awful or are not true or giving wrong impressions. And because I don't have a voice right now, another word is my own show or any place I wanted to set the record straight on a couple things and just sort of give my side of it. Anything wrong? I just should be entitled to a tabious side of you. Oh, it's not just that. Well, when you read the article, there's some things in here about a well, for example. No, no, no. Why they picked that is to put in big letters. Yeah, screaming. I wanted it to, to, to, well, it's really the article turns out simply to be like a history of the team. What happened? And a few incidents that's all. You know, how did you find a nail? How did I find them? Yes. I was working over it. You're sitting in a room alone, screaming and yelling and his blood pressure going through the roof. And I sort of came in and, uh, come down a little bit. I did not make him into what he is today. I did not make him funny. You're, I didn't do that. My goal, the entire time I was with Neil Gilbert, was just to make the show better if I could. And interesting to contribute a little bit. And, um, don't give him a chair. Don't get so in your and interesting. You know, start, you know, we got already got one problem. We have a problem. No, I don't think so. And, uh, I think I may have been a little misunderstood Gilbert. Uh, I've always admired this man. I was a big fan. I'm here for our lives. Do the audience out here by the way. Here we go. This is great. By the way, Neil, incredible. Look at all this. And it got the TV channel sixes here. This going to be on the news tonight. By the way, on channel six. I'm looking flat. So that when I do me two, don't miss it. You know, the jazel for an end show. Over on channel. Yeah, but time is to dance. So I can fix on sex. Six, 30, maybe. I'll play on sex to clock on sex. Yeah, me think. Don't turn it off. By the way, boy Gary is on meeting in the conference room and there's a Blu, you know, my way. You'll put it. But I guess I are hugging. Oh, but I guess that when a camera's rolling come on. I guess I can continue to talk story of my life. I was hoping Eric would be doing a hugging. And it's Gilbert cheese. Hello. Yeah, I still have a mic. Yeah, you still have the mic. This is. Yeah, but it's better if I'm back in here. Isn't it? I, well, this is sort of like hermen of Medine. You're in what's going on. You're in one room. I'm in the other. I'm in the Community and the conference room. Oh, yeah, today is Wednesday. They have those big meetings to set up next week's meeting. Come. I can't hear him. What the hell just to have hello? Hello? Why? This is like hermen of Medine. I love. Oh, yeah. You're in the Medine. You need some help. You want to sneak in over there. And so they can't help them. Can you say post 97? You bet you bet you whatever. Right. Okay, that's good to be back in here. I got some material I can use. Okay, I guess I should read the article on the air. Should I? If you like. And I would like to though comment occasionally. That's pop. During the reading? Yes. Why not? Can we wait till we? But it's not that long. Now it's one of the article leaders. One page. But it's a way. Why can't we just through it like point five point and go through it. Can I read it first would you like? And then we can go back and go over it. It'll be better. It'll kill a lot more time too. True. Okay. Hold on. What do we mean hold on? He's not on the phone anymore. All right. Let's do that break now. Well, because I got to read this thing. It'll take about five minutes. It's all in then. We'll go over it. Point five point. It's America. You ought to have a right to say your thing. Well, thank you. And I will now seriously. I don't know what they're also hysterical about. What are they all up tight about? What the hell is there problem? I don't know. Other than usual, what's usual problem brain damage? Will they bring me food in this room? And now we find out why you came here. Okay. There's one of those old last great. Oh, man. All right. That is all right. 27 till 11 and W. I'm doing a little break. We've got the bird in the booth. And the Gilbert in the box in Erica City. You're taking this pose very slowly. And just tell me keep his clothes on Eric. We don't want to be. I mean, what's your name Gilbert? Okay. 26 till a lot. You know, Marvin already. You know, he's not getting very shook up when Eric comes in. And this not used to sing anybody looks human. I have to look at Melvin every day. All right. It's a 1034 and W. I'll be right back. We do good. We do good. Okay. 1038. It's only two till 11. It's over your words. Ever been okay. I just did dummy up in there. I will have you kicked out of the property. Okay. But of course, you can go over to Channel 7. Yes. And create some real problems for them. So I don't know what their story is. They must be having a executive meetings about this now. Well, send Richard to crash the meeting in a minute. Okay. Now here everybody be quiet. I'm going to read this verbatim verboten from new times page four. And the circulation guide didn't show up from new times. He must be ugly. He didn't come in here today. Okay. It says, Roger's to heal. Bye bye, birdie. The business of radio is well known for its revolving door. They must have written a story here. One minute you're on the air. The next minute you're on the sidewalk. So common is the in and out routine. That's must be on the Alex Benicho. They're talking about so common is the in and out routine. That the door is usually kept well oil occasionally though it squeaks. Or wouldn't you know that? Oh, there. And a rack on squeak occasionally though it squeaks is some poor slob tumbles out to an uncertain future. And so Glenn the bird hill recently fired from his job at WIOD AM and Psychic to top showed terror and Neil Rogers isn't quite willing to slip silently into oblivion. And Roger's on for the foremost per veer of pure spleen is not willing to put up with the birds squawking. The actual on the birds neck and December and he says it came as a complete surprise. I had no inkling. I thought we were a team. I thought this was my job. Now Eve says Roger's a filest firing camas a shot that's only because his ears were plugged up. And I've got news for you. Anybody else would have can't his ass a long time before I did. Such as life on the air waves, he'll as not a work but not for the first time in his career. Between 1976 and 86 he delivered afternoon news and that in time it reviews a love 94. I I rainbow be right with you. Ultimately leaving that's the he's right in that room over there. Ultimately leaving that station under mutually acromonious circumstances. He was hanging out at the WIODZ Newsroom in 1987 hoping to land a permanent position when he met Neil Rogers who's talked to a we shifting from issues oriented frothing to stream of consciousness I started bringing in the mail to him recalls Hill and started staying on the air for a few minutes when Rogers moved his act to WZTA FM on weekday mornings in November 87 Hill went with him. His role expanded to that a featured presence on the show is distinctive cacol of a laugh punctuating Rogers die tribes against neighbor's rival radio personalities and so forth. The morning show was hugely successful garnering top ratings but according to Hill the program's risk a comedy in a protected legal angle with corogables attorney jack Thompson began attracting the attention of the FCC that made zeta management uncomfortable and that made Rogers uncomfortable so whenever a November 1988 Rogers packed up his insults and moved to WIODAM where his midday program has been a ratings weiner winner ever since Hill went with him and that's when the trouble began. Hill says when I met Neil he was a fat gay atheist sitting in a room and screaming. I attempted to take the edge off his hatred to inject something positive some goodness in humor into the show. I could tell that I. Calm down. Rogers I've been in the business for 30 years that means there were 27 years before I met Glenn Hill. I had a lot of success in his market before I met Glenn. He didn't make me funnier that really cracks me up that I was a miserable person before he came along. That's hysterical. Hill pin points this past August is the turning point in their relationship. The baseball season was hot and the Chicago Cubs were making a serious run for the pen and right Gilbert. Yeah Rogers I'm into sports. I like the Cubs. I talk about it all baseball season but every time I bring it up he takes his mic and slam it on the table. Put his head down and start pouting and sulking. Hill says I have no interest in sports. It borees me and I would act bored. The only section of the newspaper Neil would read was the sport section. I've never known anyone like that. Hill admits he threw temper tantrums but says he cooled it after Rogers asked him to stop. Nonetheless Rogers began attacking him on the air bringing up subject that Hill had thought would remain private. Rogers the only way I found success in dealing with a bird was by ripping him on the air. All I could add little joys here come on enjoy joy to party. Be part of our live studio audiences food coming. Otherwise what I said when in one year and out the other would last for a couple of weeks but then the addict would start again. Hill he or harassed me about anything he could. Example Rogers said the bird took a Twinkie apparently a young girl aside and ignored other fans at a personal appearance at Toyota of Hollywood. Hill claims that was not the case. But says I made certain that nothing like it would happen to other personal appearances. Now he says that I always took a Twinkie off in the corner. He never forgets and he never forgives. Rogers the ripping was part of his role on the show part of why he was here to be ripped. The problem was that he became a liability instead of an asset he got way beyond the original role to sit in the back lap a little bit. Take care of certain odds and ends and just be an adjunct but he wanted to be an equal wanted it to be a two man show. I don't do a two man show. The end for the bird came on December 5th a Tuesday. Hill says Gary Bruce W. I.D. program director called me into his or a fist and said that there was nothing wrong with my work that they all liked my work. He said Neil Rogers wants you off the show. I thought it was a joke. I was waiting for another sentence but there was no other sentence. Rogers was not present at the meeting. I'm the one who said a general manager Mike Disney. He's got to go and they jumped at it the next day they said audio goodbye your fire they obviously were in a court with it. That week Hill says he called Rogers was cordial and friendly. The following Monday however Rogers again began to rip into the bird inviting colors to voice their opinions about Hills firing. The audience according to Rogers supported it almost unanimously to the bird it was the trail. Hill people were always telling me he was hateful it took three years but after my firing I found out that was true. Rogers he was unemployed doing nothing when we made a job for a lot of nothing and out of coming in and laughing and stuffing his face with a free meal every day for three years. We gave him a health opportunity getting paid fifty thousand dollars to laugh and eat but he couldn't just do that his head got too big for his bridges he wanted to be a superstar. Neil made me a name if you know him you know me I thought I could parley that into something good but that hasn't happened. I want to remain friends there's no reason not to I thought maybe I could see him sometimes maybe go to the track with him but he doesn't seem to want that. Rogers we had no relationship there was no personal friendship or common interest about interested in ripping back. I wish him luck and hope he finds himself a job I'm doing better now that he's gone I feel liberated. End of quote and of article by Albert Stern. You got it. Did he pass out did they get him out of the door? Oh he's in there I'm still here believe it. Well that's it that's the end okay it's all they wrote. Well there was obviously a lot more said a lot more of a lot of him. How do you know that well that's what Albert's spirit told me he was reading from the notes now he came to your house let's go back to the beginning okay how do this article come about. You know all I told you I wanted to you told me no I told you a few minutes ago. No I told you a few minutes ago I wanted to forget about I wasn't in there we just make believe okay I don't want to get you know the powers that be upset. I wanted how emotional and erratic or I wanted my voice upon the property what I wanted to say my piece I wanted to give my side of the story so I called them. Why wouldn't you call a Harold? I would you call new times I mean new times is pretty marginal isn't it no no. No like a mainstream publication that everybody reads is like a household word. I think a lot of people see it I find it pervasive down here I see it everywhere I go and I thought it's pervasive that's what I find it everywhere I go every. But people from channel six are not in yes it's everywhere yeah absolutely. They're not talking about the same thing but I'm trying to give you this was my property reads new time your mind. Everyone wants to know what you're based out of their mind you're right did you ever read new times. I think it I want to try. No I mean new times. Don't we don't want to get your personal life yet that's a little later. One. What I read the magazine once now why didn't did that rich think it was vicious why did he think that he's here is his mic open Melvin. I knowven is his microphone open I never say your mic is open. Well slide it forward don't sit it a back don't be a whimp now you're the big trouble make you want to create it most of this. Well first of all Glenn why don't you tell me about the why you didn't go in can't hear. He's way in the back why don't you like how I spend it don't put your hands in front of the mic headset why I mean go to the head. Why I mean go to the Harold yeah because he didn't what you told me the other night what I don't remember remind me that good. That new times was number one on your list and if they wouldn't pick up the story then you would go to Tom jick Tom jick of the hero or one you go to. Yeah I think it's one work if I don't I mean one I thought someone would listen to my story new times was my first story. What story my side of the story what side of what story you got not allowed to have a side well I guess but I mean you got fired it happens in his business. Have you been fired before yeah will you be fired again probably well there you go so so that's life that's life in the radio biz okay had a good run for almost three years wasn't a soft touch. Yeah dealing with you that was like a lot okay here we go dealing with me this is excellent let's hear about it well. You're the easiest person on the face of the earth to get along with every day no but when you feed somebody every day and you pay him that kind of money and you create jobs for them when they're not even wanted don't you understand that when I went to Zeta I had lunch with Gary Lawrence you remember that. You know what you're about it yeah and let's with Gary Lawrence he said we want to put you on the FM in the morning we're trying to save Zeta the thing is going over like a pregnant pull vaulter. And I said okay I think I give it a shot of sounds like great the opportunity and he said who do you want to know you know morning show can't have one person who do you want with you and you were the first person I mentioned and he looked at me and he was hysterical. Are you nuts was it a correct decision do you think on your part. You're looking at it in retrospect for Zeta yeah morning show okay everything was fine great all right. Capriita was pretty good too I agree wasn't it yes you get along with day yeah very well always have a known day for. Deca are we missing something didn't we have a little episode here on the air about back in November all year but we straight now okay when I just want to make sure. Okay so we did that and then obviously now the thing in the article here about the FCC and all this up that was a part of it but let's face it I think there's a little more to leaving over there. Then just that wasn't there you know sure well this is just what they decided to plan working for morons or they don't want to put that in there yeah. So I called my agent and we made a deal for over here and I decided to man did that you been part of it right yes and I found out what you wanted to get paid and I got it or you right that's correct you came over so we created a thing. So the idea that I wasn't to put it your way the easiest person all you've had is come in kind of chuck a little bit eat that food read the inquire. It's amazing that I read the sports section I didn't see you reading any great the New York Times or the Washington Post you are reading the star and the inquire and all the tabloids which is part of the show. Yes also I don't have to read the herald and the son sent a more do the thank god or US news and world reporter all those other. Fashes publications I can just sit read the sport whatever I'm interested in okay because I don't discuss those other things on the show. I see the news on CNN I mean it can make them as a shock that I am fairly aware what's going on in the world. You know right yeah oh and I was here so what was the problem what was so difficult about what about working with me every day. Well you come on don't hold back let's get with it let's do it I'm not even in the same room this is this is kind of neat actually this may there may be something to this. What's the answer I got to do a break in a minute what's the answer the question you want to think about a while I do the break good idea okay takes makes a note okay 1050 a wild and the boy we got our own life live studio audience here ladies and gentlemen. What is it seem to enjoy this yeah anyway with valentine okay just got your free car wash. Are you in there me yeah just got your free car wash did okay well all right now let's all hold it spent wait till we hear what he has to say and we'll decide all right go ahead. This kind of changes thing yeah. Yeah come and two from Reno's by the way just really. You want what I want some to but they're still got his clothes on go ahead. We go to point by point what was the question before the break let's release three quick. Yeah it was it was so difficult coming first of all I don't understand what this has to do with anything because it goes with the territory in other words if I'm up. I've got to work with yes nobody forced you to come in other way you could write well you're son of a bitch I don't like taking all this abuse and you're a bad guy and I'm going to go like back to the 94 or something or whatever would have been I never said that. Well what was the problem I don't know if that's the right word I was willing. To put up with it right and I and I tolerate it yes and I attempted to stand up to you when I disagreed with you I used to disagree with you every day but nobody everybody just said I was like this but. Kisser you know and I guess man which I don't believe I am I tried to stand up to you when I felt differently than you did about things which I thought you could happen every day. Yeah it's a funny. You're a little bit almost anything you know you know how that goes and and so I was willing to do it but sometimes you would get things in your head and it no matter what anybody said you know. You didn't you didn't hear the you didn't hear their side you know occasionally but I was willing to put up with that but I I thought there was a little bit to it and you always you know you still to this day tell the job became any laptop five or six times you know. You know you ate a free lunch and he went home and that really wasn't the job that really okay what was the job read redefined the job was and I will see where you and I have a difference of opinion okay. I was the job was to support you which I did want to do and to like when I was in court that one morning when I was on vacation all those women would call it. Oh it's so wonderful hearing you plan that you look such a factor that they said I did know you sucked up to him and you love it you loved every second of it now I never once not once was there any word not a whimper of defense not even a cackle of defense. It was always oh well he's so intimidating you know they used to say that you know they did wait this is kind of like juvenile you know I know it. Petty let's get to the big stuff let's get to the meat of the matter right or okay or really go ahead. That was easy go ahead and hear the injuries coming in here this is exciting well Harry's probably got to do the oh I can't say that well they all know where you are here he's going to do the news yeah they all know where I am now well I'm not in. I'll be done here in a second that's for sure okay so what is it now let's hear there I don't hear too much okay I gave you all that time during the break to come up with all your best shot I'm not hearing too much. I'm not a lame about how I wasn't Mr. Perfect and I was a little antagonistic and I was a bad guy all of that. I didn't say you were bad. What about it? What about what's the problem? What part what point are we talking? Well see the reason let me try I don't I want to put this delicately but the reason that you're not here anymore. Is because I had a bigger problem than what you're describing okay what would that be well we've already talked about it's in the article and just got to the point and you've even said in here. You've never where's that line again and never met anybody like that because you think I have an obsessive interest in sports. Yes, and a lot of things like people would call from upstate in the york and that would bet get you all been out of shape. If it wasn't related to you know you don't want to hear about I disagree. Oh I deny that okay, but with sports I do admit that. I don't in other words when people from Rochester would call and you didn't want equal time for somebody from Lakeland. No, of course not. You didn't hear the one you used to bring up Lakeland constantly I didn't. Yeah. I don't think we're I think we have a little more to talk about. After the news. Oh, okay. Well listen we have the news coming up now is Henry in there. Yes. Is he okay? You all right. Is he standing up? Yeah. Prop it up in there. Oh, yeah. That could be a part of your new job description. Prop it up in there. Give me a helping hand. And the double comeback and we'll finish up five out exactly what the problem was and then of course we'll take some call. You want to take some calls, don't you? You want to take some call? Yes. Okay. Can you take some calls Gilbert? Yes. Okay. Thank you. Absolutely. Okay. Gilbert's got the 11 o'clock news. I mean Henry and then we'll come back in 11 o'clock. What's Alex doing today? Alex is horny is what it says on the sheet. Committee and Jackie Bennett TV weekend anchor Diana Morgan. Maybe there's a transform and we'll be right back. Those are the stations. Now here's Neil Rogers on Newstart Radio 610 WIOD. We want to be on. We want to have a funnier. Okay. Gilbert try to control yourself. I know it was a hell of a party last night and you're on an emotional high and you're off. What did you say now about all the excitement that happened in one hour? You got to be on channel 6. Yes and to meet the impact interviews of the bird. I'm shocked. All in the past. We've played. It's like killing two fights and one stuff. And I'll so to speak. Okay. Gilbert said that. I didn't say that. All right. We're going to get some calls here. But now during the news you've had a long really giving you a lot of time to put it together. Yes. And now what is it? What is there something here that you're not saying? Don't hold back. Okay. Because we can't see you. You're protected by bulletproof glass. No, it's good. Now things would have worked out better if you'd have been in there all along. You know it's a thought. Henry says no. Go ahead now. Don't let me step on your material. I just want to say on a top guy to work with. Now what's just line here? Never forget to never forgive. That's true. You are you with that? Well, I have a body like an elephant and a brain to match. I never forget. I agree. You never forget any. And I never forgive. That's correct. That's correct. And if you believe that. Okay. So that's about it. I just want to say that I did the job to the best of my ability. Right. I dealt with it. I'll question about it. For a time there it was just tremendous. And awesome. Awesome. Awesome. And I really, the only thing I did was I really, that was me. That was my personality. I'm a person. I have a personality. I really don't. I really don't apologize for anything I did. Well, that's good. Okay. And I don't either. All right. So it kind of like where to steal me. Are we? Well, I let's let the colors kind of. And then we have our own studio audience here that's going to vote on it after we eat boat. Oh, geez. Well, it's like Judge Watt, all the studio audience. I don't mean that. No, because that's all set up. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The, uh, dark lady will be calling 100 times and rather. Oh, no. You're going to be Judge Watt, you're going to be the Gilbert. Yes. I am. Gilbert's going to be. He's got the final says putting his robes on right now. Perfect. Excellent. Reno's downstairs. The food is here. So everybody's going to be in a great mile. It's your way boy. He just came back to life. Yeah. Who's going to bring me food? Well, that depends upon your behavior in the next few minutes. Now, they want to take anything back. No. Okay. Well, that's good. You sure though, the food. Okay. Now, there's boy Gary is in there with his suspenders. Oh, somewhat. Yeah. I'm not. I don't know what the word is. They make physically. Why is a little agitated because he gave orders and we have this obeyed again. Yeah. I don't know why he's so hostile with you. You. I mean, either. All right. Now, let me ask boy Gary a question. If this is this a correct quote, December 5th, Gary Bruce called me into his office and said that he was nothing wrong with my work that they all liked my work. He said, Neil Rogers wants you off the show. Is that correct? He said you're full of crap. What? What? I make this up. He said, and now would you like to have him come in there? Listen, I think by the end, by two o'clock, we can have like a 20 way debate. This could be better than the United Nations. Only it'll all be an English. Right, Gilbert? Yeah. Except your part. And it'll be incredible. We can have Mitch just came into debate a little bit also. He wants to come in and make sure you don't mess up any equipment in there. He remembers many of the days when you spilled food all over this table. Right. You never did. What? You never spilled. I'm saying a gray wild. And not like you. You were like, uh, not as bad as Melvin though. Melvin spilled stuff cabbage all while we shouldn't say it because my Mitch doesn't know about it. Uh-huh. Okay. Let's take some calls now. The bird is on, uh, in the thing there. The bird booth. The bird booth. Okay. Kendall. Hey. Yeah. I don't have a lot of time. I just want to say put bird on and place a Larry King in the world. We'll be a better place. How's that? Excellent. Thank you. Thank you. Sure was. What's the question? Okay. Hey. Hey. Listen. Wait. Another thing I'd like to mention too. Uh, you said that after your departure, you called it says, um, yes. The conversation was cordial in the friendly relatively. Yeah. And didn't I say to you? Because basically what I said to them, I said to Disney, and you could bring him in here to verify when we cross examine him a little later on when he takes the witness stand. Uh-huh. I said to him, because I knew at that time that Stan was not going to do two to six permanently. There was like 99% chance. I didn't tell him that until much later on because I was asked not to. Okay. Just would have been wrong. But I did tell you that. Did I tell me what that Stan was going to be history? Yes. And I said, I went to Disney. And when we talked about all of this, um, because I talked to him on the phone one night and I came in the next morning and we discussed all of this and I said, you know, maybe two to six, because I do four hours of one thing and there are a lot of people who listen to me who certainly, two different phone calls. You're talking about the phone call when you called me the night before, which would have been a Monday night before the firing. Right. Called me on Monday. Right. You're talking about this is a exactly referring to another phone. Exactly. Okay. You called me and I put it a pitch for you and possibly do again possibly do two to six. Yes. If Stan wasn't going to be the one because they hadn't hired Alex, his whole thing was in Limbo. Yeah. They were definitely going to make a change. It was a little doubt in my mind. And I was at true. It's what true. What I just said. Yes. Okay. So if this was personally vindictive, what do you mean? Because if, in other words, if moving you out of this show is because I'm a son of a bitch in an nasty guy, I never sent that. Then why? Why you said I was a screwy. I think is the world. I think you got that from Disney. No. I'm just quit using his material by the way. But I think basically, if I was vindictive, I just didn't get him out of the building. I didn't watch the property. I never said get him off the property. I never said there are the ones who want you off the property. I'm the one that said get him in here. Where's the word? I don't have any personal vindictiveness. I don't see that word. I think you should have a wonderful job somewhere. I'm surprised you don't me too. Well, can I change that? Most people I know in this business wind up out of work sooner or later. And when you think they should have a job, they struggle. That's in nature of the business. And my responsibility for that? No. Oh. Okay. It's what? Not directly. No. He says here. You talked to General Manager Mike Disney on Monday. Yeah. And you said he's gotta go. Yeah. Okay. Off my show. Yeah. Not off the station. That's correct. And when I talked to him on Tuesday, he said, well, you know, I really like he's been loyal and grading shows up and listen to that. And we'd like to find a spot for him. I said, great. Fine. I was completely supportive. Right. And then, of course, they came to their, I mean, they decided that that wasn't going to happen. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. And that's it. And I can't do I control them. Boy, no kid. I control a dick sparrow coming to WIOD was that a neo Rogers happening that they had to learn their own lesson the hard way because they never learned here because of that WIOD revolving door out front that they reached up every morning. Was that my doing? No. That's part of the syndrome here. It's probably past 11 at WIOD. Let's talk about nutrition. Okay. It's 11. 16. The food is a critic is just going down. See how we do it. It went great. Mr. Food is you and you're just going downstairs to check on the progress of the food. Everything is under control down there. Reno's is here. We've got a lot. They bring a lot. Yes. They have not been up the way. Oh God. I just found, look at us. I just found two cards together that are going to have such tremendous significance the birds of liar, the birds of liar, the birds of liar, the birds of liar, the birds of liar, the birds of liar. That's all right. That's okay. Well, in good moods today, you can say that. That's okay. Those were in tandem, right? Yeah. Okay. Now I want to talk about another point in the article. Boy, Gary's a little mellow on. He was the actual talk. He chucked a little bit. He ran out and he ran up to the Disney and he's screaming and yelling. They'll be out. He's all right. Yeah. He just doesn't like you. That's all. He said you lied in this article through your seat. I did not. That was something for a sense for consistency. Can't in Jimmy on the bat line. How you doing? Captain Jimmy? You're how you doing? Wait. I'm impressed. That was bad. Well, I saw your name on there. We put celebrities on first. Let me. Can I make one comment? Absolutely. Listen, this is America. You say whatever you want. But I don't like it. I'll cut it out. It's the minor. I think the hoping that really destroyed when was when he got fired. He wasn't done in front of you. You were the one to fight him, correct? Well, let me just say this to you. I had nothing to do with that. In other words, I came in and didn't say, let's not waste any time because of course he was looking at that 50 grand that they wanted to say, which was very appealing. Yeah. And he's let's do it now. And I said, well, how do you want to do it? He said, you said, maybe I'll do it. I said, no, I'm going to have boy Gary do it. He's the program director. That's his job. So that's just the way they decided to do it. It's not like I think you should have been present. You don't want to be a people. No. I don't. I don't hire people. Spectacular. I would have liked from you. No, I don't. I'm a higher people than an old fire people. That's the program director. You're just said a little while ago. You always say, you know, say, thanks to people. Oh, I have. I told, I don't know how many times I called you especially during the last three or four months. And I went on and on a great length. And you there was just something in those calls. You didn't seem to be a didn't seem to be penetrating. It was just wasn't getting through. You know, I'm saying. I don't know. I had no respect. You know, you were getting very upset with all the cops talking everything. And I thought going should have been a little bit more enhanced about sports at the honest with you. You didn't have to be enhanced about sports. I all he had to do was just ignore it and just eat and read his inquiring. Shut up. When you were at him the right act of you were before he got fired. He got fired. He got fired. He was being a good boy. Well, for quite some time, listen, I'm not in the studio with you guys, but you know, I'm a and a listener. And I just thought he was watching this. He was watching this. And I thought he had a quick when you were on vacation. No question. Everybody everybody said that, but it was too late. I already made up my mind. Yeah, I just thought that. And of course, well, we got that spy report that he was at your place during that vacation. That's that was, I think that was it. I think that was the turning point in the whole relationship is when Fat Rich gave us that report. Oh, you know, it wasn't that who it was? I don't remember. Somebody looked like that. Yeah. It's not the end of the world. I don't think he had a pretty good run here for almost three years. Yeah, but I don't know if it's amazing he thought he was the one. Yeah, there's no such thing. Now, see, anybody who's been through what he's been through in the business. And especially somebody who worked at Love 94 with all those people who are so fond of more lining up in the other room, by the way, now. Yeah. Put a microphone in there. Now, Greg, you'll be on in a minute. Sure. He should know that there's no, I mean, that line about I thought this was my job for a life. There's no such thing. Yeah. And I just became very uncomfortable with the situation. It just wasn't working out for me anymore. Okay. And I don't apologize for that. That's just reality. It's just the way I feel it. It's my show. And I feel a lot better now working alone. No matter who it would have been, I just rather do my own thing. I think that's just what I just think that's a lot. If we were still doing a morning show, for example of they said you're going to do mornings on coast 97. We're firing her. And you make bean. We might put a back on again. You know, although they seem to somewhat hostile toward them in the building. I don't know why, but, you know, so I don't have a personal. I mean, a morning show is a different thing. I don't think there was enough. I don't think there was enough conversation. And all the people I just know the person that a show, that's not the real fact. He's a nice, nice and guy. He'd ever want to be. And he buys excellent, he buys excellent birthday and Christmas presents, too, by the way. He bought me a phone for my birthday. One of those, you see all the guts inside. It's got a neon thing in a light sub. All I do is chop a image. He's a nice person. Yeah. I just don't. I'm not in home. I'm not on the show, though. But I just want the people not that he's quite all right. Okay. All right. Thanks to me. Okay. See, now, there's a good vote for it. It was a nice call. Can you make a good sandwich? Me? 21 passed to level 9. Why not? Why could work on it? God, three meals and a little, a little work. No pressure? No stress. I don't know what you're laughing about. Boy, you may, you may never work in this business again. You may want to find a whole different. I wouldn't that be a great service. Service? Yes. Stop and think about it. Let all those names ran all through your head. Stan made your build calder, Craig Warthing. Gary Bruce, he's standing out of the old, he's very close to the room in there, too, by the way. All they moved, open the door. Where are you now? I'm not saying they moved to me. During that phone call, I've been moved to another. This is like, this is my school. The terrorist in the Middle East lived the hostages. I can't believe they keep moving him around different parts of the building. Yeah. The management doesn't find them. Well, they have done burtow looking around for your advocacy. If he went, good luck to him. Yeah. Well, you can say that again. 22 after 11 and WID. Let's do a little break here. How Gilbert's going to help me with this spot. Monty's Bayshore. A historic part of the Grove advice you to the new bodies base shore marketplace for the big round opening this Saturday for more people. And now you were there with us at specs. And Monty's brought down that tremendous food. Did you have a little, I remember you standing there with that piece of fish in your head? I never finished it. I have some out of fact. Well, it's not a lot of stuff. Well, it's a surprise for you. You'll bring it in now. We have it on a little plate at the same piece of fish that you had at specs that day. And then by now it should be just right. And they'll be junk at who cost you a band Saturday jugglers and everything necessary to make up the world's biggest block party in the Grove. Free prizes, a huge lot of things. And then you'll be able to see the place where you're gonna have to get out of the place and you'll be able to see the place where you're going to get out of the place where you're going to have to display. So it almost all the excitement this Saturday, more attentive to the brand new money's base shore marketplace. The food is out of this world. Not only a great rob bar and every kind of seafood under the sun, but lots more too. What's that macaroni and cheese? Did you have any of that? No, I can't hear that. I'll just say it. I only wish you could hear about lemon chicken, black and prime rib, just fabulous gourmet dishes on the menu that you're going to fall in love with for lunch and dinner. A moddies base shore marketplace in the Grove, on base shore drive. And don't forget the big red opening this Saturday for more intense. What you like to read headlines like Dan rather grass, roll events like Walter Cronkites, explain the news to the public like Peter Jenning. No, then there's a trading center just for you. The bird school of newscaster, the bird school of newscasters will teach you to relate the news on radio or TV in an unforgettable way. People will be talking about your newscasts all day after you grasp just a few pronunciations techniques. You'll be saying things like a girl says pull out plans for ordered after new evacuations of the pizza agreement suggested that may rather new evaluation of the pizza. Well, is it a evacuation or a evacuation agreement? And it will feature highlights from a thousand secret tape recorded. You'll learn to pronounce different government programs such as that to chop social security benefits and keep the public aware of tough world events. And the CIA would have to assess the country or assist the country and the bird school of newscasters will assess you and pronouncing foreign terms. Newville, Newville, Newville, New Wave, New Wave, learn the pronunciations of geographical areas like 1920's movie star in Kansas graduate, Charles, Buddy Rogers, Kansas and other geographical areas such as Iran, Kuwaiti, Soviet Yum Yum, North Vietnam, Vienna, Australia, and city such as Washington, D.G., San Francisco and Pina, Arizona called the bird school of newscasters now or right to bird school of news cancer. Post office box 10335, fourth, Lottie D'Aplora, Zip called 33000, you'll receive information on the school of newcasters as well as the school of speech writers, school of poet, and the bird school of court reporters. The bird school of newscaster where we guarantee the lowest righteous. Okay, 28 times 11 and WI-D is kind of like a trip down memory lane today, isn't it? Isn't it? And the fool will be here any second. Let's take a call from the girl. Hello. Whatever they're paying you, it's not enough. Who? Whatever who's paying who? Whatever they're paying you. Oh, that's for sure. We better talk about that too. Yesterday, you mentioned that when you were working with the bird, you couldn't have somebody like your idea. Oh, he'd be very upset. By the way, Eric, let's see those pants again. Eric has got holes in his knees. Is that a new style now? To have holes in different parts of your pants? Well, he's got these big holes where his knees stick out. Now these kids. I know. Well, that's a good point. Like a lot of people used to come in here. He would get very upset. Certainly. All summer long when the interns were here, which I guess he's forgotten about just a couple of people, srvest really up probably on his bed until time. They just got stuck.igoen see Soon. Maybe, there's a reason to get upset when from a clearer community, maybe there's something he wants to tell us could be. Can you see if sir you wants to tell us to be? And what could that be? Maybe, Er Lake is hard on you. Has a nice day sir. I would pil that back, see, lady, well. Look, we don't want to talk about that. Only nine-person had to please talk about if you're bored and lit up. we have the lines are sizzling we don't even have to give the numbers out to the it's kind of like when I'd be on vacation north Miami hello yes I think we need to ask a few questions that are really pertinent excellent bird I have I have a question for you did at any time what's all this feedback Melbourne now if it does that in here all that feedback I got the overhead turn down go ahead sir okay Glenn how any time did Neil sit you down and in a serious tone without being you know joking or anything did he say to you if you don't say papai I'm going to fire you not those words not exactly but pretty close pretty close yeah but some fair I mean you give a personal least on last warning special sir you want to come down a second not he's what is he just said you're not those words okay not exactly words that were so clear that you'd have to be an imbistil not to understand them okay like I've reached the end of the rope and I don't want to put up with this howding and whining and sying and putting the microphone down and I'm gonna do what I want to talk about okay we said several times at length at length I remember one oh please one conversation we had back in the saw and it is a fact you told me you did not want me throwing my little temper tantrums anymore and I never did after that false Neil did at any time did it occurred to you that maybe that was adding something the little temper time to a little friction adding something to people told me all the time they liked that yeah well you know what I did but that's the fact I was told that people enjoy that yeah but yeah it is it is I thought you know where I will why I thought it was like I can I can just imagine turning on tonight's show tonight watching Johnny Carson come on to his monologue and sing Ed McMan in the bow oh gee are you making George Bush jokes again oh come on you got it out when he does like the car you know how long he would be there sir well his bad answer would be off that show so fast man he'd be on that anhyzer bush wagon out of that said so fast you wouldn't you be able to see it I think it and he really did add by that that's good for a longer time I thought it was all made up you know it was not made up real I was that was the frightening part is that it was for real and it was not only because of sports it's like if people came in here to eat the food he would throw a tantrum now if I had the young guy in here like Eric who happened to be physically appealing and somebody I could look at and to get little mental enjoyment out of he could hysterical and paranoid and the point where poor little what's his name from the newsroom and Andy came in here that one more I never forget that at 930 and he said to me what do you think of that meds game last night and this bird picked that pain with a look like like Jack the Ripper and heaved am I making this up no the into the here to see the incident happened to the his but you're not hostile like you're telling oh that's not a look like no there's no look I'm making it up with real into the last thing were you a witness you were a hospital yes that's terrible even Andy never told it's not a way my way my riches here to tell the truth well he's unusual in his case but hey you know that's something else this rich person I'm really getting a little bit fed up with this damn it he said really difficult the answer yes that's true I mean he doesn't deny what just happened in the call what is his potential what are your credentials good quest okay well work on that you know we'll work on that tomorrow so ready are you okay well I'm not okay well I'm still working up to a pretty little bird is not on the show this isn't the beta weather he's coming back he's not coming back well he's not I mean even losing more you got back there he's not coming on there sure okay there let me tell you on a scale of zero there is no chance that he's coming back on his show all less than none good no this is I mean I mean I've been a federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal grade well wait a minute was the bird on K.A.T. was he on WNWS was he on WI and Z. at night it was the on the show now was the show is the show a lacking something today sir no well he's no I don't mean today I mean these days is the show lacking something this is the controversial little friction that used to make it so so rapidizing I got a little friction for you sir it's 1133 at WI he made his point didn't he did he make his point or I cut him off too soon well amazingly you let him make his point put that food over in the corner ah you need hungry Glen it's 1134 a WIOD let's let's put these calls on hold now Melvin I know you're out of pressure there's sizzling today let's he can't keep up with this he don't even answer him when there's almost nobody calling anyway I want Gilbert to get on this spot you know that yesterday did you hear me talking about tellerose sending the beautiful rose start reading it act like you're doing it at lib when you're on Saturdays you're going to have to do live spots okay I'll try to it says yeah okay it's 1138 I'm trying it this man is good if he isn't with the ed team by the end of this week I'll be very surprised okay maybe you ought to be Gilbert's agent me yeah okay I guess that's not going to work okay okay just an idea the food is being prepared downstairs I mentioned that in passing now you had a question sir yeah I did get close to the will you pull out my stopping a chicken will ya Glen this summer when the Chicago trip was announced yes you immediately and it surprised me because you didn't give it to me it didn't seem like you gave it much thought you immediately said I'm not going and I think that was a very that's from a tactical point of view a bed mistake on your part you know when you're part of the show and I think would have been great for you to be out there in Chicago with Neil and I wanted to know why you know right off the bat without even thinking about it you just said no because I knew it would be all about the cubs and that had that didn't interest let me ask you questions are anything else going on in Chicago because what we did that show amazingly enough and we took fun cause all these people from down here who were from Chicago were calling and they were not talking most of them at all about the cubs they were talking about different restaurants we should eat in in different places we should go ahead very little to do with the cups until they actual game started people start coming to the ballpark well because of what had happened before and because of Neil's obsession session exactly now it's interesting when I was on a INZ in the afternoon and I just talked about horse racing and you understand used to team up and just brutal out to my choice race I had a nine here but these were the experts uh too much about horse races boring nobody wants to hear about it and then all of a sudden when we started picking those cute little I never forget the first horse was sensible bird and I picked it was running and I picked great whole eye with Joseval as what a memory I've got for out important things in a perfected and I came in and called her and all of a sudden we started picking names out of the newspaper and you of course picked a lot of favorites that were listed right on top and a few of them started coming in and then all of a sudden what was previously boring because you weren't interested in it became a fascination even at the point where you went to the track a couple of times yes and so I I wondered this whole time if you thought you were going to do the same thing with baseball to me no I wasn't that you're missing or missing the point you missed the point when it became an ego thing okay it was never what it was all the time you were picking little names out of the newspaper even watching the races on tape that night on sunshine to see if your horse came in for fun and for fun but pride never any higher than that when I talked about horse racing it was boring and I should cut it out and you would stand kind remember many times the two of you would come in together and just go nuts about how I was obsessed with a horse racing see what I'm interested in you think is an obsession and I am obsessed with certain things like for example an Eric and joy are sitting here and I would much rather be going out with them having a good time somewhere all in my eyes you were about us with this horse what you are only obsessed with sports that's anything I ever know what what else did I just say what I guess is for what section is the horse result or sports indoor sports and he was 1141 let's take a call from Boca there won't be anybody there will air yeah I'll see that tells you what kind of data this is yeah and let me tell you something when the fact that a convetic note calling jerk like you actually had the opportunity to work with Neil is beyond me and the fact that you're crying about the fact that you get fired I'm not crying about what are you doing there you're widening and complaining on this and that everything else you're getting out of the line for years I'm not complaining about it I'm not complaining I'm setting the record straight sir I'm not crying well what are you doing there I'm giving my side of the story is this is America isn't it sir what story who just came in sir did it reenoses here with the food is it we got something in a much there are a lot of stories we need to sir oh these are good as Chicago style with why I will admire it is made all of it onion thank you so care I love these obviously not you why are you listening why why do you see my favorite show I'm not a lot of listen the way to my way to my US me my audience why they're listening now no no don't ask me that care about this and I said well then why are you listening because he loves this show he loves me wants my body don't you sir absolutely well well you know what you know people from Boca I sure do have a wonderful thing for one who does here now where do we know where he's hiding because we got a feed him I'm playing very burned away where are you I know all right this somebody in here know where he is Roger knows oh Melvin knows we got a we need for him okay I'll bet okay he said I got a we need for you but I don't know what that means who's bringing it okay let's answer this vocal line WOD hold on okay let me these are vienna all beef and these are the Chicago style hot dogs from Reno's hmm oh god or good this is the Neo's big we it is I don't know what you're laughing about we can all dream camera Eric's really laughing because he knows better how you're like this is just like the Alex Benisher we have a life to be honest you're all dream fed great maybe you could be like a regular every day and that life's duty audience you get fed me see a lot of bear breasts well maybe some large breasted Oriental women I'll ask Alex there you go I'm sure he'll be really upset oh yeah you know Alex dear feel yes yes sir I wish the table was the turn I wish it was a bird show and he treated the bird no to bird retreat him like he treated the bird because he right before Christmas that was low down the fire somebody just before Christmas I think that's about I got to say I just wish to God the bird had a show and to the awful roggies okay thank you mom that's amazing what's that you left them on why not um I do they all get to say their peace what is this crap now I left them on what does that mean well they all get to say their peace today good today okay didn't now let me ask you question maybe your memory is slipping evidently it is in your advanced age but didn't uh somebody didn't a couple people into building order you out of the property management right people are running a place yeah and didn't I put my ass on the line and saying no let him in here and I came in the newsboard and you're on and you're saying your thing okay so let's not go through this routine again about how people who agree with you are not going to get a chance to their all get in the chance to whatever to how they want okay I want now that one guy that called before they're repeated at 30 times I did cut him off but I mean how many times does he need to say it all right I want I want to respond to another point in the article please the last paragraph Rodgers says we had no relationship there was no personal friendship or common interest you know I didn't say there wasn't any personal friendship that's a misquote I just said we weren't close friends which is true we didn't hang out and didn't go right we did that go to dinner no and I would like to say why you know the reason first of all if I live in South Miami and Neolives and plantation you're not sort of like the Johnny Darkland in the same part of town and the reason I thought you know I was with Neol four hours a day five days a week and when I left here I wanted to see other people and do other things we're not a personal thing and I didn't want to you know crowd Neol or push him now if I had something to say I certainly picked up the phone and called him without hesitation and vice versa but now as Neol is being kind of let my to seriously have been a different situation but I wasn't going to drive up to you know South Broward at that time of the day and also I had been with him for four hours that day and exactly when you read it when we're Johnny Dark now I wasn't complaining I was just getting a fact I wasn't but with there's a reason that's not in the article I want well I don't think that has much to do with anything though does it well it's just that's in here that says we had no personal friendship and I just wanted to address that you know and I think we did have some interest like radio for example and other things I do but that was the reason I'm under that way with anybody you know yeah Hollywood what yeah we want some equal time to defend the bird yeah you know who this is yeah uh-huh mr. eyes get lost mister I he's not going to go on for any purpose uh Helen Dale hello okay Helen Dale died while they run hold oh here we go ladies and gentlemen first I got to I got a command going for having the spheres to come in there the what the spheres to come in there was big of you to come on the show so to speak they wait a minute how about bigger me to put them on and then you come back and you were big you were big but I like to bring up something while I know that you know the wrong places I know that I've seen the article Paul it's gone back I heard it you know so I like to bring up sort of Hollywood if I make you were there I was there now I don't know if you remember this Glenn we each were you talk about drive all the way down the candle to see Neil we drove from Boca down the Hollywood to see you right and good thing uh Neil and we walk up to you and you turn and say she the doorclad you she the doorclad and I go no this is my wife and your reaction was oh and you turn your back on and said wouldn't stay to it oh my god I wouldn't speak it is you and you don't know any idea how many people have you well wait a minute let's back up a little bit you want to know the whole story of that remote and he can refute me if I'm wrong I felt bad because Glenn was a part of the show and I felt that the sales department we sure are changing him because a lot of these remote where there were some serious bucks to be made by just sitting around and signing autographs on Saturday for a couple hours Glenn was being left out and I said from all on you have to put include him and put some money in there this particular one had already been set up and I went to Lynn Freightes I don't know if he's in the building our sales uh Kattex executive who handles to it on Hollywood I said I will give him the talent for that thing was 500 bucks so say okay and I said give him a couple of hundred give me 300 okay so I get not that I need the money because I don't I make a lot of money but the point is I wanted him included because I thought he was part of the show so I gave up 40% of the talent for that appearance he showed up and he did that he didn't whether he realized it or not he sat there and turned to be in my way the first one was either the dark lady or Robin for who I Robin for two hours and then the dark lady showed up for two more hours and there were a lot of people and I could tell by their attitudes if they were they were getting like a ah and they were so reach over and so I but they really weren't getting any kind of attention it was like a little side show with these two morons who were you know showing up there to monopolize the time we don't go out for that purpose away that would be like my going out to Toyota Hollywood have 2000 and we had a tremendous turnout that day have 2000 people show up and have Alan Dresner sitting there with me or Joey here or what are they not not Joey Reynolds I have to keep saying that because that a lot of people think my eyes are going a bit right and having some young good looking guy sitting there and talking to him for four hours and ignoring all the other people oh yeah I hear you go sign a thing and like like you're bothering me get away I'm having a conversation my feeling that day was I said and I signed autographs and I shake shook people's hands and I talked to people and those two girls simply just set there the side me I didn't turn away from we as devil witnesses to that scene and they're all gagging I don't believe the fact that I wouldn't talk to you however I was surrounded by a lot of people you know I wasn't wanted to do with it you do shoot my wife and I would remember meeting her you over did you uh anyway I do miss you but I do have that event six in my mind like grabbing Gilbert's fish I don't see you I felt like you're a bit kind of a show do think this says over not the Alex Benich on I say those things remember Gilbert's fish I did grab Gilbert's fish then I'll talk about it I want to change your image yeah really but they're good I'm not that fish any good I just did it I was like you're so good away but going that does stick out at the store point I still I do miss you but that really picked me off and a couple other people and I wanted to be only let me let me take some of you these people that side of it we've had we've had a few calls that side with a bird and I said her I listen to I mean I would agree but the fact that Paul Harvey Jr is calling in and here's an oh she is I just you don't listen to reality somebody tells you something and what their perception is and you can't deal with that okay that's one of your we all have our weaknesses including me but that's one of yours and you don't listen to what people perceive you know there could have been reasons you might not have been feeling good or you know I was strictly um 20 times I don't know it was just he said that there beside me and I did the usual thing that's the way I felt that day I didn't get a dead or anybody you know and and I did bring it up I called when you had your own show when Neil was out of town and I brought it up and you denied it then too so I mean maybe you feel a different way I do feel a different way and this is perception and I'm sorry about that but that wasn't in my mind Paul I'm not looking for an apology I'm just stating a fact well is that the case I do apologize and we do a lot of us do miss you but I got admit to show is I mean Neil's been in a positive mood I did what did you start to say the show's been what come on you can say it I'm ready for it the show's been better well is he not he's ignoring it who's in there bugging him now I wanted to be here that I want you to know it hurt to say that well how come we can't hear you now what's going on novin no just barely there you go I do want to hear you back on the air when you're a sure all people to just blast I'm not that he was he just said the truth and right away you got sensitive emotional again yeah okay good day wait time right time you love him 52 at WID you want to do a spot your brick it's not that difficult it's sheels they write great copy and you know you've been a chance the great seafood yeah okay now come on if you don't want to do it I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you seriously okay okay let's see you I don't love you but the best seafood Ed shellfish in south Florida this one last time that should come to mind shell shell pots become south Florida's number one seafood restaurant over the past two years and has quickly become the place for seafood and shellfish in Miami and plant water exactly if you haven't been to shell shell yet let me tell you why they become the most popular seafood restaurant around shell south so large portions of fantastic food at prices that are less than you are able to purchase the food for the cook it yourself shell a last-skinned snow king and dangerous crap what is waiting at dangerous crowd kill I think I'll pick it up for their job oh when we got to those dangerous crap a lot of play in at a cloud and they have each and shells may be the compound of seafood in all of their seafood pot pot pot pot shells also has taken out service available with the same portions things for stuff for takeout at no extra charge shells on incredible seafood experience at prices you can't afford to miss shells with five south Florida locations including shells in candle at 170 and sunset in the T.J. Mack shopping center shells joined us after five of clock for south Florida's 90 shells a flat side yeah oh you were doing you were doing so good till the last time so join us after five of clock for south Florida's nightly shell abrasion is what i go back to those dangerous crabs yeah just after that poor harvey call why you got to what role of the public they can't all be supportive okay we're not screening i mean you got with Marvin and there you know we're not screening i mean it's just the catches the prize catches catch may let's go to my me beach yeah yeah you know Andy Warhol once that everyone's famous for 15 minutes yeah i think the birds over state as welcome i think that this bird's duck getting all very fast i'd rather hear Eric's life story well that sounds pretty interesting to me maybe we could kind of intertwine them together well i think that there's a lot more to be said there than the risa about this bird's duck well we're working on it okay so to speak i hope so okay bye okay there is uh one of Alex's guys in renauther horny guy we have it opening in date if you move very fast because he's fun today are like lightning we haven't given the i guess we won't give the number out should we now let's make it like when i'm on vacation um anyway i guess we're at the end of the argue if you've been fed yes have a chilly dog good is real good excellent renauther spangler when you and john here up there you should buy him a couple hot dog you have to be up to reading you know you always did kind of melt a lot a little bit after you're working though yeah anyway debbor martina's is stany by watch out debbor because he's been known to funnel the news women so if anybody flits in there during the news you're wearing leather today dishing yeah well i said that new wildds and mm is debbor's got the num wildd news will be back in the k1205 with our live studio audience to the bird and our cash to thousands and then Alex bet it would jackie benett comedian and tv weekend channel six anchor diana morgin giving new meaning to the word anchor and uh that's from two to six sports dog at 605 and the stand takes on Bandit and the or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD. Lose your job. Just can't make ends meet. Then do what some people have done and enroll in the Glenn Hill Academy. Before I went through the Glenn Hill Academy, Neil Academy always broke. Didn't know when this Neil covered from there, I do. The guy in hell had me and brought me to find way. I made money. Yes, YouTube can secure your future at the Glenn Hill Academy. You're one of the fine-hard of pencil selling. Intersection car window washing. And the ever popular recycling. There's a fortune to be made collecting aluminum cans. Even old newspapers. I used to be blow. Not a thing. I got the job. And I'm being working. Join the hundreds who make their living on the street. The Glenn Hill Academy, phone 976 Bird. That 976 Bird, to start you on your way to your next meal. Call today. Sorry. No collect calls. Alright, try to control yourself. Try to put those a crabs away. We can go over 12.07 at WIOD with Gilbert and our cans. The thousands are dangerous crabs. And we got the bird back in his cage. Yeah, they move me again. They keep moving me. Getting closer to the door. No, they just keep moving me to different locations. Fascinating isn't it? Well, I'll try to give you a message. Oh. Yeah, exactly. Like the hostage is 11. Okay, Miami. Bucked up, bucked up, bucked up. Good one. I was plucky with saying by the way. Let's go to a Miami Shores. I knew how you doing. Okay. Hi Gilbert. Hi. Hi. How's the winters? Oh, that clay. Did you have anything like them? Oh, good. Derek and little joy just came in. Look like they just had one too. Listen, Neil, I call him on the Boca line and waited because it's worked the way. It never ceases to amazed me that a guy like bird can just not get reality through a set. I mean, I want to keep this light in all, but bird, you know, you're an asshole. You had a great job in your room. Everybody's calling and telling you that what time it is and you just refuse to admit it. I can't believe that you're actually in there listening to it. Really? Yeah. I mean, do you think this is going to get you a job somewhere in town? That's not why I'm here. Why are you here? I'm here so that it wasn't just a one-sided so that I'm here to also, you know, comment and give my side. What's wrong with that? I think there's a future for you in politics, right? Actually, I mean, you have the ability to rationalize and pick apart and it's just like any situation. You can take incidents and examples and favor them in your point of view, but the reality of the situation is I even heard you sit on the radio when Neil was out of town and say, I got to name bird because I used to call me a vulture because I didn't have a job and I used to hang out and look over people's shoulders. And then you do get a job and Neil takes you under his wing and you are a integral part of the show. There's no question you were a tool when I'm Neil's many tools that he uses to have a great show and your ego got so big. I mean, I went to a remote at specs and I saw the way that you treated Neil's fan and the way that you shine people and just I mean, Paul, I'll be Julian. He's a whimp too. He didn't really want to tell you what time it was, but the guy comes to the remote tells you what you're doing and you're like, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, the point is, you don't understand what people are telling you. That's reality and you're not living in reality. And it's not doing anybody any good to have you come in here and do this. I mean, it is a little entertaining, but the bad news is you, you don't understand what's happening. Okay. I feel better now and I don't know if that was entertaining, but I want you to seriously know that. You know, your ego got way too big for the show. You were not Glenn Neil's partner. You were a tool of the show. It was funny for a while. And whatever he wants to do, I mean, he's in control of his show and I think he did the right thing and I think that you should grow up and sort of realize that you should go on and do your own thing. And I mean, even you taking this abuse, I mean, it's going to be turned into a thing of like, well, yeah, was funny. It was humorous, but basically you got to go on with your life. I feel better. How about you? Have a nice day. Oh, yeah. I feel great. Good boy. Does anybody feel good? It's 10 past 12 and WOD. These are the Italian beef, right? Can you be with peppers? What? This is good. Is that your fourth? No. Are you serious? And you're third, right? What an Eric is going to balloon up. You got to stay in Chaparic and what's that? And other, that's the deal. Big weenie there. That's the Gilbert's. That's right. One. The first one. Yeah. I have it. The second one will be even better. Anyway, it's 10 past noon. I think I already said that. Let me tell you about Twitter. Hollywood right now. I'll ask you very. Let's take a moment. I just asked Eric, how come he lives on the beach? He said, that's where it's all happening. What? He signs death. Why? Everything. Like? Restaurant, clubs, everything. Sex. That too. Yeah. You hear that? Okay. Listen, this weekend could be pretty interesting. 12 13 to WOD. Ron from the music store is on the phone. Hey, how's it going? How you doing, Ron? I'm doing pretty good. Well, that's good. First thing. Food from Reno's is sensational man is the Italian beef is the best I've ever had in my life. Great. Great. Yeah. A last time I talked to you was when the bird was on. I'm sure bird remembers me. I've talked to him a few times. Sure. And I haven't called since bird laughs not because I don't like to show now, but I just haven't had chance to call. You know, it was so I can take it. I can take it. No, I still listen to the show. I listen to it all the time. Okay. Yeah. I just think that the separate market for what you guys do. I think bird ought to be on a WNWS. Some of your competition had some balls. They'd hire the bird and put them on directly against you. Give them a shot. Great. Like the spin-offs. Yeah. I don't see why not. I mean somebody should take them in as far as I mean, tell her this shows you did buy himself a great. Yeah. And you know, you guys split up. You got a good job for a while. It made some serious cash. Hope to save some money too. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, good. Well, thanks. This is some nice balance. Yeah. I also don't think it's the best. You compare bird to Gilbert. Okay. Give me the bird any time. Gilbert's a twit. Okay. I mean, I don't know who this guy came from. But it's like the most. You hear that Gilbert you've been attacked. You're a twit, Gilbert. Well, if you had a little plane, you would be a half-let. Ooh, who? God. I came and take him, man. It's like the guy that called and racked on the bird at that time. It said that I can't take you, you know, play some music or something. I know. I'm going to give you a chance to make a tape one day. Yeah. I like do that sometime. Okay. Thanks a lot. I've got one. See, we're getting all, uh, we're not, uh, doing the thing. You're loading the deck, right? That's one reason I'm here. Well, I thought that was why you weren't going to come here. After I saw the article, I said, well, why not? There's like, what's here that he's been screaming about for four days? What's here? Well, that was fat rich. I don't know where that came from. Came from you. Nid did not. I didn't bring all that slanderer stuff about what a rotten bass band did. Who said I said that rich? Well, Glenn, why are little apprehensive about the article before it came out? You know, I didn't know what it was going to be. Right. And then once it came out, you were, well, let's leave that. I'm was I. I wanted to say this. I'm not trying to change the subject. This is Italian beef service. No, I'm serious. I've never, I've had Italian beef or reno's before. That's his word, by the way, relief. That's not my word. The best sandwich in the history of the human race. They're not exaggerating. Also, where it came from, that it was a vicious slanderer. Article. Big deal. We mean that. Our water right in the, and suck you. Well, he just said you said that. Aren't these great? Well, I know what they're feeling. What are you talking about? Oh, you guys are doing a little thing there. Okay. I'm talking about why he told you it was such a horrendous article. I don't understand why he told you. I don't know. I never told him one, I didn't know what was going to be in the article. It was like anybody else. So how would I say anything? Why would I say that? Well, it was just an implication. It's an implication. Once it came out, you were relieved. That's his word. I didn't say that. Well, that's the impression I got. Well, I was in on pression and that's you see what we're talking about a lot here today as impression and perception people get ready here are the impressions on I 61 instead of reality. In fact, this seems to be the big thing I said the dominant teacher today. And the miraculous, you know, you think you want and up. Paul Harby Jr. called just really her share with you. Of course, come on, he's those cookies. They got some delicious cookies or too, which was a conglitchhip perception. Ever noticed that the bird often sounds like emo Phillips. I just got that note on the screen. No, I didn't make that up. It says here. Anyway, can we lighten the atmosphere for just a moment or something? So it's getting a little tense. Hey, hey, how to the cloud. Hey, hey, hey, how to the cloud. Okay, is everybody feel a little bit better now? Yeah. Okay, well Gilbert does. Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah. I've gone great. I've got a couple, I don't know, points I like to bring up. Well, you're good to rebalance the show. Oh, and away from the bird's side. I don't know. What gave you the right bird to think you have that job forever? I mean, the rest of us normal public have to earn and keep our jobs. You know, I mean, you were given the pushes job ever. And that I've ever heard of. And you couldn't even keep that. I mean, doesn't it tell you something about yourself? Why do you think it was such a cushy job working the Neil Rogers? Why do you think that was a piece of cake? It just does he sound that if you were sitting at every day, I know you had to do a shift there. The way you started out. I mean, why did you think you had to change the way you did your job? Change the way I did the job. Yeah, I mean, everything was fine when you first started out. You would just a little flunky, you know, at Neil's side. And then, I don't know. Like Neil says, a power play. I mean, you saw no power play. I did not try to do that. I am a person sir. I'm a personality. You're going to get, if I'm here, you are going to get my personality. I'm not a yes man. I'm not a yes man. The personality you were to be there to, I guess, I don't know which way there for, but that's what makes me believe it was a cushy job ever. Yeah, Neil and Neil Rogers, anybody can do it, right? I sure think I could, buddy, for those bucks. Everybody thinks they could. Well, I'm sure I could. Everybody think they could, huh? I'm sure most of us could. Oh, yeah. Anybody give anybody a line. Just get somebody off the street. I'm sure nobody would have any problems going on. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's a joke. It boggles my mind. Does it? And really, and let me just see something else. You, I'm, I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed for you right now. I mean, you sound so pathetic, snippling and whining about something that's history. Whining? This is what you're, this is your definition of whining. This is your definition of whining, huh? Oh, man. I mean, it's some terrible. I'm embarrassed for you. I'm serious. Why don't you turn the radio off? Because I like Neil's show. And if you sit, man, Neil, don't invite my audience to try it off. Now, when you get everyone we can get, we're trying to rebuild the audience now. But, well, man, I'm just, I'm at a loss. I mean, you can't let this go on for the rest of the show. I mean, this is like, ah, it's not entertaining to hear this guy. Are you not, like I said, burning clothes and you can. Yeah. Which up and earn a life for a change, like the rest of us. You're going to help us in the long run. You're going to be okay. I'm going to be fine. Okay. Hey, I love you, Sean. Thank you. Okay. Twenty after twelve. Perfect. Thank you. I was not in that a thorough conversation. I was just a reaction to this delicious sandwich. Well, that's my perception. That's the way I perceived it. It's faint selects around here. Hmm. I think that we've just been invaded by dangerous crabs. Twenty minutes after twelve, a WID. Let's do a little break. That ought to break up the tension that's building in here. You can cut it with a butter knife. Hmm. And let's tell you about first. I don't think I could read it straight. The Albert. Twelve, twenty, three, a WID. And the article is in New Times by the way. They probably are upset. We haven't mentioned it often enough. And I got to be honest. It's not much. Hmm. Much to do about nothing. I would say. Yeah. That's the way I felt last night when I saw it. Might to do about nothing. Four days of screaming your head off. A wait a minute. How if it's much to do about nothing. Didn't you call them? Didn't you say that? Say what? I called them and asked for a voice. Yes. A voice. Yes. And there must have been something more than this. Because the guy said he was at your house for two hour interview. Hmm. He had pages of notes. He had reams. If I can say that, it was incredible. Just pages and pages and pages. But let's talk. The Harry Reams would have been embarrassed. Let's talk about what you noticed. He had Gene Wilder. Looks like Ron Jeremy. Have you ever noticed him? He sounds the same too. No. I disagree. See? What the hell was I saying before I got signed? No. I saw that movie a young Frankenstein again last night, which is a panic. Yes. And he was great. Yes. But he looks like Ron Jeremy. What if he's got as much hair? Nobody. What if Eric's covered with hair like Ron Jeremy? What we know not. The Harry is never here on his body. Where are you from, Eric? On the round. What kind of a divisor is that? All around the west coast of Florida. California. California. He doesn't even look like California's surfer bleach. You know what I mean? Not bleach. Nice. Got his hair is like blonde but darker. I love him Georgia for a while too. You lived in Georgia? He lives with a bad day. Oh man. I wonder he's trying to keep it a secret. Okay. Should we take some calls before we get signed track as Eric. He's going to tell us the story of his life over these next several weeks. What do you do? Where do you work? Okay. What do you say? All around that thing. All around. You got it. We'll probably run the beach right near where Joey hangs out. Well, let's see. I only got a couple of bucks here. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey. We're remembering when you'll carry you from Zeta to IOD. They used to call you the luckyest man alive. Mm-hmm. Well, you might have to use a stupidest man alive because six of us one time came up to see you and kneel at it to spec. And you were sitting up front sign of pictures and you were weighing the back and you can't do anything with anybody. You thought your stuff didn't speak. Let me tell you something. Most of us down here work out the South Florida heat. I think I was sitting right beside me. I'll let the table there. Then I worked there. You were expecting the South Miami. You were sitting weighing the back and my girlfriend went up to introduce yourself to you. And you turned around and looked at her like she was alone. You know what I mean? Yeah, I don't. Yeah. You don't remember any of these things. You know, par harvests called you. If you're other people's called you, let's party your memory lapse. Memory lapse. You know, and let me think that really incredible to me is you describe Neil as a fat atheist home sexual. I got one word that described you as an in-grade buddy. That's all you are in-grade. Okay. Good call. 26 at first. 25. Can I say something in my defense? No. Well, I mean, if we're going to rebut every colleague, I judge Wopner Jr. sitting here at the end of the show. He'll, he's right in taking notes. Have I been rebutting every call? No, but you're trying to start now. It would be bad timing. I'd like to rebut go last. Go ahead. There he is. Okay. I'm shot. In the point, you seem to be shocked a lot lately when you got fired. You were shot. The Paul Harvey didn't callers are shocking you. Reality seems to shock you. Maybe this is a good exercise for you. Come back into the real world. Don't be like stand major. Don't be like Mr. Fantasyland. I keep telling Stan that all the time. You've got to come back into the real world. Stop with his. I had a 10-year admin. I had a day to forget about all of that. Okay. Come into the real world with real people. Like Eric. I just want to say. All these people are saying this, you know, this call after call after call. All right. Let me ask you. Are we screening him? I, you know, mistreated him at personal appearances. I never felt that way. That was never in my mind. I felt like I talked to everybody. I shook their hands. I signed the autographs. Wait a minute. I want to. But I was surrounded. I want to tell a gentleman from Reno's. I don't know if he heard what I said, but it's true. The sandwich. What the hell do I say was? The, um, Tadden beef. The best in the history of mankind. It was so good. In fact, Eric would like another one right now. You know what I've learned? No, I'll think. You'll split one with the joy. You know what? The guys are pigs. If I like that man, I'd be like the good year blimp. There you go. Boy, it wouldn't be something to be young and, uh, something again. Not all. I'm, I'm stuff. All I might have a little taste is something. God, they're good. Go ahead. I'm sorry. You know me with a food. One statement. Yes, sir. What I have learned most from this experience. Yes. You don't have to do anything to get into trouble. Who else is ready? Three. Is that it? That's what I feel. That's the predominant feeling I have. Oh, wait a minute. That's happy to homestead. Tap is online. Tap. I knew. Oh, we just had X, that we lost tap. A four-laterdale. Well, put him on. What the hell's wrong with you? Melvin, the funds are ringing like biorems. And you put a hat on. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. Yes. Who's it? Where are you calling from, sir? Where? Where? What are they? Are you got a phone there? Are you just screaming loud? I'm just screaming loud. Man, put your phone. What? I want? Pick your phone. Get off the speaker. Pick up the phone, please. Okay. Hello? Okay. Okay. Good call. Margue. Margue. They're getting better and better. What the hell is going on here? Miami. Hey, first of all, any ask the question. I'm going to ask you when I look at the picture in the new times of youth. Mm-hmm. I don't see classes that you always wear. Yes. Really? Mm-hmm. You have a problem with those? No, no, no. Don't start making personal attacks. Okay. I don't go for that. What's wrong with those are glasses? I don't know. Maybe I'm not looking in in the right way. Secondly, I'd like to say that I was really surprised because I never really seen New Rogers. It looks pretty good. I was surprised. Really? Yes. You're busy tonight? My partner wouldn't like that. Okay. Well, listen, what does he know? We'll fix him up with Eric. No, but. Or better yet, I'll just take your call. How does that sound, sir? What about me? And you can come over and watch. Okay. Anyway, I don't think people should be filled down on Glenn the bird. I'm Glenn's bird. What does that mean? Glenn the bird? Oh. Glenn the bird? Yeah, they're really down on me. I'm just, um, I don't know. I have a line for that, too, but I'm not going to say it. I always enjoy listening to him. And laughing the background. Um, I think it was an official for your listening audience. In some of those calls are fake. I can tell. I'm the fake detector. Some of those calls are fake. And one's a calling saying that you were rude to them at a peer. Yeah. They must say in that they must. Maybe you would have been one time or twice. So I don't think they just are jumping on the bandwagon. I think so. Yeah, I hate to say it. Yeah. Well, they give you a good out now. Everybody who calls is critical. Well, what it's fine. Why I don't. It's a fake world. I don't think it's a fake. It's a fake. It's a fake. I don't feel this. You know, I don't remember doing any of this. I just wanted to change respect. Cram. Set their besides you. How could I have done all that if I was sitting beside you at these appearances? How could I have done all this? I was sitting right there beside you. Yeah. Finding the autographs. Fake in the hand, finding the big thing. No. I never, that was never my mind. Deal. I would like to meet you. Well, listen, just hang out over there on the beach. I'm going to be spending a lot of time there from now on with the Eric and Joey. What's Joey? Oh, wait. There seems to be two Joey's floating around there. Well, we got to Joe with three ends. We got the little Joey here. And then, of course, there's the other Joey on Saturday that we don't talk about because he's a potty mouthful of part. He had to Joey the whole fart one. Yeah. The other one. Who's the little one? The nice. The little one. I don't have to check it out. I don't know. I'll do a little research and I'll let you know. What's the little one? Who is that? Joey, that's our drug supplier. No, no. He works for a medical supplier. It's just a little joke, okay? Hmm. But he's just a caller, right? He's just a groupie. He's part of the show now. He's hung around so long. He's like that, right? He's part of the show. It comes in and eats. Okay. So now I know who that is. Yeah. He's a real stud, sir. Have a great day, too. Okay. 12 pretty, too. That's what he keeps telling us. And Wild and our next line is on from Boko. Whatever the hell it is, hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Hi, bird. Hey. Hello, Gilbert. Hi. Hi, I'm Bobbi. Finally got a little call for Gilbert. Gilbert is sitting back soaking this all. He knows he's got a very tough decision to make it to a club. He doesn't like Gilbert. Has no sense of humor, by the way. No sense of humor. Are you going to eat that Gilbert? I'm stuff. You stuff. Why, you want that, too? I don't have a weanie. He had a big weanie, man. Okay. Neil, there's one question. Yeah. After appearances, I never had a pleasure to meet you guys. One win was the accommodating. Yes or no, in your opinion. Sometimes, sometimes not. What do you think, Glenn? I was sitting. I was sitting. I was sitting. I was sitting right beside Neil. How could I have played out of Hollywood? You were sitting right next to me. Two of you shine. Two thousand feet. No, I did. I did. Oh, absolutely. I don't think so. So we just said you're full of it. No. And. Well, I see that which was there. I know. You just don't want to. And, but Rich says no. And Paul Harvey juniors says no. Say you say yes. Well, I didn't intend to. And I did not intend to at any appearance. I was in public. I always tried to be on my best be. I'm talking about public. So I don't talk about stopping. How I could have pulled all this stuff. The colors of saying if I was sitting right next to Neil. Well, that's what made it stick out. So, but I mean, made it so obvious. No. I'm going to want to say that. I've been listening to Alex. No matter what I say, it comes out dirty now. Neil, I enjoyed the bird. I thought he had it. Maybe 10% of the show I thought Captain Dave was even better than that. But he was pretty interesting to pretty to work with us. Three year over at Zeta. I don't remember. I'm so hard to get along with. How come you and I got along so well? You got me. Didn't didn't wait. Did I make that up? Well, I'm fixed. I've heard. I never any problems in either. But no, I'm not going to say. Didn't I get along well? You're not going to. You're always fought. No. No, we didn't. One time. One time. Have a great day, sir. Neil, by the way, I was, I don't see one more thing. Thanks a lot for giving me through. I'm going to have to work in work. And thank you. You're great. Listen to that. Thank you, sir. Bye-bye. Okay. Why? I'm just sort of absorbing all the. Well, what was wrong with that? Nothing was wrong. All right, listen. I'm not a whole bunch of people to call it. And I'm telling me what a bastard I am. I'm okay. Because evidently, that's the guy enjoys the show. I didn't say anything. You're broken. You were laid up. You enjoyed the show. Got a few of the lines. I wasn't only thinking his calls. Thinking of the last half hour calls. Okay. Starting to get more in, trying like a little delayed reaction. Okay. Well, I can relate to that. 1234, a WIO, did we got to take a little break now? We got a lot of stuff to do here. Melvin's under enormous pressure day. I got to commend him. He's been doing tremendous business in there. Not if we just anything to do with the show. And also a paying attention little bit to it's phenomenal. We'll be right back. On in me. I don't care if I ever get back. Well, 37, WIO. You know what comes after that, don't you? Backstab. That part after that part of the song. Or I just stopped it. I don't care if I ever get back. So it's woo. Woo, woo, woo. Oh, no. Oh, no. He's saying it. If they don't win, it's a shame. And it's won. So we strike show out at the awful game. Okay. 22 till 1 at WIO. He's like, your bird, you're like a wind up guy. Man, all you gotta do is go to the curial. And you just go, you run with it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Yeah. Yeah. I think I got an interest back at the end. Okay. Good. I don't particularly care for the bird, but that's either here. There. I just think that your ability, your expertise, your talent is that much greater than most your peers that say he was that much worse than he doesn't come out anywhere near as good as you do in personal parents to otherwise. I mean, I always look forward to using you. Oh, here's your pair of what am I like? Some kind of dynamo. And I go out on the parents. I basically a very introverted kind of person. And I try to be friendly and nice to people in the son of a guy. What am I? Something like some kind of hot shot? You're introverted person? Yes. You know that, you know what? The air. Off the air. You bet. I have the bird. I just plan. And I am too. I'm a very shy person. I mean, if you got together with Steve, I used to look forward to one day if you get to go to Steve. You can't make me that. I don't think you would. Okay. I just think that the bird doesn't come up anywhere near your level and that's the bashing of it. Okay. All right. I'll leave you. I try. I don't understand. I want to talk about 39 at WIOD. Let's go to a celebrity caller I'm lying for. We'll see your junior. And I was the very sad day for radio. Really? I can't say sad because you know I've worked extensively with both of you. Don't you wish? And both of you are like brothers for me. By the way, get out of that production studio, E.J. Well, there's a difference of perception and you know, Glenn, you know, you think of yourself as a professional. Yeah. And this was a job. Just like any other job. But it was perceived by most everybody else as, you know, kind of like, like my baddy had an entourage. It's like Neil has his entourage. He doesn't fan rich. He's a big day even. You know, and they just get an Eric. And you were like the top of me. And Eric, right? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But you're right. It does seem to be perception of us. Yes, it does. And it's too bad that everybody perceives it differently. Yeah. You know, Daddy had his entourage and Neil has his own entourage. And you were paid a breakdown good to be the top man in the entourage. I feel bad if I go for you and I hope you'll handle your feet somewhere. Well, thanks. I feel badly too after this. You know, but I'm feeling better now that few things have been explained. And lunch. And you're good. Yes. Your intonation with the ad copy brings tears to mind. Mine too. And paying the my growing. Watch out for those dangerous crabs, Eugene. But I think we're much better. They got something at Eckridge. It'll take care of that. I appreciate it. I think we'll run there now. Okay. See you. Okay. 1241 at WOD. I've done an intro comment on last call just so that after five or ten of those beef sandwiches made it so it's getting to you. North Miami. Is gone? Well, some strange things going on this hour. The Palm Beach line. Yeah. Yeah. You're an epic with. Okay. Good one. Miami. Neil. Yeah. I'm your biggest fan. And bottom line is. I mean, you're the best. But I think when it's right, you're, I'm sure you're not the easiest person in the world to work with. Well, I goes with a territory. You know, but you know why? One thing we're done. The reason I say that is because I mean, he had to be a yes person to you. And I think after a while, he just got tired of saying yes. He wanted to be his piece. And he went out and did that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? No. I think he had to, I think the word, for tell me from, if I'm right. Okay. You started first that I have a feeling that just, just to be a yes person. So you're hanging there for a while. First of all, he was not a yes person on the show. That again was a wrong perception. We disagreed about a lot of things. A lot of things every day. And it was no problem with that. I don't have a priori. I don't want to yes person. I want somebody kissing my butt. But I don't also want somebody every time I bring up something to talk about that they're not interested in throwing a tantrum. Can you relate to them? Yeah. I can relate to them. But I'm not saying that. I'm saying early on. He kind of greeted you a lot of things. And finally he said himself, well, I keep, if I don't really agree with you. Well, I'm not going to say that. Even a way back at Zeta, we had that people used to call me yes. And we disagreed about a lot of stuff. They used to be a whole thing about the show. We're a pretty, we disagree with everything that everybody said. And we would disagree about music and almost everything. Yeah, I think you're the best. But I was just pointing to it. I came back from Chicago when I called you from the afternoon of the car. And he said, I got in Wednesday morning and I heard that you know, Mr. the bird was got out of the way disappointed. But my gozons here. No, I know. I just, it just seemed like you two guys are going forever. That's all. Nothing is forever. Yeah. I'm very, I hope you get something good. Thanks. Okay. Q433 and WIOD. What was that? Oh, Melvin's way behind here. Okay. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Barry Gibbs Jr. here. Huh. Well, it's about time. Gwen, how are you? Well, pretty rough. But I'm hanging in there. It sounds like it. Yeah, pretty rough. I just got to tell you, I called. I wanted to be one of the few colors that called and said something nice in your defense. Okay. Hmm. What the hell was that? Maybe we have a little something musical for that last color that might fit right in. I thought he was going to say very, um, yeah, very edgy. Maybe something like that, maybe. Okay. You can still talk about it. I sure can. But we need some help from Johnny Dark. Okay. Let's go to, um, how come Johnny's not here? We had a lot of food today. Johnny Dark is a friend of mine. That's it. It hates me without passion now. Why? I don't know why. I'm just making a statement. I'm doing it. You think it's misperception? No, I just think that he's, uh, sucks around. That's all. Boka. Yeah. Um, I'm really excited about this. You're what? Excited about it. Well, good. Be excited to speak up enough so we can hear you. That would be a hear me now. That's an excellent. Okay. Don't get too excited, though. Well, I don't have to head you over for the Alex Benich show. I can't believe I'm talking to you. I'm going to listen to you for about a year and a half now. Yeah. And I love the show. I'm going to say something about the bird. And you, uh, the couple of working together. And so a couple of working together. And a couple of working together. How about a team? Yeah. I don't like that word couple, you know? Well, and it's that's the team. I mean, listen to you for a hear. Eric and you are here. They make a smashing couple. But that's just that I think it'll happen, you know? Well, anyways, what I want to say is that I've been glad to go on ceremony and the brist too. It's a real sense. What hair? How are you? What are you still doing here? Spencer. Oh, I love you. Huh? Me too. Did you wash the bird's car? Let me just say a couple of Spencer. Did you wash the bird's car? He washed your car. Excellent. I'm pretty. Not many got his car washed. I have to help him. I'll probably show up every day now. I'm there. What? I'm glad that you grew up in show. Okay. And I'm glad that you finally did. Why have you been looking, sir? How you? I have been looking all the time. I'm glad he's grown on the show. And I'm glad he finally said I want to say what I want to say. And I don't think what's happened to the bird is a bad thing. I think just getting let go and being out there in the world is part of what happened when you grow. And he grew out of your job. And it was time for you guys to say goodbye. Yeah. And that's like any other kind of relationship. Any other team, any other partnership that you have. Every so often you got to say, I've grown on Beyond this and I want to do something else. The thing that I don't like what I'm hearing is the whining about it. From when you make from from the bird. When you make a decision that you want to be your own person. And you really want to do what you want to do. Then you got to take the stuff that goes with it. And the stuff that goes with it is you're on your own. And you're doing it. You don't mind about it or apply about it. And you don't miss perceiving. There's nothing wrong with what happened. In the reality. In Neil is really trying to help you understand that. And he is really trying to put himself out to do that. And he's got done to do it. And I can hear in this voice. And if I were just listening to this show for the first time, I wouldn't be sure that it wasn't a put on on this part. But I really feel like, What I'm like, God, they practically burned the building down. Did it not hear this morning? I don't know he was coming here today. Yeah. I don't want to say the thing. I don't want to say the thing. I just want to say that they have a professional partner that you had with Neil. And the care that he shown and the tone of his voice about you makes me feel like what's going on there is really healthy for your bird. Listen and perceive. You're not bad. There's nothing wrong with you. What you have to understand is that you have grown and you have changed. And now it's time to leave the play tent. And we go out in the world and do what you want to do on your own. Grab it and go. You got all the goddamn opportunity in the world. Take it and make it and go. You're a lovely person. But you got to get rid of that thing with your little boy. And it's all over with now you made a man's decision. Take it inside of yourself and stay with it. It's a really healthy decision for you. Neil, God bless you. How can you say that? Well, I have a lovely day. 1247 and WIOD that Bokadale Relyne is open now. You know the number. I'm not giving any numbers out today. I just refused to do it. We will tell you that gulstream plot of super track is having a. You're a giant. You're a giant. You're a giant. You're a giant. You're a giant. You're a giant. 1251 and WIOD in a very traumatic Wednesday. If food is just about going, we have one tent in these sandwichs. You're melting. Somebody? Scott? Nobody wants it, man. It is so good. I have, I'm so stuffed. I'm sick of my stomach. I'm just picking out. But it was so good. How about giving it to Roy Gary? Maybe it'll come out. Yeah, we'd like to give it to Roy Gary. Let's go to North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes. Neil. I just have a couple of things. I want to say. Get off my chest. First off. You have a couple of things. You'd like to get off your chest. I'm afraid this surgeon is going to have on his afternoon. Does dermatologist? Yeah. Maybe I don't know if you're as crab sir. I guess that sounds pretty serious. I don't know if you're not. I don't understand that serious. But first I want to say a couple of good things and critical things. First I just want to say, bird, your last week was very good. The week and Neil went away. Mm-hmm. Did a good job. Secondly, I think they call it before me, with correct, but he was a little hard. You know, you got to start being a little bit of hard. Okay. Alex is coming up and just over an hour. Everything on this station now is falling in. It's all you talk about is how hard it isn't as bad. Secondly, not now that you've heard me coughed compliment you. I mean, let me tell you that I think I'm an open minded guy. And when I went to the remote to Toyota, and Hollywood. I mean, if you watch Neil sitting there, and I'm not saying you had to be this way, but you know, he was laughing with people and smiling with people and came across. You know, you had really good vibes coming out of Neil. And I'm not saying you had bad vibes. And maybe you're just in a bad mood that day or just an entire mood. Because you seem to be sitting there and looking around like, you know, I didn't see you doing anything cruel or, you know, on kind. It's just like you seem to be sitting there kind of out of it. And that was the impression I got. And I know, because I was in line for an hour and a half. But I was watching you guys for an hour and a half. And at one point, you know, I saw you get up and you, I just went through the bathroom or something. And then you came back and, you know, it was the same kind of reaction. You know, you might have smiled once, right? And then I'm just saying, that's what I saw. And I was watching because, you know, I've never seen you all. And I was like, you know, I thought I'd get to know you by watching your faces. Anyway, and the other thing is to get away from that Gilbert. Are you there? Yes, just fun, lamb. That is a feel to, so I have this immense popularity all of the sudden. I think it's fantastic. I mean, it's like every day people calling and then, no matter who they criticize, they'll say, oh, but we love Gilbert. I know I make it a little interesting. You know, you have to put that little fence on it. Yeah. Well, I think Neil was right about it. You know, we're teaching me a lot about doing live spots. I've learned a lot today. I make sure you get those dangerous crabs in every time. I think Neil was right about you when he said that, you know, that that you can talk about any subject. And you are genuinely funny. And I don't mean funny like we're living at you. I mean, I think, I mean, you have funny things to say. Doing you have to have a sense of humor on occasion, you know? And maybe you ought to consider like, you know, getting your broadcast license. I don't know if you need a license to get a talk. No, no, I'm a little bit glad Neil was in fact there. I'll sign it for him. Well, like, if somebody else, like, like, they can take a person like me if they wanted to become a radio talk. Oh, James. Oh, James. No, no. No. I don't have the... Don't do it. Why? You see what happens. And that wasn't my fault because Neil said it showed me the spot on that 9,000,000. So that's six little, well, how old are you? You had a little possession there, you know? And what about just right? Have a great day, sir. And just to relieve yourself of that idea, okay? Which idea? Oh, beginning of this business. Well, if I'm already in the entertainment business. Well, listen, that's entertaining enough. Don't do it. Well, if I'm able to do both, like I could keep my other entertaining job. That's good. Oh, yeah. On the side. That's the way I would still have a very good income. Always have a backup. Alright. Okay. 25, the WIOD, the Bladewater Girl. Hi, guys. How you doing? How you doing, dear? Just taking in all the stuff that everybody's calling. A lot of stuff. Yeah, a lot of stuff. I don't want to take sides or anything, you know? I just have, you know, like the last guy, some good things, some bad things, I remember. I did meet both of you when you guys went with Steve Caine to see Gold. I remember. Yeah, so the bird was very, very nice. He wasn't, you know, fumbling or anything like Neil's stuff sometimes. I'm sure, you know, he's done it on a case and he was very nice to me. Neil was very nice also. And to go back about, like, when Neil had people, you know, in the studio during the show. I remember and I have tapes of this, like back when he was on Zeta that he had to cook a city kids and pollen and all that. Yeah, I hear remember that. Yeah, well, I was like, why do I remember that? It doesn't one time that's the phone in my mind that Bob and some of the kids were going over. And like you could see on to the parking lot and you mentioned it and the bird got a little bit upset about it. I hate this one and talk. And then when they came in to the studio that they were there to bash because they wanted to ban Ellen and all that, then he kind of got like buddy buddy with them. So there's a good thing from this is a bad thing. And like I said, I don't want to think about anything but unfortunately it all gets things come to one and there was a lot of fun and I do miss the bird too, you know. But you know, I just wanted to say that. Okay, have a good one. Hope you guys are good. See you. Yeah. Prop 57 and W. I did before we go to the next call now, your girlfriend hit her head on your bed. Is that what it was? Let's set something like that. Yeah. Well, no, you mentioned that this is Eric's girlfriend. He was talking about the other day. Well, I'm sure is just was she there, especially wasn't there, wasn't she? She wasn't there. What a shame. And she course couldn't be here to take the season school. Where did she go to school? That's by you. Oh, really? Hey, exciting. And now what happened? She was in bed. Oh, that's the story. Okay, we were kind of wrestling around on top of the sheet. And I pushed her back. Why, why, why, why didn't it? Wither without your clothes on. That doesn't matter. Oh, without your clothes on that. Yeah, even Geobar said you didn't say that. Yeah, don't tease, right, go bro. Yeah, that's how it's done. There might have even been some of those dangerous crabs around. Yeah, that's why I'm, I don't know. You are a new article is a clothing that we're not on. You're right. Like the ones you're about to take off. Exactly. And I pushed her back and her head hit the back of my bed. And that's the story. She hit her head. Blood went everywhere. I didn't run to the hospital. Blood went everywhere. All along. I walked the bed. The sheets everywhere. Boy, talk about ruining a mood. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we went to the hospital. We got a couple of things. And I came back in the back. Resume. Okay. Well, we stayed in the car. Hmm. What? You did what in the car? Have you seen the car? Boy, these emotional kids. You know, it's just incredible. On the beach, no less. Well, that's your probably got to rise out of those people. And there were people in their walkers carrying on all over the beach. Right, Eric? You got it. Okay. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hi, Glenn. Hi. I can't help but think about the times that you took the show. And you come back from a remote. And people would call and say, oh, it's really great to meet Glenn. I enjoyed him. Hmm. And what a great show. And then when you got fired, the people that called in and were self-set that you were gone. And I think the reason maybe you're getting more negative and positive today is that maybe those people just don't listen to the show anymore now that you're not on it. I wonder why it was just so many negatives in a row. That was interesting. Why? Where are all those people? I think they don't listen anymore because you're gone. Take care. I wish you lots of luck. Whatever you do. Well, okay. Well, it's your nice to know that you're still listening. Oh, I do. I love you, too. Okay. Bye-bye. What a way in the hour. Yeah. I can't wait for Judge Wopper Jr.'s verdict a little later on on the show. Deborah Martinez is also more than amazing as standing by the leather in leather. I can't wait. I'll like to try to protect yourself with a one-to-clothed leather. And oh, boy, I think we're regressing. And then two o'clock this afternoon, committee and Jackie Benedict, a channel six week at anchor, Diana Morgan, who will come straight from the clean Mary by the way. And that'll be two to six sports talk in six or five. And then the stand may do show from eight until 11. And by the way, don't forget in case you missed the yesterday, Alex is desperate. 610 WIO D presents Neo Rogers. To get in touch and talk, call 751 WIO D in 10. 524 WIO D in Groward or 655 and 278 WIO D in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call Colette. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. And now here's Neo Rogers on New Stock Radio 610 WIO D. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. 524 WIO D in the Palm Beach. So it's one, two, three strikes throughout at the O. Okay, 206 at WIO D. We have a very exciting news here. And that is Eric is wearing a bathing suit today. It doesn't tell us what he came in and he's going to take all his clothes off, except his shoes and his bathing suit in just a second. Right, Eric? Wrong. Anyway, well, listen, we work on it slowly. Okay, you can help him. Here's a bird defense call in Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi, Neo. Yeah. I got the solution to the birds problem. Do you? Yeah. Yeah. I think you should replace them with Joseph Gacky and sports socks. And everything will be taken care of. That will solve all the problems. Don't you think so? Yeah. What a great idea. He might become a big sports fan pretty quick. And just give it up to psychic. Uh-huh. Okay, sir. Okay, beautiful way to start the hour. How in Dale? It's just second hang up in hell. They'll sunny if you don't cut the crap man. We're going to walk you in one of those topless bars. Boca. Do you remember what the hell is going on here, Melvin? Do you remember when I suggested that I do your color and you do the hurricane-based Paul games? Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. Thank you. Hi. I wanted to say that I think you're the best. And I'm the one to get over it. Oh, and I love you. We love you, Gilbert. I do. Yeah. Did you laugh when I said those I'd dangerous crap? Yes. Yes. Anyway, I want you to know that I never used to listen to your show when Burke was on his race. He gets so aggravated by his laugh. Now that he's off, I love your show and I listen all the time. And I call you all the time. And I'm trying to tell Ryan that, Rob. Oh. Oh. From not sweaty. Well, he doesn't like to show anyway. Okay. Oh. Okay. Well, that's good. Anyway, I just wanted to let him know that I'm, I hope he gets another job somewhere, but I'm glad he's up yourself. Okay. So, can you? Yeah. You've time a big kiss for me. It's one o'clock. Okay. Eric's done with Zanderware now and pretty impressive. I'll tell you that. Pretty imposing. Let's go to Fort Waterdale. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I wish up in listen to you guys since you came over to WIRD. How long has that over here, right? Yeah, a little over here. Yeah. I tell you, I never noticed any big change in the bird. Big ego trip. Where? Me either. Where? I never noticed any big ego trip that he was on. Why do he get fired? So, I'm not going to start it at the square one. And we hatched the whole thing. Have you been listening to the show? Yeah. Okay. Can't go back to 10 o'clock and do the whole four hours for you again. It wasn't any big ego trip. No. Well, what if you say so that it was not, it had nothing to do with anything. Okay. It was because I'm a bad guy. You're a lot more entertaining than he is. There's a question. I'm not question about that. The bird was just happy to fill in for you. Everyone's in the wrong. Yeah. He hardly said anything. You're saying, oh, right. Hey. Let's face facts. You're the show that you only raised in that people listen. Okay. It wasn't because of the bird. Right. You're showing the same now as it was before. Right. Just as entertaining. Yeah. So the bird had to have done something else. Like what? I have no idea. Oh, one of those calls, huh? I, well, he's saying why all this big hub of basically. That doesn't see. I'm not going to listen. I'm not going to rehash. We've been through it. We read the article. I've went through the thing on the air. I don't know. To the point of nausea. And here we are. It's 10 after one. And you still have it absorbed into your brain. Why you're not on this show anymore. Okay. That's the part that's frightening to me. After all of this time, you still don't get it. Well, why don't you? Now, I can't draw you a roadmap. Okay. How about the bottom line is it's my show. I didn't like the way things were going. For, I give you an example. About two, three weeks ago, I came in and I'd watched a hockey game that I'd be for. Okay. Which now that I have my satellite, this is at Barrioli. I get to see a thing that I want to see. And low and behold, I never thought it was going to go anywhere. I just mentioned it. And low behold, the phones lit up. We did four hours on a hockey. Now, I guarantee if you would have been here, there would have been such caring on in six days. We would never gotten past 10, 15. Okay. And it was a good show. And the phones never stopped ringing. We had a good time. And it was something different. You couldn't handle that. Because you're not interested in it. And I'm going to sit here every day. And I'm going to talk about what I'm interested in. My show. And if I want to talk about the fact that Eric looks like God, I'll talk about that. And I'll look like you better than God or what. And that's what I'm into. That's what I'm going to talk about. I want to talk about the cubs and about Mark Grayson, about whatever it is. That's what I'm going to talk about. Okay. I'm not going to sit here and please you or anybody else. Okay. I'm here to please myself and the audience. Sure. And evidently, for a long time, I'm pleasing the audience. So can't we do it pretty damn well. And I'm not going to temper or mold or change what I want to talk about. Because you're sitting here, sign and hopping and puffing and putting the mic over on the side. I mean, how many richest senior do that many times? I saw you do it a hundred times. I'm not going to put up with that. Okay. You're a nice guy. I wish it was best. But you're not going to be. It's just history. It had its time in place and it's gone. And some of the callers have said it even better than I did. Things have to evolve. You've got to go on to something else beside being just some little lemon here. You've got to do your own thing now. Are you there? Yeah. Oh. I just my reaction to that is I never felt this was a sport show or I wouldn't have been on it in the first place. David Letterman. It's not a sports show. It's a sports idiot. But if I knew he was going to do a whole show on sports, I wouldn't turn it on. But you're not being paid to watch David Letterman. You were being paid to money to sit here and dummy up that's all. If I were to required you to get into some kind of great intellectual conversation about sports, trivia about the the cobs and about that would have been different. You couldn't have done it because you don't know anything about it. You have no interest. But on those occasions when we were discussing something you don't care about, all you had to do was sit back and shut up and just to read your inquire. That's all I have a nice lunch. How could anybody pass up a deal like that? I attempted to do that. You couldn't do it. You know, we're not capable. I'm my personality. I'm a person and you're going to get my. Well, fine. So you couldn't either you can deal with it or you can't. And we and I couldn't. Okay. Okay. So that it's one 13 to W I O D we want to tell you one more time. I know, I was at number for the roses again, 976. Wow. Excellent. Excellent. Okay. Also by Eric is done with fruit of the looms now which is pretty incredible. And I would get out before Alex comes in. Because the way he's talking to last couple of days, I'm actually what he's going to do. Miami. Yeah, now. Yeah. You're the best. Gilbert's great. But the bird definitely needs to get a life. That's that. That was all by the way. Good morning. The. Donnie Osmond was on the today show with that. Well, he wasn't with anybody because they paid the interview. And I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. He looked pretty good. Look, okay. It's doing well. They all been doing great. You remember Donnie don't you? Mm-hmm. Okay. Let's go to a pop at O. Hello. Hey. Hey. Hey. I don't want to spoil it. But he seems like a real trouble. He. No. No. What are you asking the question for? You know the answer. What? Well, what's the question? Please. A paid trouble maker who comes in to create all kinds of problems and stir up a lot of rumors and make phone calls back and forth. And he alarm. A lot of fact biting. Hey, bird. Yeah. I want to. You always listen to you when you did the entertainment reports. Mm-hmm. Great. You're you're really good. I got one question, Neil. I come yesterday when I call just this to come for the bird. You told me to get a life in her lap all day. When was that? Yesterday. You must have been a little more than that sir. I said I'm. How long did it go along was it called about 20 minutes? No. No. It wouldn't been longer but it lasted about 20 seconds. Oh. Well, there had to be something there sir. Have I been hanging up on the people who stuck up for him today? Tell you if they're real good today. He said every opportunity plus he's in the house. He's in the building and spite of management's his. Oh, I think it's a sensational hatred. Whatever the hell it is. How do you rate life to your M. Glad we fed you good and to get his number and get some good information for us. You've been really easy to do today. I gotta pay that. That's right. If you give it a memory. Well, we wish him the best. I said that and I meant it but he doesn't believe it. Oh, bird. He's been really fair. And he thinks it because we still I'm, you know, make a little part of now that he's gone. I mean, that's just part of the show. He was here a long time and it's it goes with a territory. Okay? But I'm part of what this show is all about. I went for some juicy fat part to come out in the article. The article seems pretty tame. Article is really just nothing. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, that rich made this big build up here and nothing. The article is like I said nothing. I think I stopped eating fat rich. Yeah. That was that was big. This is ass wouldn't it. And you're giving him food for thought. It's killing him. Yeah. Hey, bird. Good luck with you. Thanks. Okay. Have a great day. Twenty after one. And W. I do everybody's in a pretty good mood now. Even Gilbert's getting excited. Do you want to be your Yankee thing now? Don't do the cubs. They will say that for later. Okay. What is that? Well, now, but what is doing a little set up now? What is this? This is the famous original theme song of the New York. I Yankee back in the early day. Uh, tune in to New York Yankee face. Wow. Right here on W. I.L.C. But greatest attractions. The New York Yankee. I.L.C. Doodle. Doodle. I.L. Life face. What team the New York Yankee? Say, ah, my joy and my pride. So come on and we'll, for the Yankee. You will have a great time. When the Yankee's take the field. They will talk it to them. Say, ah, my Yankee Doodle boy. Outstanding Gilbert. Outstanding our life studio audience. We just a little route of applause here. Okay. Let's do a break. 21 pass one. We'll do the other thing later. Okay. We'll take it. We're going to do it. Yeah. You need to break after that. It is. I bet it sounded just like that to the New York. It did. Yeah. Matter of fact, the Ron Saint John used to sing. You could have heard it. For a night of great energy. One twenty four W.I.O.D. We should be taking some more calls. Mm-hmm. No question. Miami. One. Since this is the last time you will probably. My wife. Good. When I dumped it, don't worry about it. One twenty five. We could get the number. Anyway, a Palm Beach is open. I will give that number because I don't think we can. Well, we haven't given any numbers once all show. But let's do Palm Beach just for all time. Oh. Let's not. Okay. Doesn't make you through them. Now we don't need their calls anyway. They don't even know who they have you on. Uh, for waterdale. Yeah. Pineville. Yeah. Good luck, Glenn. Thanks. I was wondering, what Gilbert still doing there? Is what is he retired? Yes. He retired. I'm like, click and facts on the point. Yeah. Gilbert is, um, the numbers become a radio consultant now. Did you like that? Please, sorry. Please, Gary. And you're not answering his question. Would it be Gilbert's sake? Did you like that thing song that I sang before? Oh, fantastic. Gilbert, you sing. I'm anxious. I know. Just a certain something in that voice, though. They just say, you can't resist it. Yeah. There's a certain something Gilbert points to can't resist. Yeah. Just run on to a running into a thousand dangerous crabs in Hollywood. They just, I think it's lack of education. Okay. Sorry. Take a meal. Okay. Bye bye. I'm 26 after what, a W.I.O.D. And let's go to a lady in Boka. Plaglaren. Hi. I think you're well, and I admire you for your intelligence. And I'm proud of you for taking all the blast you're taking. And I'm proud of you for keeping your own identity. And I'm the only, I'm the fourth woman, lady, that has been on the air with you today. Mm-hmm. And Neil kind of talks to her, or everybody, just like what he calls Alex, Rand, tell you, can't hear Alex in an interview without him drowning out the interview E. And, well, what the hell is that? What the hell is that? I'm there with all the men in Neil's chest game. Yeah. So, don't take it seriously, dear. We are, we ladies love you, saying. Yes, and it's nice to know you're still listening. There she goes. That's one of your people. You didn't interview with Alex, Rand, tell? I don't know. You know what the hell she's talking about? I messed it in my language, I'll tell you that. Dear field. I knew Dick here. I knew I don't want to rehash any old topics. How you doing, Dick? Never, better. But, you know, in one breath, you tell management, you don't want bird on your show. The next breath, you say that you didn't have fire. I did, did I said that? Yeah. When did I say that? Well, she's been on the hold for about 20 minutes. That was probably about 45 minutes. I hate to break the news. I said, briefly, repeatedly today, and it says, it's a right-in-the-article. I'm the one who told Disney, he's got to go off my show. So, why don't you tell him that he's gone? He's got to go off my show. He's got to go off my show. Oh, here, here. Let me say it again. Well, what is it? You don't have a ball. It's like you're asked, okay? Right on now. That was Mike Disney's. If he would have said to me, you do it. I had no problem whatsoever. I don't make corporate or company decisions here. There's only one I made today. And I was to overrule management and give the bird an opportunity to come on and just few his thing. Whatever it is you want to do. Thank you. And it's mung heads like that that just want to go on. He's doing exactly what that psychotic broad from Boko was talking about right before and talking over and just babbling on and on. on and on is one of a conversation sir would like you like years you ought to go far right Gilbert right on palindale don't let the birds do anything all over your cart listen to me for a minute would you would everybody just listen okay let's all calm down listen to voice of reason here okay first of all I've listened to Glenn since he was on love 94 with that entertainment report well I could sure use another soldier you know who's got some change rich rich is gonna get yeah yeah yeah and Glenn has his own personality and that's the way it is and that's the way it's always gonna be in Glenn has a great personality but you know things happen and that's the way it is now as far as Glenn coming everybody's saying the Glenn's coming on the show today in winening I think Glenn's winening I love you Neil but I think you're whining a little bit more about this thing Glenn is not me well you know it's just on and on but but I love your winening but let's be fair to Glenn I got a news for you sir the name of this show is whining and dining that's all I do actually please mention eat and that's what they show is all about and I don't deny it okay I have to say anybody can make this kind of money convention and eating every day I'm not belly aching about it okay the bird right you know bird did have your own personality and he did get a little out of hand but I have to say something he was very very loyal to you when as far as like when you went on vacation and stuff he you know a couple of people try to get on the phone and review and he always you know Neil was always on the top of his mind and he always you know came through for you and you know he's gone and I have to say something to show is a little bit better without him oh but on the other hand he was great and he added a lot now let's get on you know the birds gone now what's called sweet baby blue or justice riker something and really get into some heavy topics or Eric or Eric oh by the way Paul the dude you're doing it in the car with his girlfriend on the beach unless don't think this guy and Alex down find out about that man we're gonna have some real problems on the beach don't you think this guy is great reverb yeah I'm in an empty room that's the day so fine okay Gilbert is plotting your reverb sir excellent job Gilbert's love I see yeah I'm seven six okay it's 130 one you're on everybody the tip of everybody he's tongue I was a lady bird defender hello hello oh no we lost her hello we need all we relax now don't get hyper she's right here we need all we can get hello hi hi my name yes man I'd like to say hello to the bird hi I really love the one you want to show thank am a long time listen first time call her I just got my phone yesterday and I'm really excited to be calling you I didn't think I was ever gonna get through this is exciting exciting for me too I hope you get a job and I wish you a lot of lot well thanks I wish they take the images off at night and put you on instead all right I just put my husband to sleep let's just keep ripping everybody okay I just inspired everybody just have like a round robin okay okay I just like to say hello to everybody in this studio I had done I'm doing fine I didn't say how to Gilbert now I go over how am I doing so fine you're doing good show me they got spots you know if I know that I made it you know we like to say we know you're so good you can do it right off the top of you it's a piece of cake exactly okay I just want to come you know let me ask you a question you still isn't it a show yes I do well thank God for your I don't know until you'll be far call thank you and now I just wanted to call my husband John and do his back excellent have a great day you too okay 132 at WIOD Miami hello great well okay they waited 45 minutes to hang up it's amazing it's amazing my job is something in palaces I know it's right job Gilbert Miami hello all right are you doing okay it birds yeah how you doing okay Gilbert yeah fine and yeah you talk you're all right yeah hey bird can you play the golf game for me not today hey boy those were the days one thing yeah you're young Neil no young Neil today no young Neil oh look I I only can quote one guy and bird what the hell do you want how about a job to start a child somewhere it's some work yeah I think Lee father's looking for a sidekick I heard a Dean Goodman called in Little Wilda yeah right you know you know I think this is you know I'm glad you had the guy back on the show it's nice to hear his voice again of course what the hell are they so up tight about out there in the outer offices for quite a lot you should know look where you work you should know better than you know they I couldn't believe those they really shock me they too just why I think I know how psychotic they are they come to new lows man they just come up with new crazy my son get over it so what are you doing though you like running out your house brother you know no I'm still there still there for at least this month at least this is a man over yes he's way ahead of all of it he's number to keep the over it's got a nice set seven six well that's it that's it that's it that's it for an up your bird 130 we're just in those dangerous crabs that you don't cut the crap 134 WI O D it will be right back okay what's that number again you're nine seven six well okay now Eric was telling us he used to be the backboard for the giants you got it that's incredible how long ago was that I'm about four years ago old a yearic 21 he's legal Gilbert four years ago in San Francisco I used to travel with him in Cranibut they have got did they have ball girls to they had a few of those really anything good great stories that we might be interested in there off the air may okay I'd like to one from the beach I'm very interested yes I have anything to hang out with you around and give him some great nice writing a book for a lot of them yeah this is the site of detective over a channel seven the one the psychic detective yes sir after I'm through with the in-severed port tonight the brother would like some help finding a job you have one at seven I tried reading Gilbert's mind but it was all blank a cute cute okay we'll be looking for your check for Camillo's house and thanks so much 22 till 22 in WI O D for that was the one Hollywood yeah hi guys yeah I got to ask you Gilbert are you related to Calvin the forest by the kid yes you really are yeah well you know I'm a unique person like an I tell you they are similar though I'm not the on you so type of out these lots you know I listen you don't know how you don't know how it's true through saying you are really can I think you are the Larry's but moment of radio he is he is the wave of broad cast you train this market make no mistake about it he's gonna he's so big now Saturday morning he's gonna be on a side on Sunday don't get hyper now Sunday morning he's gonna be on the Howard we show on WKAT how do you like that well I'd opposite make green yes I saw less than it called his birthday party up he was not only telling jokes and otherwise being outstanding he was dancing and singing yeah well I heard a little birdie told me that the reason Bill after he is at the older just stole the show completely and Bill kind of faded into the woodwork no fell off the star of the show no it's not so bad what up in the morning yeah he had to get up to be out this station at five o'clock in the morning that's my bell left well listen as far as his bird business concerned I mean I think it's redundant I mean you know it is over it's done you know what's I don't know about that I think it's a part of isn't it's a panning guy like Megan now well I think you got the bird be eight ways to April oh I don't know about that well listen well you're in an extra guy but you keep in there go burn that I think I think oh you know who enjoy the bird but why not the eyes so I saw yeah I felt called a guy that's another reason he's not here anymore I'm I'm sorry yeah what are you talking about the guy with the eyes the one that always used to be a little better today looks like you may have gotten a little something overnight no well listen good luck though is either that are you found a good magazine on the beach one and you know okay hi I like a lot sir don't get the two and he was ripping you yesterday pretty good you're a bad guy like you would be like right if what you may stick around you might be his audience today and ever let's go to uh Boken next to all yeah yeah yeah okay good one let's to try Miami hello yeah what happened to the big bird bag meaning what it's degenerated into psychoanalysis of the bird psychoanial analysis great meaning what meaning you wanted to just hear us ripping for four hours today well we didn't know he was coming here today we had asked he said he was gonna shine he said he declined on the other had my friends come over a couple of them took off from work I laid out the chips and they had yeah well sir dipped this okay this appointment this appointment yeah I've heard this oh well another one of those seedest out there in radio land here's a bokeh mobile hey you know yeah first of all one of the orders of flowers I couldn't find them okay you don't Gilbert will dial the number four on it it's nine seven six clouds wait a minute there you go what about my lunch three two double cheese burgers and large fries can you go yeah that I'll do it large diet man anyway uh brother was I hearing your voice I just got to miss you but uh always lady still there come on down you're the next contestant on WIL next bed in Miami flotta I think the guy behind me is living and you guys all the excellent all right cool I'm the beep beep is hard at these listening everybody every party if you're hard if you're listening sir obviously just give me the thumbs up I'll just give you a finger okay there we go everybody at white at Burger King and Boca's listening to him to turn on their headlights how is all the big backs how they happen the big max what does B out C I don't think we're gonna get the measure out okay I have a great life sir good up and Gilbert says a good luck to you you'll need it here is Kendall next to all hey Glenn yeah what what would it say for someone to be fired and go back and trying to fish on the air for their job what would that's not what I'm doing let's say we are a coconut that's not what I'm doing you're not listening to me I don't matter what I say that's not what I'm doing what are you doing I'm here so that this didn't become a one-sided kangaroo court and to present not a slightly argue if you mean that if you weren't there it would become a one-sided kangaroo court who gives a damn about your going you think Ford put that memos about Liaya Coco you think they care about there is one it says it's throw them off the property if you shows up well uh sort of speak Neil you're from up state yeah can I say yeah oh excellent I heard that I was in was gonna move to you come over to Canada Eggwood for spring training next one I would be terrific like in February and would be excellent they'd be really be ready to go absolutely okay sir have a good life 143 at WIOD here's a bird defense call for Miami no you you're the other you're the other try to control yourself bird junior hasn't called today he noticed you guess he's gone what okay good luck you sir we couldn't agree with you more what's on beach hello all these Palm Beach calls but at least that's one thing that hasn't changed tamaract glam yeah touch my monkey okay that must have been Bill Wise calling from the DCI's here from Bill I beg your pardon been a wildson's effort from Bill well he's getting ready to go up to the uh go out to the uh whatever it is you're gonna do to the country he's gonna be great favorite it'll be right up his alley eight loves country Hollywood yes yes man yeah I'm so pleased I finally go out to after two hours of drawing would you please get that thoroughly bird off there I want to expect to see you especially and Neil and wait a minute let's let's find my man yeah and you were marvelous you were smiling laughing with everybody you saw in my picture autographed I asked the bird to I'm on my break oh geez you looked at me like I was there people were so you I never looked at anybody like they were anything except with a bird except for Alan I beg your pardon sir but you looked at me like I was a piece of dirt oh come on you were on your break and didn't have time oh gee I if I said that I said to you I've got to do something I'll be back in two minutes and I'll take care of it I would never say that to anybody you too because he was there he was most except that he knew how much I wanted to get both of your autographs you know these call these are set up yeah I feel just like stand well you sawing just like stand paranoid and psychotic what is it hello how did you get on I'm I'm the jet on the lady's husband oh I see okay I thought I thought I was losing my mind there for a second you know that or she just had a hell of an operation but for Neil you may remember me you're what I'm about six foot four I'm the big guy you would talk in about and I thought I've made away when you were at this game Boulevard at spec so my wife could get the real she got you picture and you were handing out those delicious chocolate cup of strawberry something oh yeah yeah she turned that down she got you picture you're working away you're signing things etc you said to him all the best she goes over to the bird and there's little tips we that little teeny bit we look for there it says I'm on my break I thought my break you know you know a broken speaker something I mean here sounds like a set-up to me yeah yeah some kind of I like to set you up your little never mind I never did I just that's ridiculous never did that ridiculous come on we have many people have you heard what are you deaf a deaf bird get a job he never forgets and he never forgives or just remember that I got a great life yeah thanks dude I had it here why be nice to my audience now you may need not not not those two while I may turn 140 seven a do I would be you've never tasted anything like the group okay we got a couple of mullables if there's still here in the Miami yes yeah yeah I have went out of town this morning and I almost broke my neck trying to get back in time for some birth bashing and I was shocked they should hear the bird on the on the air it is shocking isn't it I was up a collecting there must be some sort of conspirator something going on over there yeah conspiracy for what I was a conspiracy to rehabilitate the bird not in this building there's not it's unbelievable I thought you had gotten rid of all the deadwood I mean I was glad to hear sparkle was gone and now and now this guy's back with the story he's not back he's here for one day all but that's great because that that's that's that's how cool on the carton you have his far superior you got a life bird okay sir excellent excellent call my amy uh Neil yeah I'm a little miss you're a little miss yeah a little miss I got a little miss I want it I wanted to call you and talk about the baseball now the bird there and you talk about whatever you want to sir well are you sure how do we can see it he's in another room are you sure when I want I just want to talk about the cup and I tell you they really think I think the royals are going to win the world through this year okay sir well it's obvious that you're on hallucinogens call us back when you straighten out all here's the caller we've been waiting for for a long time everything fine just fine dad I just mentioned this guy bird junior you're gonna land on your feet they've called call your lately not recently you dad yeah why is that I wonder I wasn't invited to the birthday party fast I don't know were you there couldn't make it boy great to hear from you again this is a later that's like old times okay actually another one of your people a girl cable hello hey Neil yeah I couldn't pass up the chance to a bass the bird I want to say you listen Glenn yeah and now listen close bird you're pathetic wimpering asshole and I really don't understand how you last to the long as you did I really don't understand by the way bird you have no personality no personality whatsoever but he was pretty good on the show though right you gotta give me credit for taking this abuse you really do okay have a nice life okay one fifty one of your people yeah before we went out of time now we got to tape rolling we have the regular of thing as we want to do the now you're ready for it ever all right now just hold on well we my We'll go for the coffee if they don't wait until the table runs one, two, three strikes your mouth at the old fall game. Great. Great rendition Gilbert. Okay, let's go to Croll Gables. I don't think they're there. Are they? Neil. You they are. What a shock. I just wanted to say that I think Johnny does kill the bird. I know it was going south when it should nail you were fed up with Johnny does and that killed them. Is that it? Well, I think the bird is the sour ass with an attitude. Can I ask a question, sir? Sure. Who the hell is Johnny does? I don't know. You just are suffering. Looking for free food. Yeah. Have a nice life. Here's a mobile in Croll Springs, hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Great. Hey, listen, I'm really sorry birds off the air. Okay. And I think you should pay him royalties every time you use his car and tackle him. And I can't believe birds you allow him to do that. Why do you do that, birds? By the way, I would like to say one of these sour pushes out their chronic sour push. That's okay. You ain't too cold yourself. You can't take witnesses and now you don't know. I know. I can't do it out, but I can't take it. That's why you listen every day of your life, sir. You love it. I do. I love you. You strive on a good land we feed that the roses in your life. You slime ball. What is it? I wanted to say that that lie that was told on this program about me hiring an attorney to try to stop you from playing my stuff. It's the biggest lie that I made. I don't say you may not answer it. I don't want to say it's a lie. I would never do something. I don't have an anonymous call. I probably just got from Croll Springs. I wouldn't do anything like that. And I couldn't anyway. It's your stuff. I would never even think about something. Who would want it anyway, right? Exactly. Boy and B. Hello. Bill. Yeah. Who is this guy Gilbert? Hi, Don, buddy. Was his father Elmer's foot? What's that back? Was his mother-father Wala? Let's go to a lady and margie. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, Glenn. How are you? Okay. Neil, is it possible that Glenn has an evil twin? No. Okay. Let me tell you why. I was at Toyota. I did not experience any of this thing to be people is saying. Glenn was charming. Oh, be talk. Glenn was nice. Glenn signed an autograph for me. Yeah. Glenn had a good idea. Well, I guess they all made it up them. No, they didn't all make it up. Maybe he was. Because I sat there and I watched it myself for several hours. But there's no point in re-hashing it because he's never got to fess up to it. Okay. And his own mind. He didn't do it. And that's it. I understand what you're saying. I also give him a lot of credit for showing up here today. Okay. Okay. Thanks. You're welcome. Okay. Wonderful. Carl Gables. How you doing Neil? Okay. How's it going, bird? Okay. And how's it going? It's Gilbert. Good. Neil, I know you're sure on time. So, just have three quick things. Yes. Or Neil, you're the greatest those go that bird. We miss you. We love you. And then we're three Richard Moore is a simple and pathetic. Okay. Good. I like your technique there. Now it's so 158. What the hell do you want? What the hell do I want? Yeah. You're not supposed to be on this, you're a warrior. You never can tell. Things change. Yes. I'm real. It's a Miami Film Festival. Are we on the air at this rainbow? Yes. Here's the deal. On behalf of the Student Intellectual Community. I just wanted to call it and say we are deeply grateful that the bird is off the air. Oh. This is my good friend. When I come on, come on now. Nice hearing from you, Bill. No, come back. Well, he's speechless. And I got to be honest if I were him, I would be too. Even coming from you. God. Bill's his life that we're in here. You're doing intellectual and the history of broad of journalism. It's true. You mean it? Neil, I have not seen you with the phone stuff to work without a back. But before you, every night, hold your breath, Billy. Say hi to a quote. He's a great American. He has a great American. Okay, tell me get a green card. Just a joke, Juan. Just a joke. See you. And the bird can get a life. See you. Say goodbye. Okay. Now, your verdict judge, what's the we got 20 seconds? I admit, I think the bird is a nice guy and I enjoy it. I think it's a wonderful question. Okay. It's the last time we're inviting Gilbert to be here. But I also enjoy Neil. Well, thanks for coming by. I guess. I guess. And well, listen, there was a bit worse. You could have not eaten. And thanks, of course, to Eric who just frightened up everybody. He's there. He's putting his clothes back on now. And we've got the, and thanks to the people from Channel 6 who are just goofing off for four hours. I can't believe that they don't have a house to cover. And we got part of that studio audience in here already. It's looking a little thin. So if we got some other people. Oh, geez. Like I said, boy, you better get in here real quick. Because it's going to be overflowing and Alex's desperate. If you're, if you're even close to being a woman. Okay, just come in and be prepared to do anything and touch anything. Have a wonderful day. We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 on 610 WIOD.