I'll have a great right up yesterday, give a three and a half stars out of four. I'm sure that many, many people are listening right now, already sore it. If you haven't seen it, be sure to go out and see it. I noticed we got like a skeleton, kind of half a skeleton crew here today. A lot of people are playing hokey, a lot of people out for the holiday still. And it's worth seeing, believe me. The only problem is, and you're never gonna believe this, because it's 242 minutes. The problem with the movie is it's too short. And you remember Godfather II in the theaters when it first came out, they had an intermission. I'm sure that. And I don't know how long Godfather II was. I think it was like three, three and a half hours, something like that. It was longer than this one. And they had an intermission for a few minutes. And to give everybody a breather in a chance to go to the John and go out and buy more popcorn or whatever. This one also should have been about three and a half hours. Because many of the scenes, you get the feeling of their rushed. And like they're hurring into things, and there are a lot of lines that are dropped from the first two movies that are repeated. And they're not always like at the right spot, like Michael Corley on a sand duet, the nephew, he's saying, don't ever let anybody know what you're thinking. Just like Vito Corley on said to Sunny, at the once, but when they were talking with Salatu about dealing drugs, but he says it at a spot where it does make any sense. So you just get the feeling that there are a lot of things that are thrown in gratuitously, but it's only because they lack a time. But the only real negative out of the whole movie is Copa Luzda, I mean, how do I put this delicately? She is so bad and so ugly and so grotesque. And so smarty that only the ending of the movie satisfies you on this. I'm not going to tip it off what happens, but the ending is poetic justice, okay? In other words, if they do make God, Father, for she ain't going to be back in it, trust me. I mean, here's the guy I spend $55 million to make a movie. They didn't have enough money to pay Robert Duval to come back and quite frankly, George Hamilton the fourth, he was there. He didn't really do anything. He was just there. But they didn't have enough money to pay Duval to come back who's a great actor and would have added something. And he sticks his stinking little ugly daughter in there. I mean, she's got like, she's got lifts that are like up in the, I don't know, I've never seen a face like that in my life. Like she ran into a brick wall or something. And her cheeks, it looks like she borrowed all that cotton that Marlon Brando had stuffed in his mouth and Godfather one and she's got her cheeks all puffed up like she's got about like a, like a candle opening, it's cheek. And her lips are like, like a roadmap. They're like up in the, man, she is gruesome. Which makes you think that maybe Andy Garcia needs a good optometrist, huh? Crazy. Okay, let's do a little business now. It's 10 13. I've lots more to say about that. I'm sure that we have a few people already rushed out to see it yesterday and our, comellis house total as of this second. And I knew there was a lot of mail hiding in the closet in there, which you've just came in and we started going through that also. 90, $650 in with thank you all for this week. I'm sure we're gonna go over our $100,000 goal this week before even the New Year. So make sure you get those checks in the mail. Your check could be the one that puts us over 100,000 this week. Okay, make your famous. The most laughable shows on TV are right here on NBC. Tonight at eight, he's left the castle, but he's no wonder has a piece of the fresh prince Charles of Bellar. I'm very humble, I'm just not being dissonant. I'll hit you outside the head with my pillow. I'm going to. Then go from reference to rap sheets in parenthood. You're white, you cheated on a testing school. Well, yeah, I did. And that's my boy. Now give me a lunch money, you little creep. Then it's him. Hello, I'm Robert Stein. What does Dan Quail really do? At what point do the new kids on the block stop being new? What could Jane Fonda, Ted Turner, possibly have to talk about? Those are the subjects tonight on Unsold Mystery. The answer is the best TV's got to offer. Unfortunately. 10, 17 at WIW, do we could kill it for the entire market? We could just tell everybody the outcome of the movie and everything that happens. But we're not going to do that because that would be wrong. The most, see, one thing about the godfather, parts one, two and three that make it fascinating to me, is that so much of it is true. I mean, these are fictitious characters. All of a sudden, it's interesting in this movie to mention Luke Kasi, who's certainly was a real mafia. See, they were starting to bring in some real names. And also the Vatican banking scandal was like the whole movie revolved around that. And the mysterious death of Pope John Paul I. Remember he was like a Pope for about six minutes. And then all of a sudden, in perfect health, and he died in this sleep one night. And a lot of books have been written about that speculating, of course, that somebody made him and offer he couldn't survive. And the movie, of course, is verifies that. So I have a feeling, again, just like Godfather I, at the Catholic Church, is not going to be too excited about Godfather III that they're going to be a lot of wailing and gnashing in his story. But that, to me, that's what makes it interesting. Not too many years ago, used to get all these denials. There's no such thing as the mafia, it's just a word somebody made up co-synostra, whatever they wanted to call it. Now, of course, we know, right? So anyway, I'm sure that there are people who saw it. You know, we can find all kinds of flaws. There's another thing in any movie. Given the greatest movies, there are certain things you can find flaws like Bill Cosford, who's just a suit of intellectual. Although I'm surprised at Bill because part of this movie was filled in Sicily and in the Vatican. And usually any movie no matter what it is, that's filmed at least in part a broad or foreign film, Bill gives at least an automatically three and a half stars. And he wants up a two and a half out of four. Man, I can't wait for him to be on a show. What is he coming? Do we know? Are we working on that? Is he in town? Our crack production staff is working on that. Maybe we need Nick Lawrence back here at WOD. How many of that would do it? So anyway, now that's his problem, he knows nothing about film and he's just a suit of intellectual, a good guy, but he doesn't know crap. But the thing about Michael Corley on, he has, and once seen in the movie, he has a diabetic stroke is what they call it. And it's really kind of bizarre because they're like trying to hold him down. It looks like he's having a baby. Like something is popping out of his stomach and they're trying to hold it in. But anyway, he goes in a hospital and he's like, oh, just a wreck and barely survives. Kind of a Alamarland brando with the tubes out of the nose. And in the first earlier part of the movie, you can see that he's supposed to be in his sixties. So it's at least 20, probably like 25 years later. Maybe 30 years later after the second one ended. And he comes back home. And now in the last part of the movie, right up until the final scenes, he looks younger. Now all of a sudden he looks about 45 and his hair is dark. And I don't know what happened with the ran out of the great crap that they put on his head and the hair or what they'll happen to. He found a tube of grease and formula or shoe polish that Reagan used to use. But a second part of the movie, he looks younger all of a sudden after having this terrible illness. So that's another, you know, again, if you want a nitpick and find little problems, which you can, more so in this one than the first two. But like I said, if you're a real fan of the whole godfather saga and you really were into the first two, either when they came out or the younger people by watching on video tapes since then, it's picking up right where you left off. And there are a lot of characters who are back in there. And the interesting thing to me is that Connie, Michael Corley on sister, who was so hysterical. Remember at the end of the first movie, she was all bent out of shape because the Michael just had her husband Carl O'Killed. Now, she's like really the head of the family. She's like the kid, can we say titular head? Ooh, that's bad. I don't think we can say that, can we? If you say it fast, titular. Okay. But seriously, she's like a calm, all the shots. He's like, eh, he wants out. He don't want it all the stuff. She wants blood. Okay. She is heavy duty on all the revenge and blood and the pulp and all the other crap. Acting was excellent. What's the guy who plays Andy Garcia? That's his name. He plays Vincent. He was very good. Or is he play Vincent in his name? Yeah, whatever his name is. He was excellent. The problem with bringing back people other than Robert Duval from the first two is that most of the people were killed off in the first two movies. You can't bring back Tessio. He's dead. You couldn't bring back Clemens because Richard Castelliana's the actor played him and died. They brought back Don Thomas Sino. But obviously the guy who played him in the first movie 20 years ago is long since dead because he was like 75, 80 years old when they made the first one. So they had to bring another old fart back for this one. Who else? Sunny, of course, is dead. Frate always dead. All of we have a couple of scenes in there and then of course Connie tries to convince Michael. He didn't shoot him after all. Maybe he drowned whatever. It's great. I enjoyed it thoroughly and all these pseudo-electuals are going to say, eh, it's a bomb. It's not so great. Is this a movie? Can you refuse? Like it says on a friend there. It's fine. It's excellent. It's well worth seeing, okay? I mean, it's no Mr. D's goes to washing them, but it's not too bad. Okay, 23 after 10 at WIO did we got some calls on it already. So 75, one in day, five, two, four at WIO, D and Broward and 65, five in Palm Beach. Let's do another little piece of business. I'm sure we'll probably have some people out there who've already seen it. Now, what we talk about this, if that's what we're going to talk about, among other things today, don't ruin it for everybody else. Because I'm going to have to dump if you want to ruin the movie for everybody else in Sporley and they because that's no fun. I have a feeling though there will be a godfather for. I just have that feeling. In fact, this is the kind of thing there should be one every year. Okay, let's still take a call from Boka. Okay. Yes, sir. Yeah, you got me? I got you. All right, I'm going from New York, I'm visiting my friend Bob and Boka. Yeah. And I'm just like shocked that you liked this movie so much. You're shocked? I'm shocked. I was looking forward to it just as well you were. Yeah. Because I loved Godfather one and two. Right. And my son is 15. I had to talk him into seeing this with me last night because I said, you're going to love number three too. He couldn't understand why I'd like one and two so much. Did he see him? Oh, he's gone last week on HBO back to back. I'll tell you there were a lot of young people in the, um, or said theater yesterday and they seem to enjoy it. I can't understand. Thank you. To me Robert DeVao is the only person who's going to come out of this movie unscathed. There's a money problem. I think they couldn't pay him enough to be in this horror. That's my, well, what was horrible about it? Well, first of all, it was lastable at points where people I think were ranting in the theater I was at. And well, they were supposed to. Well, I don't think they were supposed to. I think we're just such a joke. Some of them dialogue were so foolish. You don't mood a Chris that unless people uncomfortable and enlapped nervous. Like what? Let me think about the, uh, particulars. All right. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm taking the truth now. I can't give you a particular instance of a line. The which money? Over 100 billion, $100 million gift from the VIP. The second night's storm gives a $100 million gift so we can get like a pin from the boat. I said this is outrageous. This immediately is preposterous. Why is that? $100 million. Well, he didn't just see, didn't pay attention to the scene where the archbishop who was offering him $500 million to take over the bank. That was for a couple of weeks. I understand, but the point is that they had billions of dollars at their disposal and that this was a regular thing. I mean, a well, for an addition, what difference does it make what the amount was? Well, the amount was tripped. Well, that was the point. The amount was purposely made to a preposterous total to show you how much influence with a mob and the mob he had over the Vatican. Well, it seemed ludicrous to me when I first heard that figure. Nobody makes a personal donation of that size. And he would be like exposing himself as the mob he had done that he wanted to hide from the public. But he wasn't the mob he had done anymore. That was years ago. He was legitimate to this point. Well, he was getting that quite. He was getting out and paying more. Well, he was out. No, he was out. In fact, the whole G seems to me you missed the thrust of the whole movie because because the, see in the beginning, I thought that all these people that were opposed to him taking over the Bank of Mobileari and making his deal were legitimate and turns out they were the biggest crooks because they were all the ones who were stealing and then the ripping it off. And then once he got in there, he got in there because the Pope at that time wanted to be legitimate. The first of the movie is the one line we said, the higher up I go, the more crooked it gets. The more Ron is there want to be. Right. When there was a line about politicians and gangsters, whatever it was, they know different. That's right. Right. He thinks how when these little intellectual lines or, yeah, but you see you're looking at it from like a pseudo-electrical, you must watch it with Bill Cosford, you must have. I didn't read anybody except this one in the Sun Sentinel who gave it three and a half stars. Yeah. I mean, even want to look for it more. Now the camera tones, everything with stock. I thought white from, you mean you mean to tell me Godfather won everything wasn't dark? Not when they were out the wedding scenes were right, when they were outside it was bright. Here was dark, even when they were outside. Not necessarily was dark. I'm not going to give away the ending. But how about that very last scene? Well, that's that, you know, many people when you're already in the last, the family last thing. No, I didn't laugh. I just wonder what the hell it was, it made you leave wondering that like there's more there that you're going to find out. I mean, I know what you're talking about. I tell you, I cracked up. People were screaming, thank God. And his daughter. People were screaming, thank God, it's over. No, thank God, he's also the end. The daughter was, I mean, there's no way you're going to get me to cover up for the daughter. Francis Ford Copa ought to be shot for putting her in that movie. And she is a fundamental part of the movie. And well, she's a fundamental disaster. She is the most grotesque. There was some broad on the CBS Morning News this morning. Mark McHugh and who's filling in the weather got a fat guy. Yeah, he was so time out. I saw it, he enjoyed it. And there was some woman on there. And she, and he, you could tell he couldn't stand Copa's daughter. He said, what about the daughter? He thinks she took away, you know, he was really upset with that. And this broad on who the hell she was. She's saying, oh, no, in fact, she was so natural. She didn't come on like an actress. And she came across like a lovely Italian girl. Well, I got news for you. If the Italian American defamation league don't get pissed off about that. Because if she's a lovely Italian girl, I'd hate to see it ugly. One, okay. Okay, that would man. You can tell me you didn't let. Oh, she wants you to listen. Sticker and the desert don't give her a map. That's all I can tell you. Okay, now how about you, I wall it. You're going to tell him. I'm glad you brought it up. He was he was awful. I'm glad you brought that up. His acting was the worst. Oh, he's he's about. I was a different movie than you. Huh? You're going to tell me I wasn't a dim. No, I liked the movie, but you're right. There are points or the acting his acting was terrible. You lie wallickers. Well, he came across about as Italian as my landscape. I mean, he was just awful. It was a, it was, it was. They're not going to be in that with all these dancing. No, there are two bad acting jobs. And let's face it up until the last third of the movie. He was hardly in a doll. He was like a joke. You know, he was like, you know, and she wasn't, despite he was the centerpiece of the movie. I don't agree with you. She was like, it's an animal. She is on the metal to the part of the movie. She's only found the metal because she's so ugly. Well, but him, what Andy got to see you have to give up. Now, was he, was he good? Was he excellent? Michael has to give up. We're standing Garcia, excellent. Well, Andy got to see you as a fine actor. But he was good. He was out for Chino great. Out for Chino, I looked at him. My body was Joey Lewis with Grey. That's taking pressure on out of our house. I thought, maybe it was Jerry Lewis. Maybe, you know, he's a midge of the water. I was ready for somebody for Joey's kids to come out and answer a donation. Well, they're busy in the Vatican. They're all alter boys. Listen, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Have a great life. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. See, now, I will agree with that. Some of the things he said are true. I loved it. I really did. I'm going to go see it again. And like a real movie theater with a real big screen. Instead of sitting in the third row with the, I would have rather watched it. My living room on my big screen TV. I mean, it's such, those little Mickey Mouse theaters. I'm sorry. But that's just not for that kind of a movie. Maybe okay for like, one of those garbage movies like Peter Rabbit or Roger Rabbit or whatever. I hope this. Okay, 1034. We have two upper lines in date County. Let's get with it today, huh? 751 WiodD and one in Palm Beach. 655. 9 4 or 6 or 3. Yeah, Eli Wallach was awful. I mean, not bad. Horrible. I kept thinking. I'm glad he brought that up because I forgot. See, I blocked it out of my mind. I kept trying to forget about that. He was an abomination. His acting was so pathetic. And so embarrassed. The pub's mug's dope. The pub's mug's dope. Guy didn't even address the pub's mug's dope. He'd like to smoke him as a... Okay, the arts bishop's going to be all upset. I wonder if you think the arts bishop is going to go see this? Man, is he going to be all better, shape, huh? Maybe he needs a loan. Speaking of a loan, our total now, just amazing. This is as of the mail that she's given me. I'm sure there's more in the building. 91,390 dollars for a Camilla sauce. Boy, we are doing it. Aren't we? You folks are doing it. We appreciate it. Keep that money coming in this week. I have a feeling. We got to like, oh, we can do it. We can really do it. If you put your head to the millstone, your thing to the grindstone. We can go over 100,000 by the end of this week. On, be believable. You know, I set that goal of 100,000. We did 78 last year. Knowing we had the tapes and the t-shirts this year, thanks to a t-shirt bob and the people that captured glory. But 100,000 is a lot of money to raise, especially in a year when money is tight. And people are tight and it's just not one of those great years. And we're just doing it. Just keeps rolling right along. 91,390 bucks. North Miami. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Okay. I was a third guy online at the California Club yesterday. Yeah. I was a third guy. You had your clothes on, though, right? You got it. Oh, okay. All right. I grew your assessment on the first two. Only I gave him a 10 or the 10. First two. This one, I give about a 7 and a half. Well, that's not so bad. I think she took it downtown the daughter. And the only thing I thought of when I saw Eli Wallick. You remember the old lesson shows? Yeah. They'll see it in the park. Arning Johnson? You got it with the cane and the white thing. That's what my daughter thought about. I think that's the go boom with the cane. Yeah. He was ridiculous. He was sympathetic. And rather than Jerry Lewis, I thought Al Pacino was Garface without the accent. Yeah. He looked exactly like the scene on the Scarface. He was good, though. But he was, he carried the picture. He was sensational. You know what I think? Also, I like, in a second picture, you got this, you know, who the bad guy is? Well, you know, I'm in Raw at the guy. This picture, they didn't get, like, I think, like you said. He rushed it. You didn't get enough into the loookay, he guy. Right. Into the guy in the church that was doing a number on him. They just like, skin on that. One thing I will say though, when I left, I thought, you just like the first one. You have to see it about three or four times before you pick up on your little nuance. They're saying about loookay'sy where he did the number with the eyeglasses. Right. That happens so fast. It happened very fast and there was a shot after word. Now who got shot? Uh, she's out of the middle. I don't know. She went out and running for anybody because we saw it and we don't know. No, but I thought you're not sure. Didn't go in there like on a suicide machine. No, he must have had a gun planted somewhere. Yeah. But that was amazing. But, you know, after what was said and done, I felt great when I walked out of there. Because it's nothing else. Connie remembered the canolees. Right. And this time she did it right. But like you said. I like the way when he said to her, you're so skinny. Why don't you eat the right? You're right. And she took it and she like, it was almost like a sexual thing. The way she like put that thing just the end of it. Well, I don't want to get to grab it. Oh, you're not saying, but I mean, she didn't eat any of it. She gave it a little, uh, something. Right. A little leg. That's exactly right. And then, of course, that was good enough for him because he was like me at a heavy abut. All of a sudden he's picking it up. Everybody at the opera sits there jamming down about 23. Yeah, he sure went nuts on that whole box. But at the end of the movie, he didn't know how to bite. Right. Who I love the opera. And also, there's a little nuance in there about the Michael Sun. Now, I don't want to make any suggestions. But when he started speaking and the first scene member, she brought him in. Yeah. And she wants him out. She wants him to forget about being a lawyer. He's going to be an opera singer. Right. And when he first started talking and his wrist started, uh, wagging in a win. I thought, wait a minute. I tried to tell us something here about Michael Sun. Right. And then she was reading when they were at the opera. And she said, we have a telegram or something from, what was the name from, um, Douglas or some man's name. Yeah. And says, I hope he sings better there than he does in the shower. On on on on, I think Douglas was the husband, a husband. Right. Her husband. I remember she introduced him in the first scene. His husband Douglas. When she walked into the first spot. Hitter with a low grip. And she was after a niece. Yogurt, selfie, Kylie? None of my watch making it call me kiya. You know, blondie, Kani? Not a Mack 40. Not a county. Uh, I thought that was, uh, that happened. That was the victim of call. That Thyã Keaton, probably. Thank you. You know, that was the witness. Douglas? Yeah. Butifyn keep in touch! Douglas? Yeah. you're getting, you know what the thing is, you have a tendency to try to compare it to the other right you're the two on time and and so you say great picture right that's right you know that's the problem you know what you're right I think you have to you know seeing it 130 times like it did the other two it'll be the same thing and the thing about the Vatican banking scandal I mean to me that's you know a lot of people who go went to see it they just want to see the violence and all the you know all that crap but the Vatican banking scandal and the mysterious death of the pulp and all this other stuff for this sure puts it right in there yeah well you know I don't know how many people realize when you saw that guy hanging from the bridge yeah back to thank uh that's the way they found them that's right hanging from the bridge yeah I think there's a lot more fact than fiction oh yeah I think I think you're right the Vatican's gonna give a push so I just put that a question yeah right I have a great one you too yeah yeah yeah all the arts bishops and the cardinals even the same Lewis cardinals and the finest cardinals are gonna have like a special screening on this baby I'll tell you that great part of it was it was only three bucks Matt and they yesterday three bucks how do they make all of that theater they should pay you three bucks to watch a movie in there I hate to do that because I'm sure that there are a lot of nice people are one at place and all it but oh man to watch a movie like that in a little rinky tinky a theater like that awful terrible but I will say this the crowd was well behave because before the movie started they started for some reason like 15 minutes later I have no idea why because the place was full I was you know nobody else is coming in it's back they had two of them open they were both packed and they started 15 minutes later and the thing is I you know I watch my satellite this every movie under the sun and I've told you for years that's the way to watch in the comfort of your home because you go outside and they're talking and they're hawk and a trinic and they're eating and throwing stuff around and doing them moving more often than not they're opening up a big mouth and we had a bunch of yentas from sunrise sitting in a robie hide me and much to their credit with a couple of exceptions at one point I understand Keaton but the pat but other than that they kept their big fat mouth shut because everybody was really engrossed in the movie I mean you really got into it until a daughter showed her oh man she I'm telling you I could do four hours on her face well I don't mean that no God for bed I could do four hours talking about her face she is like her lips not only are they like thick and like mealy but they like go up and like strange directions like a mountain like a like a range of mountains not just like a single peak but like up and all around and everywhere and her cheeks like like somebody has put a balloon or blown up something and stuck in the cheek she she's comical looking she's ridiculous and and here she's standing there she's so gruesome and Andy Garcia is like you just blown off the face of their global overhear just obsessed and of course she also turns out to be his first cousin so maybe he thought they grew up in Nashville or something I don't know anyway it's 10 to 45 more male look at out 91,390 by the way and we got more male here and I'm telling you by the end of this week we're gonna go over 100,000 this week and we're gonna dance in the streets we're gonna dance I was gonna say a kazanski but maybe we'll do like the Italian dance like they didn't move me yesterday they always have a scene where they're dancing and there were several scenes that were they're attempted obviously to be like a throwback to the first one and there were certain scenes where the music was even the same like there was some restaurant they showed and you remember the music from Louise in the Bronx and we're got farther one where they had the clandestine meeting wasn't Louise in the Bronx Louise no Louise in a Bronx Mr. Wise wasn't Louise Louise in the Bronx it even you even saw the sign that's at Louise okay Louise he's get out of here has sunny would say get out of here okay 1046 see I'm obsessed with the whole godfather thing so I probably cannot be objective and giving you my assessment probably people who are more pseudo intellectual like Bill Cosford and others will uh two and a half out of four what what is he want what the hell does he want God here's a mobile on the starline yeah yes sir I want to go see the movie yesterday yeah and uh I'm a shadow one to ten I give it a ten and a half really movie with X-ray so it's on friends at number five I thought it was great ten and a half it was it I was expecting a lot from the movie and it came through all the way and that but you know you've got it well I kept thinking that like in the middle of the movie I thought you know I'm because you you pre-judged based on all these reviews and you hear that some people thought it was mediocre and I thought boy I'm enjoying it I love it what the hell do they want I think it's great and really interesting and it's you know it's more like a true you know it's a true like movie about yeah the Vatican and the painting and all that stuff I mean it all it was excellent right he'll did you um but you would agree that there were some uh well maybe you wouldn't agree some of the acting no they just made me the Robert D'Oval you he needed the sidekick he had an uh impartial decide to correct they need a Robert D'Oval and they needed the Eli Wallach to uh get out of bus and go to the Bronx or somewhere to Louise and get shot early in a movie and the daughter now am I wrong about the daughter you're gonna think I'm crazy I think she was sexy oh oh oh I really thought I thought she was sexy what have you spent 20 years on death row at Rayford or something she's exactly I mean I'm exactly you're looking with those thick gruesome whips and those puffed up pants man okay nailed it you are did you see the part when he when his son was singing the other theme to the godfather but with actually telling words yeah that was great that was great and of course then he started thinking back to Appalonia right most people didn't know that they thought it was a song they didn't know that was the theme to the godfather something you know some of you I was with that in catch that oh yeah so um strange well what do they know but it was uh I remember yesterday was Christmas day so all the Jews went like me and saw yesterday all the agoing were celebrating Christmas so you got to keep that in mind how but it was a what did you know about a tag it was a good movie and and the scene where they uh with uh he uh had to be eating and he told everybody I'm out of the business you know and he gave everybody you know 50 million dollar checks here and there and right uh and then the chandelier started to check it didn't go too far and then that's the Eli Wallock you see the way he uh waddled out of there just just in time when the chandelier started to shake up yeah that was uh he he was terrible I thought I was embarrassed for him and he got to see a excellent great great yeah the scene we watched there's gonna be a godfather for any girl's show then you don't know you'll have that jury Lewis haircut in the next movie and uh it'll be great yep and let me tell I was I was wearing a hot about how they were gonna end the movie I think they ended it the only when they could I think that was the only way you can end that movie well you got to think about that ending I don't want to give it away right I don't think about it but a lot it just uh obviously there was a passage of time in there and right you got to figure out what they're trying to say but you got to think about it how I'll be in the movie and right more to say you got to end it without ruining it right and then it kind of paves the way for the next chapter when Francis Ford Copeland needs some more money right and when his daughter can't get another jam okay have a great 1049 and Wiod we have an open line on a star line star iod one on a Palm Beach line 655 I bet you that sometime between now and the new year Southern Bell might fix line five boy does it piss me off I can't believe how how this is like a at least close to a radio station okay may not be like for real but it's close to it and here we are doing a talk show and it's only a realized one out of eight lines but the point is it's just like they don't care they're oblivious like they got other things to do okay like a lot and uh do uh tap dances to jingle bells or something or play golf right let's get with it okay Bob what's his name mixing mixing Larry Larry mixing man you always for years you just you have taken years off my life it's Southern Bell you really have working with these Mickey Mouse phone setups that you people put together you got to be a shambi yourselves we had to turn you over to Clemenza sitting in the front seat we'll let Clemenza sit in the back seat okay we'll see what happened North Miami hello Neil yeah how's it going okay I went to the movie last night at several clock and I thought it was very good but people are having a problem with their heart identify with because it's like in modern times you know it's a lot more glamorous it's talking the 40s and the 50s yeah it's very easy to identify with you know the mouth yet error at that time when you look at it like in late 70s or whenever it's supposed to be people have a hard time with you know making romance at that new movie so I feel that's what's the way for me but I think it was still a great movie if you look at it objectively you know yeah so so I'm a skill I'll scale up 10 mode you give it well I wouldn't get 10 to the other ones either because I mean they have some bad acting in the first two if you look at some of the characters I mean Fredo it's horrendous and both of them I thought you thought Fredo was bad Fredo was what he was supposed to be we were going to win very loving but he used to stack on his lines to if you looked at and you know I mean I have both of these on tape and I watch at least once a year and I see that you know he wasn't really that well that's why he shot him didn't they they got even yeah but if you see what happens lousy acting it's shot right he hasn't been in anything else since so you know it's three that's a little bit it should have told Copa was daughter that before they started filming a movie you do lousy job acting he gets shot she was horrendous I thought her parents but if you go to Southern Italy you see a lot of people like that so you really can't blame you do have you been there yeah I've been there you've been a Sicily I'm not the Sicily I've been in Naples and stuff and it's very hard to Naples too I've floored yeah but I mean in uh yeah and April Florida well I'm never going to Southern Italy if they all look like that not yet ago but I'm very soon the movie I thought the movie was very good if you I mean compared to I mean they say good fellas is the best you know movie made in uh the mothia genre but I think this is a little bit it better because I mean the drugs took away from the glamour of good fellas too you know when you look at it in the later period I mean you saw it when they were a long time ago it would seem better yeah I didn't see that well I mean I noticed that mostly about gangster movies I did watch Miami blues a couple of nights ago on on Christmas Eve it was on cinemas or one of those I thought that was one of the most pointless movies I've ever seen in my and I watched it primarily for the scenery you know because I live here and I you know there was biscuit boulevard and it was coconut girl cool game but uh not too much and it was just it was pointless it was just gratuitous violence. Right I mean that's what and even Scarface it I mean he was pretty good in that but it just took away from being in the you know the drug era of the 1970s and stuff it just isn't the same as you know back in the 50s or 40s. Yeah okay all right thanks all of just hi the reason Fredo hasn't been in any more movies he died a kid or about eight years ago the actor played Fredo is dead John Cazzali are you serial now I vaguely ever remember something like that he died a kid. Well a lot of people from godfather one are dead almost everybody Richard Cattie is dead Richard cast a lot of us is dead the whole bunch of you realize that Joey Zazo was a um montania um what the hell is this personally the cosporno is raised about Joseph montania yeah that was him to one of these things is so wonderful well what did he do he didn't do anything well he was Joey he got his ear bitten yeah that was good I like that the point the only disappointment I heard I had in the picture I heard that there was supposed to be a flashback scene where Marlon Brando started singing the fably cares about you and we want you to remember be a part of our family but other than that scene being missing I thought it was a great picture yeah well on a scale of 10 I'd give it a 8.5 outstanding it was very good thank you okay now we're getting some of the people who aren't see if you want to go there and look at it as a movie buff for some kind of a critic like Bill Cosford then we can go in yeah Eli Wallach's dunk in the daughter was terrible and we can go in analyzer and like I said there were a lot of scenes that were rushed and you felt that this should have been like a 3.5 or 4 hour movie that just the timing wasn't the same as like in the first one where it seemed to be perfect but nothing in life is perfect right that's what the pope said anyway rich pactor who is now a superstar of course haven't been out with Rick and Doug sends me a review of godfather 3 from reviews magazine and basically it says this is no blood sucking ferro's in Pittsburgh but it's pretty good now it says do they give stars on these or not I guess they don't but the review is very good it says faced with the extraordinary task of recapturing magic you created 16 and 18 years ago Francis Ford Copeland the guy with the ugly daughter has come very close to completely succeeding with godfather part 3 while certain flaws may prevent it from being regarded as the full equal of its predecessors which are generally ranked among the greatest modern American films it nonetheless matches them in narrative intensity epic scope socio-political analysis physical beauty and deep feeling for its characters and milieu who used to play for the Montreal Canadians in addition it certainly is the most personal of the three for the director well it's because you got this whole damn family and there's father in his ugly daughter we have two open lines in a date 751 W i o d the Lord father is on hey nil what's happening yeah anyway I want to see it in the shoebox two yesterday yeah that was it and I thought that was I would give it a night deal what's wrong with that I think was a great movie two things a kill was the daughter yeah for the girl the had such as so many scenes he got to pick some money else but by you somebody who even at least even if she couldn't at least look good I understand like if you go back to godfather one apple owner Michael I think she could not but she was an act out she was a 45 on a scale of three she was beautiful so care if she acted on no she thought her co-saupec the audience passed out well so does the micro obvious obviously you went back in fact I think that's what apart did you catch the one flashback would have meant when he was sitting there and he was about frito and a boat not on a frito with the boat they that we had about three flashbacks of that that that seemed to me the moving thing behind his difficult in other as he could handle everything else he did but the one thing he couldn't handle like when it was confessing to the priest right and the one thing he couldn't handle was the fact that he had shot his own brother or he had a shot everything else it seemed he was okay I mean he had the shot people he had men shot but he shot he had shot his own his own brothers son his father son that he couldn't handle and I'm saying the reform between Andy got there but she know his right yeah and I tell you something you could see the way he he told him he would just like funny butt he he knew because of the way he handled himself that he could take an over yeah it was a group of the great well you could see in the beginning with the temper that he was just like sunny all of me that's very clear and but at least he didn't get shot on a causeway at least he took a better route that's right did you feel as a longer top 10 for the this year I mean the 90 one of the top five yeah I did so and another thing we want to touch space with you on Neil we were talking about last time on that about the kid that the second god father who is his name you would tell me about him the kid in the second god father I can God father that is the one to play to have the need remember you thought you told me you thought he was going to take an over the way he didn't come to the door for his mother I told you that yeah we were talking about it one piece that and I wanted to go out for the three comes out you thought he was going to be the successor I said that yeah because you said the way to grow one to the door remember Michael shut the door on it you had this conversation with somebody else no you you I would be yeah for go oh you're in a half ago what she's had a how do I remember that I can't even remember what horse I bet on Sunday night I'm supposed to remember that you remember I remember nothing only horse races from 30 years ago I remember like I was yesterday and Joe Ginsburg from the Tigers there you go thank you and my room Ginsburg have a great and Arne again's bird it's 11 12 at Wild were really godfather intensive today we make no apologies for it everywhere you look in fact on the news last night they were showing the scenes of the New York theaters they were in fact this bitch that was on this morning on the CBS morning news she was mentioned the fact that the theater she was standing online they were starting to have all kinds of disturbances and all these police cars had a pull up they were screaming and shoving and pushing you know in New York that's unusual a Corbin 16 at Wild I guess you'll have to twist your gizarm to eat little something Jeff is here from pizza loft and his wife made this beautiful painting for my house I can't I can't get over it was that before after the fillings came out during and before okay beautiful thank you very much and also a little eggplant enough for the feed the Chinese army and probably some stuff shells I bet for some of the other troops here boy what a guy and also Jeff is brought by police should get some good bucks for the repair of club tickets club seats for the blockbuster bull in Jojorabi Stadium which is coming up of course on Friday at 8 p.m. and also a preferred parking pass to go with it so here's a pair of club seats and a preferred parking pass now how are we going to do this we'd take beds and they'll have to bring the money in tomorrow like during the show because the game is Friday night so if you want a bit on these let's start at these are worth ordinarily huh oh yeah that's right plus dinner for two no charge at the pizza loft before the game so this is a worthwhile package because this would cost you now the ticket price that's on a ticket is 32 bucks but that's only because these people have the big bucks and a buy their seats ahead of time but ordinarily you'd pay 100 for huh for each seat yeah so that's worth 200 the parking pass of course is worth a million because if you don't have a parking pass go to the stadium forget it and of course dinner for two so this is a pretty good package of goodies here and the game is sold out and you can't get it anyway so let's get some beds on it okay starting at 100 minimum and hopefully get a lot more than that and we'll do that on the air just if you want a bit on a tell-jourge off the air we'll write it down take your number we'll see what's going on we do have an open line on the starline star iod if you have bell south ability and also pombie six five five w i o d plantation good morning Neil hi you know the mistake everybody's making is there and well I know it's going to happen veryably but they're comparing it to one and two exactly can't do that exact the movie stands on its own yeah and if it was made independently of those two films everybody would be ranting and raving and we'll see i i i compare it in terms of rating it but i also watched it with the idea of of watching it in a association with one and two not comparing it to it in other words does it fit in and does it add to it and does it then ongoing and it is and i was thinking when the movie ended if there's any movie that should have ever been a soap opera this would be it can you imagine if this was on for an hour every week how fantastic they could get an 80 share on that word TV with this with this saga it was great for whatever motivations couple ahead more power to all you need to do the money fantastic job considering 16 years in part two yeah i mean if you i know people go to the movies expecting you know luke bratsy swims with the fishes and comments starting the soft by the way you noticed the fish tank there's only one fish left and not only are the people all deadness movie but the fish are all dead too there's only one big fish in there and he looked like look a bratsy yeah right well anyway what about her acting though i don't and again i'm not trying to make me all i don't know if he's not coming there because we're known to write a quit and like you said she was the weak link and i think even mid-righty would have been better than her david writer you know she was so ugly yeah the guy who said that she was what did he say erotic man what he said she was erotic i think he meant erotic my husband said that they should have put the ending in the beginning and he would have felt better than all of you what i'll believe my god i tell you something i don't want to give that part of the movie away but before it happened yeah i was wishing it i was taking a oh man i went and happened i thought all my god oh a dream come true this must be my Christmas gift oh god my life yeah she was a really she was a weak her and you i want to be the most embarrassing the silliest the most ridiculous exactly silliest the word and i'll be honest you know he's touted he's always been such a great actor and the other one that they touted who since died since godfather two the one that played highman roth my arlan ski what was his name um stressburg we stressburg and who had the acting school and all the great actors uh studied under him i thought he was terrible i thought he was like a caricature of the character and out the same thing with the ywala ywala wala can this one ywala was also he had thinking he was wearing larynx two yeah he was a silly no but you know and they went and then went and turned out that he was one of the real um movers and shakers you know hard to believe because he was like a comedian you know exactly exactly and heart tell you sire she turned out to be a real love yeah but that was good though it was good because she looked apart she had that evil nasty hostile look and she uh she met it you know that's right she was always like hiding in the broom closet and then when he said okay i want the order right i'm asking for the order and he nods and said okay and he she comes in and he says it's all said and you can tell she's the one orchestrating everything oh yes she became the home of yeah in fact you can just see or sitting in a Vatican with a Pope having a little tea right now can't you absolutely yeah you know you know when you think about it this will be tacky for me to say it but i'm not making it up when you think about the fact that it was on Christmas day that's right i thought the same thing and it was such a poeticness incredible no but it was such an incredible indictment of the Roman Catholic church i mean just devs true dev and all true but devs dating you have to wonder if there aren't some people especially like archbishop McCarthy you of course has this skin so thin it's like paper you know yeah these people are gonna be hysterical oh no we can help for a part four like honey in the first movie there hysterical yeah part four is definitely you can see all the seeds are planted right yep no question and ending with x-horns only not 16 years later let's have this one next to you right okay thanks Neil have a happy you do 22 after a level at a wio do you getting any bids on these tickets for the blockbuster ball good 250 already great this is these are club seats these are like nosebleed seats these are outstanding club seats preferred parking sticker and dinner for two before the game at the pizza love how can you beat that with us and now David Bowie for preparation age flame you know my butt is really burning flame travel when is what it's turned and flame ends that hell of the union and flame flame God forbid if you're a trucker flame but first like a mother flame got some help you poor old hey when you can't sit on a problem do a David Bowie does try preparation age available at the finest drugstore's and drugstops nationwide yes you may see this Jeff 26 past 11 at wio do we have still a star line in the Palm Beach line what have we got 250 on the tickets for Camelos house okay let's go to Alex Jr. okay after I saw that good test daughter of gross the right here gross especially when they're seeing because and I love you cousin oh oh yeah you had to wonder about him full bad son he would have been embarrassed that was gonna tell you that shot that you heard with the glasses yeah they shot the messenger they shot the messenger after he got the glasses you know yeah they shot them so in other words it was like a suicide mission right right what do you want to ask you well that's loyal to that guess huh I guess who was that guy on the train that was Alan Yuri that's one of the bodyguards he was in Austria who was he supposed to do it he was on a way to the Vatican to see the Pope don't remember they fixed up the tea the Pope for the new Pope it'll tea at night members he came in she said he need a little tea to help you sleep right and then he didn't wake up he had a heart attack and then also he shot the I mean this isn't giving anything away because it's not that he shot the arch bishop on a stairway that's what he didn't remember he had the thing he had the thing with a candy in the box thanks Jeff yeah remember that but I didn't know he was on the right and he took the top layer of the candy off and it was the gun in the bullets in a candy box so as a dangerous movie to be eating and whether was the canola or the candy it was a good time to be on a fast you better not be eating during that movie right well yeah and now I guess it makes sense next time at the Vatican it'll have Jeff Peter from pizza law after lies up a little bit yeah we'll see I think I think you're right they kind of like rushed especially like the bad guys when they should go to money and all that stuff yeah really really didn't know exactly who they were yeah they needed another 45 minutes no they really did what have been they wouldn't have had an innovation but another 45 minutes this movie could have been better than either of the first two but kept rid of the dollar for 16 minutes oh that's not for the demand she was just uh i i and they kept showing her in such a way they kept photographing her great yeah close and you could with the lips that those bizarre like she just like somebody had busted her in a mouth and they covered it up with makeup yeah like she had a stiff upper lip you know and with those cheeks would do I jribbles in him or whatever was in there maybe that big lady can snars come in oh god as she grow task and when I got when one guy said she was erotic earlier I almost why have my appetite for life yeah well see that that girl I don't know if you know there's there used to be a gaysian and on mtb no known as remote control she had been under you know they have a pimple on there they have a one they basically dad like a pimple on there yeah in the show she used to be there and they had her on for like a week she doesn't even call she don't even qualify as bimbo i'm telling you or bimbeck she just um i'm i'm serious i can't get over it other people in the cast must have been gagging yeah true oh can help it but i got a tell you i i'd give it a bottle of neve i'd say not bad you know i mean you know it could have been a little better but i guess this guy will start for for time i heard that that he you wanted to release it later in the year and he was rushed yeah they kept predicting it was going to be postponed and he just um he wanted to on christmas day he's desperate for the big bucks yeah and i think that i think they reflected it now if he would have gone to the Vatican and seen her right people over there he could have probably gotten 600 million no problem at all but he knows what's going on yeah okay yeah have a good one i'm easy 11 30 a wio d one open line in date one on the starline one in pombie cheer on the day after we have still 250 is our hybrid on these tickets for kmillis house per a club seats parking past dinner for two at pizza loft and a partnership in a pair tree for the big blackbuster bull by the way everybody of course are great welcome for joe paterno's family here in fortlottardale over the weekend is 22 year old son came down to see the game with Penn State walking around on the strip in fortlottardale gets mugged gets robbed in fortlottardale and the interesting thing is that Penn State decided to stay in fortlottardale because there was too much crime in Miami date county two uh bad reputation drugs in crime we're going to stay where it's safe in Broward in beautiful fortlottardale millions all over europe have already thrilled to his magical music and now he's coming to america rackerel proudly introduces zinn far master of the slide whistle now share with that special someone the sensual sounds of the romantic slide whistle yes it's zinn far master of the slide whistle and if you act now you'll also receive zinn far out slide whistle hits from the sixteenths that it is our limited so order now zinn far master of the slide whistle and zinn far out available on the i8 tracts okay let me 34 that's a little reprise of some of the Christmas music we had on a co-host over the holidays boy they had some of the smartest sounding stuff on her anyway we have an open-lighted pombie six five five nine four six three six five five w i o d i'm not gonna put the card in there it's so i need to have the other stuff in it like that right okay let's go to Davy hello hey Neil how you doing okay Neil I can only give it a six okay well listen I'm not looking for a agreement here today let's have some interesting our our human to about this then I'll tell you a full of cramp all right well let's first look good follows with better and well I didn't see good follows the movie went downhill as soon as Joey saw the gut shot he was the star there he was the star oh he was great when he was doing his runny dainter field of the station he didn't great that was great and I got a question I can't just stand the Thomas Cino's supposed to be brilliant old guy right yeah so how come when he's in the car and he sees the the cursey he announces hey you guys are killers oh he course he gets killed well he's all timers uh oh that was the reason he's got Italian all timers I got you and I have to admit a couple of dollars so ugly I couldn't finish my popcorn oh man uh there were a lot of people of filling the boxes back up when she came on a screen you know what you couldn't take your eye off of her though she was that ugly I could easy couldn't take her eye your eye off her lips and her cheeks that's what got to me the lips and the cheeks yeah she had that it was the mouth rush more in the right corner man have you ever seen anybody in your life with a mouth like that uh well I got a month like that's for sure she was bizarre uh it was bad but other than that it was enjoyable well six isn't like the end of the world no not bad but definitely see good follows well I'll see what it comes to my satellite somewhere you got it okay if I have a good one you too cool springs hi now how you doing yeah first time call uh uh sort of movie yesterday yeah a couple of things I'm going to couple of the spa the played a conductor in the first uh party scene when they're celebrating can give you a hundred million boy that was the conductor he got them all in there yeah what a man yeah and um also if you don't know I don't think you mentioned it when uh I see a comcini doesn't it isn't on the invitation list mm-hmm and the come to a mother that's the original actress I think to play Sunny's lover and the first yeah you're right no I did see that and uh you're absolutely right kind of the subby uh yeah she's doing something if she wasn't the first right well one thing about I say that about Sunny and his family they at least have consistently bad taste also I enjoyed the wife and I enjoyed the scene where um you think back to the first the second movie when uh one uh young co-ed the one he's going to become the godfather and it's following uh I think it's done cheaty yeah right right and that's the same kind of scene now when uh Andy Garcia's going to kill social that takes the steering the same holiday he's walking the street nobody's greeting him and uh during that same kind of festival yeah right they do the same oh yeah there were a lot of of similarities like I said the scene with the restaurant or the look like they were put on the music was the same and right it was um it was great it kind of takes you away back I also enjoyed it then when uh uh you have the argument in uh front of uh Michael uh Vincent is fighting with social and Vincent uh screams and uh he might go get some of his uh temper just like his father yeah but the thing that I mentioned is before the thing that the guy there was a scene just before he had the uh diabetic uh stroke or whatever was supposed to be was kind of a bad scene there but yeah I didn't know what to say too much right you'll afraid of afraid of it but but the son uh or the nephew uh Andy Garcia said something the first time and then Michael got very upset about it was screaming at him and then he said it the second time and he walked over to him and there was nobody in the room except like maybe like Al Niri and they were like the inside people and Kani I think was in there cooking in the lasagna and he walked over and said never tell people what you're thinking and it didn't make any sense in other words it was to bring back that line the Marlon Brando said the sony but it wasn't the right time for it didn't make any sense. I got one of the things that I got a couple of quotes ago and then Stan was happening. He said that was Michael who wanted to post kill. Right not no I said that. Oh you said Michael what I didn't think so I thought my feeling was he didn't care in other words when they took him out of the opera and they had that little powo there and he said you know they're men uh gonna try to kill a pope and maybe too late in this and that my feeling was he didn't really care as long as they got vengeance on a archbishop and got him out of the way because he was doing business with all these other people who were standing in their way to take over the bank. I thought he I thought that he had never told him that the deal was going to go through the pulp it said that the new pulp said that the deal goes through but Mike said it might be too late to say it might be too late saved as pulp. Yeah you all I'll have to watch that again. Yeah I was just just just when he put reviewing. No I didn't see it I see that he would give it to uh three and a half out of four and Cisco. Well I don't think it would one is the fat one which is the story. He was the one that both liked it one and I'm like the door to one and I'm getting one hated the door to the fat one like the door to the fat one like the door to the fat one like the daughter well I think he would like the daughter because he's you know he doesn't have good taste in those lines anyway. And what Cisco said is what you've been saying I said also to my wife is he said that he's ordered the second time like the better he's going to go back to third and fourth time and like the better I'm better. Oh absolutely it was definitely that way with one and two and this is one where things go by so fast and I don't know what what what the idea did you see it I was at the old the uh smaller core sprints more. It would know how big is that theater uh it's I think it's been about 500 oh so that's not bad yeah and it was the one I saw it was like a like the inside of a bandade box I mean really strong I've been a type in to the mistake oh the interview time man I wonder they're changing the name of it I mean it's just uh you know there are intentions are good but I can't see a movie like this in a theater like that. Also when the introduces the uh I guess it's the Archbishop or the pardono to uh Haken and his wife Haken son right and so he would love to be in the Vatican no problem we can get a job in the Vatican from 100 million to get a little bit of hope of course no problem anyway enjoy to that given an eye okay thanks thanks see there's a nine how do you like that that's what I gave it I said the first one's a ten the second one's a nine and a half or nine and three quarters and this one's a nine what they hell is wrong with that especially for lousy three bucks what else you're going to do go watch blood sucking ferrows in Pittsburgh I can't believe it that's really the name of a movie we have an open line in date 75 one one on that star line if you have bell south mobility good luck to you star i o d boy that was great that lunch I haven't indulged in any that i o i was the eggplant and a couple of very small garlic rolls and some of the mushrooms and sauce so us and the reason I had to do that is we're a godfather intensive today what would this show be without a little bit of Italian and digestion to go along with it right boy did you notice when they showed the scene it was in a Vincent's house and there was a scene of the stove and uh on the stove there were three pots and one of them there was tomato sauce you could just see inside the upper part of the pot and there was the tomato sauce okay so you know it was kosher surf side yeah hello this is max well again how you do okay max well i saw that movie and they say couple of doors you rodic I didn't say that well that's what they're saying or somebody said they'd he wondered said it earlier on the show and bishops more you rodic than her exactly they'd be elis is more erotic than whatever her name is she looks like a bloody antida yeah anyway just come back to Manchester and I wrote in Italian didi about door of the lifeguard you want to hear it how long is it oh it's very short okay well i mean they didi well to Italian sounding you know from it's a mori by demotin because of like this you know he's an actor and lifeguard he's his man and he gets hard he's a daughter and i'm the goes on a little further but i don't want to try up the ear to go well that's good a tata we have two upper lines of both and date county 75 one nine four six three we ought to get him and in together you know what they would make it the match in he ever gee Michael McCay on a phone that is wow George Bell is Jewish I believe absolutely Neil movie was great you saw it I saw it last Thursday at a preview and it was momma the ha another one of these radio freebie you know it now you're talking about a re-wizited I get a real theater movie co-teater on uh I'm staring nice theater with a bright screen yeah they two colors you have were right uh the uh Michael Corley only wants the Pope to live such a deal you'll see it when you see it again okay i i well that part because my mind was racing at that point because i kept wondering i'm still confused you know the guy that was gonna shoot him from the balcony right and he uh he you know why the how they wait so long in other words he had the sights on him there and uh then he waited and waited and waited then he finally gets ready and he's already gotten up and the movie needs it's they looks over there and it's the uh the priest is sitting there right I think he was waiting for the crescendo to mask the sound well he who hesitates is a lot exactly also uh the daughter is just gross that lip thing oh the lips and the cheeks is a matter of fact looks like there's a relationship to it looks like somebody has pushed in mashed in her lips and mangled them and as a result all the suction went up into her cheeks and just bolted them out she may be probably to pull the tooth out with a door knob and the door swung back into her lip yeah something like that yeah either that or she's been sucking on helium one of the two hey i want to thank you for two good books you've turned me on to the days for loan book which i read a few months back how stand and i'm about halfway through high trees oh man it's excellent if i have to read another damn oxipidal role by gonna go crazy can we get uh can we get a movie about uh high trees and can we get that made into a movie you think so and i was just reading high trees and you know and then i went to see the godfather and it's practically the same thing yeah right we're different different characters different part of the world but the same general but it's great well that's all like anything more have a great one all right see my okay ten minutes after twelve a wild we have an open line in brauerd five two four mob and a starline in pombie chamas confess a lot of us we're not doing that bad today considering the fact that it's the markets up almost ten points by the way considering the fact that it's the day that everybody's back to the shopping centers all you people in retail who may be out on your lunch hour and your car is trying to get your brains unscramble our serious condolences to you okay how'd you like to be working in retail on this day oh man all you assholes out there that want to slip to the stores today to take stuff by what what what's the rush why not wait a couple of days and woppy is crowded the sales people behind the counters woppy has grouchy and hysterical man what the hell is it you're like sheep you're like a flock of sheep god every year it's so damn predictable like the busiest shopping day of the year the day after Thanksgiving the second wildest day of the year is the day after Christmas when everybody's going back to do their exchanges and refunds and just be and isn't that ironic yesterday's that they were all supposed to be nice okay somebody forgot to tell the guy in the godfather that we're all supposed to be nice and today is the day that it's okay the day immediately like the minute the clock hits midnight the little hand it's the big hand bill that's it now you can be a jerk you can be obnoxious get online go to the store and give them a hard time I'm on my money back I'm on the right size carry on like some kind of a machugner okay it's 11 past noon at wiod thank god we don't do that here on the airman we'd be uh now listen we got 48 minutes to go on the bidding on this we got 275 of my correct on the outstanding paratickets Florida State Penn State whatever state you want we got it okay Friday night Joe Robby Stadium two great club seats preferred parking sticker personally embossed by Jeff Cohen from pizza lock and free dinner for two of pizza lock before the game 275 is our bid right at the moment money of course I'll go to Camilla's house and our Camilla's house total as of this second I can't get over it 92,000 and 70 bucks maybe the archbishop could couple of some few bucks for the home or something that's terrible prop week my voice is weak or you'll be very excited to know that al martino is back again huh yeah and speaking of little subtle scenes in there it's interesting he starts singing a song and of course at that point Michael gets out of the room because he cannot stand the way al martino sings he goes into kitchen for a little conference and he's singing a song just for him he said they'll be back at loss but Connie now remember he was singing it Connie's wedding and Godfather one and Connie came over and she was like spelling from him she was just in she was down on the knee and she was a certain he's singing a song and she's like emoting and then she did the same exact thing in a very subtle way in the scene yesterday so these are things to look for when you go out and blow your three bucks or five bucks at the movie theater okay let's go to candle hello yeah Neil this is a Vincent Coyoni and I like the reviews on the show and everything but yeah I think he should have some respect for my late in the night what you doing and Vincent you should have been in our last remote we had some certificates for eyeglasses you know you must have inherited your finest eye sight Vincent I think they should have given their glasses to build cars or you know what I mean yeah who and a half stars that's pathetic but I think that if you want to get on somebody you should get on a Georgetown what's in because uh there of a waiting buddy of anything he said he could have been like a park a book in a background he did another to help the family and it's all the very interesting story that I'll show you a great okay Vincent okay I'll reveal their joy or lasagna okay we're down a three-sticken call son of board which I think means we probably should just play this music the rest of the what is it 300 300 bucks on a ticket huh wow call came in long distance from the Vatican I wonder what that means for sending somebody over to see the game no seriously we got a $300 bid will take them out for another 40 minutes to want a clock and then that's it and then we'll have these waiting for you tomorrow at our office here at the wonderful island dreams we have two open lines in date county 75 one nine four or six or three seven five one I love them you so I'm gonna die what are you doing are you gonna mess up my log now oh boy go right ahead it's a day after Christmas no Sicilian can refuse any offer of the day after Christmas that's what we're told okay let's go to lottery a lake hello hello yes sir how can I forget Frank are you wearing your zuba pants yeah I gave them to the queen and she's also got a sticker unbelievable while that's great she'll love she'll look better than ever oh wanted to be your first cooler today I've got up real early and every think to come on the smoke friends that and what happened I bloody car wouldn't start your bloody car no it wouldn't start couldn't you people sure have away with words you know what I want to talk about the godfather I was there yesterday the first in line I love them good film you don't worry your zuba pants the movie did yeah no thank god for that you had a suit on I thought like a call on yeah you know what was funny I didn't let me ask let me ask you a question before you go ahead and give your you analise this film are they British very much into the godfather oh yeah very much are they I love all that gangster stuff yeah oh yeah you know what was funny when I was like those bloody movies I don't know where you watched it I heard you watching some shoebox but I watched it and all shoebox with old mother Hubbard I watched that call rich more they own federal and out and park on the corner that you know that movie theater where's it call rich girl call rich more call rich can't I am see movie I'm federal highway yeah that's it that's where I saw the exorcist the first time that's a years ago and when I went in there were young people coming out throwing up all over the planet I'm not joking about that there were people coming out showing up while I was waiting online to go see the exorcist yeah did you ever see that yeah I see that yeah well you British are big in the piece of animal would you think if you like well it terrible did you yeah you got like to mean it was a good about in the ugly you liked him yeah and a good about in the old it was a very good no but Joe was funny at the beginning of the movie the whole page of his dead silent and then the music come up and everybody started laughing and got excited yeah right well there was a lot of anticipation the only thing in our theater they what is with these commercials and movie theaters now you know I don't usually go out to these movies because I have the satellite dish and I'm keeping I watch him at home but they have all these commercials Joe's trucking it comes on like for two seconds and then there's another one comes on for Emma's uh and I'm a bag and that's right oh man I don't want to see that crap and then all these things about no smoking and the theater they don't know how to show movies anymore like they used to you know they don't know what that they watch you that every thing was a bloody movie good as thought right used to be years ago there was always a double feature and first there was cartoon yeah that's right it was cartoons then the first movie would come on then in between there would be previews of coming attractions and then there would be a second feature it's been like four and half five hours and then there would be great you know for like a buck two bucks it to make yourself sick with candy and popcorn it was tremendous now they shove it in a little shoebox there and it's uh I don't know what are you still in London this is your two movies an almost film then the main film but now I like you saying they just tickle these stupid body commercials up he done I think too much body stuff in there so I bet you had the hotse for uh uh copal is daughter uh wait what is your name I got to get her name right her name is Sophia Sophia yeah she played Mary Coroleon that's yeah but she was like that one son he would do and the first got father when he took up stairs she just looked like uh he was ugly yeah only much uglier much well listen our next remote is a week from Friday a colder race track tended to okay where are your zubapans okay you'll stand out in the crowd have a great day Frank and you take care of your show see I'm reading this review and review magazine and it says not only grew them about wall I could just mention him in passing that he's impressive he's about as impressive as a puppy compo on a today show it says the film's main flaw unavoidably is Sophia copala in the important but not critical role of Michael's daughter ungainly afflicted with a valigural accent and not an actress who can hold her own in this August company the director's daughter simply doesn't cut it uh huh this right is the picture's made romantic element uncompelling and essentially unbevelable and undercuts the force of the ending unfortunate casting decision was made after the original actress when owner writer had to bow out at the start of the production and created a feroir within the company said to say the naysayers were correct need we say more I like not the very very diplomatic ungainly it says yeah ugly is death tamarack in the oh yeah i'll be able to about the history pre-fist yet out moving when they were making that movie and my narrator writer was cancer work I thought like most people look at her she's really an up and coming from she's attractive and I think it's a disorder fetal she can act she's really very good at she's pretty the thing was she uh my insight highly with she had a nervous quote quote her with break down so her boyfriend johnny depth flew in picked her up one step carried literally counterout and we're back to California where we're going to have a but going so she got she's a broke down for what reason I have no why she'd probably saw him in Edward's sizzer hands I think he couldn't handle the makeup right she's a freaked out whatever didn't give her a real reason I can find a work business with no why she couldn't handle it uh anyhow I think whether it really made her a major star yeah yeah she's very well known now but that would have really put her over the top like yeah that could have been a great role that's right because you think when she her hair is dark and she's got that kind of uh all beneath complexion that she would have been perfect uh albess and sorry albess or complexion she was a beautiful for that part yeah purely physical she can act so that would I really hurt so when I have a feeling she wouldn't have said don't spend it at all in one place quite the same well wouldn't I quite the same input she might have said I won't say that line yeah right I think I would trade like like that reviewer just said it did trade it trend it's back and then said now you gotta realize that it's a particular point time literally literally millions of dollars are being already been found this production right see how he was for the friends with work couple in his house actually being taken over by treasures right his fingers are going to be shot you got his major stars he's out trying to get at that point just the worst way to explore the rubber do vow can't get him so he's panicking right the production is very not trying to commit a trouble so the guy was right so what he did was out of like you know in the sense he can't the first person he can't know he foot if you're a little back his daughter started with him another production members the old stories yeah okay that was a disaster too and he was in it again that was a no think back that was to Woody Allen phases for cover and I think maybe Pippama or had a little bit then yet and that movie is disastrous he was horrible not the reviewers if you're married you think back the reviewers came down so hard on her not movie he was terrible it's like a complete psychophantic delivery I'm getting well let me say this to you even if her acting was good what she couldn't act away out of a paper sack which quite frankly she should have the sack over her head but even the for acting was good her looks are so grotesque I mean if she was playing a different kind of a role I can understand it you know but in this particular kind of a role like Apalonia was in a first movie she was supposed to be a real hot piece okay and she looks like death on wheels I mean she just grew some so her looks detracted from it so tremendously the even if she could act it wouldn't make any difference I think it's hard to believe I say this but the mere casting of her I think actually I like to say I just could add a half a point on to the total of this movie oh yeah and like it's the ideal situation if you would have had her in a way or an opportunity to do about what it would have been able to have another it would have been a bit of a 10 I don't know if people would appreciate what it absolutely master be like you thought what citizen can or got farther one right been a masterpiece yeah because it was all it's floors and it had some the act of the writing of it you got to think about hopefully it's always on the directed you could be corroded right you can some good music is I mean even I like his father's care music is great yeah oh he gets a lot of birds for when you're in being right so what I'm saying is this is just one of this production company here at the back you would feel whether the new one's person that was his daughter I mean you could have got some other one no and I think he should have gotten another one I attract one so saying like you said he just he couldn't act it attractive one no would have been attractive so in court see what my attractories that oh I see why she can act but she's good looking right so that's the point I have to make it the history before if you have seen the story here this is probably a total disaster all the for the indicators are right when they said this is the week point in movie forget about here I want that small potato oh the major the major a killy sea all the movie that could have been a perfect can it was like not a call and he keeps falling off the hype me yeah like you know it's not a one otherwise you're a perfect movie found but other people said this would be a perfect set up for godfather for oh yeah I predict and I'm about it you know I'm not an expert right but it this will be a continuation got father for godfather five with Andy Garcia becoming the older don't it'll be it'll be perfect because this is a kind story that's one of the most it can be told forever right tonight you bet okay thanks a lot fine okay 12 35 and we hope that Sophia Coppel is listening in today from the west coast we have an open line in brown at five two four one on the star line star i o d and pombieches his dormit as a church mouse if we can say that today on the day after Christmas 65 5 9463 65 5 w i oh I'm sorry w i d highly yeah Neil how's it going okay Neil I saw the movie yesterday and I loved it well okay I just I just feel like the way you feel about talking to the way about George Hamilton yeah how do you feel about George Hamilton I hate George Hamilton but the again I see if Robert Duval was in it that character could have been given a more meaningful role and it would have added something to the movie that's what George Hamilton didn't he didn't detract he didn't add he was just there and thank god they had enough sense not to give him a lot of lines not to let him do much he was just there which is all he needed to be and unless we saw him the happy or I was I don't I don't like him he didn't fit in there with them we didn't we didn't find out anything about him or what he was supposed to be and that's fine of Neil your audience is missing a lot of the movie um when we don't want to give it away not a little bit when they go to the board meeting um the guy tells the guy gets killed at the end by uh by suicide uh the guy who comes in sticks uh the thing in him he's the one that's running everything he's uh the main mafia guy who um in Italy looks it look hazy look hazy right and don't come a scene or he got killed uh the guy goes up to Michael he tells them I want revenge I want revenge I want to do something and he goes one day I want to ask you for a favor that's the reason he went over it's a suicide mission he's doing it um for revenge for killing don't come a scene oh I see that's why he went and the reason he didn't know that see that line again there was so many points there were throwbacks to godfather one because remember in godfather one uh Marlon Brando says and they're opening a scene he says someday and that they may never come I'll ask you for a favor uh you know it's changed for uh this justice but by and then of course when Sonny gets shot on the causeway they take his body to this guy who's the funeral director right right no they they're always asking for favors for for things that they do and and the reason I heard you mentioned earlier the reason that um that he tells uh that he tells uh Vicente um don't tell the people uh the way you feel is so that he learns even if he's on front of his sister on front of the government trust that people that godfather sonn't supposed to show anybody the way he feels he's supposed to keep it um so that line house meeting everything is father taught him he tries to teach it to um to uh to the to the godfather's gonna be he's kind of grooming him to take over for it and the reason they put the gun inside the candy he's gonna go to the Vatican so he's got to walk in and he's gonna be searched so he won't you know he wants to get it through you know there's a lot of little things that you know like you say when you see it the second time I see I see both movies like 16 times and I see this one about four or five times like and really understand the time you see you see wait when you see this one four or five already no I want to you know I want to see a four or five times so that you know I thought it was great I don't think it's like one or two but you know standing on its own like you said it's you know it's got father okay so there's a little bit there's there's some funny parts where you know and and one or two nobody laughed and the movie where I went to see it there's some parts there that people are actually laughing and you know and some people are saying well they were laughing and it wasn't supposed to be funny that's a lot of crap for example and they early part of the movie where uh Al Pacino is is making fun of um Andy Garcia because he's so much like his father he comes in and he's having their try to make some peace and right away he's getting temperamental flying off the handle and he's he's mocking him and that's it's funny it's there he don't think it out I'm gonna go listen to some 20 minute records right you know some some parts are and I thought I'm all my money you know you know I think you got to be loud and to feel the way but I thought I thought she was great I liked I like the daughter I went away to wait a minute I waited a minute I'd wait a minute I would I thought you you thought she was a track I'm like I'm the Garcia I'm Cuban I thought you was great looking I would have you know I would I'm kind of sad they killed her Airbee Cuban guy who is listening right now is impaling himself with a letter opener or some sharp eye don't think you're telling me that Cuban guys have tasted that bad even George is stabbing himself with a store that he had nice lips nice body I mean I I like that I think what you had in mind is already been done too many times in a past is why her lips look up she's like oh man you know what her you know what her lips look like you remember in godfather one after Al Pacino got smacked in a head by Makoski got with a black eye and his whole his cheek was all blown your lips were all like often oh that's what he looks like without the punch in the eye oh no she's like oh whoo and those cheeks well I love the meal that was good talking to you okay here man you killed good guys man I hope that he wasn't speaking for you George says count me out oh she I mean it I just it's detracted from the movie when you go see it if you haven't seen the yet which is most of you when you go to see it and you look at her it will detract because you'll keep you'll keep first of all try if you've eaten lunch you're dinner already you'll keep trying to keep the food down and secondly you'll keep thinking consciously that why did he do this I mean to such a great epic that he's put together here these now three of them why did he allow nepotism in his personal feelings interfere with his judgment I mean she just oh sensuous lips even my dogs would kick her out of the house I'd guarantee oh by the way just want to say this the movie was started like I said at my theater at the Merceteer 50 minutes late yesterday and I've got all these ads that go up there for a joist plumbing and ads toilet bowl fixing and I just I mean it's crass the way they do things in all the movie theaters today and people are starting to rattle their popcorn in their cage I mean all right we've been sitting here of course everybody got there early because the place was packed so you've been sitting there already 35 40 45 minutes let's get going and now the lights have already gotten a little bit dim now they go completely dark and there's that black background and it says paramount pictures presents and all of a sudden there's like a hush hermins hermits is singing there's kind of a hush that falls over the theater and then in the background now the music is great but it's all like it's like a variation of the music from the first to movies but different but it's great and then all of a sudden in the background behind the paramount pictures starts and you can hear everybody in the audience gasping for oxygen for some of more from sunrise so there's to be expected and at that moment on you should be in heaven okay because those of you who are realficionados of one and two I mean what the humwork and you want right so she was ugly and he l wallick was a statue and George Hamilton's a pot we already knew that okay mobile in boca yes sir I'm a first time caller and he's still in one of portable phones a city a Sicilian with a portable phone you're a direct line to the Vatican okay I was born in justly 1945 and came over in 1949 and you weren't born in Corleoneiway well nearby actually was one of the little city called shape alloo which is between polar milmesina polar mole yes true and I have family still there but we want to get into that mm-hmm I'm gonna see the movie this afternoon with my wife um what do you think what do I think what well I gave it a nine nine out of scale of ten oh wonderful I give the first one a ten the second one a nine and a half and this one a nine well I need your help because I can't remember where my favorite scene from one and two came from if you play that are you playing the music I'll do this again go ahead Michael I'll be remember he confronts close to you and you enemies even closer that was it yeah yeah what where is that from manoeu where was it from yes you well obviously from the first one because Marlon Brando wasn't in a second one George has the first one that's great George good work I don't remember I mean I can't believe I can't remember but there was in a question I can't remember well we're getting old Michael gets very old at the end of this one okay real old yes I have an old right now and I'm out of material news having a good time my friend tell them we give them three and a half points on a game Sunday okay 1258 at Wio D we have an open-minded Broward County 524 Corlyone 524 Wio D can we have brought back fat Clementsa one more time he did an a job but it was can only he'd probably say that guy man four-laterdale yes I know yes sir yes I'm just a little curious if the real garb father had found out that his daughter was stopping the cousin uh would need had him castrated and well I think he was so glad you know in spite of all his protests stations I think he was so pleased that anybody even looked at her I think that the sublimitally he was fighting those urges oh maybe right and and number two did you see it yes would you agree with me that she's one of the most ghastly things ever to walk the face of your unbelievable even big foot would look at her from from a distance a giant king kept saying throughout the entire movie what a douchebag he was and then at the inch tells how much he must him yeah I can't I didn't get it I'm a lot of you so much I'm gonna die well she was thinking of Clementsa and her great meatballs used to make with that pasta have a great day oh I faded that out when I recorded that because the card isn't long enough that goes on forever now there must be a soundtrack right for every movie there's a soundtrack especially when we have an epic performance like this let's get that over here right now I bet your friends it's specs have already got it right must have and the music is very similar but different this is the Neil Rogers one to two wow you got a problem with that oh that's my opinion I'm Mike Disney hello I'm Frank Bartles and this year's my partner James Brown as the weather starts getting too hot we hope you will reach for one of these new Bartles and James brown wine cooler it takes two they come in three funky flavor gravity great get that crime of fashion fruit and my personal favorite papaya it'll get you all faster than a big city lawyer and a single pack serve six to ten just like James new Bartles and James Brown wine coolers the coolers made in the cooler now the horn bars everywhere and thank you we are at the point you see they let him out yesterday he did some kind of a concert for some douche banks one oh seven a wild we have an open line in Palm Beach of course 655 wild during the news break man we're racing money for Camillo sounds even like by accident I'm standing in our almost empty programming or a fist with Mr. Riley who's first back from California with a banjo on his thing and Stephanie Brownfield comes in from the newsroom and three of her well one of her friends is given her three checks let's put that way from her little circle of friends we should only have friends like that 600 big ones how do you like that so we now have 92,000 600 70 bucks in county this bit of very productive day what is he looking for what do we need what would you lose is that guy in a mobile is he around here somewhere that's got the godfather three tape because I'd give him a hundred bucks I'd give him a crisp hundred dollar bill because that's what he wants for he's video tape virgin pirate whatever is that on I've got father three what do you mean of what of the movie we've been talking about today blood sucking ferrows in Pittsburgh I don't hear it twist twist it twist one I'll try that one she's what I'm this is like FT oh hello oh this is good like FT L man yeah already saw the movie in my car on the way down since 10 o'clock no we didn't know this I've been very care I know the up and check it's off in the end I know it's a tribute to the three stooches I know that what does that mean so is the Greg B. Delshill what does that mean I know that the well and that pretty upset about it too got me and I know the archabishop killed the Pope and I know that T was his last drink and that's not the idea and I know the guy that let me ask you the series already already know that John Paul I first died very fast like mysterious right right in perfect no that the white smoke was just when they had a new one yeah and they died that's in a movie we see that when they picked him there with the white smoke okay there was a lot of smoke in a movie and then the girl on orange juice like little cigarette girls in her shoe bar all the way to the pub trinkets chatchie so I don't know you like it you think I don't know I didn't enjoy Godfather too and I thought Godfather one was just wonderful and I read it what if you would say one thoroughly enjoyed I could read the book you did not enjoy the second book was great you know I well probably because I needed to see it a couple of times it's one of those things you do get lost there's a lot of families stuff to follow yeah and I even then it like lost me I tell you the part that really is good is toward the last third which you know there's going to be a fourth one is when I get into sudscooman's bastard son yeah that part is incredible and Connie is getting all his stuff out there yeah we had to kind of we got that on now and then did you hear the article about the guy for a lot of the man who is stunned I I'm speechless on that I got in the what well then you could be just like him because he was too they keep doing all these short jokes with the people like George you know I see George and he gives me a high five yeah such is going to join us people with kids know how miserable you can get and it's just like we got to know they don't have any oh such no way he didn't even think he could do it I don't think I don't well it doesn't happen by us Moses did somebody tell him that well one woman called in and you know man pointed that out no he's 46 and this is I said he can play a wheelchair cat and so so like when his kid is like like I said the other day kids gonna be seven eight years old up to go to school and they'll say Johnny what is your father does say oh he's in that broadcaster's nursing home exact in Orlando well you know when they get like two and they get a little walker it can ball sides wow it's gonna be great so it's purely oxidant yeah and I you know I I don't really know well the rumor is going right purely oriental but we'll see what it gets born well it was a surprise to him so it could be evidently yeah maybe she pulled a little fast one so to speak how maybe she been getting tired of waiting all these years how long have they been married uh six years only six years yeah well is this like how many how many what how many wives is this like is oh this is his second one oh second yeah and didn't have any from the first one no are you serious yeah well maybe something happened to him I I asked whether she like miss read the the days of the week or there was a pinhole or what yeah what do I got into him I don't know her yeah well I know but I'll tell you if you wanted to see a look I mean I wish I had a camera that day wow because when he found out it was just he was oh yeah that's a little old to begin up to two o'clock in the morning to screaming in the ashing and wailing and changing diapers isn't it well I don't know June Allison does that and she's older than that yeah that's true so how was mommy she was hysterically went to LA for the weekend she wasn't expecting you you had to sit her in years yeah dressed up like Sandy Claus you're in a half I dressed up like Santa with your zoo papans gave her a car and I had it you gave her the cobra no I gave her a car you gave her a car brought bought her a brand new man you're making a hell of a more than some people are letting us out of there mom sometimes you go out on a live not me I hell you love I give my mom a check every month I pay her rent or utilities well there you go so I'm just a car for you Diane I'm making car payments she had a car that she's had since 78 it had now 81,000 miles on and one at one point now my mom's got an old well it's not that old it's like early 80s Corolla which she's had a great no vet which she just had painted yeah and at one point we were right in somewhere and in fact I was driving her car because it's like my brother was here for the holidays and we were visiting my rich aunt in Hallendale who's rubbing her nickels together today and I drove the Toyota and man that thing is not for me I mean the Toyota's nice car now but this is an old one it's it's all you're like 30,000 miles because all she does is go to the store and back every day and in the moment of weakness I said boy I got to get you a new car and that nickel by me any cars and boy that's all she had okay no problem if she's happy is it call you up and remind you not to fire any car and talk about Corvett's my luck yesterday I went there early yesterday because I went to the movie at the one o'clock showing yeah so went to lunch at mommy's early so we're watching the prices right okay and the curtain opens and are given away a brand new 91 Corvett and it's the game where they have to get they have five numbers and the like they're all one number off oh yeah what you can never win now this no she didn't win it and the higher price but how hard it is now I said to her I said this is going to be about 35 36000 maybe 38 if it's like loaded with it they probably had it at about 41 to 46 thousand dollars yeah now those prices on that sure so inflated maximum and my mother even said which was a present because I said to her I said my car sticker price at 35,800 some bucks yeah and she even said all the prices are so inflated on that show but I know that when I left in the back of her mind she's thinking 46000 he paid for that damn thing you just know you know which you would think if they wanted to see an appraisal in a Ferrari mom if they want some advertisement they'd get the prices down so they say hey I could afford it more bad people are saying he's not I never could afford that it's crazy yeah I'm not going to afford it but if you gave your cum he's got a cobra he's got a cobra I said a cobra I said a Viper a Viper a Viper and he's got a cobra of 11 sitting up there is an 91930 that's 930 well ladies car and no that's a 928 that's what you have oh is it yeah I want to buy it boy do I hate that car God it's a nice car you got a good car go get a car I got a most great like I got to leave their junk cars out to oxidize everything this is your junk car your 928 Porsche right yeah and you leave it out and it's like an accident but now it's orange well I want to have the only orange in 928 and it's out cool and speaking of that there's a whole bunch of turquoise metallic vets just like mine they're all over the place now really well my neighbors my neighbors I went out yesterday my neighbors right next door to me like good two houses away they had company and guess what car they had my car trying to keep up with the Rogers brutal I was so pissed I backed into it with the Porsche and I pulled it back in drove the vet off okay anyway I said at the beginning of the show we're going to do 100 this week we're not because I forgot it's Wednesday I keep thinking it's Monday I don't know what they're this during these holidays every day is like you don't know what they're there but I kept thinking that and so we'll go over 95 by the end of this week because all we got is tomorrow and Friday's mail but then on Monday we got the whole weekend mail and the Monday mail so sometime early next week or in the middle of next week we will reach our goal of 100 and it'll be wouldn't be great if we could do it on Monday because that would be before the new year that would be incredible and then whatever we get the next 15 days after that'll be gravy frosting on the cake right Sandy right how you doing good how are you from Sandy and Bobby fam in candle ladies in gentlemen one of the great superstars a rising star in a broadcast horizon well soon perhaps to have their own show you might not think so great of me after we've here the god of the listen I mean look if everybody liked vanilla ice cream with bean specks and it would all be like Johnny dark I saw it I saw one I saw two I loved them I love all the chino I went there taking it as the third I mean I didn't compare them to the other two you took it as the turn I took it as a turn okay on its own and I give it a four and a half I just couldn't connect with the family anymore you couldn't connect with them all all yeah you don't see the wrong dead Sandy see I figured it out okay they made it into like this glory you know the action type of movie and they kind of just didn't go back where well didn't you think that the first one was up wait a minute you said action kind of wasn't the first one an action movie but it was a lot of the whole thing about the movie was that it was a saga and it was showing the relationships intertwined between the people and that wasn't there in this one it wasn't there all this time past right okay and Michael and Connie and other relationships Connie and Connie for instance and don Thomas no I don't believe her relationship with Michael now I mean she was sitting there giving orders you know when what does this is 20 years later I know that Michael killed her husband she knows he killed Fredo and that scene that she says all the poor Fredo he drowned but you're missing the point she's a poorly on she's one of the family and that's all of the other you can no longer in that anymore and she and she was fine she was his advisor he was respected she wasn't really the advisor she was like calm the shot she was just ahead on show she was there she was there for he was like a kind of almost event for the spring and he was respectable and he had gotten out of all that and then she kind of like calvin back into and I couldn't believe that you know just when I thought I was out they pulled me back in but it's true and it's even the part that he kind of give the blessing to Vincent what me kind of okay he makes it poorly on yeah yeah he likes him he kisses them on the thing and the ring so her finger just didn't have that feel to it I mean I didn't even realize that's what he was gonna do it wasn't like they played it up and they had this intense scene that yes he is now a godfather and he's not it was like okay he is not yes what are you to call the shots the feeling was there it was like bad sex okay it was just like that that was a Sophia colt colt or oh and do you really believe she would confirm that was the first cousin in 1979 what girl okay do you know from a high class family with money would go after her her first of all he was like an illogent admit to nobody knew who the what he was her first cousin machin didn't care she was so desperate she did follow on what they with my dog she went what okay exactly and it was disgusting I mean she was like daddy's little girl smiling and dancing and it was a big joke I mean oh that didn't and one no part of her you notice he never got anywhere near her well but he she's a man who's still that's why that's why kept getting sick all of time it just didn't do it i mean it just like let me ask you this had little find it uh-huh you hated it i didn't hate it alright what about what about your husband it is well alright let's give your husband equal to him and he hated it because alpachinos in it and i mean i just love alpachinos and he's a great actor and there you know did had its moment i mean okay the moment where he confesses okay and then the the guy tells him the priest or whoever that guy is he told him in a priest he was to be the purple man i have a play or the bokeh and he's and he confesses right he opens up the soul and then he tells him you know but i i how can i repent or you know i i'm you know how my and he says to in order to repent you have to suffer it's gonna happen and in the end it happens when he lets out that whale that last scene that's excellent those are the only two scenes the home of your really respected and only because alpachino could pull that off but i'd everything else is a little Mickey Mouse type you're not answering my question why it was been hated to he didn't hate it he just said well you know it's okay you know i wouldn't of he wouldn't recommend it highly you know i mean when i thought in the middle of it i was thinking to myself maybe i should have seen her in the world i knew it was like bad you know and i'm not like that because i like misery was a great movie and good fellow is topped godfather three by a long shot by a long shot i mean that was a good movie i kept hearing a good fellow just like a comedy good fellow is an excellent movie by keeping it's a comedy it's not a comedy i don't want to be a comedy about the mafia but it's not a comedy right no matter what kind of life you're in has it's funny moments right serious moments and that's what it was it was the life i mean you follow this guy from a kid to an adult in involved with the mafia until later and of course it's gonna be funny parts of him growing up you know and his idea of what the mafia was he was a kid and there's funny scenes in there well maybe we'll do once upon a time in america part two make it about six hours long and then the end this time we'll let everybody know what it's all about i think that the third flopped with the four and says gonna pick up and they're gonna it's just they could have done so much with so many scenes and they cut him it was like one line or two line or that's it here's the scene it's all i know it's been would you agree with me and needed to be at least a half hour longer i would have said I mean they're right right in other words there were scenes that you could tell that were chopped that left you feeling a little empty thinking boy this needed there needed to be a little more said here when he made him and we just rushed our way through it when he made him into a don i mean i really didn't believe that that was good i i just it was so weird sandy have a great life i'm glad you enjoyed it for a half okay five one twenty eight it's wio d will be right back