Have a couple for a Johnny. Miami Wait, did I do that wrong? Miami and here comes beach cow a wife and it's up what a day Friday. Yeah Thank you for the ticket. You were there, huh? Yeah, I was I was here and You saw pretty excited Well, I started out with calleder that day Friday and yeah, I'm afraid from calleder I went to pump enough. Boy, here's a real degenerate Matter of fact no Went specifically because the friend of mine That was in business with Is very much into the horse racing and that's mainly why I tried to win the tickets to fake him. Yeah And he enjoyed it and But I think was he fat more money than what he was winning because of the short prices for prices and so close to the end of the night at pump and oh he's saying boy Must be a bunch of jackasses around here. And I'm the biggest one Two races later he finally gives a panda cap and he takes his wife's number 368 bucks on the tribe. Yeah, and hits it and gets back a thousand bucks. Oh, geez I can't handle these stories. I can't stand it And here's no one's missed with the Wayne minories Leave and he's parked he's breaking his puke and he's dead last. I'm telling you the Wayne minor from the Mickey McNickle school of an Eptitude just incredible pathetic Which was the race that six three eight came in? I think it's close to the end you're asking me how do I know? I'm just a lucky one still be here. It was the Wasn't the 12 I don't know But I you fell in a horse and I used to work for sterling which has horses out in call there Yeah, and I just left the watch horses. I didn't bet much Of course I I'd lost most of it But when you see horses like peace core and and beach power yeah, that's the thing on a night like breeders crown Now you don't go I all these people talking about betting and yeah, I don't want to mention A names but some of the people with us are out there like we're gonna get them rich that night that that isn't a night to worry about that That's the night when you see these tremendous horse. We had two world records two new track records Well, these people are hot in the trying to get about did I cash to perfect in is it? You know the double gonna pay three twenty who cares? That's a problem with this town people don't have any appreciation of anything all they want to do is go out in the cash of bed I'm not me. I have a cash one and so long. I don't know where you do with the ticket The only thing I was disappointed at is Sunday when I started it when I looked at the The handle the attendance is only 13,000 12,000 was 12,226 of my memory is correct and that's pretty pathetic. I know I expected everything in his town It's the same old deal, you know no matter how great it is no matter how much hype and hollow balloon no matter how exciting it is They just sit on there goddamn hands. They got a million excuses. They don't they're just a bunch of deadheads in his town I mean other than my young and shuffleboard in the early bird that's all I care about The handle million and 1122,000 and some odd that's not that for 12,000. Yeah, but most of that came from our table That God Hank was there have a great damn glad he had a good time. Okay, thanks for the tickets also a happy birthday and Oh that part where Hank Groberg says he paid for the beer. You should do that. Yes, sir. Let's get that off the tape George right away Thanks a lot. Take care. See you Like sometime the next month 10 past noon in Wild we have an open line in date 751. I want to cash the bed 751. She gave me the wrong ticket Very nice old lady. It probably from hell and they'll she comes into pop at her every night Probably not over the age of 200 and I bet a couple of two dollar doubles and then I say $3 $3 doubles two three two seven two nine right and I'm sitting at my table the three which is a lock with Leon cable when's going away in a seventh race I'm sitting there. Okay. I got three horses. I'm alive in the double and a couple of them are going to be a pretty good price the three which was called Ralph Cramden The seven with Kevin always dangerous from Michigan Wallace and the nine which was I think the favorite And I give my tickets out. I throw away the losing one. I look at the other one. It's $2 Perfectus Not doubles perfectus Two three two seven two nine well as luck. What I have it would two nine perfected just came in in a first app But it only pays us thinking $19.80 I Would like to just once go up there and put my hit one hand around her throat and the other one around Mickey McNickle's throat And there'd be a lot of people standing online on the last one by the way Kelly Shepherd was not a girl Mustachean always up their last night late After losing a couple of more he's all for the meeting he's over 35 try to keep a perfect record Even bread hand over. Never had a perfect record. Thank you very much. You're a wonderful American my car is clean again Great. Thank you sir and don't panic Spencer you can come in our Wednesday Spencer don't get all of psychotic in the Emotional it's 12 minutes past noon at WildM will be right back new for 1991 is way All of her is press X the months are six two From the moment you turn the key You know With this baby can this is one car you can't pass over Well my six two six pictures an onboard computer that monitors all systems including automatic shoulder restraint That get too much of a big shot to put in your seat belt a right up a land rack and opinion steering Personally I wouldn't take it a last but if you want to go the long way That's your business. I know what I'm doing and every months of six two six comes with an AMFM stereo CD Baby, maybe that I should get my all right. I don't need this order your months a six two six this month And enter for your chance to win the world's fastest motorcycles but who yabma cow one thousand Well down your macho gun on you months a six two six it just feels right Right for your amazing You're gonna be the death of me Look so when are you gonna get my own All right 12 16 at Wio D we have an open line on the star line star iod Oh boy that was just made by day perfect that what a great birthday Anyway, let's take you call from Hile. Yeah, I need how you doing great I hope you have a great 48 birthday. Thank you so much Saturday I went to the hurricane game and afterwards I went to pizza lots of like to say that they have the best pizza Miami Yeah, we're regular customers and we have a great time with air and Jeff's always very friendly Wonderful guy just brought in Tons of food. He just ladled it all over the table here. He's incredible all over YouTube. Neil. Yeah, okay Browning in a sea of eggplant My brother went to the dolphin game and he'd like to ask you something Neil yes sir. Wasn't the game enjoyable game was great? I like I don't like all those tense games like the jet's game I like where you get about a three touchdown lead you just coast along and relax Nobody gets into the game everybody was like looking at the blue angels and looking around They were looking at the fight on the event. Did you notice the fight in everybody just yeah? I didn't see that how did I miss that? I don't know it was a big fight not security cops are there and everybody just from mid just turned their head the way from the game And we're just looking at the fight You do have a lot of goofballs there for example. There was one play when a game was still Must have been in the second or third quarter and it was still a little touching go and And they snap the ball marinos going back to past all of a sudden all these hands go up in front of me They're doing the wave They're still doing a while of game is going on Break I can't see the scoreboard. I can't see the field I know really Yahoo, this is such a Game or something. Yeah, you know, you know, as somebody these people don't they don't know a football from their butt I know really and there were a lot of empty seats especially on the upper level And that it's fit enough the first time I've been in that stadium and it's a great stadium the best the best I've turned you and then I do it's a lot of empty I don't know why people don't want to go out and see the dolphin I think we were losing if they don't want to do anything it's not just don't take it personally They don't want to do anything their dead heads. They're the walking dead the young the old and the ugly all right Neil We're out of here good luck. Yeah, I would like to say I'm gonna win those rated tickets and win day We're gonna be there Neil. Chop naked We will Neil later. Okay 12 18 at W. Why would you while listen? That's one way to give it a shot, huh? Let's take a mobile in Miami Neil yeah, I was a hanging buddy Half-mast Listen, I got a question for you. I said to our send give me a three dollar doubles the two three the two seven and two nine, okay? Yeah, no problem. She gives me perfect this Listen, I'm gonna go up there off Thursday night And straighten it all out you're going to California with a banjo on your knee So I'm not one of these yocals from Coco Mo Indiana I've been everywhere okay you name it I've been there Well, I'm gonna be basically in Palm Springs and I'm not boy you'll feel right at home there I'm not real familiar with you. Hi, you'll feel just look around you'll see the palm trees It'll look just like sunrise lakes. It'll look like Margate Come out. They're all very old and drying like a prune. It'll be great. What are you going to Palm Springs? I'm going to see a vetting. Oh Well, that's what it'll be a vetting What about I'm gonna be spending a couple days and I already have any place in particular we can have a nice dinner San Diego How far is our boat? Don't go to LA. What do you want to go to LA for go stay away? Oh, God. What a toilet Go to Hollywood park I'm talking about food I'm telling you LA is horrendous. I would go to the tourista's world of reservations. I'm not sure what's there go to the brown derby Brown derby go to um I don't know find a tyrosaur which is anyone I mean all you'll see is Chinese and the Thai and Oriental writing and the The handwriting is on the wall in that time. Let me tell you Okay, well, should I get your boat in my bed? Yeah, that would be great. Probably be screaming. How do we get out of here? It's awful LA I'm serious Call you correct. There's one of the few places you can go that'll make your home sick for here and no time at all I thought maybe since I'd be out there I could see a team that's worse than the heat like the clippers. Yeah, or the rams All right, no, I'll give you a buzz. Okay. Thanks. Good luck. Bye Last week thousands of fans received their horse owners packets and joined 610 WIOD at Pompano harness to cheer our 1227 at good old WIOD we got a call from Western All right, have to go to bed. Thank you. I thought that was you, Santa. That's a beautiful car Where were you hiding in the wood? No, I was getting some bagels from offered all store and from John offer doll Yeah, if you were to take a little walk down the shopping center you would have seen this little bagel store John offer doll has a bagel store. I thought a Jewish boy here. It's a bit real right kid out. It's on offer doll is Jewish Got it my bagel store Next should be telling me Dan marino's Jewish offer doll is got baby Louis Oliver That's a nice shopping center But I mean considered my way for I pulled out and it was right behind you I went over to gas station to watch the razor prices You would fly now there. I said that is it that's just that cars Or just color yeah, it's actually incredible that was me I look where radio place before before you go on. Let me let me just say one thing okay, because I see All of these people and they're out just look at it the car. Okay. They know who I am and like a lot of these young punks and different people out there now You know, it's one thing the smile and like I don't know what why can't they like wave or give me a finger or do something? You know I'd do people in this town are so bizarre. I just don't understand it so unfriendly Wait took off like a bad-out no, I don't mean you I'm just talking in generally speaking like this morning I was coming to work and there were some Pinheads and I know they knew who I was and they were probably probably listening right now and it just they just so uptight How many cars are like that and stuff? I mean is that a real rare color? Well, I haven't seen any other ones. I mean you see some geos in that color. I haven't seen any other new vets like it Yeah, between a geos But nobody I'm just pointing at the color What if I do see another one like that of course. I'll have to trade mine in Is that a convertible also or no well see the heart top comes off? Yeah That's what the shirt is you've got the glass top Combs off a top. I love the glass top because then when it's raining you just look straight up and you see the little drops Pitter pattering on a top it's great but next time you you come out the e-snaples you should Hey, I'll tell you it's not bad out there That's nice and quiet a lot of bugs but it's quite but lead doesn't he's got a great Bagel store really really good great all little tasty little That lady in there was really nice over the records the one in the driver's license thing You know she said it's her last year. She's gonna return next year But they speak English yeah The radio question I had I'm this whole WNWS thing How is it that the person that that destroyed the station? I'm really confused as Why radio management How they can keep someone like that on oh Thank you Phil Because management people our present company accepted of course our asshole sir That's why they's deadness Collins is still over there You you put the blame even those the format was pretty dead You put it on now and see the shoulders wait a minute wait a minute. What is it? What do you want? I'm doing a radio show and you're how can a china can fetching okay didn't you get some nice flowers? By the time he get back there will be more flowers okay believe me. I'm doing my damnedest okay if I have to pay for him Where's my what Have a nice lunch feel get her out of here please drag her by her feet go ahead. I'm sorry Would you would you put the blame on that demise Except for that The way to what do we talk about what do we talk about that stage? Oh, WS news Of course the man this right now of course it's the management but you understand In radio it's the reverse of baseball on baseball it's the manager that always gets fired Even though the player screw up in this business the players can do a good job and a management can screw it up But the player still get fired I keep wondering is it you're you're all you're constantly fighting your management I keep wondering if the same thing would happen to you if you followed what they wanted you to do How long you're so at last Good part of it here is they don't know what they want anybody do they haven't got a clue Okay, and Long ago I kind of got them off my back and I told them if you want me here just leave me to hell alone and bug off You know just to do something useful like play with your computer Well, thank you very much for the information and happy birthday. Okay, and Dennis Collins lives sir. Oh, thank you Isn't that amazing that he's still over there really is he's got a good point We have an open line in Broward 524 and one on the star line star iod This was our last day of food in the building What are you laughing about this is the last day of food on this show i think because Rick and such it basically It basically like milked off most of my food people anyway right i think that the food should come in it too And then if I'm a little bite on the way out i could bite this and if not i just to get there out of here Before the feeding frenzy starts When Johnny Dorque was in here the other day i said i got to lose 30 pounds by the first of the year and today is already November 5 so i'm about a week That's gone by and lose enough and just holding my own as they say on a boulevard Niels i'd make casemys with you still listening to the Neil Roger show to the magic of audio tape It's the best of Neil on news dog ready oh 610 Wild My steak is delicious Gloria really will try some of my flounder and hey watch out for the little call Honey And I can't understand i've been turning blue call rodo router Now the Neil just roasted us to fetch butter Call rodo router see effective and almost painless whether it's a golf ball or a football rodo router is fast and friendly Rodo router hello i wonder if you can help me i've had little accident That's the day i will get the oxygen to your brain 1237 at Wild The other thing that i don't understand is the these microphones with those moths on sound so bad There are such a dramatic difference and nobody i just don't understand this place nobody has ever A comment and said boy those things really sound bad or it sounds muffled or it sounds base here It's just that amount is this like major market radio or is this like play time just like let's pretend Just like a college junior let's pretend we're in a calo okay Let's take a call from pebrepine hello yeah This is the fellow the other man and make you in the outside the mental Last week outside the men's room you know i make you in the bedroom we walked out Well we don't want to go into that No this but nothing we want to have I've been saying the same thing that you've been saying for the last five years about the people down here And why they can't get these crowds at A company or i can't understand because These people here did they know nothing from anything i mean no matter what it is they just did they don't know about it They're not interested they don't care it just they don't bother them Well i'm an old man too yeah i'm 77 yeah and i run around come to the racetrack they got I deal with it down here yes sir They had the best drivers the best horse yeah they got Mickey McNickle and D Wayne minor What were they doing they're doing they're doing they're doing they're doing And Donald Brannard they're from the different world i'm telling sheepers But they had the best drivers and John told probably the third and the best of everything else and patchy Repot with a must-aid They couldn't get over 12 thousand people yeah i late three to one to somebody that they wouldn't have 25 thousand people they don't forget Mickey Peterson Walter Ross I don't want to I late three to one that they wouldn't have 25 thousand people there that better i want to eat and Ron I also bet i also late But even money that they wouldn't have 15 thousand people and Raymond Massie and Ryan Sears and Rick shout As in shout shot knock yourself out and Raymond Scholar yeah but when they get on Gary McQueen And Ray Pover Jr yeah oh that's a joke wow That's a joke but they got to have some good drivers yeah When i get capital or don't worry about you talking that's the best Kevin Wallace and the Donna Harment now we're talking some real drivers in Steve Warrington and Bill Fee and Oh now we're talking wally and it's been off the rail wally come on get off the rail already Jesus getting away from your wally Uh j Go 12th racely i don't want to go in Yeah i got murdered last night sir i had a 20 to one shot with Jeff Gregory and the first half of the double I didn't have the second half yeah that gas tunnel a row was giving everybody the pipe last night with Dick Tounter and the dick this and Dick that it was just incredible you know Friday night i was in there But i bet me afternoon and i bet $442 Yeah, i'm those eight racers yes sir and i hit I think five racers and got back to 180 and yes i lost a hundred and twenty five there you go Well i thought bad it's called minimizing your losing that's right That's what i like to do that's why go up there work for Alan Bartos i can get really the pressed right out Oh boy to see do it for me i watched around TV Then it comes over to me gives me $20 for Camilla's house and the next racie hits like a $200 perfect he's got a $5 ticket he's got $500 in his pocket and i'm sitting there with a cigar Alan Barton oh man Well god bless It's incredible well it's uh inflation you know I think i can get the answer okay i'll give you the tip right now just punch all your guts and Donald Brandard sir he's doing he's do Kelly Shepherd he's overdo but i want to ask you is not about hard to trim his mustache anymore Okay, but i want to get hostile now What i want to ask you is not about a horses good i think your fans might give me the answer to this Yeah both of them Huh i say yeah Okay Who played the pot Up You understand me yeah Mickey McNickle I just told you Okay Your fans my somebody will call in what's that i say i think it was Marcel Pussier from uh Roosevelt and yankers No i say it was Mario Hoppy some people say it one okay we'll find out and i'm trying to find out okay I tried a million other ways Maybe you could tell me how right by your fans okay Thank you very much and just remember Mickey Peterson lives See 1243 a WIOD we have an open line in date one in Broward look at that 751 in date five two four WIOD in Broward on this momentous Monday the day following the big dolphin victory Couple of days after our big breeders crowned poppin o park Two days after the hurricane thrashing a pit in front of a 33 thousand uh vacant seats stadium How about those maple leaves huh oh boy you think i had a great weekend Saturday night i don't want to go into it maple leaves boy are they they're not just losing i mean they're just like getting murdered slaughter Slotter at maybe slaughter at the gondola Do we have the name of the person honor blackman right okay there you go sir honor blackman You probably can't do the big bet he's a good guy he's 177 years old but he was uh crawling around outside the restroom and was calling out to me for help and i met the guy up there he's a good guy And he doesn't bet on Mickey McNickle that's why he's still solving I don't want to go into a big thing about Mickey McNickle because I though i've been telling you for years A stay away okay and i usually avoid it too but Last night he just absolutely sent me into orbit I mean when they just open up a whole large enough you could drive a fleet of act trucks in there and you can just sit in there Nice comfortable third and get a nice trip and you're just out there puking and slashing and whipping and Going to happen 56 and one and coming to the stretch and just gasping for oxygen you wonder what this man is thinking about You know what i'm saying Mickey what are you thinking about mr. two for 55 We got somebody sent Cheryl flowers great okay when Cheryl come they're here oh great wait till she comes back from lunch with mr Mr. Dolphin Phil costume we want to thank Phil again for the remarkable job he does up there in a skybox he works He's slaves he just uh i'm telling he does more work in one day up there than most bureaucrats do in a lifetime For a louder nail yeah I knew hi You gotta explain something to me some of the generous horse play it to you have three horses going on your Move red in a desperate drive sir that's the answer Michelle move red Reason Mickey doesn't go this idea is tickets on the other horse. That's one you said that sir. Yeah I have no comment yeah Now you have three horses in the second half of the double the eighth rate now Yeah, they they mess you up and you're not live in the double because you punch you do the wrong take it Why wouldn't you box those things I'm all about Cuz I'm a moron I go back to do it. I'm all at this point. I'm just all messed up in the head Alam barter was there how could it try and which is enough to drive anybody crazy He just cashed a $500 perfect and I'm going nuts and I go back up there and I've gone gonna either play the three seven nine or the one three the one three Nine You could throw out real no no wait a minute. I'm no I'm gonna bet the one I bet the one seven nine I had to throw somebody out and I threw out the three and the reason I bet the three in the first places because all the early money and the double pools I mean enormous early money was on the three Yeah, and the horse goes off finally 15 to one and wins in a desperate drive and Kevin Wallace comes with a Seville which I love because he just bought the horse and you're doing Right week right and he comes up and just gets second at the wire. It's a $400 Perfected and it's about a $4200 Tri-fekta and I'm sitting there holding my own All right, it was four and an 18. No, you know I got my schmucks or that's what I could understand if you like those three horses And then you box him in the perfect and you better try effect it and then you In fact if you're box four horses in the tri-fekta you easily could have the three six seven nine and it came at a three seven six With pavia was the third choice and you got four eight two hundred bucks and if you have It played him at least $5 to wigs exactly like my 20 to one shot in a second race Would Jeff Gregory who's such a great trotting man and a horse look good He was six to one in a morning line. They let him go off at 20 to one There's nothing in the race and he comes weaving through traffic in the stretch Comes flying to the outside and wins andally going away and pays 45 dollars and I'm sitting there with four double tickets Like a schmuck we don't I do it something like that I'll play that's doing Well, I did cover myself with their town or but not enough I've had only bucks to win but what is anyone off three to one? Right right I don't think I'll go back either so instead of getting back five six hundred dollars on a four dollar double I get back either bucks I'm out of the money for my investment in the first three races. I want to tell you how bad it was last night the first four races Counting the double which I didn't cast the second race, but I had the winner on my ticket So I've got three of the first four races, right at the end of four races. I'm up one dollar You know it's that tell you what a good gambler I am I'm up one dollar. I got three winners one of which paid $45 I'm up a dollar And then this owl a lot of Bartla Bego comes over there bugging around oh Geez and after we cast that ticket I kept going up there talking to him thinking he knew something You're a fruit better. Oh, I'm a good handy cap or the worst better in the world. I'm a great handy cap I just wanted to ask you that because I just put on this because I'm a schmuck I'm at least I'm honest about it I'm a moron I get so mentally distraught. I mean the three seven nine is guaranteed of course They bet harming with that one horse off the board. He's a cheap piece of garbage. He was nowhere's and That's me. Okay, yeah Yeah, okay Hey listen you people who want to hear about our tough nights at the track you don't care you people all work your brains out and if you all work so hard how come you're Listen and Panzees What 26 the W. I O. D. Let's take a call from Fort Loderdale All right, hi Thank you so much I agree with you. You have a bunch of Denny's just being here Jeff Florida. I just moved in well I can't all be live wires like you a maceer Well, I'm a dead head When I meant That's my part of the crack Okay Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, well crack this 26 after what a W. I O. D. We have an open line in Broward five two four. Let's try hi, Alia Neil yes sir happy birthday buddy. Thank you, dude. Listen, we're at the game yesterday. I sure was What do you think about the off and Denny Neil? What do I think about him? Yeah, what do you think about no opinion no opinion now? You don't think the man seen his better days I don't I mean, you don't get any of that stuff. I'm out into the wave and I'm not into the dolphin Denny I'm just I just go there and I watch the game and I'm into the game and I you know I get excited at the right times and I react like I understand what the game is about instead of beginning and all this spurious Kind of sophomore a crap, you know Kind of the sidelines though. Yeah, I'm more into what's going on in the field and I'm interested in the fights and the Stands of the people are pouring beer on their head I just that's just not my bag and there were a couple good fights too, Neil Well if you want to see that I guess you could you know pay extra and go out of the ring and watch the real fights But I'm serious. I don't think the man the man couldn't motivate me to He's not enough well everybody Lose it sooner or later just ask Mr. Weaver. I mean Mr. King yeah, I think maybe they should look into getting Sebastian maybe leasing him from the Have you noticed when they play that at the stadium? It's like sped up. It's about 52 RPM You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's all the deadheads maybe because a little more motivated It sounds like the mouse guitars is something on speed. I don't know what it is But he'll listen about your loud. I will say that it's real loud Isn't it yeah, it is real loud man. Do they play those speakers loud at that state? Am I mean real loud? Everything there is loud loud and when reeneric comes out with those damn glasses already Give me a rest with that will ya? Jay Hey, Neal listen about your car. Yeah, I saw one today at the UM campus Same exact color. Are you serious? It was a convertible though. Oh, that's the count Black top it was that an I see I saw one I was in the 91 Yeah, brand new with the C. R. One tail lights No, it was a regular one. No, that's an 90 then. Is it the 90? Yeah. Yeah. No, what you mean the round The round tail lights? No that's squared like that's the R1 tail lights Right, okay round is 90 or earlier Right, right. I've color would have to be a 90. Well, that's okay. It's a nice try. Yeah, it was it was a black I mean, I had a black top. Yeah, that's probably the one I saw. I saw the couple of months ago That's what inspired me to get this one. Oh, yeah down here in my amy saw it. How somewhere? Yeah, I see Anyway, you recognize the voice deal. No. Okay, it's super Dave Jr. Oh You see I'm not that bad of a guy any with after all, honey? Well, whatever you say Have a great life. Thank you Neil. One 29 And W. I would be why I like having that zoob tube sit here. It picks it up. I mean you can hear the reverb just a puke and through that tube It's great. Okay, I have several different reports on the mail by the way Who was it said that it was just Saturday's mail? No, I think said that and Hellsion keeps giving me six different stories See that's what I mean about the mail here. You didn't know what the hell's going on. I mean, I sure hope we can do better than then the first weekend 1131 bucks for Camillo's house get those checks in the mail today Let's have a gigantic week I mean if we could do 10 or 15 grand the first week then the hundred grand should be a snap because we've got till January the 15th is our deadline But we got to have a big first week. Don't just sit around on your haunches waiting for everybody else to do it get those checkbooks out crack it out What's the story That was it that was it? Oh, that is week that is really week. I think that is the worst start We have ever had pathetic I Mean usually a kick it off and at first weekend. There's like a big push a big thing of enthusiasm 1100 while they were probably saving all their money from readers crown Friday night And now that you made all those big winnings had the $3.20 double No more excuses now Pungit in here Pembroke pines Yeah, how you doing this is your full-end bagel time Pembroke time happy birthday thank you Jeff My brought once and right you have to practice with here tomorrow morning gray well tell them a good luck You've been in here before you gave us a picture you in the bird. Yeah, you know Pat to catch here and stop well whatever you say I don't remember it for whatever you say Anyway, what I want to ask you I'm from Buffalo. You remember this truck and he's done brand no You know never heard of One other thing You played at Miami Dawson song yeah, you played at Buffalo song talking prom yeah Yeah, okay Go back to Buffalo and the stick your acid oh, she's part Good Le tak I'll give Kelly, he left his razor blade here, okay, somebody come and pick it up. I hate me, I'll come, I hate you, I don't want to. Okay, for the beer, yes, we're the my favorite song. I hate me, I don't want to come, I hate you, I don't want to come. Okay, now before she all comes back, the lunch, from lunch, to lunch. Can we get somebody to put these on our desk? Because that promise to her, there'd be like a whole bunch of flowers here by the time she got back. Anybody gonna do it? Okay. The only there. 136 at WIOD, and boy, if you can get those open, I bet those would be great. Those beautiful partying cigars that Cheryl and Mitch gave me for my birthday. Happy birthday, Cheryl, wait till you see all the flowers on your thing. They're one, they're in front of her door. Oh, she's got the door locked, well. That's the hell with her. Plantation key. How about a crowbar might open those, huh? Plantation key? Yeah, yeah. And the else? Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thank you, sir. Jay from the keys from New Jersey. Yeah. I have a friend and four board of the automator who are listening to you on the radio. I've been doing it for two years, I was paying my bills on my office here today. Yeah. My young son goes to my youngest son, goes to the school, the art institute of Chicago. Great. Um, three of us are going to take a trip out there to watch a both game. Well, I think that's because you give us a recommendation on a good restaurant to go out. He lives on 203 Westwood. Well, I can't, I don't know what dresses go to schools these. You like Italian? Love it. Schools these? Yeah. Okay. Look it up, it's great. Okay. What is this? Are we going to start getting Chicago intensive again on my birthday? First place one hour later, come on in. See? Good point. Here we go. Here's hot the fangirling first place. The world was. There's been such a long time for you. I want to raise my power as you. Okay. Let's get baseball going again. Okay. 138 at WIOD. We have Andy and the window standing like Rumpel Stiltskin. Jump it up and down to making gutterl sounds. Boy, they're out of control today. For a Monday, what a week this is going to be. And reconcered by the way, see you understand how nervous everybody is here. They're like doing heavy deep breathing exercises in the corner in training because they have that big, big stiff competition. stiff is the operative word this afternoon. Mr. Contract controversy. Boy, I can't wait. We got Tom Jika. I want to say this. I really mean this. If the Rumpel Buff you del being on there is true. That would possibly be. There have been a lot of embarrassing things in the market like that. But that would be the bottom. When you have to go on somebody else's show to launch an attack because you couldn't do it on your own show because the management is too spirulous and paranoid. That's really desperate. When you have to go from 100,000 watt, class EFM to a four watt pop-up toaster AMFTL. I mean that's Greg. Don't do it. Well, when I come to embarrassment, I guess he's used to it five days a week. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. I know. Yes sir. Happy birthday. Thank you so much. We enjoy your show very much. Actually, the reason I'm calling is I go up by 95 back and forth between here and check for the old time. Yeah. Business last week. We're new than the apathy on the sports down here. We're new. 30 to 40 percent of the cars with the plate. We're back by day to the beer. They're on their way down. They're here. The frogs are jumping. After market, wheel covers, maps all over the dashboard. 55 miles an hour. No. 55. Boy, there must be speeding it up from last year. Now they were kind of the whole time. 30 times. I mean, they tone it and the cape. So that means about a week from now, they'll be getting down here. And every one of them who comes here, every one of them is old and ugly. I mean, older and ugly are the next one. Just, uh, oh, go on. I'm probably wondering there. Don't they understand that those 1080 ends are really kicking ass up there. It's time to get back to the four with Danny Gallovon and Frank Selki, Jr. And they're looking at the maps. You know, in the argument back and forth, around 90, 95, there's nowhere to get off. I don't know what the hell we're arguing about. Yeah. You know, but I'm taking them in a highway and giving them a map with the arrow pointed Do North. I think we're doing something to get out. What's got them all all what's set. Yeah. If you look at the map, it says, I 95, right? Yeah. Look at the signs of the fire, the road, it says 65 and I think they're on the wrong road. They think they're on the wrong road. Hmm. Okay. All right. Think about that. Okay. Neil, have a good one. Good to talk to you. Sure your show. Have a great life. He good. Oh, Canada. I will say this. They've got a better national anthem than we do. They're really doing how about those maple leaves. Boy, they are really kicking ass. They're on. They are pathetic. They are embarrassing and humiliating and just a grotesque. God. Take that grandmarsion, stick it when the desert and a puck in his mouth. Man. And a Gary Leban sent him to Montreal. Put him on a bus with a frog in seven a dear field beach. What a foster heua would best his be shaking his head in his fist. Hollywood. But he'll this is Steve Kane for abortions are us. You're one of everyone in the South Florida area. At least between sunrise and open park pool. But turn into my show on radio. Fourteen hundred WSTL. I paid for the beer. 142. At WIOD we have an opening and Broward is a matter of fact five two four. I can't wait. Five two four nine four six three. It's going to be really exciting those first ten or fifteen minutes. And then the law be I think it take about two and a half days and those people who are sampling. After the first Michael Dissist though. And Rick Siderman. And the year and lady. And the usual cast of Reverend Rick Patterson and Peterson. And then the other Rick. What was his name? Rick Unick or whatever that guy's name after that the law will be back fast. Mobile on the star line. Yeah. Happy birthday. Thank you. How many years young are you today? 86. 86. 48. I turned 43 today so we share the same. On happy birthday sir. I'm 48 so you're just a young whipper snapper. Well, well, it all goes with the territory. But we have to hear your happy today and take care of Scorpio tendencies. Okay. Thanks again. Have a happy birthday. Okay. Thank you and take care of this. 143 at WIOD. We have an open line in the star line. Don't forget our big remote Wednesday. It's special to be able to come out and buy those cassettes. Bring lots of money. Buy some CDs and videos and a whole bunch of stuff. And then we'll have a little table out front. And I'll be selling peddling. He's going to be selling those t-shirts and our best of meal number three. And a partridge in a pair tree. And it's going to be great. And hopefully we'll raise like tons of money. But in the meantime, get those checks and those things in the mail. I mean, if that's all the mail on our opening Monday. I am just brought on beside myself. That's pathetic. That is weak. Man. 1131. God. I lost more netted pompino just in the last two races. Miami. Okay. Oh. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. This is Joe over Channel 4. I just wanted to get your response on our coverage over at Pompino with Tony doing the shows live on Friday night. Well, if I would have seen it, I would have been great. I didn't see Tony out there. Oh, and in fact, Tony and I had little chatty looking great. Well, I just wanted to give it a little takele here because, you know, knowing you see, you see the say that knowing, really cares about the harness racing in town. And we did our show out there. And by the way, on sports final last night, we had Dion saying, come it up on sports final. Well, I know. You really are doing it. What can I say? I'm really doing it. And you have a little friend over there in a little while. Little by the way, we're going to all the telephone books on a chair for me. He's were all said to go, he's really excited. He's going out. Have a nice lunch. And Rick Rally's going to sit on the floor. So he doesn't kind of like tower over over. It's going to feel right his home. Yeah. We're going to pop doing a series on privacy. So it ought to be interesting. Great. Okay. You have a happy birthday, Neil. All of the rear channel four. We're always listening to you. Okay, Joe. Okay. You're Bob. We were a kiss on a wig for how? All right. Okay. See you. Bye-bye. 145 at WIOD. We have an open line of day. 751-94. 6-3. We had a call from Dick Perton today. We had a call from Phil Salzman. We had a call from the famous Hank Goldberg. I didn't pay for the beer. And it was just been a nonstop all day. We got a bunch of flowers outside Sheryl's door on her desk and her seat in her drawers. Palm Beach. Hello, Neil. I have a birthday wish from your friends at WIOD. And, Neil. A happy birthday to you, Neil. A happy birthday to you. We pooled our funds and baked you a cake. Wild high with icing. Oh, sweet. And creamy. Please eat it all. And lick the plates. As your blood sugar rises. We hope you turn a man in. Oh! By the way, Hank did not seem for the beer. Oh! I had to boil him's going out of sense of humor. Unbelievable. Tell me you're really doing it. You're right on top of it. And people are talking about it all over Carroll City. So get the hell on. Come on, everybody. Come on, everybody. Play and tape in the beer. Bring that to Maple Leafs. Our forefitting. They're turning. They're leaving the ice. The crowd is cheering. They're getting to a fever pitch. One. What a sigh of relief. There he goes. Peter Engie said, You're number one. He just took that village. Love off. Give big salute to the fans on his way out of the garden. Just tremendous. West Miami. Hello. You'll be there. You'll be gone. Oh, here he is, ladies and gentlemen. He still hasn't recovered. He's still very smart. I thought that by the way, by the time the weekend was over. He would have recovered from the week. He's still just recovered at the same. Kendall. Oh, yeah. Well, I think he's about time. First of all, I have to. Yeah, I was waiting so long and was still asleep. But anyways, happy birthday. Number one. Number two, not just still on say, from Canada. Same thing time, same day. Same satellite channel. It is. Well, I'll be there. How come it's not in the book? I don't know. I guess you're not putting it in the book, but I found that out for you. And number three, as fiery portion of the seed, guess who his real guest really is. This is Tom Jika. Well, no, Tom may be maybe one of the guests, but the PSaries is Tom. Yeah. Gilbert Solomon. I got news for you. That's the greatest favor anybody could ever do us. Okay. Steve, we thank you for, usually, more power to the opening to be of a wonderful way to get it. We can't do it. He can desperate. Yeah, you said it. Okay. Well, get happy birthday. Thanks. Bye-bye. Bye. Wow. Well, when you lose Gilbert, you're really slipping, huh? Because he's pretty loyal. Last week, thousands of fans received their horse owners, packets, and joined 610 WIOD at Papuaver Harness to cheer our adopted horse, Christmas list. Remember to activate your membership in the 610 WIOD, Papuaver Harness fan racing stable. By completing the registration card, containing your horse owners' packet, and returning it to the track by December 17th. And listen to my show every day to find out when our adopted horse is next scheduled to race. Then make sure you use your horse owners' pass for a free climb house admission, and to record your attendance each and every time our adopted horse races. You'll guarantee yourself as sure of the winnings if you visit the track every time the adopted horse races throughout the season at Papuaver Harness. Remember the name of our adopted horse, Christmas list. And make sure you complete your registration card and return it to Papuaver Harness by December 17th. And tune into my show every day for information about the 610 WIOD, Papuaver Harness fan racing stable. Papuaver Harness easy to get to. It's just West Divine 95 in South Carolina, Pothahart in Papuaver Beach. And don't forget, Great Harness racing nightly Wednesday through Sunday night. First post-time 730 PM. We'll get back to the reruns in a minute, but first, it reminded me to get on the horn and mail me your Camilla sauce contribution. For 20 bucks, you'll get this year's TheoRangers cassette, and your money will go to a great cost. Now, back to the Vest of New y'all on 610 WIOD. And the party, come on, cheer everybody. It's fruit, your fudge man. Who's the first one to try one of my fudge? Of those big white truck, almost side of the road, as he cracks the smile he says. First time, but back again. Then and down the version highway. That'll make it out right away. For a full-of-fudge man. But got a baby, and carried enough to the far away land. For some high-pitched enough fun. I'll give you the fall for you, give me your money with a hurl. And when your walk on the horseback is a big white truck, where you can weigh your legs up. Fudge back baby. I'm sorry, I can't hear you. What a lot. Wait, let me just bend over here a second. And it's all sure we have that. It's coming around back. I'll be having a third year. Everybody's back. Let's have fun. On sale. On sale. No money care. I've been ridden off the money. 154. At WIOD, Gloria is on one. Hello. Hi, how are you? Okay. I made a mistake and came down. I was very rude to go to this game Boulevard. I'm working on the railroad track. You can't get across it. You're going to have to get off the road. You're a secretary mode of this. And how and they'll be to Boulevard and go to US. One goes south. You can't get across. I was very rude. You can't cross the railroad track. I'd have to very rude and just came full of art. How long is that going to go on six years? Usually a week. Oh, she's great. You know, I'll let you know. Sue Smara, we should have someone in the area when. Well, well, listen. Is that a big deal off? They come across Helen. They'll be to Boulevard and come south? No, it's much, no. Well, they're coming from the south. They don't have to worry about it altogether. Exactly. But if they're sick in 95. So just do it. I hear your own. Well, I appreciate it. Because otherwise, you're going to get in all that traffic on Dixie Highway. And it's bumper to bumper. Yeah. I found that out the hard way today, too. Okay. Thanks, Gloria. All right. Appreciate it. Bye. 155 at WIOD and Mobile on the Sterline. Hi, don't know. Okay. Happy birthday. Thanks. I just came from the same area. She's talking about it. It's bedlam over there. Oh, great. Terrible. Yeah. Well, they probably knew we were coming there Wednesday. Oh, I'll have to go out and vote three times tomorrow. Absolutely. Listen, the dolphins song that you play. You know, does Miami dolphin song? Yeah. Is it possible? Can you buy that anywhere? No. Oh, my God. Not that I know of. I wanted to buy that. I just said I love it. And I like the Canadian National Anthem too. Can you rate? Can you buy it? No. What make can you buy it? You have to do it. What I said, can you buy it? Yeah. You can go out and buy a national anthem. It's got like 8 J.A. National Anthem. I don't know. But you can't go in just by a record that's got the Canadian National Anthem on it. Okay. What do you think this is Ottawa? Okay. Oh, the rough writers. Have a nice day. Thank you. Man. North Dave. Hello. Hi. Hi. I just called to wish you a happy birthday. And I enjoy your show. Thank you. And I'd like to call back some time and let you know that when I was on the in the Godfather area and that now when they were filming it. I think it's fine to just stay. Okay. Okay. Happy birthday and tell Bill Colder. We miss them. Okay. Thanks. Bye bye. 156 at WIOD. What the show has zipped along today. But the last seven or eight minutes have a feeling. You're going to be like a lifetime. Am I right? I just have that feeling in my bones. Like worth. Like worth here. Yes sir. As a psychiatrist here, a place about 50,000 people missing it with stadiums. Yeah. I called yesterday trying to get a couple of tickets for the Raiders game. They offered me a n-glown for 100. Well, we're not talking about the Raiders game sir. That's not what we're talking about. We're talking about yesterday's game. And stand. But you think that the fact that there are so high on their prices has something to do with it? Well, they know because the seats that you're talking about are club seats. There were plenty of regular ordinary seats all over the stadium available yesterday. We'll be plenty. Like almost 20,000 of them. I understand it. All right. I stand corrected. Okay. Oh man. See, I just can't handle that. I can't handle the excuses. This is the toughest time to get true to people. I just got a million excuses. I realized the club seats, the prices absorb it. Okay. And there are lots of other things. The prices real hefty. But let's face it. Most of us waste more money in one day on crap than Jimmy Carter made in years. Okay. So let's stop the excuses. All right. Rather have you just admit that you're cheap in your lazy and you're a bunch of slimble. That would at least there would be honest instead of all these damn excuses. At Boy, I'll tell you one thing. If the thing with Camilla's house doesn't really pick up heavy duty this week, I'm going to be psychotic. We said a goal of 100,000 guaranteed every Monday, every Monday without fail last year. After the big weekend, because weekends are generally time when people are sitting home instead of going out to the Dalton game and just staying, you know, hanging out. That's the time when the big money comes in is on Monday. Yeah, I get on here. And 1131 bucks. That's sorry. That's a pretty piss poor start. We'll try to raise some serious money for a great cause. Okay. And we got 475 people in the programming office working their brains out on this project. Okay. We used to do it with one or two. But now it's become so mad. And there we is Chuck Meyer. Nice. So that 15 is still coming. Here he comes Chuck. He's coming right now. I got it. I got it. Oh, you got to 65. No, I got the 15. Or here's the one back there, Chuck. What a guy. What an incredible. He still thinks the pirates are going to be in the world series. What a surprise he's going to wake up. Anyway, get those checks in the mail. Johnny Dark looks great. Life is wonderful. Rick and daughter coming along. Next, stay tuned to 610. Don't mess around with any of those pop up toast. Well, give it a try for 2-3 minutes. You'll be back before you can say, uh, Honduras.