Now you're doing the awesome thing. Now we're not sticking with the something up the phone. Okay, good deal. I wanted to tell you that I agree with you. And in many of you, I don't agree with you, but I disagree with you more. What you said tonight about the way the media treated. And I actually told you that it's been over 40 years. And that is something that the Mr. Mr. Jack, the guy went to the police. And John Clark on the idea of something that we think should be looked at. The yellow eyes, he compared the two of us playing Jack's and the ribbon. The one that goes to the red to the point accident, which is fine, sir said. But it's ignoring the fact that the people who are publicly funded, and the airline is deprived of enterprise. The people pay to go on. We're paying an incredible, that will go the actual figures. So there's a tax payer, a new detector, and even a tax payer. Anyone else who's listening to the tax bill? It's fine. We're from my mother's for a period of $1 billion. Let me give you a figure. The shuttle itself, just the shuttle, a buy itself that we want. Counting $1.1 billion. Okay, there you go. Now, I want to clarify one thing, and that's that I'm not at all anti-space exploration. In fact, I'm strongly favorite of it, but I'm in favor of it from a different, with a different emphasis. The current space program, particularly the, I don't feel the same way so much about a poll. I think going to the mood, I can almost even, as a favorite of Jack Kennedy carrying it out, I think is all right. But this space shuttle business of carrying out, and the last repetitions of orbits of the earth. You know, all you along with men at an incredibly high price is simply not justified. And I'm not an expert on the subject, but I did hear one gentleman earlier, who apparently is. There was actually a worthwhile piece of news earlier, I believe it or not. They had an energy with a guy named Dr. Dr. Edward Gold from SirQ. Right. He was on some sort of commission, some sort of government commission. He was from the beginning advising Congress on whether or not to go to the space shuttle to the surface place. He's wasn't used. An artificial degree of sense of nationally, emergency, and grief, and panic, and whatever else. Heaven forbid, we should ever have a nuclear war. I can just see it now, and there will be Tom Brokhal or Dan Ratherrow, somebody sitting on the screen, announcing to us that radar shows beyond a shadow of a doubt that nuclear weapons have left the Soviet Union, and we have launched nuclear weapons that are on the way to the Soviet Union, and we'll be right back with a further word on it after this word from General Electric. Twenty-nine minutes after ten of Wins and let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, or whatever deal. Yeah. I agree with you. It's ridiculous, I can remember I am from Minnesota, and there's a big crash with a local, a lot of big CO people are coming back from a big, a bit of gambling. Again, it was a famous, small church, and it was a local radio station, that they reported after their interview with the families of how they felt. It means, come on, you can see how they felt. Of course, you know, and I can remember that madman who blew up everybody's head and they got over the massive employee. How do you feel about this? And she said, some more of the debt he was on the radio. Yeah. Of course, what are you going to do? I mean, I cannot, like you say, I can't believe that we are turning that into a 50V. It's ridiculous, I feel very sorry for them. You know, I guess, when I feed crap like this today, and to leave you me, I was ready to throw something at the TV set, not turn it on again. I feel sorry for us as a people, because even though I've never over-rested the intelligence of the American public, I think the American people are basically a decent people. And I think that we deserve better. And I think that a tremendous disservice is being done again in the name of profit, the name of expediency for profit sake. And we're really paying the price for it. We really are. We become a nation of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, You know, and it's like a, when I have the TV set, it's like a, you see the guy with a nice wolf and a, it's like a, you see the guy with a nice cat and shirt that I self-taim. You know, what are we watching? I, you know, I wonder that myself, you know, are we seeing a sex cat of a man or a beautiful woman? You know, as a sex cat to or whatever. And we, in that, I, like, say it's for profit, it's for ratings. You know, the same thing with a billets of church, first bus CBS, you know, Hey, I think, if I thought of a looking woman talking about sports, I get, I get excited about it. And we, in so it's for profit, I cannot believe, are you response or TV's are giving me these days? Yeah, okay. Have a good night, Neil. I'm the program. Thank you 1031 at Wins, the CBS Morning News on television, of course, which was here in Miami. Yesterday, and this morning, we have just heard is now moving to the Cape, tomorrow at least. And perhaps for the balance of the week. So those of you who think that I'm overreacting, I can assure you, if you didn't see the graphic and tragic pictures today, if you missed the first 2000 demonstrations, tomorrow and through the rest of the week, believe me, you will have ample opportunity to see it. Over and over and over and over and over again until you begin to believe that it wasn't real. That it was something out of Star Trek or Star Wars or Buck Rogers or any of those things. But it certainly can't any longer be real after you've seen it the first 500 times. And Steve Daily mentioned the grotesque pictures on the evening news on the local newscasts that we have to watch of the bodies and the blood and the gore and lifting of the sheets. So we get make sure that they see all the gore and all the garbage. We talk about journalism. They ought to be some of these people ought to be ashamed to even utter the word. Hello, Mr. Rogers. Hi. I got a few points and I believe I have a bit of a unique perspective on the whole thing. I'll get to that in a moment. But my thoughts were that it was such an unbelievable thing. It was probably the most beautiful takeoff that we saw. I'm a photographer. I was very impressed. I wish I had been there when I first saw the replays of it. It would have been gorgeous photograph. And then it's totally unbelievable thing occurred. Yeah. The thing with the media coverage, the media were there. Media weren't at the bombings and the hijackings while they were occurring. They were there today. So we had the opportunity to see this live, to be aware. It was happening right then. Okay. And people like to know what's happening right then. They get complacent later on. Well, wait a minute. When you say it was happening right then, what happened happened within a period of two or two and a half minutes? Right. I realized that. But they stayed on because the ships were going into the area. Even though we saw this horrendous thing happened, I think everybody and I still did. Even though I saw with my own eyes, but I still wanted to have a little hope for these people. And not to make these people any more of a hero's than the guys that were blowing up and they root. The thing is it was happening right then. And we still had a little bit of chance of a hope. Well, wait a minute. But let's slow down. This is another one of the fabrications of some of the people in the media and again, absolutely irrational. And some of the NASA people also responsible for this. Anyone who saw that, anyone who witnessed that explosion. It's not irrational thought. It's just a human thought. No, but let me finish my point. Anybody who witnessed that explosion and really held out even the my noticed bit of hope that anyone can sir could survive that explosion. I had to be in a dream world. There was no possibility. No, I don't think it's a dream world. It's it everyone still holds out a little bit of hope even dying people. I mean, they still have that one little grain of hope and it helps a little bit. The playing over and over of it, just it made you believe it. Okay, by watching it this. It made you believe what? The major belief it really did happen. Okay, I heard it on the radio at first and I came home from work and I turned on the television. And I was crying the first time and then I started thinking that it really did happen. And I think that's that's why it went on for so long because first they were there was some type of hope. Maybe some answers for it coming with the ships reaching the crash site. They had said that it could flow for an hour if it did come down intact. Which at that point, you know, I saw a little bit of a clip where something was floating down and it looked like something spinning. Okay, and you could almost see triangle or rings. Wings. I did. I only saw that one time they never showed it again on any clip. Did you happen to see that piece? Yeah, but that was certainly not the capsule and which the, No, it's when I talking about a capsule or it's a triangular shaped craft. And that's from that's what I saw on there. Okay, and it looked like it was spinning floating flat and spinning. So I wanted to see more and I wanted to see if they would get any information. And the network stayed on because the president started having talks. So they stayed on there and then now says that they were going to have a press conference at 330, which didn't occur and it still had an occurred at 4 when I left for my other job in the evening. And it still had an occurred by the time I got that job at 430. But can I point something out to you? Okay, but they had to fill in the time. When nobody didn't have to fill in the time, this is the point I'm trying to make to you is that television doesn't operate that way. In the history of television newscasting, I doubt that with perhaps so 4 or 5 exceptions, maybe a few more than that, but not many. There have never been a 6 or 7 hour continuous reporting on any nature event. The assassination of President Kennedy would be one exception. Although even then I'm not sure that we call that it went on uninterrupted for 7 or 8 hours. I don't think it did. And I'm quite frankly, I can't think of any other one in the history of television reporting. And what they generally do is they give us the information they have it a given time. They have footage to show us which they did. They could have showed it once or a couple of times. And then we go back to the other programming, not that we need to go back to the Bainality that that works are showing. But in other words, as to avoid this appearance of trying to create, whatever it is that they were trying to create. It wasn't necessary. It was waiting for you to be hoping. All they had to do was go back at any point they would cut in. When NASA had the press conference, when it began, they would cut into the regular programming. Just as they did here on radio. We had news bulletins from CBS all throughout the day. The point was made that people were tuning in. People were calling if it fans up saying, have you heard about this? I stopped at the supermarket and the news was traveling around. And everybody said, well, as soon as I get home, I'll turn it on. People wanted to see it then. People wanted to see it then. As soon as Paul. Let me ask you something. Did people want to see the crash of that hot air balloon in the Midwest. A couple of months ago, did where they calling up CNN saying, gee, I just got home. I heard about it. Can you show it again? So we see it a hundred times or 500 times this weekend. You really believe that? You think that's why they showed it as often as they could create a way with doing. For unique. As you said before, we have become complacent. We are, there is overkill on there. I agree with you. But this something like this has never happened before. You think that people were calling in saying, I want to see Christom of Colony. Christom of Colony parents and the expressions on their face. Another 400 times before the afternoon is out. Saying that all the things that they said were right, all the things that they did were right. I'm not saying that. If they need to people were hoping for answers. They were hoping for answers. This is something that had never happened before. Well, let me ask you this. Well, when we had the plane crash in Dallas or any other major aircraft disaster, is there any person that is right mind to expect to get an answer within an hour or two hours or six or seven hours? It's on a herd of it. It doesn't happen. But they held out the fact that the ships were on the way. They may have had some kind of answer. And I do know something about the NASA program from having a relative. Very, very deeply involved with it for the last 20 years. And up until about the eight space shuttle. And they have the computers there. The answers that they can come up with. And they are so unreal. Okay, very, very few people can even comprehend every little detail that they know that is going on in those flights as they are occurring. So something could have happened there. So I see that point there. But my other point, my other point is that we are complacent. But I believe there's a lot of submerged pride here in the American people. And it comes out because it gets hurt. And it was hurt to... Well, I want to tell you something. I'd be a lot prouder to be an American. If we were feeding our poor. If we took care of our street people. If we opened up our mental institutions again, including the ones that the president closed during this two terms of Governor California, when he closed them up and put all those hundreds of thousands of people out on the streets, I'd be a lot more proud to be an American. If we had a social conscience and we took care of our people. And we didn't allow people to starve to that and freeze to death in the wintertime, that if we set up another 50 space shuttles, would school teachers and gymnasts and acrobatics and movie stars. And again, I'm not trying to demean anybody's memory. But that's not what it means to be proud to be an American or a French-menor and English-menor and anything man. Okay, American people also need heroes too. We've always had them. We've always looked up to them. And since the inception of this program, those people have been heroes to us. And like I was born in 56 and like the other gentleman, we grew up with that. People are aged and they were heroes to us, who's something so totally new and our imaginations were fired. And they were our heroes. So that's one of the reasons that it has hit so hard. The people who are on the playing... First of all, when you say it is hit so hard, that's all subjective. You don't know how hard it is hit. How many people and I work at a school, so there were students there. And it was very quiet, the mood was very subdued. Well, I'm not suggesting that people are laughing and playing today or that people weren't upset by it. But when you say it is hit this hard, if there's anybody in my audience who believes... I bet I... Man, let me finish my sentence. If there's anybody in the audience who believes that this has impacted American society, the way the television media has portrayed today, then they need a saliva test. No, I don't think it is as dramatic as that. But this is one of the instances where our national pride and our heroes have been hit very hard. And how about those Marines and Lebanon and Beirut? Did that affect our national pride when we sit there? It's over there to be sitting targets to be blown up by Kamikaze. You don't even know why they're there in the first place? No, I cried today, but I screamed when I saw that on the news. Yeah, well, I wish the news media would have screamed as loud as you did. I appreciate hearing from them. And that's what they're saying. So those people who have children in school, if they do not demand excellence from their elected officials, if the public will not demand it, you're not going to get it no matter how much you're in, it is. It is our problem. As citizens, and if we're not prepared to stand up to it, that's the reality. Well, let me ask you a question. Okay? If what you say is true, then how come last Tuesday, all of America was so concerned about school teachers? I don't think they were. Okay, that's the point that I'm trying to make it. I'm glad there's at least somebody out there who's honest at it. The president was very effective in locking on to that symbol. And I think for some reason, and it's to me quite frankly, a mystery why those seven people as tragic as it was. God knows it was. But certainly not as tragic as the 241 Marines who were put into a war zone without ammunition. No question about it. And why the public responded and why the national media hopped on to that. And we had a week of gorging ourselves on the details. Frankly, mystifies me. I don't know what orchestrated it or what purposes. My only feeling is they jumped on it so quick. And I do feel it was orchestrated. And the only thing that comes to my mind about the second or third day in, I think it was on NBC or I forget that. About 10 seconds. A individual in the 70s had x-ray those boosters and found the middle fatigue. He recommended to to NASA that they x-ray them before rebuilding them. Yeah. And they turned it down as costing too much money. And anyone who knows any about metal energy knows that the only way to tell stress. Yeah, I got to run. I got the news coming, but I really appreciate hearing from you. Nice talking. Thanks a lot. I have asked on the program to hear from people who remember it. It's not that many years ago. When there were no metal detectors at airports or any place else it was on herd of. And we have a whole generation of young people today who've grown up in this atmosphere and in this climate. And we just all go along and we accept that this is the way the world is supposed to be. And I'm beginning to understand perhaps a little bit better why we're in this trendy kind of mood because anything that we can indulge ourselves into escape even if it's tragedy like last week. Anything that we can immerse ourselves in for a short period of time that will help us to tune out all of the reality of the world because we can't cope with it. We just can't cope with it. And I don't have any answers. I really don't, but I just keep asking myself where the hell does this stop? Let's go back to your calls and we'll start this hour in North Dade. Hello. Hi. Are we getting Graham and Hawkins? Amen. Get rid of them both. I agree with you, how do I say? You know, I'm very upset regarding what are they going to do with the welfare recipients? They wanted to get jobs, but yet they're not going to friendly for occasional trading to train them. I mean, they just can't go to an employer and say, here I am. Yeah, I agree. That's a train these people. Now, something else that I find very disturbing. The president, President Reagan has asked Congress to increase the funds for the D.A. and S.B.I.s. to sit great to fight drugs. I've got the rights you're doing that I do. They're doing such a great job. You win might as well take that money and burn it. I don't understand what's going on. We, you know, the job that we are doing, if you call it a job is such a forest and such a tragedy. And I don't really believe that we have the will or the desire to fight drugs. I believe that at every, I don't believe I know that at every level of our society, there are people being paid off to look the other way or to become involved themselves. Just like we've had here in South Florida with cops, not only pedaling drugs, but even involved in murder and anybody who believes that we're really even making a dent in it, or scratching the surface is very nice. We want to increase funding. Well, you know, it's justification for people who work in those areas. That's job justification. The all have something to tell you that's bad and important. On one hand, this administration is a lot of hungry people. And they can't get food stamps. And do you know what they're doing? They're going to these churches that are on TV. They're just, are giving them this feedbacks of groceries. And then they're preaching to them, they're closing them. And that's why you have so many new wet wingers. Did you notice? Well, I don't really know who the people are here. I don't know who the people are you talking about. Because I don't believe that there are that many people who are being fed and closed by the... They are. Why does you, and this is still out the patching? All those are the shelves. Uh-huh. What are the, is this 700 crep? I don't know what that is. That's Pat Robertson. There you go. Yeah. See that? And you can't blame the people, I mean, they're so grateful. Well, they're doing a good PR job. They would like you to believe that they're dealing with the needs of millions of people. And it's only a handful of people. I think that you're getting swept up in their publicity. I don't think that they're really helping anywhere near the number of people that they would suggest to you. I heard it. Well, where you heard it, I don't know, but I don't believe it. Very good to hear it. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks for calling. Let's go to Miami Beach, shallow. Miami Beach. Once twice the gun, Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. Good evening, Mr. Daniel. I would like to stress my opinion about this base program. I think this base program should be abolished. That is a lot of ways. It's a human life. It's spending billions of billions of dollars just for nothing. You're wasting money and wasting human life. Now, I agree. I believe that I'm money that you're spending in that problem. You're being education. Well, to go back to the college just before the 9 o'clock news, we don't care about education. And the input here so far in the first 40 minutes is living testimony to that. We don't care about our teachers. We don't give a damn about education or the quality of education. Almost people want for the education system to be as a babysitter for their children. And, you know, that's the bottom line and the top line in the middle line. There are some parents of course who don't fit in the bad category. But I think the overview of education in this country is that it is not terribly important. Then we have become an increasingly anti-intellectual society. There is no premium on intelligence. The government of this country doesn't want anybody to be a smart. They just want to be the people of this country to be ignorant. Well, no question about that. This administration certainly is anti-intellectual. That's their whole thrust is to undermine public education. And to go back to the days of states rights and discrimination. This is a hurry. Also, I don't know if you heard Dini. The rest of you are Miami. You don't have much cost now to go over there. 25,000 dollars a year. To go to, you know, to study a career over there now. Yeah. I believe it's terrible. You know, like I said before, that money should be like, you know, for three. They should free, you know, even the ones who study higher career. You should be free. And although the spill is of dollars expanding, that's the problem. It's, it's for nothing. It's a waste of money. A waste of human life. Well, you know, again, it's a question of priorities. And if we had lots of extra money lying around that we didn't know what to do with, I would think it would be wonderful to continue exploring the depths of space and to continue sending people as far as we can, you know, indulging ourselves in this exercise and this kind of buck Rogers type exercise. But in the meantime, we have so many other pressing needs and we've got this enormous deficit when we have to pick and choose. We have to select those things that are the most important and where we're going to spend the money and the idea that now all of a sudden it's become so fashionable and so trendy for the majority of the people say, oh, yes, we have to do these things on time and we have to keep on and we got to send the next one up in June and no matter how much it cost, we're all in favor of it. There's something desperately wrong with our priorities. That's right. We are wrong. I know why I'm there. You see all those young people you know, turning to drugs and crime and killing. And I feel sorry for them because they don't have no place to go. They can order 4 to 2 half a year in their lives. They are very depressed and they're going down. Okay. Okay. Appreciate your comments. 914 at WINC and open line in date 624-0191 and we lost two people in Broward during the newsbreak. We have two open lines in Broward 764-0707-07. Miami, hello. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think first of all this about building a new shuttle is ludicrous. If I'm not crazy, if I'm not mistaken, we have three others, don't we? Yes. And you know, where these people said that. And to go on being worried about shuttles and advanced technology and everything. We should also be worried about technology in the future near 2010. Because the children that are supposedly being educated now will be the scientist and, you know, features then. Yeah. Very good point. And I don't know. Can people really be that apathetic? Yes, they are. People are not only apathetic but they're easily led. They want to be a light sheep. They are not only light sheep but they want to be light sheep. They want somebody to tell them what to think and how to feel and how to react. And that's exactly what you've been watching these last 8 or 9 days. And I just can't believe that it continues. It just goes on and on and spreads into everything. It's spread into the Presidents stated the Union address last night. It's spread into all of the public reaction to it and the budget proposals today. And all we keep hearing about is, oh yes, we've got to spend billions for space exploration. And we have to keep the program going. We have to do this and we have to do that. We have to compete with all of this other baloney. And it's just a lot of mindless words coming from people who have been programmed into believing that this is what is. The trendy thing to say. True. Last week we could take one tenth of our defense budget and put it toward education. We'd be a hell of a better off that way. You bet. Okay. Thanks for calling 915 at WINZ. We have an open line in date 624-0191 and one open line in Broward 764-0707. And as I said, I can't imagine that there could be any open lines at any time during this discussion. But I think that's a great idea. Because America is all taken up with teachers and with education and with our young people. This is if we are to believe all of the media hype and all of the assault of words that we've been Pelted with the past seven or eight days. This is the only thing that America cares about now. This is the number one priority. How that's possible beats the day lights out of me. But that's what we're supposed to believe. So let's hear about those teachers and let's hear about education and let's hear how much you care. And let's hear about how brilliant we are as a people. I think also in the news today and I could be mistaken in the same way I mean news that had the article about the seat belts. There was a clipping about literature in the last half of the century. I don't have it here in front of me. I guess I put that aside. But if I can find it, I'll pass that along because it was right on target. Let me just repeat in case you missed it from CBS at the top of the hour. A knife wielding man has taken more than 200 people hostage. A board of Delta Airlines jet at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport. And airport spokesman says it's believed the person is in the cockpit area of the L1011 jet. There have been no reports of violence. The jet is parked at the Delta terminal. And we'll bring you more information on that as soon as it becomes available from the wire services and from CBS. I'll point us to the United States. 19 past nine at WI and Zia and a Wednesday night near Rogers, when it's till midnight, Bill Colter, the birthday boy, be along at 12 tonight. Let's go to Miami next. Hello. Hello. Yes. How can you just sit there and cut down the space program as you are? That's one of the best programs we have going now. I hope one day to be an astronaut myself. And I believe the money we are spending is worthwhile. I mean, it is you talking about you want technology. I haven't said anything about wanting technology. I said what I'd like to do first is take care of people who are starving to death and people who need vocational training so they can get a job and a feed. There's no reason to be starving. I mean, this is we are the richest. One of the least one of the richest. Well, why are we allowing it to go on? How about people who are freezing to death of north? Are they doing it? I'm allowing. They should be able to do it themselves. That's what I like to hear. They got a lift themselves up by their bootstraps, right? They shouldn't be sitting there and just complaining. I mean, all those people sitting there are well-fared on needed. I'm not talking about people on welfare. How about the farmers in the Midwest who are starving to death? Do you ever watch the news? Or do you just sit watching buck Rogers? Oh, come on. The farmers, okay, that is a big problem. But I mean, I'm we're trying to help the farmers, but still, that's... Are we really? What are we doing for them? I don't know. I mean, I've seen the rock. These issues are trying to help. Oh, isn't it? Oh, I see. So in other words, every time people are desperate, they're going to have another concert, that's your solution to that. And all of the tax dollars we ought to use to subsidize the space program. I mean, the budget's derived into different things education and all that, but you know, I mean, it's going to go on as far as it can go. I mean, farming, they should be... Well, the hell with the farmers and the hell with the teachers and the hell with everybody else. We're going to send you out there in space so you can be a real full-fledged space cadet. 21 minutes past nine at WI and Z, we have an open line in date. It's two four, oh, one nine one. You know what that reminds me of? The other day they were asking school children. They were asking all these different groups of people. Would they go up in the space shuttle? Now, of course, it's a loaded question to begin with because if you're a much-o, you're going to be brave. You're going to go up in the next one. They're going to be aligned there. And the interesting thing, did you hear that CBS News survey? They have that young girl. I can't think of her name, but she does these silly polls for CBS radio. And she asks people these in-aing questions and they bring her on and they pretend that she's serious, which is amusing in itself. And she did the survey and she breaks it down and she's got all the demographics. And she reported that the older women were less inclined to travel on a space shuttle. The older men, of course, being more macho, the majority of them would go. But among the youngsters, there wasn't much difference. The girls in the boys, the overwhelming majority said they would go. Well, of course, any child is going to say, sure send me up. I want to be on the next one. I want to be a space cadet. I want to be an astronaut. I want to be an outer space. And what is that prove? I wonder. What is that prove? Twenty-two minutes past nine and wins Hollywood. Hello. Well, Neil? Yes. I got a few numbers that might interest American people. As far as the old expenditures and armaments, stays. Of course, that it takes to build one nuclear missile. We can see the needy all over the United States for a whole month. With the course that it takes to build a whole bunch of whole three of four missiles with their silos, we can get three education college education for the entire future generation. So they can learn how to make this planet more survivable instead of learn how to destroy it. With the course that it takes to build a nuclear bombers, and that will probably take the most, we can double the salary of the newly found heroes, the teachers of the United States. Yeah. And we can go on and on. But... Isn't it amazing we have heroes, many of whom are making $12,000,000 a year? Yeah. They really have the newly discovered heroes. We can really double their salaries and make their efforts worthwhile, instead of spending so much on nuclear bombs and missiles and all that. Now, granted that the space program gave us a whole lot of technology and it's really a new frontier and it's exciting. No question about it. Yeah. Right. You know, when you own a house, what do you worry about first? Fixing the inside or fixing the outside? I mean, let's fix what we have for your first. Let's make it more survivable. Make it more livable for everybody. And then worry about our big yacht. You're going out to space. Yeah. Well, people have to come first. And that's why when I hear young people like this guy, a couple of calls back here, this young man who's so adamant about, you know, he wants to be an astronaut, so to hell with everybody else and let them take care of themselves. That's another rock concert. I wonder where he got his values from. But if we really, you know, President Reagan and the state of the Union address, so gallantly said, you know, they're texting the wrong people and met cut the taxes for their American family and everybody gave him a standing ovation. I bet you that everybody that collected hands are equally last night when back to their offices and the proving budgets for all those destructive weapons and space programs and everything else. It completely forgot about what they were really talking about is making the life of their Americans.