Making the life of the American. A little more important for our own. That you should be horny. That's not the thing for that. Thank you. Thanks for calling. That's it. Twenty-five minutes passed 9 a.m. In the name of the open line in Broward. 764, 0707. If there were any teachers in our Western audience, and we know of course the teachers have a lot of time. They don't have to correct papers. They don't have to prepare for the next phase. Why are you supposed to do this? Why are you supposed to do this? Why are you supposed to do this? Why are you supposed to do this? Why are you supposed to do this? The number of the rights of the news that come in about teachers was staggering. You think that everybody had a bad experience in school. By honestly, I had good teachers. I had them with teachers while I liked the school. I went to school and I stayed in New York and maybe that's part of the reason for it. For many years New York state has had the region system. They've had superior public education. Because the people in New York state, unlike the people in the Florida, have demanded it. And I had some outstanding teachers. But we don't hear about the good ones. They don't hear about as the ones that they go to high-lying. They only work 10 months out of the year. They're lazy and they're listening and then so on and so forth. So I ever hear about. But as I started to say, as there were any teachers out there. The newfound heroes of America this past week. I certainly wouldn't mind them to call it and share their reflections. I've found this newfound prestige that they discovered. Helen Grail, hello. Today it's time. I made four, four, four. I have a good book here. And now I'll read you your key book. Okay. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh, where's the last one? And the first one. I'll have to write it down. And get up to the last piece. Here. I'll have to write the page. I'll have to write the page. I'll have to write the page. I'll have to write the page. I'll have to write the page. But the only person coming from the police... What are you doing Mr. Bayley science threats? Rapper. I wrote the page and said that I made four determine. I went back there. And I used to prepare to show you the anywhere so I read, .... glass locker! Can you hear the lines? I wrote down to say that I thought it was originally being released... Then I've wrote it. But maybe I have a new meeting. Well, one person has a website. And you know what happens when I open the broadcast? You bet now I'm so wrong and I'm so scared But I'm gonna cry for the past When I run to you I'll listen to my song I'll cry for the past I'll cry for the past I'll laugh if I'm cutting a car again for a talk In the night I don't know where to go But I'll smile if I'm running up and down But I'll cry for the past It's just a cussing line to the top And I'll cry for the past I'll cry for the past But I'll cry for the past But I'll cry for the past and for the past, you know. Sure. The two of us look at the past experience. Can I get some? Don't hold your breath. I'll have it there. Can I have it? No. Nine of the two of us are going to find you. We'll hide out on the ground. We'll be in the right. The both sides. We'll be preparing for the new place. We'll have to go. We'll have to go. That's it. You, you're so wise. It's the best part of the world. I've slapped my ass out here. But I haven't cooked up a circulation mark, but try to force somebody to teach me. I've kind of open my eyes and what? And am- but I have had a place to do it... but I don't believe that's a good thirteen question. But as long as it doesn't do the thirteen problems I got my boy Gammel and I'm featuring him. I sure do. You remember that boy Gammel? Yes. I'm surprised at him. But I'm so happy to be here. And instead of taking it, I'm probably not in the school. The boy said that I'm really a dog. That's the boy's dad. Two to the top. A dog has a dog. That's right. I'm so happy to be here. This is Samuel's closest dad. This is Sarah's brother. Last week's man, Sarah was a dog. The rent was a dog. Is it a good father? No. The roof was a little bit dirty. But there was a cat. So this cat, that was the boy's mother's brother. The cat has the entire door from the back of the car. It's a little bit dirty. How does that thing go? No. In the black N9? Where's he? Search Grotona. Rock Yun. Marco. Xue см. Go structure. Go fetch. Go start a course of course. Go to Frlie's career. You know it says we see in Hollywood poetry. Think about partner English music. Now what's the first answer? Is that love? So what? Darling, let's answer. I just saw that, I just saw that. And if this goes on, I'll bring back that in the past. You know, I'm bringing these down, or the people from the country, or the people from the country, or the people. Look at all the mental institutions that we opened up, and sent people out on the streets and closed doors in New York City. There are thousands of those people. The one governor went crazy and a regular governor of California, that's the same thing out there. And who knows how many hundreds of thousands of people who are mentally ill are roaming the streets and the sleeping on sidewalks and so on and getting no care. Because again, we as a people have decided, this is not one of those things we want to pay for. Just that doesn't matter. But there are people who are being too busy. And I just think that's unbelievable. I just go out and talk to the 70 people. But they are too far. I haven't had it. I've got to free the 21.20. I've got 20.20. And 20 hours. And for a self-educated, my story down below. For a little bit. I'm not helping my husband or his father. I have to get out of the credit card so that I don't know the lyrics. I'm not asking for a second. I've got a third question. What's the time to be ready to be broken down? What time is it to the close crowd recently out there? Yes. And that's the right order. And that's the right order. And that's the right order. So that's the reason you've just got to the base. Correct order. So that's the right order. You're talking about? Right. I'm just... That's how I feel. So I can have a try. That's how I feel. I felt it. You're telling me that there's an area. That's how I feel. Yeah. They wouldn't change to. They wouldn't change jobs for those teachers. For 10 times a hour. On our side of the river. That's the path. That's how I feel. I feel it also doesn't have a resolution. That's the reason I felt it. I've got a third order. Yeah. Okay. I understand what you're saying. I really appreciate hearing that. Thank you. Thank you. But 934 at WI and Z. There's an open line in Broward. 764, 0707. And I'm glad that she called. Because what she says is so true. I was talking earlier at the beginning of the hour in the wake of this new story that came over the CBS News and the wire services about this hijacking and Dallas. About how things have changed in such a relatively short period of time. And in the same as true in education. I graduated high school in 1960 and I've told you this many many times and it's true. It's not cornball and it's not fiction. It's absolutely true. The idea that anybody in school then would have shown up stone in the morning or any time during the day is outrageous. Wouldn't it be accepted? They'd have been out of school on their ear. And the parents would have been in their demanding. Not to know from the teachers but from the kids what the hell was going on. Because even as late as that 1960 in the early 60s the public education system still had the support of the public. But not anymore. Now it's this adversary business that we brought them into us against them. And as a result of that as a result of my Johnny can never do wrong. And it's always the teachers who are wrong. And the principles who are wrong and the system that's wrong. As a result of that our system is going to hell on a hand basket. And how in the world you expect any teacher. Good batter indifferent to do the best possible job. When kids come in in the morning with a totally defiant attitude in many cases when they come in stone when they don't show up. And they're there one day and up and X three. It's lunacy what's going on in this country. 25 minutes before 10 at WI and Z. 938 at WI and Z on the arraggers. We're here on midnight tonight to learn. Tony Segretto channel for sports will be here. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale next time. I'm in the direct rescue of our children in the state. I like to control the previous color. I've talked about lottery not raising money for education. Yeah. And I was into my team to Florida. And what it had to do with was just automatically passing students along. In other words, you just kind of show up every day. And I can't think of them. They finally the legislature finally passed a law to abolish it about 1977. As I recall about nine years ago. But we had a term for it. And I came to the state and I thought, what the heck is that all about? In other words, they just automatically passed people along. What is it? No, they don't know. I'm not sure. Don't pretend that you know what it is. What is it? Why are you shaking your head? Yes. See, he's a product of the Florida school system. Right? He went to school in the Gables or somewhere here. And he's shaking his head. Yes. And I say, OK. What is he? I don't know. So I can't ask you what day is it? And he says, three 30. 20 minutes before 10. At WINZ, it'll come to me. It'll come to me. I can't think of the term that we used to use for that. But it was lunacy. In other words, we just keep pushing people ahead. And even if they had all failing grades, once they got to a certain age, they're gone. They're out on the street. We give them a piece of paper. And we used to give them a little piece of paper that wasn't really in the poma. But we didn't want to embarrass them in front of all their other students. So we used to just give them, you know, a piece of piece of the hair old or the mimey news. Whatever it was. Let's go to Miami next. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. I'm a teacher. And I'm totally poor. That's that break. And it's considering cutting the budget for education to our citizens. They would not get enough. The such a need for small classrooms, more teachers. I'd give them type of classrooms to meet the needs of the children. For example, you spoke about children with learning disabilities being in the regular classrooms. Or emotionally handicapped children being regular classrooms. It really makes it very difficult for a teacher to do a bigot of their specific skills. And you would be taught it there, expected to do. And, you know, I just ended a lot more than to be down to you for a lot or whatever. But I'd like you to say I'm the pole by the way, because you're trying to get in a special room to catch children who really are never being mad at this point in that he's cutting it even more. Well, you know, when you look at the entire education system in our country, and obviously not all of the different funds. But just look at the whole picture and realize how little we're doing with people as individuals. Because the previous caller said, while we do have in some counties and some states gifted student programs and other special education programs, those are very limited. They're few and a far between. And for the most part, we just lump all the kids together. We throw them in together. And we just hope, you know, that they can get the most that they possibly can and survive it. That's not the best that we can do for people. And again, when you talk about the formative years, when people are picking up the skills that are going to make or break them during the course of their lifetime, how in the world can we as a society, not here and more than we do, I just can't understand it. Well, I think it's a different need to care more because I have major concern about the future of our country. When I, you know, get the type of BB education, I just being given and the lack of meeting the children to individual needs. I really get very concerned about what our country is going to be able to produce 50, 100 years from now. And, you know, there's a sort of just, I'd like to see a change in the attitude of special data support. And, you know, perhaps when they will see it. So, I don't know if you wanted to put my comments in. Okay, thanks a lot. I appreciate hearing from it. But when we're thinking, my son was also in the young child, the old that the space shuttle donations that we get in our positive and he's for it. So, just from the child's standpoint, that's his view, our dad. Okay, thank you. 17 before 10 at WI and C, there was an attendance certificate that they used to give these kids that they would move along. And there was a term for moving them along from one year to the next. And it just escapes me now, which is frustrating to me. But I'm sure a lot of people know what I'm talking about. And then a lot of kids would just, you know, we had graduation time. Some kids would get a diploma. And the ones who just showed up every day and had failing grades, they'd give an attendance certificate. Which said they showed up? They, you know, runters with you on a Thursday, don't start or be a long midnight. And don't forget ABC Talk Radio from midnight to five starting next Monday. I roughed a stealth from midnight to three and ran from the free until five every morning. Let's go to hell and Dale next. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Hello. Hello. Say it again. So keep saying it. I'm five. I'm a double being. No, no. Stop saying hello. See how long you can do it before you pass out. You are very. You're very. Keep going. Pa, don't hang up. That's it. He gave up. Now, there's a mail. How old were you say he was? 65, 68, 70. And the best he can do is to call in a radio talk show and say, You are a fairy. You are a fairy. That's what we have in South Florida. Have I told you they're going to a second child who a lot of these people? That's the best he can do. Sir, if I may fairy, then you are Miss Twinkle Toes. Okay? You are in the Twilight Zone. You are tragic. That call by the way was from Helen Dale. Isn't that incredible? One of those, what, what are those poor people who need all the early bird dinners? They live in their $153,000 condos. They need all the breaks they can get, right? I mean, let's face it. If you had those kind of mortgage payments, you need breaks too. Another good one. Boy, I hope this guy is so thrilled with him, So now he's going to go down right now to the card room Until all the boys he called that Rogers fairy on the radio And really let him have it. And they're all going to sit around. Oh, they're all going to have the good chuckle for the day. Then they're going to take the died yell and go to bed. They're my lantern and they're going to go to bed in a half hour. Isn't that great? Is that what life's all about? That's exciting. Pal, you are what is wrong with this town. And there are thousands exactly like you. They are cloned from you and your miniscule brain. That somehow brought it. Be generated when you cross the Mason Dixon line. We've discussed that. We've debated it so many times. What is it that happens to so many people when young old in between? When they cross the Mason Dixon line, there is a guy standing there. And they must pass through a checkpoint. And the man of the checkpoint performs an instant lobotomy. It's got a tiny little beam like a laser. And all he does is pull you don't even know it's happening. And you'll look out to Vin De and he points it at your head and bingo instead lobotomy. And they come down and by the time they arrive here, it's like mindless and incredible. First of all, Miramar, hello. Hello, Miramar. Hello. Yes. Hello, I'm just doing fine. I've had four brilliant calls in a row. I'm trying to intimidate and calling myself because I really don't know where to begin with you. You're so up and around in a bag. Really, like you said, it's a being around the shell wound up. So. I know. Well, I probably should kind of leave back in the chair. Could be a little more laid back for some photo right? I probably slowed down and played it really easy. And have a little glass of tea and just relax, right? Oh, I can't stop listening. I'm going to go to the final. Meet the other exposing themselves on a radio to thousands of people who are sitting out there laughing themselves silly. I know. I don't get this kind of entertainment anywhere else, do you? You know, after no money. And you bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. You bet. And you bet. And you bet. And the end of you I did, and you listen to them and tell their story. And the woman plays poorly. No, that was another one. I couldn't believe it. I thought I was going to die. I couldn't believe it. Now did you think that His story was worthwhile? And did you think that He had something to submit this message to deliver? Well, we need more house. Of course. Yes. Yes. where people that had no idea where this man was coming from? At all. And it's a pitiful. Absolutely pitiful. First call we get tonight. The first call out of the box tonight. The guy with the passport and then he's the one that called back by the way. He was the same one we had on a moment ago. With the cellophine, third the other one. The were the Philippines and the ferry. Right. He's think your bail on his way to Minilla. This employee music is a down the line. I've heard of the company and how it is. Tell the employees that if that's what they want to do to you. You do it back to them. I like music. I like music by the way in the beginning. I like Peter Paul in the end. I have a call coming in. Okay. I think it's not you forever. Well, listen, it's great hearing from a voice of sanity or our first one tonight. And maybe if we're lucky we'll hear from another one. I want to talk to you. So I'm going to let this call go. Okay. I'll talk to you instead. I'm going to let it buzz. Anyhow. I think it's the guy from hell and they'll buy the way is calling. That's okay. Let him call. You know, when I realize that they say have, you know, work whatever. And they're down here to retire. But I have to list too. And so does everybody else. And I would love free checking without having to $2000 minimum deposit. Yeah. You know, we're mentally successful. They are even other food is incredibly mediocre. The environment, the service are embarrassing. They treat you like barbarians like animals and so on. And you drive by, especially at this time of the year. And you see that situation that goes on with people standing online for an hour and hour and a half People passing out from heat prostration on hot days. This is the epitome of what I'm talking about. And the fact is that when I discuss this, the response is so vitriolic and so venomous. You would think that I was attacking people's background. I was attacking their heritage, attacking motherhood. And that has to tell you something about what the priorities are here. That's not what it's all about folks. That's not what it's all about. And I asked a question a few days ago, maybe a week or two ago. And I've asked it several times in the ten years plus I've been on the year in this town. And I'm going to ask it to you again. Because I quite frankly don't understand what it is that makes Neil Rogers a successful in this town. Because the more that I'm here, the more that I realize that I don't have an awful lot in common with the majority of people who live here. And I'm not looking to undo my success and I'm not trying to chase anybody away. But I'm just questioning what it is that I think is important in life. The attitude, the values, the philosophy, anything that has a common bond with the people who continue to have for ten years plus now support of this program. What is it? I don't play my young. I don't play shuffleboard. I don't go to early bird dinners. I don't live in a condom medium and God help me if I ever do. What do I have in common with this town? The weather is great today was magnificent. The weekend's going to be a carbon copy. It's sensational. It's early March. They're freezing their tushies off of North grade. I lived through 30 years of that, which is why I'm here to be honest with you. Because why most of you are here to be honest. But what in the world do I have in common with all the people around the first three, what was it for? The first four calls tonight are living proof of that. Now I could sit here and I could have panned it. I could do once upon a time. Can get them free information. It's very easy to pander to it. You can have a succession of doctors and chiropractors. And there was a period of time when I did some of those shows. And the reason I do a hell of a lot less is because trying to listen to that kind of a dialogue is like a terminal. It's worse than liquor rock. If that's possible. Hell out. That whole routine again. You've heard it a million times and I understand that people have problems. A lot of people as they grow older, develop physical and firmities. I understand that. I wasn't born yesterday. I'm well aware of that. This program has made me age rapidly, trust me. So I know all about the infermities that we encounter as we grow older. All of the obstacles to living a long, helpful life. But a talk show isn't a place to solve them. At least not on a personal level. It's like those shows where they call in an asked for psychological help. I've never been able to understand the tonic grants and some of these other people. Why would anybody listen to that? Don't eat of you have enough problems of your own. Are you going to hear about the next guys problem? You do? No. I didn't think so. Each of us has got more than enough. Nobody lives a perfect life. How much money have got? Life is loaded with problems. I'm not going to spend my escape time or enjoy my time or entertainment time listening to somebody to talk about their personal problem. Who's the fantasy? Please. I'm miracle from God. I just for the life of me do not understand. What's it all about, Elfie? You've heard that song. You've heard that question over and over again. And I'm not saying it to be melodramatic. I'm not saying it to be theatrical. I'm saying it because I really and truly do not understand any common bond I have with the threads that are the essence of soft lorda living. And the essence of soft lorda living is not the jockey club in a cricket club and turn over. That's not what this area is all about. I mean they're here and the palm base club and judy maze out with their pineapple, and all those croutes. They're here, yes, and they are like. Lovely. And her shoulder pads is big as the Stephanie Stalls. I've heard of SNM and leather and all those other women. I think there's a fetish with shoulder pads. You've noticed John Crawford. I don't even mean David Cassidy. And upon the other tacos, in town is listening, I don't even mean Sean Cassidy. You know what I'm saying? Let's let it all out here tonight. Okay, let's let it all out and cut the crap for once. I said here night after night, I don't need this phone. You know what I'm saying? I do not need the phone. The phone and I know that Bill and I had differences on this. You know, it's kind of interesting. Oh, he's the one that ran from the phone, right? He also ran from the grave. He ran from the grave. He ran from the grave. He also ran from the grave yard. Shifting the abuse that he took, but that's another story. But he ran from the phone and bless him. He's going to add years to his life. And I've told him that he's happy. He's delirious and more power to him. You don't need this phone. And we had a couple of nice calls in a row here. And that's why I took a little rest because I thought, gee, let's not press our luck. You know, even Dale Murphy really hits more than two homerums in a row. And consecutive advance. Well, I'm going to tell you what I could do a show tonight that would bust this town wide open. I really mean that I could do it. Forget all this other baloney. Well, yeah, wouldn't it get out wide? Come here to this propaganda. How can you folks listen to that? I mean, that's get serious. Every single day, over and over and over again. It's so predictable. You know, which words are coming next. You can actually predict the words that are coming. They propaganda propaganda propaganda. Even figure out how to pronounce that one. And none of the pronunciations, by the way, is ever correct. That's the amazing thing. You figure by process of elimination by osmosis sooner or later. You're going to hit it right. It's like going to the track. Go into the dog track. There are only eight dogs in a race. You keep betting the three sooner or later. It's going to come in right now. Not on some of these shows. Unbelievable. I can sit here and say things that mean something to me. Not about some schlepper in the gables. They're set for his passport and got it in English and Spanish. And is having a cardiac arrest because he saw Spanish on a passport. Pal, I want to tell you something. I hope you live out. Are you sounded like you're up there in age, but I hope you live in even longer, helpful life. And that should be your biggest problem. A line stolen from my mother. That should be your biggest problem. I'm going to do a whole show. One of these days, in the world, according to Millie. I'm just going to lay out my mother's philosophy. Because in her wisdom, she isn't one of the early birds. She resents it. You know, she ate with her friends last year. She went to the deli then. Now, they do have an early bird at the deli then. She ate the myth that the whole world revolves around wolf becoons, Rascal house. That's the center of the universe, friends. That's the beginning. That's the end. That's the middle. That's the breakfast. The lunch. The lunch. The lunch. The lunch. The lunch. The lunch. The lunch. The middle. That's the breakfast. The lunch. The dinner. The late night snack. The early bird. The late bird. That's everything. And there are even young people when I bought my last car. At Colonial Pontiac. And I give them a plug. They're not a sponsor. But they've treated me very nicely. They've sold me two good cars in a row, knock on wood. And a gentleman who is the salesman. Who's about? I would say about my age. Maybe a little older. I don't really recall. But I certainly not a senior citizen. You'll never get any discounts at a marathon. I'll tell you that. He eats almost every day with his wife at the Rascal house. And he was kidding me about the fact that, you know, I talk about it. And we have this difference of opinion. And I say, you love it. It hurts so good. Like the song. It hurts so good. They should have put that song out by Perry Como. Little slower. Little, you know, little slow beat. They could have put Perry. You know, have did you ever see the thing on television with Perry Como on Saturday night live or was the other show that they had on? Were he was lying in bed singing? Uh, unbelievable. And my audience doesn't know what I'm talking about. I produce his laughing. He's not in his head. He saw it. You'll folks don't know what I'm talking about. Perry Como give us Rudy Valley. Rudy Valley. We don't have valley girls in South Florida. We have all of the girls in South Florida. It's unbelievable. It's incredible. I remember the I love Israel lady was doing a show from the beach. For a while was it on Sundays? On a Sunday? From the Eden Rock? All such a show. And you know why they stopped doing it after a few weeks because the crowd kept diminishing. And the people who came in. And the average age, the average demographic was 177. The people who came in didn't buy a drink didn't spend a dime. Didn't do anything to contribute to the business environment that they were trying to cultivate a little bit. And he said, hey, this is get serious. This is for the pardon the expression birds. Early late or in between. Yet rid of it. That's what the end they did. And I for the life of me do not understand why a great many of you people. Listen to this program. I don't want you to stop listening. I mean if you're getting some kind of massacistic thrill. Great. I hope that this program is applying more sexual excitement to senior citizens than anything else in South Florida. Let's get Fred Chots in here soon. Maybe he can psychoanalyze this whole situation. Maybe there are people who are sitting on their radio receivers when they listen to this program. The beach boys do we have good vibrations in the other room? Trust me that the only vibrations that some of our audience have felt for years. And the amazing part of it is that I sit here and I speak clearly in English. And yet it. And they don't have the foggyest idea of what I'm trying to say. Do they? And maybe they do. Maybe all those people that I meet out there, maybe everybody who constitutes the 99 and 910% of my listening audience, they all understand every one of them. And it's just the people on this far stunk enough phone. The phone. During the 10 o'clock news from CBS, which is piped in on a little satellite dish from New York, I'm going to take the telephone and I'm going to burn it. Now I don't care if the people at southern bell or AT&T. Who is it that owns the phone itself now? Southern bell? I don't know. And I don't care. I'm going to burn it right in the studio. And if any of the engineering people are listening and they don't like it to them, you know? I don't care. We don't need a succession of non-sequitors. We don't need. Back there I'm taking filming. I mean, if you could see the looks on the faces of some of my guests. And when somebody writes a stupid article in some broadcasting publication with all their research, you know, it's like these consultants who are people who can't get a job any place else is a radio consultant or a TV consultant. Because their misfits, they've been bumped out of every market in the country. They become a consultant and they go around and they'd scrub everybody else's station. Including a few who've been in this town. Oh, yes. Somebody writes a stupid article in one of the trade publications about what talk show listeners want to talk about the most and the thing that they enjoy the most, they don't care about the host, they don't care about the get. All the kiddic callers is what gets them to listen. Well, if that's the case, then John McEuse oughta business all together, right? 955 at WINZ last night we had Bertan and here. Volga discrimination that's committed here. Who are they to come out? And it was a promotion of this to that. But Papa Pipey. There are every kind of excuse that comes from these cochers out there who want to give me a song at a dance about why children are wanted, why young people are wanted. And as you listen to these shows and I know it's getting to be a regular discussion and you know something it's good, you know why? Because the truth is finally coming to the surface. All of these lies and all of these cover ups and all of the excuses and all of the packaging and all of the merchandising. The real truth is coming to the surface. Why did you just do like we did back in the 40s and 50s here when they had those disgusting signs about no Jews allowed and no blacks allowed? Why do we just put a big signs everywhere? No young people allowed. Why do we just have a referendum? Should we have a petition drive? Especially in Broward County. That would be good. Let's have a big petition drive and Broward. Let's forget about the important things like the lottery and casino gambling things that can be constructive to bring in money to educate our children and improve the quality of life. Let's have a big petition drive to outlaw people under 65 and Broward so I can move again. I mean I'm getting used to it now, I'm getting to be a pro.