That's right. What is I can't remember the title, but it's really good. I played the night promise in stones. I need you tonight. Do you think that Lee's got well, that's not getting to that. Now that's a thing that Lee Jelets the only guy in his station. You can play stones. No. We're play stone. Oh, yeah. He was good as say you will, but I saw that. Yes, through my right is that's a black and white rainy. Oh, rent this. Yeah. It makes no sense at all. They got the ellipse and the glass and as a matter of fact, I know who those lips might belong to. Huh, 643 on Zeta 4. You know the Mick Changers looks are bigger than Dan Marino speaking of Dan Marino. He opened up that new Italian restaurant last night. Congratulations on all of three plugs. You got Dan all over TV. Channel 4 must have some kind of incestuous relationship with Marino because man, they give him unbelievable, unbelievable free coverage. Like every day when a new restaurant opens, it's commonplace for all the local stations to give them like about a three-minute plug, right? Where is it? And tell everybody how great the food is. I'm not going to tell anybody where it is. I missed all right. I think about it. Okay. Like he really needs the money. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Scrum. I shouldn't say that. He's okay. He's a great quarterback and a wonderful guy and he's got big lips. It's 1247. I'm saying it a four. No, I'm just I'm not into that like self-serving jump on a bandwagon. Let's raw raw for the sting and the hurric, do I say the sting? What is the name of the team again? What team? The basketball team. All the heat. Oh, the heat. No, what did I say? The sting. Well, that bizarre must be the concert coming up. Anyway, or whatever it is, the hurric canings, all the other stuff. The shill stuff, you know? Yeah. It's one thing to be an athletic supporter, but let's get serious. That is a good name, though. Yeah, the sting. Why me sting? Better. Yeah. We better call a police. That's a better name. Okay. Should we take a call before the news? A couple of lines open and day in the course as soon as I said that we're going to play a five-minute cut almost everybody disappeared. You know, that's the way you people are. You have no sting power anymore. Remember back in the early days of the show, I guess the novelties worn off. Is that what you do? How loyal they used to be our oils in a list here? They would hang on forever to get to talk to us. Now it's like, oh, he's playing a record. Scrum. That's like that kind of stuff. Yeah. We take one from Broward County. Sure. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. I've been trying to get a hold of you, since you first came on the air and I had to go over on the FM. He used to call you on the AM. Really? With the ones from Rochester, New York and Canada, what area we used to call you? Uh-huh. But let me tell you something that happened. We went to, um, I love the reverb on the car. We went to Rochester. Yeah. That was a bit mistake. That's right. And we ordered some white huts. And we had the mail to you direct from airfare, you know, air freight. Yeah. What happened to them? They were, they were refused when we sent them there. Why is that? I have no idea. If you said, come from our refused, and we mail them to the station. Custom are refused? Yeah. Oh, I'm not here. They weren't there. Not by me. Uh-huh. Maybe not by you. But they were refused because that's what it said on the box. Oh, that's great. Is that what we turned to us? Oh, my god. Well, listen, I thank you anyway for the sentiment. I wonder who the idiot was here that did that. Well, I don't know, but there was an idiot there that did. And then we were, uh-huh. A lot of idiots here. And then we weren't being able to get a hold of you any, because you had gone into the FM. And every time we tried to call you, lime was busy. But anyway, that's what happened. And it was refused by somebody over there. And I just want you to know that we did do it for you. Well, I appreciate the sentiment was there. And that's what counts. But anyway, let me tell you something else. Yes. Somebody driving around in plantation with a driver's license on the, I mean, you know, one of his license plates on the front. Uh-huh. It's a Z8 and 94. And he'll Rogers. Wow. Or do they get that? I have no idea, but I saw it in plantation. It says night. It's a broadwood mall. It says no Rogers on it. Yep. It's a Z8 and 94 in the corner. Then it had Neil Rogers and the other corner. Huh. But if you do, you don't know where they're getting them. I have no idea. We don't, we don't have them. They must have had that done themselves. Oh, must be, but they're strunts. Couple of them in the broadwood mall. A couple of them? Yeah, there was a B-Rand of front of their, um, you know, front of their cars. Well, somehow I feel pretty, pretty stupid, you know, because I know nothing about that. Yep. Well, they're there. I'm sure that our promotion department knows nothing about it either because they're real stupid. Well, they're around, trust me. Okay. Listen, have a great day. Good to. And thanks again for the sentiment. I'm sorry that they didn't get here, but that I didn't get a hold of them, but, you know, well, okay. Thanks. Have a nice day. Another shame. Some jackass sent my Whitehots away. My sentiment's exactly. Robin Williams, new movie Good Morning Vietnam is number one at the box office. It was the top draw, earning almost $12 million and it's first weekend. Next on the list was last week's leader, three men and a baby with eight million dollars in ticket sales. And a third-place shares brand new release, Moon struck with five bayonets. By the way, the next film on the list is called Return of the Living Dead Part Two. Oh, I can't wait for them. That's about hell in there. Yeah, it is. It's a matter of fact. Story for Stan Major now. Calch Patatos will rise up from their sofas this weekend at the Hyatt in Lincolnwood, Illinois. That'll be Saturday in Sunday. He couch Patatos weekend. It's called. And that will include a discussion of TV therapy and also Patatos Olympics. And I have a feeling there's not much to those. I don't know. Anyway, I have an 800 number. If you want more formations, I'm betting on the skins myself. 1-800-228-9000 to get you more information on that. Get it? Patatos skins? I got it. I got it. I got it. It's wanted to make sure. No, no worries. You're in a slow on. You know, I know. You can order LA law. When they'll come to the day to shut the hell up. Okay. He pilots for the NBC series. We'll be freaking me out again. It'll be the pilot will be in video stores in March. It's a 97-minute cassette in a features the episode that won the show three Emmys, including one for Best Guest Star, who was Alfred Woodard, one for Best Recting and one for Best R-direction. Partly cloudy today with the Hyatt V82. Lodolite 70. Come on. And it's 70 degrees at Zeta 4 at 653. Oh, it's a lot of good news. It's in 1974. It doesn't have to be old to be in classic. 4. It's the Neil Roger show on Zeta 4. 656 on a Tuesday morning here on Zeta 4 for delicious, incredible Mexican food served fast. Without the fast food taste, you have to try fiesta tacos in Kendall. Not your average fly by an eye taco stand. Fiesta tacos has been a business for 10 years. I'm getting choked up just thinking about it. And everything they serve is cooked from scratch. It's not incredible. Look at that. I just looked at Captain Dave when I said that. He just totally panicked. Everything they serve is cooked from scratch with only the freshest homemade ingredients and believe me you're going to taste the difference. At Fiesta tacos tonight is taco night. That means from 4 o'clock this afternoon to closing. You can get your choice of three beef, being or combination tacos for only two bucks in 19 cents. It's a great deal. It happens every Monday and Wednesday night. Wait a minute. It says it's a great deal. It happens every Monday and Wednesday night at Fiesta tacos. Is today Wednesday? Have you become like a tongue tied or something in there now? What is your story? I'm talking on the phone. Oh, you're talking on the phone? Yeah. Well, you know, one of my duties is to answer the phone. Oh, I see. Well, excuse me. Okay. I was a little confused because let me say it again. It says tonight is taco night at Fiesta tacos. And it says it's a great deal. It happens every Monday and Wednesday night. And what tonight's not Wednesday? Hey, is it right? Am I screwed up here like I thought yesterday? The yesterday was sure was not Monday. Is somebody playing a trick on me? Is this really not Tuesday? Well, somebody called and tell us what day it is? Well, anyway, if you're into burritos, you've come to the right place because Fiesta tacos, this is Sherry Valencia when she comes in here. I'm going to ring her neck like a chicken. By the way, speaking of chickens, the Santa Rea house must be doing okay. Do you see the big white elderado sitting in the garage there? No, no, no. Brand new one. Yeah. I like the neon light behind Mary's head. This must be doing real good. Yeah. Well, it's a little halo. Anyway, if you're into burritos, you've come to the right place because Fiesta tacos. There's a bigist burritos you've ever seen. I mean, a burrito so big that even Jeff Strecco would be invious. You would hear it with your choice. I feel like it's like beef chicken, bean and combination burritos. And you've got to try those potato skins, which we were speaking of only moments ago. Jam peck with great combinations like beef and cheese, chili and cheese, chicken and cheese and traditional sour cream and onions. Theiesta tacos is open seven days a week for lunch and dinner. Sunday through Thursday till 10 Friday and Saturday until 11 for the very best in Mexican food. It's Fiesta tacos. They're at 139-21 North Kindle Drive in the Kendi-Aleics Mall in Prestigia, Kendall. And if you buy a regular beef chicken or combination burrito, you'll get three free beef tacos that's the unbelievable new.