You have a new chair, it sure is out of good. That's not it. Well, you know what, he got me so no it's on here, but he got me so brainwashed to the game of love by Wayne Fontaine and Tannen to mind benders. You have an interest and so good out of that little bit. You did. You got to go through this whole CD. Wow, that's a good idea. And then we'll get to number 11 is the mind benders. Right. And then the Senate, I would have just let it go and not had any idea because fight frankly it sounded great. I'm in it. Let's go back to the beginning. This is like, I'm getting super. John, our audience hates music anyways, so this is like punishing me. Now you can do the talk up on this. What, Benton and Dina Washington? I don't think so. Oh, that was you. You're right. You're right. You don't have to talk. You have to go over. Very, very close. Yeah, I know that I think Ricky would give you a no. You're so messed away. Just know. Six, six, two, one. Before there's none. Yeah. Jimmy, John, it's great record. Oh, you need nine. I'll take the beat. Eight to one, that's for all the kids. Get your love this record. I'm the god of time to turn it easy me. It's true. It's time to go me to you. You're so good. You're too good. You're too good. You're too good. Pulling this, Brian McKenzie just brought in a list of all the dead artists. This is great. Perfect for Zeta. Johnny Ace, Wayne Alman, got all the information here. They should have given that to her. It's ballard. Mark Bowen, John Bonham, Johnny Burnett. Harry Chapin. Eddie Cotton. Sam Cook. Kim Krochen. Ian Curtis. Who in the world would have helped? And of course Captain David's favorite. It's good to be there. Wee. Ha ha ha. Oh, he's dead. Oh, it's good. I don't remember this to be. I don't remember this to be. Eight to be seven on Zeta floor. Jackie Lee. I saw Linda yesterday. It's a dream. That was nice. I can't just listen to him. It's hard to, uh, December 62. Yeah. I saw Linda yesterday. I'm about to learn the 30. Like Mary's old round and round. That's a little more uplifting than most of the Achilles records. I'm using the rest. We can't play this, can we? I wouldn't go. You think the last one is very nice. So boy, can you stand and listen to the kids? We better move right on. It's so like little time. I never heard of this before to you. Wow, quote rose full June. And this has got all of the exaggerated stereo. I love it. It's so relatable. Come on. Come on. You see T.A. He drives a hug. See now I got to start. We can't do that. Oh, I'm sorry. Luckily you started early though. That was nice. WZTA Miami Beach. One of America's radio stations is 8.59 on Zeta floor. With Wayne Fontana and a mine vendor. Oh, you hit the post. We hit the post. Now we're going to hit the cross bar. Oh, man. We're just hitting all kinds of spots. Look out for the big one. Okay. Well, that's a record that's made for a high-heat district. I hate this record now. Sam. This is one of those that got used to play every five minutes. And the favorite. Till we send the San Diego. So the woolly bully treatment center. Now I got to be honest. I never heard of this record. But to call. It's right a boy. Right away. Where are the synth? I don't remember. 8.65. Come on, Roy. Come on, Roy. Come on, Roy. Two wheels of drone. Come on. Come on, Roy. One of the drones. Whatever. The patty marino's it though. Yeah. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. The record that never is. This is not for us. Oh, here's one of Gons' Rob. I know this. Wait a minute. The machine just went by to just skip the thousand like it. Now I won't get one to the machine. It's not. They won't play the certain cuts. No, we'll not play certain. Wait a minute. Hold it. No, I don't want you to touch anything in here. I'll throw you some now. Boy, talk about a meddling pd. Like I said, give us some help. It won't look at that. Oh, there it is. Boy, talk about loose. It doesn't like. Oh, this was be written by that French recording artist to loose our tracks. It's a big game to go. It's a big game to go. It's a big game to go. It's a big game to go. It's a big game to go. This is for the world series. Put it up. Okay, no, the next one would be with the mobile app. So we'll skip by that. Oh, wow. Oh, there's a good CD. By the way, these are these are 45's on CD on Mercury Smash, Phillips, Montana, MGM classic, et cetera. Now, this is one you can hit the post on several times. Walk your brother. Good morning. Robert, please. Oh, oh. Max and gloves for you. Oh, yeah. That's like having to go to jail in the napple. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm alive. It's a rocker. It's a four to the last week's Zeta Forest Stapman. It's a song about it. You take these drugs and you're getting high. It's a pretty Murray theme song. Oh, my. I have a dance beat on the side. I do the five. Let's get over it. All right. Excellent. Classic rock animals. Zeta Pour. I'll take it. I'll take it. I want to always have it. I have to birthday today. I can no chance. Sunning and mild. Hi, baby. Five. Five. These. And those coal lines are open. You want to give us a call. What is it? Great. Yeah. Yeah. That's the first. This is one of just won't go away. You know what? Wow. Wow. I'm the next record. Yeah, it's been a little over. Yeah. The next record I can't believe. You're never going to believe this in true story. But it is. It was a jock in Sarasota. One on the air. It thought that this was a joyfully courting artist. Bobby Heeb. Oh, that's a joke. No, it's true. Yes, it's true. I'm serious. Well, he didn't think it was Jewish, but he thought his name was Bobby. He's funny. So like Johnny Tawaks. Yeah. You smiled at me. I thought that you mentioned it. The job's famous. Not a dollar bill. I'm a little late. Okay, so that's it. But number 11 now. Let's get back to the real good stuff here. Yeah. The original. It's one of the first 45s I ever buy. We got a group here. We got a group here. And we got new ones. You can tell me how to do. And we've got new ones. And in the middle. When I taste your lips. You're the one that's too serious. And I'm totally with you. You're the one that's too serious. And we've got new ones. We got a group here. And we got a group here. And we've got a group here. And we've got a group here. We got new ones. We've got a group here. And we've got a group here. And we got a group here. And we've got a group here. What do you mean it's ending? I'm sorry. We got carried away. I know five months later for a thanks to John Ford again for that incredible work of digging that out of our library. Okay, so that's the original, which is always better and of course all these stupid remakes today. Like, don't be cruel, man. One of the most horrendous, cheap, cheap abortions in history. In fact, those write to life people ought to be marching outside the studios where they recorded that. That's something even abortion was. Okay, now, when we come back, thanks to Brian McKenzie, well, he's excited to maple Lee's on first place. And he grew up in this spy magazine July August and it's got this great segment here, which probably will take us all away until 10 to 10. People who died, it says it's better to burn out than to fade away. And I guess we ought to play not fade away by Buddy Holly and honor that. That's a great song. It is. We don't have it. We don't have to go through all of them. Fifty-five on this list. How are we going to do this? We're very careful. Yeah, you're right. We don't want to take up the whole rest of the show. We're going to have to do it. Yeah, we don't want to take up the whole rest of the show. We're going to have to do it. Yeah, good. Some of our village is dead. Okay, Johnny A. He's pledging by the way. Okay, Johnny A. pledging by love, 1955 died. I don't understand. He died in the summer, 24th, 1954 before the record became a hit. How do you like that? In Houston, Texas, A. And early R&B star from Memphis, shot himself in the mouth of the 22-revolved. That's the guy's turn, Johnny A. Apparently, while playing Russian roulette backstage at the city auditorium during a Christmas Eve concert, he's to play the Pista time. And one time he lost. Wayne Alman, if the almond brothers banned October 29, 1971, at the age of 24 died and making Georgia. As you lost control of his motorcycle while trying to avoid a collision with a tractor trailer, truckie guy, three hours later on the operating table, and middle Georgia hospital. Some of these are incredible. Mark Bowling of T-Rex, Bang and Gong, 1971 died September 16, 1977 in London, England, killed when a car driven by his girlfriend American, and sold some of the Gloria Jones struck a tree. John Bonham of Led Zeppelin died September 25, 1982 and Windsor England, Bonham Led Zeppelin's drummer is fixated on his own vomit after falling asleep in a state of severe intoxication at the home of fan-made Jimmy Caves. Why do they always say they're own vomit? Well, it's better than somebody else's vomit. Oh, that would be really gross. This is really marquin. Hey, I'm turning it a lot of the way to get to Elvis, boy, you're gonna freak out. The Elvis people are gonna go nuts. Johnny Bonham, you're 16. Remember that 1960 big hit? Yep. August 1st, 1964, died at the age of 30. Bonham, a rockabilly pioneer, drowned in a bowding accident. Very chaper, out of a heart attack, you know that? Yeah, it was driving. Mm-hmm. Eddie Cockburn, summertime blues, April 17, 1960, but the dust at the age of 21 in London. A lot of people died in London, man. I wonder if there's something significant about that. Cockburn, a rockabilly star was speeding towards Heathrow Airport when his loosing blue attire and slammed into a lamp post. And after that it was when they came out with their record as your chewing gum loses flavor on the lamp post overnight. Mm-hmm. He suffered severe head injuries and died within a few hours. Fellow passenger, Gene Vincent, broke several ribs as collarbone in his leg. Which is astonishing because Gene Vincent died in his own right. In 1971, the age of 36 in Los Angeles. From a bleeding also partly due to alcohol abuse. I don't even like that. Let's see, Jim Crochew, you know Sam Cook, Ian Curtis. Ian Curtis of a Joy Davidson, level terrorist apart, 1980 died May 2018, 1980, in McOlesfield, England, another one in England. Curtis leads singer of the British Cup, and joined Division of Hingham Self only days before the start of the band's first US tour. Boy, you talk about it, guys. Still harboring a grudge, you know? Body Daron. He died while working out at a local gym. He died in 720, 1973 in Los Angeles, California. He died of cardiac arrest in the operating table after years of heart illness. Cass Elliott, mom of cast died July 29, 1974 in London, England. Wow. He died in a friends apartment reportedly after choking on a sandwich. Well, that British food man, it'll feel your retirement. Marvin Gaye. April 1, 1984, the age of 44 in Los Angeles on the eve of his 45th birthday. Gaye was shot to death by his father after a Hingy document at his parents home. And I'll remember that well. They were fighting over a sandwich. And he gave me 10th, 1980 at March 10th. I'm sorry, died in Oxford, England. I think the message here is, if you're going to sell health again. I think so. Die to John Rackliffe Hospital of Information in the Heart and Allegedly related to extensive cocaine abuse. Bill Hayley died at the age of 55, February 9, 1981, and Holland in Texas from Heart There You With Ha. Jimmy Hendrix. Now you're going to like this. The Jimmy Hendrix experience. So, February 18, 1970, Jimmy died in London, England, choking. Hendrix suffocated on his own vomit while asleep in the London Department of A Friend Monica, Daneman. He died at St. Mary's, Abbot Hospital nearby. The coroner reported inhalation to vomit through the barbedighment intoxication. Obviously we were killed a mixture of tranquilizers and fetemines, depressants, and sweet low. Everything, like, run. Buddy Holly, we know about the playing press. No sense of going there. Ryan Jones, July 3rd, 1969 died at the age of 27 in London, England. Unless that a month after John's left the stones due to creative differences he drowned in this woman pool during a party. The coroner turned the death by a misadventure. All those British who got away with words. Dennis Doplin, October 4th, 1970, was found dead from a heroin overdose in Hollywood, California, it's 27. Face down on the carpet in her room at the landmark hotel. Well, they were going to get graphic with this. Terry, Kathy, Chicago, January 23rd, 78. Shot himself at a party while playing with a gunny toll friends was unloaded. And then Chicago with a bizarre sent to him or came out immediately after with that record. I didn't know the gun was loaded. John Lennon, shot seven times outside the Dakota by Mark David Chapman. Frankie Lyman, I didn't know this. Remember Frankie Lyman and the teenagers' waterfalls. That temper, a fetembre. Feptembre, I can't believe I fed that. February 28, 1968 in New York City, Lyman died of heroin overdose in the bathroom. He was mad by the department of Harlem. He was really mad. Okay. Molly died in Miami. Well, he wouldn't be the first one. That if cancer would see his medical setting. Right. They clearly made a lot of things. They look very well. Keith Miller, Ralph Renex, statement off. Ron Pigpen, McCurman of the Greatful Dead, March 8, 73. The keyboardist for the dead died from cirrhosis of the liver at the age of 27. And brought on by years of excessive drinking in San Francisco. Jim Morrison, the doors July 3, 71 died in his bathtub from what officials report was hard failure. And his bathtub. Rick Nelson, burioclyphilox. Phil Oaks. Phil Oaks. We're hearing you very openly of the almond brothers. He died in the reocletes here. And he died for collateral to the city by the blocks from the spot where Duane Alman was killed. And you're later in Daytona. And make in Georgia. Right. And you want to close to Daytona. Well, it had to be one of the other. Deluxe. Oaks. And he's want to keep him here soon. Yeah, I know Phil Oaks. But it looks strange. OCHS is a strange looking name. Grand Parsons died in a motel room of suspected drug overdose. Several days later his body was stolen. My man, did you still cough and returned to the Joshua 3 National Monument near LA. And was cremated in the desert. This father. Now, here we come to the mom of this is. I think you have to have a little music. This is. I watched you. Thanks to hold your seats very tightly now. I know this is going to cause a lot of consternation in New audience. Elvis Presley. This is only rumor in anyone though. Now, because we know he's still alive. I'm living on South Beach. August 16, 1977, the age of 42 and Memphis Tennessee after years of drug abuse and junk food binging and obese and constipated prep theirs bathroom in Graceland, wearing blue pajamas and reading the scientific search for the face of Jesus. And now, after he was discovered he died in Baptist Memorial Hospital of Heart failure, a hospital employees and that he had the arteries of an 80 year old man. That 80 year old man is sunrise or a swimming boy. And wouldn't give back. That's an incredible. It's all true. There's the big bumper. We know about that. Here's Keith Ralph of the yard birds in London, England, no less. He's a 33. Oh, you go to London. The yard birds vocalist was elected, while tuning into the car at his home. I'm Scott of AC DC, February 19th and 1980 in London, England. I went down a socialist, Scott Choked to death on his own vomit after a session of heavy drinking. Wow. I see the parents. I thought they were selling for AC DC that fell down an elevator shaft or something. That was Isaac K's, you're thinking about a champ. Sid Vicious. While awaiting the trial for motor of former girlfriend, Nancy Spungeon. Yeah. Vicious overghost on a hero win in the apartment of girlfriend Michelle Robinson. And we got Jesus. Where's my key Spencer? I got him. I got him. Okay. Fossil on Spencer. Dennis Wilson, December 28th, 1983, Marina Delray, California. The middle Wilson brothers, the only real surfer in the beach boys, Dronna was buried at sea. Now wouldn't it be something while they're looking for that third baby whale up there? Wow. I love the whale. I love the whale your brain works. If Dennis made a comeback. And he would play I'd get around. I'll hit the ultimate time. You love the whale. Somebody's brain works. Well, yeah. Thanks so much. So there it is.