New stock radio 610 WIOD presents Neal Rogers. To get a touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in Dade. 524 WIOD and Broward. Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neal Rogers on New stock radio 610 WIOD. Now, the blue star of the morning with Mill Rose. He's the star of the evening. In the amystora number 1, WIOD WIOD. WIOD, WIOD, say, yes, I am. Whatever you say, I am. I am. 1026 WIOD, probably go on forever, but you know, Mike, got a whole bunch of cards here that Mike left us. You know, one thing about that stuff, they're either great or exactly. Now, don't stick your finger way down there, Roger Mike, it caught. Anyway, here we are. We hope you had a great weekend. I was out of town, so I have no idea what went on in this god-for-sake encounter over the weekend. Not including, maybe somebody will call, I'm curious how that big race at Pompanow with Mac low bell came out Saturday. And nobody else cares, but somebody will call and I'll find out. Because I wasn't here. Nothing went on. Nothing went on. And the big thing, of course, I was afraid the miss was the early sochensho on Saturday. Oh, I missed it. Did you miss it too? Yeah. Well, that could be one of our big topics today. Now, I have a major announcement to make on this here radio show in just a couple of minutes. A gigantic, cataclysmic announcement. Wow. But before we do that, almost as cataclysmic is this announcement. WPBR in Palm Beach. And we want to give this guy all the help we can. Oh, no. Because God only knows he needs it, okay? Paul Lyle. The same one who said, not in this chair because this studio wasn't here then. But was in his building. Oh, bragging about the fact he was going to get me off the year. It was the last thing he did. He's doing mornings now. 6 to 9 a.m. At WPBR in West Palm Beach. Now, that's a station very much like FTL. Or if you're going to listen to it, you got to drive up there and sit right under the tower. So you better leave about 430, maybe a quarter to five in a morning. And a good luck to you. Now, are you saying this is the Bob Gordon of Palm Beach? That is correct. Wow. That's an awesome. Isn't it amazing FTL? Now, that's a station that is a monster signal when you're on the turnpike. It even interferes with us for about a quarter of a mile anywhere else. You can't hear it. And the people who worked there are, they all fit into a certain mold. There are guys who have, don't belong into business. There are guys who were washed up 20 years ago who lined up there as kind of like a last gas. So bizarre place. Also another nearly cataclysmic announcement on the Steve Kane show today. Uh-oh. And you're not going to believe this, okay? I'll have to be Hanukkah, by the way. Let me hold on to some. And an honor of Hanukkah, we have another Rabbi show. And Sharon was in here banging her head on the wall having an nervous breakdown. A debate on who is a due legislation. Israel barring non-orthodox converts from Israeli citizenship with Rabbi Pinkus Finius Webberman. Another one of my good friends. Pinkie? Pinkie Webberman. Uh-huh. And Rabbi Loering Frank. Loering. Loering. Or is that Frank Loering? Now Frank is a very goeish name. Uh-huh. And Loering is a very, so maybe it's not even a Jewish rabbi. Maybe it's a goeish rabbi. Steve is so obsessed with these thinking rabbis man. In fact, everybody who thinks that Steve, let's see these phones go crazy, okay? Oh, Maclo Bell 1 and pay $2.10. Thank you, folks, so much. Anyway, everybody in the audience who thinks Steve's had too many rabbis. Let's get these lines going, okay? And by the way, we want to thank Mitch must be responsible for this. The numbers are now here. No, you did it. The numbers. Mitch did that. Oh, yeah. We want to thank him profusely. Not only do we have the clock ladies and gentlemen. We now have the telephone number is in blazing permanently on our little thing here. What did they say? Boy, when you got number, phone numbers, and blazing on your little thing, that's a really desperation, okay? And also we have a cassette boy. We are so full of it for the beginning of the week, yeah? I see, I don't see the lines flashing about the rabbi by the way. Well, there you go. What does that tell you? Tells me that what's going to be another one of those Mondays, okay? Okay. Now last week we had the week was great except for Monday. And it was a Monday after a dolphin loss. What have we always said about that? Of course the only problem is we're getting used to that. Every Monday now is the Monday after it off and it's lost. That's what happened next week. You know why? Because they're playing Monday night. Oh, then it will be Tuesday. So nice Monday is going to be great Tuesday is going to be like you and Kipper, okay? Prepare for that. Now I have something for you that you don't know about. Really? I think that's going to make you real happy.