through we have just a pile of stuff okay we got all the trent yeah real pile of stuff but anyway great for WIOD tremendous and we can't take any credit for it because we were here one week out of all of this so it's not gonna mean anything for us and like I said we're kind of in limbo so we can be real objective now who is number one in the market what is this what I don't understand this at all I don't well this doesn't make any sense to me at all this one page here well anyway let's get down to a vanity gritty okay six to ten a m Monday through Friday life of course life list WIF slash elevator music for the walking dead they had a seven one they were number one like they always are all more brain dead people here than anything else micro area with a six one a big number was number two in the entire market in the morning so he was really number one to nobody cons life an excellent job for Mike yeah wacky which is Espanyola five nine so they don't count QBA five nine there's two more that don't count by say they don't count they count to somebody but not in the realm that we live in okay and those of you out there don't care about ratings right interested in the numbers you don't understand them buzz off okay because we care about it and all the people in the business are listening why 100 at a four five in the morning that sunny Vauhoying ah well waiting for by the way got my five hundred dollar check for Camilla sauce right here here it is and sunny we expect you to be here any any moment any day dropping it off at the front desk Zeta dropping now we were gone from there for two weeks okay they dropped our last trend was a five five to a four one whoa in one month and we were only gone two weeks okay to a four one which not the lowest the morning show is had in many many months now of course somebody over there rose would say oh yeah but the kernel was not yet bad bye yeah good luck yeah that in 40 cents will buy you a watery cup of coffee at wolfies on 21st and Collins okay magic dropped to a three eight this is 12 plus six to 10 a.m. then power with a three I'm not going to go through the holiest a wins drop from a four oh two with three six in the morning 12 plus W-I-N-Z wait a minute okay where is it oh we got to have little sound effects here I know I'm off mic but just relax okay kicking ass with 50 thousand watts of power all over South Florida from the keys to the palm beaches even out to the Bahamas this is W-I-N for you I will you only wish anyway so they took a dive and then W-S-News took a big dive in the morning they dropped from a fourth three to a three six in morning see they had a month in the summer I forget which one it was W-S-N-Z remember the whole station that was this guy yeah distorted thing and stations do get distorted months like GTR got a bad distortion two two trend the trend before this one and they're still you know recovering from that gloves in the morning from a three one to a three three okay from a one nine to a three hot was one of the big story yeah GTR from a two six back up to a two nine like I said last month really devastated them with some bad sample sampling by arbitron exactly thank you so much anyway let's see midday from 10 to 3 and again we were here only a very brief time life with a nine eight to a hundred magic with a five six which is a big drop for them but still second gloves from a three five up to a four four W-S-News from a five one down to a four two sandy enjoy QBA power CMQ W-I-O-D I was in this interesting W-I-O-D from a three one to a three seven huh now we were only here a week is it possible that in a week we had that kind of impact here would be interesting because in the next one we'll find out yeah three one to a three seven which is the biggest number in midday this day's has had in a very long time isn't that fascinating isn't it he said and let's see if there's anybody else of interest here and not nothing to excited him a day how about wins I don't the reason I forgot about them is I don't come across them I don't know on the their feeling mighty low you go way down let's see waxio wins stayed flat at a two four in midday there were nine in the market okay after a big dive in the morning 12 clostone forget we'll get to those demos momentarily ladies and gentlemen and those who are bored by this tough potatoes afternoon drive and our Steve will be interested in this 12 plus life with a seven seven you just can't beat them and might as well knock their antenna down or something power had a five five one hundred or four eight and that was one of the big stories according to spike is that power beat while 100 in this book which is not power in hot high say beat all I haven't that version thing there didn't make any sense to make new magic a four seven w snooze from a four nine to a fourth three in the afternoon that's Alice Steve from a four six to a four one however again keep in mind that's 12 plus so the 65 year plus listeners are still doing it for w snooze but they're dropping like a rocket ship gloves from a three one to a three nine gloves head that pretty good book here looks like a wins from a two four down to a two three got pretty good trend excuse me boy say you wonder why he's here ladies yeah he's here to correct me on every mistake that I make and they will not let a single one go this is a good night EDR seven six power with a six nine hot with a six one life with a six w snooze five two a little slippage there for a year QBA one hundred with a four one waxy with a four one wins from a four they went back up at night with that horrendous talk met on a weekend of course the dolphins help out over here so we did very well at IOD life had a seven eight power six one IOD a five two an EDR hot C. M. Q QBA TMI W. snooze down with three four on a weekend must be some of the right wingers are dying off wins down with two three on a weekend okay now we get into some of those demographics okay and I know some of you are just getting bored to choose by this you're ready to pass out on a floor so we'll take a break okay isn't that a good excuse man are we sneaking into this crap unbelievable on a show given to me it's unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable steel afraid from rose fold okay they dropped over all by the way it's data from a two five to a two oh and of course the big dip there is we told you oh we didn't find them yet in the other day part their way down I'm that's why didn't come across them we'll go back yeah because I want to save our every second of it they dropped from a two five to a two and one trend we want to get every day but they turn the corner now and they turn the corner they've corrected the problem they're going to be consistent yeah anyway I want to tell you about new true system today is weighing day twenty four wio d and as we look back as we look back over some of those data numbers that we missed earlier on unbelievable you want to see some people do a little cuz I'm the table top here at night this is the first see I got all this defy order here it's not spikes fault he's just under a lot of pressure anyway Monday through Sunday the whole week 12 plus wio d had a four six to rank third in the whole market between light behind life and power we had a four six which is a giant number but you snooze dropped from a four seven to a four row and i and z had a two eight so if the three competitors i would be kicked some serious serious ass now getting back to those day parts boys and girls well let's go three to seven p.m 12 plus let's find zeta in there okay so we don't have to be they dropped from a one six to a one four which is a marginal one some 10 a.m to three p.m and midday we already told you the big drop over there in the morning in midday they dropped well no I don't know if they dropped you know gons are he doesn't have much to drop two four to a two oh that's i and z i knew that couldn't be right they don't seem to have two in a long time one six to a one four gons are just a little bit there you know Jeff he's a great guy but got Almighty that show and now what did I do well here's the real winner now wait a minute ladies and gentlemen okay here it is seven a midnight WZTA we should have a drum roll we got to get I got to get we got all kinds of sound effects and their way to my Rogers got something big here okay he's got the appropriate sound effects when you hear this number man you're gonna go apoplectic you're gonna go a period is hey excellent thank you Roger this deserves a 45-minute drum roll seven to midnight 12 plus WZTA a point seven ranking number 27 out of 29 radio stations and look at Roger a point zero point seven oh dropping from a one one which was a much to write homo so they dropped in every day part they dropped and I wonder about on the weekend you think they did well on the weekend because that used to be the strong point that Rose used to talk about seeing how that we've gone man they've turned that corner baby corrected that they really had a corrected all their problems because we couldn't turn over that audience for them they got it now let's take a look here let's see how they did on a weekend because they used to be two under one six on a weekend okay so I guess the fact that we've left just hasn't the sunken yet with a rest of that audience now 25 to 54 in the morning six to 10 AM Zita wow our last to trend there we had a seven one the last two trend five oh they lost two point one points in two weeks keeping my way and dropping like a rocket like a giant brick from the Empire State Building like a penny from the world trade center rocketing and matter fact listen to this reenerie in a morning tied them with a five that's his biggest share ever in 25 to 54 in a more at least anywhere on here that's a big number man on AM station in the morning yeah or he had a super book you know we don't want to take any credit for bringing some of those people over here Roger's applauding him oh congratulations Roger you guys deserve him and on midday let's see we don't care about any of this doing now we didn't care about that let's take a look at the afternoon drug because I know Stan is listening and he's out there oh boy this is great this is great okay let's see I OD with a four six and he afternoon ranking fifth Steve with another big number they're 25 to 54 let's see how the demos compare between Steve and Alice okay Steve had a four six and 25 to 54 and Alice had let's see can we lie down pretty hard yeah Zeta stayed with a two three in there I and Z went from a one eight to a one nine they had a marginal minimal game with a pressing number flat where is Alice can you go down that front oh here it is from a two out of a one eight so their audiences getting older by the moment in fact they better they better slow down the hands of time or they're gonna wind up their audience is gonna be dead you know what I'm saying all right now let's see midday 25 to 54 here we ought to look at that shouldn't we have been again since so we went up overall I guess we had a little bit we gooseed it a little as the butt-looking duck would say exactly let's see I OD from a two one to a three one two one to a three one to give you an idea back in a spring they had a one five and about the 54 then a two with two with two seven to two one and then a three one good place to start I like that there's so evidently those last couple of weeks ago some things a little bit okay that takes care of that don't worry folks we'll get the show going when we're good and ready okay there a lot of people in the business depend on because their management won't tell them any of this and it all been out of shape and all nervous and hysterical and believe me most of them deserve it okay six and then they've been that 18 to 34 now we had a giant number on Zeta we had a nine nine and in one two weeks they dropped to was six nine and 18 to 34 that they lost a third of the audience they've turned the corner they've corrected the problem now they're on their way over there they are on their well no problem and we were the problem let's see if there are any 18 to 34 that showed up midday and I OD I think it's unlikely here 10 to three but let's just take a peak from a point nine to a one two so that's you know a little increase but it's gonna take time although one two is the highest number that shows on the sheet here the next one's gonna be real interesting when the whole fall book comes out that's what we're really fascinating you know what's this stuff at the bottom here 35 to 64 oh you may find some end of the S numbers yeah we're starting to get to them although let's see I did a five nine third in a market and W's snooze now see that's too young for W's snooze they only they dropped from a three nine to a three oh so the overwhelming majority of their audience now is 65 plus I mean if you've got listen if you've got met a mu-solder cell if you've got like a duke-lacks if you have a pollidant the W's snooze is the station for you folks trust me what I tell you they have no competition 65 plus man they are on a run if you if I can say that okay they are doing it but that nighttime number at Zeta 0.7 that's it I want you to keep in mind that's a 100 thousand watt class C FM a monster signal well it's on that tower so it's not like a wounded monster and a 0.7 now for a guy like Rose who keeps claiming they're going in the right direction when what's your name when old douchebag Jean Cashman was there and I she was in the threes for a while I remember sure shortly after we went there and things started rolling and they got along they were two's in some threes and we were going up you know toward a five and then the five five and they dropped to a four one and I don't want to sound like I'm gloating but I sure and I because I wish them and there's some nice people over there Captain Dave and Gons is a good guy although minimal terrible show but there's some good folks but I wish them such bad luck not individually but I mean the company yeah and the management over there both upper and middle level because and again Rose if you take them out of the business a good guy but you know you can't you just can't separate that would be like saying that Hitler was a nice guy if you took him out of the government you know you have a good guy to go to a party whether something like that you cannot separate people from their rules in life and as a radio person he just a disaster yeah I mean he just he's stubborn he just refuses to change out that music he continues to try to find scapegoats and blame everybody for all the things that go on wrong and then you know he finally got this free hand and they're going to let him do it man he's doing it and they're just they're bombing I mean they're going to want up the next trip when the book comes out they will be under a two I predict absolutely and that may not mean a lot to those of you out there who are not in the business but those of us who are remotely related to the business and the people who work over there I can only say are remotely related to the world what's going on here with Roger he just jumped up and down like rumple still skim and he's having an nervous breakdown what now yeah what is it that we're doing or that you did I'm sorry not that we're doing what is it that you did now it looks like he's he has erased the last week's logger tape don't worry about it okay like this on that one radio had that conversation you know the one I'm talking about now our choke on it okay relax try to control yourself well so anyway those are the basic numbers there if anybody has a specific question about it they're favorite station you know how he was like grabbing his head and just free yeah and he just left he said I'm going home I let it he looked like he was usually that emotional and our show he motes during the reenereation and then kind of unwinds from 10 to 11 but he's gone I think he just took off and we're on automatic pilot now so let's have a hell of a body yeah let's really go nuts you know what I mean so anyway that's so where we stand and now didn't he look to you that look on his face like he was looking at that night number and say that didn't that in that one yeah yeah he was no seriously when he heard that point seven after he was that drummer all he just about fell off the chair and he covered up his whole face with his hands and just was tortlling and puking and having an irvispray down well anyway well he finally came back he was on his way home and he said okay it wasn't that bad don't worry about it what you're pleased you just too emotional okay life goes on all right there plenty of other jobs in a market especially with these friends there ought to be okay and I also want to say with these trends the fact that there are some talented people I don't want to mention any of my personal friends sitting on a sidelines but not a work for much too long and some of these yahu's out there that continue with their fractional numbers I mean with audiences that can't be found with a telescope train that's really sad you know that if I really off on what a bushley market this is and what kind of management generally is in his market unlike here where we have sensational management we really do I I know that sounds it sounds but looking but since the but looking doctor's here he can take for a really do these people here got there are stuff together finally it took a long time I'll tell you that and then finally got some idea what's going on okay it's 1035 here's a guy who's always got some idea of it at least generally what's going on Henry Barrel with a news update will come right back well what you like remember as there's the king I don't have a middle arm much for a while but I want you all to know what I've been rocking all heaven all those thinking of you there's Christmas and I could give y'all special Christmas message I know there's a piece like how a little piece of that I go on by I do I go on walk on the sun Christmas is a town of who time of joy the town of all of them and I share with a lot of takes class that's each of you got there I can over watch more or more I hear a Christmas Christmas to me means family and family means friends the friends means getting together and getting together means eating all past me that comes to take what you've always walking like you I'm going to go on not just on a lady right now you know I may be a big star maybe too big but ain't nobody so big you can reach out I help in the hand I help in the hand there well would you hand me a help in the old man's later going there which is pretty hard you make it a nice now like I was playing nobody's a biggie can't stupid help a friend of me you know what the holiday is pleasing I was thinking of pleasing won't pass me that slow sugar when you get a chance I get yeah just just those crazy colors I like I don't know so this Christmas I don't you all take a trip from old A.O.s now I don't leave those stay check right where they are you know what I mean don't appreciate it I want you to remember well power to God's great big family you know God made man and he was only made you look in the mirror I'd have to say God must be a big big similar again you know what I mean I like it here but I especially want you to remember this one last thing you know all this home this Christmas spring and that popcorn up on the free save up big big boat for the can extra butter the money I like it here and maybe good news be yours by the way somebody gave us a bum steer about right redneck the other day yeah that's a channel 12 that's a lot I just signed two more years at channel six I heard it on this year radio place this morning okay do you have an Elvis thing before we stop we were looking at these people are getting this is out of roller don't they have some t-shirts you can get like birds don't fat birds don't fly but here's one Paul is dead and Elvis is alive oh yeah we knew that in fact Paul is Elvis okay but you never you see him hangin out together you see Paul and Michael Jackson once in a while yeah all right to hell over point all right we got a couple of brown lines still not lit which is a little little slow on the uptake up there these days five two four W-I-O-D five two four nine four six three now let's take the call first about the ratings in Miami hello are they gone the other gone while I must have been sidewalk or did I punch the wrong one I'm not sure hello I don't understand but that thing is still doing some bizarre stuff don't tell me don't tell me we're gonna have another one of those I'll try one more time hello hello there is somebody there well these these were in the off position or in the on position I don't know any go ahead sir I'm sorry we're all screwed up is usual sir yeah my little okay I can't know what the top ten stations in the market were the top ten stations in order in order wow you don't ask for much to do you sir and also how did radio station W-E-D-I do W-E-D-R always does very well very well now I tell you in just a second as soon as I can find that well I got more stuff here than Carter's got pills you know what I mean that still wise that's why I'll do that as we go along okay here we go the top ten stations this is this is not even a right sheet man this is 25 to 54 god almighty here's weekend but I give this back to spike it's gonna be so messed up he's gonna be up a plethora well he can straighten it out himself okay 12 plus W-L-Y-F-L-S with an eight W-P-O-W-5 W-I-O-D-O-4-6 Q-B-A-4-6 E-D-R-4-4 they were number five okay sir a magic for two W-S-News a 4-O they were seven hot with a three nine they were tied for eighth with CMQ a Spanish station three nine while 100 was tenth with a three eight okay sir thank you very much thank you very much I made a good snooze b-ors both the brown lines that were on litter still on live maybe it's gonna be one of those days did we chase them away with all this boring stuff I don't really care because this is you know you're gonna have to get used to it because once a month the trends come out from arbitron which is a part of the book that's like a rolling thing and then of course the full book will be on next month and we give that information on the year or who saw an upside-down zeta plate you did Roger Sun upside-down zeta plate hey hey hey hey hey hey see these numbers there's more on the fight upside-down let's say that that roses plates are upside-down in his mouth as we speak now yeah they saw the problem they've turned the corn unfortunately they didn't realize it was a dead end strength that they turned the corner on man's dead man's curve and even janin dean can't help him now on Miami hello how are you doing oh hi who's this oh john you sound like Joey remember Joey oh yeah yeah Joey's one of our regular faithful callers. I want to ask you a question. What's the question, John? I was in Washington for the summer just visiting. Yeah. And I listen to the guys called the Greece. The Greece man. Yeah. You know? Do I know what my know who he is? Well, I was listening to him. And he was saying all this Jewish stuff. He did. He did. He did. Really? The Greece man? Yeah. Well, there are a lot of people. I tell you my last name, but I think he was just. Yeah, like just happy, uh, papal already, yeah. Yeah. So what's the question, John? That's the question. What is the question? Well, I just asked you. Did he just ask me a question? I didn't hear the question mark. John, after your statement. Okay, let's try it again. Is he Jewish? Yeah. Well, I don't have any idea how to know. Okay, you're having a nice, simple score. Okay, and have a good show with. Okay. Bye, John. Anyway, with a guy, he's a name like John. What the hell is he worried about? Ah, I'm curious. Did he say his name was John? Yeah. Well, that is not what you call your, run of the middle Jewish name. He must be honorary, like I am. Yeah, right. You've been hanging around too many of your Steve's rabbis. I think that's your problem. Open line in date County 751 Wiod. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. What's the question? Now, the question is was the rabbisurkham side. No, but my name is John Tupas. I'm a jail man. This is really, you know, you know, you know, John, let me ask you. If you are Jewish, um, to be one of the great miracles in the history man, Kai. I am. It's jail one. Get out of here. I'm, I, I, what I lied to you. Hey, Doc, okay. Well, there's only one way for you to come down here and prove it, John. I said hi to the doc, but he didn't hear me. I guess. No, hi, John. Oh, that's because I was talking at the same time. This jail in John. This jail in. Okay. That's how we're differentiated between that, uh, that's a four year old, but just called it. That's right. John, he wasn't for. He was at least six or seven. All right. Move right along. How did chronic cocks do over there? Oh, he did well. How do you know? You read the afternoon number of power. You did? I did. Yeah. I guess I better put that stinkin' pipe down. How many stiglipes do you like? So I don't eat. Let's see, three to seven, 12 plus power. Oh, he had a big number. I'll look down and drop from a six to two to a five five, but he was still second behind life list. Yeah. Pretty well then. Oh, yeah. And while I'm having that a four, eight in the afternoon. There's a couple point. I hate to get in the sports, but I'm the only one today that I've set to the fish one, you know. No, you're not the only one. We heard the mystery picker this morning and the whole song in a dance. All the brown spans and everything. I don't want to hear about it. No, no, no, you're upset because of the draft picker. Exactly. I don't want to, I mean, what's the reason to win right now? Well, let's not come on. Let's face it. They gotta go out there and give it a shot. You know what I'm saying? They can't just go over and roll, go out and roll over and play dead. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Are you going to be okay? No. Because they got something to think about, okay, and that's empty seats in the stadium next year. Yeah, but they get some great draft picks. I've nothing to work. Well, people don't go to games based on draft picks. They go to games based on how many, what have you won lately? You know, that's how this town is. But look what they did. They did. They did 61. The paper predicted 45 and they had 61. I don't want to get sports. No, let's not get too sports intensive. Somebody we know, not to mention any names, will become a surrely. This has all been covered. I'm giving us names of tennis players who haven't been born yet. And we'll be covered again tonight. It's a great intensively on sports on. Okay. Live from Tony Rome is in Davy. We'll be there. Okay. Backwack. Oh, that's cute. Now that will be wrinkled for the show there. I like that. It's 10-4 Neil Rogers. I knew it's talk radio six to do. 10-51 at WIOD Lighthouse Point. Hello. Yeah, Neil. How are you doing? Good. What do you want? What do you want? I heard you're on the have to do yesterday. No, no. Steve was at a Bob Grove's funeral yesterday, so we stayed for another hour for an extra hour. Oh, what time are you getting off today? What time are you getting off today? Yeah. Two o'clock as far as I know, sir. That's not what I'm at. What time are you getting off with your boyfriend? Oh, that's cute. I don't know. What time are you planning on it, sir? I don't know. Okay. 10-52 that was Lighthouse Point. We really get calls from there because the brain dead are like all jammed in the little parts of the lighthouse point. Isn't that close to Pompano Beach, by the way? Yeah. Very close. Yeah. That's something that general brain dead area. You've been hanging around up there too long, pal. It's obviously affecting you. Open line and Broward, 5-2-4-W-I-O-D. We'll go to all of this. Clean things up a little bit. Sunrise. I know. Yes. I just wanted to say goodbye. I'm going to be going to Japan for three and a half months. Three and a half months? Yeah. For vacation. And then when I come back in April, I'm going up the Rochester. Little RIT. Great. Why would we wish you good luck, sir? Why don't you take them with $15 and enough posters? I was a 20, I think we decided yesterday. Yeah. Right. And then you could just send it to me? What? And you could send it to me? I'll be delighted. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. So you have a good time. Bye-bye. Don't take any wood knuckles over there either. Okay. You know those Japanese man, 1053, 74-11 at W-I-O-D. And that vocal line has in with that's the problem. That's the only one that's kind of like a real dead head this morning. It's a 278 W-I-O-D that lines 7. I'm very excited. Because when I start asking them to call, then you know that you got to hear a real hesitant guy on the M side. Uh, date county. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. That was $15 yesterday. But that's okay. I was going to send 21. No, no. You didn't listen long enough. We were negotiating the whole thing. And at the end, I was convinced somebody talked me to 20. All right. I must have turned on the machine. Sorry. The machine is going to have the golf game on it. No. How about Young Neil? Seeing how the problem is, if we're going to start negotiating what's going to be on the tape, I'm just asking him not to go shooting. Okay. I mean, I'll be with anyway. I mean, I get, I think I'll put Young Neil on it because I don't like playing it on here. It's too damn long. It goes on forever. I've heard it a million times. And I think it's lost a little of the original luster. You know what I mean? I mean, after the 4,000 time to me, it just isn't that great anymore. I've been on there. I've been on there. Then the people who want to hear it instead of bugging me can listen to it. Yeah. I've only heard it once. I've got a few more thoughts on the boat. Okay. This is one other question. Who is Sandy Fox and did he have a TV show in New York years ago? Sandy Fox. That's Sandy Payton's brother-in-law. So it's not Sandy Fox. I can understand why you can't comprehend the name because you can't understand what Sunny says. Sunny Fox. Oh, it's Sunny Fox. That's right. Sunny Fox. Sunny did have a little, he used to do the old rotten movies on Channel 6 on a weekend, once a month of time. I'm in his Hawaiian Luau shirts. But Sunny was on She for a long time and now he's on while 100 minutes. And I'm sure he's on his way right now with his $500 check for Camilla's house. Right. Well, one last thing, I had a friend in college his name with Matthew. His brother's name was John and his brother's name was Paul. And they're all Jewish. Well, he must have been related to the original apostles, huh? Yeah. Well, go figure that one out. No, I don't, I'll be honest with you. I can't think of anybody I've known in my life whose name was John who was Jewish. Well, as that one kicked me when Matthew walked in. He said, obviously being Jewish. Matt. Well, Matt, no, I think Matt can be a Jewish name. Yeah, I'm fact there a lot of mats. Okay. And Paul, there's a lot of Jewish Pauls, but John is a very, if you pardon the expression, Goyish your name. There's a really great issue. I don't know any Arab's name, John, either. So it's not one of those Semitic names. Okay, listen, have a great one. Yeah, have a good one. Bye bye. Okay, and let me go back to this thing that we mentioned yesterday. And we ought to straighten that because we were involved in this ongoing negotiating kind of thing. And I will, this Sunday, I will have to come in because I'm going to put that tape together and put some of this other millions of bits on cart finally. But anyway, under much de-ress and is a different way to raise some more money for Camille's house and an ongoing effort, not just now, but in the weeks to come. And if you will send a donation of $20 or more a check or money order made out to Camille's house and a, let's get this right. A cassette, 90 minute cassette. Stamped self-adrest envelope is optional, but would be helpful. Okay, asking. Right. Not a little tiny envelope, but one that a cassette will go in like a legal sign envelope. Right. Then we will send you a cassette of all these different bits that we're going to play a lot of the stuff you hear is play on the ear. Not all of it, of course, but you know, 45 minutes worth it will be on one side of the cassette. And one thing I'm going to tell you, like I don't know yet how much is going to be on here, or be 35 minutes or 40 minutes. When you get it, don't call or write and say, The other side was blank. Couldn't you put something on the other side? I never forget that as long as I have some of these ungrateful dogs. Great for being able to. I just want you to, you know, they think that everybody in the world has got nothing in their life but them. Yeah. And they're going to just sit down and do a whole song and a dance on both sides of it. It's a big enough of a pain to dub all these off. And I know Rich isn't even aware yet. The work that he's going to have in tail. I'll I feel we can probably find somebody who's got high speed dubbing equipment. Like maybe maybe our friend Rich Packter, somebody who's like in the music business. Maybe. And I can do it with nobody who can dub them for us. It's amazing. You said yesterday that people would not listen long enough and would send in ten or fifteen dollars. You said that yesterday and already, you know, a couple of calls this morning. Oh, Rogers says we do have a high speed dub here, but it sucks. Well, we don't want that. We don't want them to suck. We want them to be at least reasonable. So we don't get a lot of complaints and mouth and tense. We have enough of those already. Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hey, new you. Yeah. How's it going? Oh, man. What a question. Well, let me let me ponder that for a little while. We're doing fine. Okay. Don't be sensitive. Now don't start getting like that funny fox. Oh, no. No way. No way. I happened to like funny fox. But you're right. He's a good guy. I'm not going to do that. Like I mean thin skin. Yeah. Now that hot beat him, he's going to really be upset. Sure. All the way to my way to my, let's get a writer. He'll call again. Maybe in the morning. Anything we can do. Let's get a straight. For a very say they beat him in the morning and they didn't. He'll be right on that thing. And he'll be. Yeah. Just a minute. Let me. Let me find mornings. You're having to enter a news to put this. Yeah. All right. Go ahead. When you're talking, I'll find it. Okay. First of all, I'm not Jewish. My name is Joey. And second of all, how did magic do some tend to do? Are you Italian, Joey? Yeah. Well, there you go. See, there's here's some guy who makes sense anyway. He's what he's supposed to be. Here. Oh, let's see. Oh, God. Am I going to find anything now? Spike is going to go crazy when he sees his magic from a midday. From a six, five down to five, six, but there's still second behind life. So they're doing just fine. They're doing good. Oh, who is that looking for a minute to go? Oh, sunny. You're moving. You're looking for honey. Oh, nice. Let's see. I don't see him here. Wait a minute. Does he really mumble like that on the phone? On the air. I've yet to hear him. Oh, wait a minute. I have a turn upside down. Here he is. You've never heard one of his hair. He has he had a four, five. He was fifth and he did not get beaten by a hot hot was. Where the hell is hot already? Oh, they're way down there with a three. So I correct myself on that in the morning. Sunny did very well. Okay. You've never heard of a. He went from a four back up to a four five. So he's doing fine. I'm sorry, but never heard. They're sunny right now. Oh, he's following you. You'll find out yourself. Now listen, listen, listen, when you speak to him, listen very carefully because you might just a couple of words. John, have a good one now. Okay, there he goes. Okay, listen, that's the end of the first hour. And it seems like we just sat down. Roger is right. I think time is just slipping us by. Before you know, it's going to be time for them to plant all of us in the ground. I'm telling you, it's really, it is flying by. Speaking of being planted in the ground, Steve Kainus after known the Charles Street case, game time and early release of prisoners. Speaking against game time is good old attorney Tom Bush and I won't say a word about him that I haven't said before. Pro game time, Bill Lazzwell president of the Brown County Criminal trial or his association, some more contrived debates on the Can show this afternoon from two to six. Only here on 610 Wild. All right, just everybody slow down, take a breath relax. Slim Rich is here. He used to be fat rich. He lost 10 pounds of neutral system in the first week. Here I am handing you your winnings for the football pool pool pool pool. 11 out of 13, which is incredible 12 out of 40. Well, excuse me. And there's not that much in there. Unfortunately, I haven't opened it, but I get the feeling those are all ones. So it's not, you're not going to be able to leave town with that. Also, unlike yesterday's mail, we got the first wave of mail today. Every envelope has a check for Camilla sounds and including the last one. I opened a hundred bucks. And thanks to Paul and dear field beach for that. And thanks to Barbara Sloan, a channel six who's in a nice check in a real nice note. Here we thank her very much for that. Sure, do. And don't forget Camilla sounds here in Eorogers, Wild, Miami 33141. It's the 13th of December already. Only 12 days away from Christmas. There were stories this morning about the homeless up north. There haven't some brutal weather. And two people died. Yeah, last night. And the whole bunch of other people are out there freezing their brains out. And even though we don't have that kind of weather here nonetheless, it's something that's a real disgrace and something that we all ought to be involved in helping out. Okay. 1106 at WIOD, we're going to go back to the oscillating cause and we'll start in Davy. Hello. Hello there. Glenn, hi. Neil. This is the original. I don't don't parade it. John. Thank you. Boy, no wonder I've been feeling so good. We haven't heard from John. Not just a little joke, John. See John as soon as you heard, we were going to be double. You're right on the phone. Well, Leon, I'm sure Glenn agrees with me. We're we extend our best wishes and good luck to whichever full. I mean whichever kind soul decides to volunteer to do these tapes for you. Oh, which is, that's why he's here today. Oh, right. I just want to come through to find that. Now let's. Huh? What did he do? That's not when you know. No. He's all right. Okay. See, the cloud before about Sandy. See, this will keep you so busy. You won't have time to eat. That's right. On your diet. Go ahead, sir. Go ahead. Go ahead. Okay. Sandy Fox was a guy on TV up in New York. He used to do the Wonder Army show on February, W. TV. Well, you know, there was another sunny fox who was on. When you listen to me just a second, sir, where you try to control yourself, I don't know Sandy Fox. Okay. However, they're used to from Fox's Delhi and Rochester, but they used to be another sunny fox who was on a $64,000 challenge years ago. Not the same sunny fog we got here. Okay. But a different Zayvah. Okay. And we haven't seen him today, by the way. Just mentioned. Well, see, just got off the air. It's been a clock. Give the guys some time. Let's start ragging on me at a recalling. Nobody got a clock on a radio. I'm a phone. So let's see. Relax. He's on. He's standing. Oh, chronic. What was your story, sir? Um, see, I wanted to know how Joe Johnson did. Joe Johnson. Well, he's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a good guy. He's got a beautiful girlfriend. Nice lady. Yeah. I like landed. She's Superman. Well, my one say she's Superman, but she's Superman. Okay. Now, wait a minute. Let me just take a peek here. I got it so screwed up. I hate here. Seven of them. I write here. Right on top, which is the way Joe likes it. Okay. Let me tell you one thing about Joe. In the last three trends, two six, two six, and again, two six at night. Magic doesn't do all I great at night. And I guess mainly they got a big 25 to 54 audience. And a lot of those people at night are watching TV. You're going out doing living and breathing things. They're not into radio as much. Yeah, we're all watching, uh, Harry, we're all watching. Yeah. No, we're all watching not slandering. Well, you are, but yeah. Well, you know me. Okay. Talk to you later. See you in the next year. Have a great life. Bye bye. Okay. Now, what was I just going to do? I was going to talk to Cox on a radio, chronic Cox. I'm not trying to be chronic. Me, I just thought I'd tell you that I know several people in town who have not high speed, double equipment for cassettes, but who have the ability to top 30 or 40 at a time. That's what I mean. It's good quality. When you want that call me and I'll think of it. Fantastic. What a guy. All right. That's exactly the right relation. I saw another. Okay. Well, all that real people call you. You didn't hear what I said. I said congratulations on another excellent trend, Don. I'm enjoying it. I bet you are. I'm going to read fortunately the textures to a passion track. That's a stuff like job. Panors got some plans for those checks. He's got some property in the shop to sit there. Go, Kales, and thanks a lot. We'll let you know what we need to do. When you need it, just let me know. Because there's two or three different people in town. I don't know what to do. Good news. All right, Cox. See you later. My feeling we're going to need that. Yeah, we are going to be here. This is the first one that came certified mail one day. And this is the early wave of mail that we got right here. Yeah. So I want you to be a witness. Fat Rich. There's my check for 500 bucks to the Camille sauce and he won for 100. So we got almost a grand here and one mailing with my check in there. Yeah. And when Sunny brings his check, uh, what are you laughing about? He's going to do it. Yeah. I think he would go on the air. He'll play that and then shine us. He would never want to give them some great addition of which. He's got more money than God anyway. I just want to grab my boom ads up after that. I just want to bug them some. I leave him alone. Will you please? Why? Because he's a friend also and like is a nice who are FM friends. Now that we're back on a, um, they're all our friends. That's true. We were going back on FM again. And then we're going to be like, we hate him like poison. He's disgusting. And he's a, stop it. He'll be in the lab. You know, that kind of stuff. A lot of congratulate Rose and again over there at the WZPA. Man, I'm telling you, I am just a, that made my day my month and the next one is going to make my life. Okay. Okay. So when I want to see because you know what they say, Rose, what go through around come to round. Okay. That's what they say. But you have solved the problem over there. And we're going to congratulate on you on turning the corner. One thing about Coxman, he knows where to get in on this board. He called on a Palm Beach line. See that and it's open again vacant. It's always. He listened. By the way, speaking of Lee Fowler. Isn't he supposed to be calling to at least promo to give us a little, titillation on that thing. He's going to do something this week. I know you want to wait till Thursday when we got that open line in Palm Beach just for you. But it's a, it's a Cox Broke. Yeah. And the owner just called moments ago. Six, five, five Wiod in Palm Beach. I guess I bet it transposed the numbers because he's a little slow. Six, five, five, nine, four, six, three. It's 11, 12 at Wiod. We'll come right back. E incredible 11, 14. And my girlfriend, Congressman Larry Smith. It's his working on the beef case. You know, the 7,000 pounds of cooked roast beef that they were going to throw out has written the letter to the USDA urging the beef not be destroyed. But it would be delivered to the needy in homeless and is going to be calling on a bat line. So that'll be great. And I mean time. Another. We have another very in Houghton call asking each shall receive. Palm Neil. On the Palm Beach line, I thought this was Lee Fowler. No, ain't Neil. It's a Lee Fowler's fire report. Yes, Neil. Yes. Yeah, John the second up in West Palm. Last week, I had nothing to do. So I was snooping around on my scanner. And I was just, you know, is that better? Okay. I was snooping around my scanner. And I heard done that you'd see in those remote pickup channels. I heard him. He fell on the car. Somebody on the air. A subwoman too. A subhuman do Spag. That's right. So I thought this is disgusting. Same on you, Lee. Get some car auction. Grab your brains out. Well, I called him up and I got to board up. And I said, hey, what's stealing Uncle Meals material? I'm going to get him right. So there's no one in the locker. I'm going to go to the hotel. Well, the girl did not know what to do. I thought we should just slam the phone down on him. That's nice. Well, excuse me. So like that. Yeah. Well, you know those people up at Jeno, they tend to be a little surly and scorly, sir. That's true. Just as far I would point in, we're listening up here. Okay. Thank you. Okay. For just a second, I thought that was really Uncle Lee on the phone. But he's, I don't know. He's tinkering with us or something. I don't know what he's doing. He keeps threatening to call in and give us this real hot news. And if he's got the hot news, man, he better call now or forever hold his own. Yeah. Thank you. We have an open line in Broward 524WIOD. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yesterday, you were talking about somebody's drivers going around. I really horrendous. Yeah. Well, we got a night. I got call back into work. And it's towards the end of rush hour. And once you know it on high speed lane, there's some BIMBO guy doing about 40 miles an hour. When he should have been doing 50, 55. And he had traffic all tied up. And that really hurts me. But the worst part of it was, or a long way car, he had WIO D plaster. Oh, that's great. We don't want him. Yeah. Really. Yeah. And he had traffic. He's doing like 35, 40 miles an hour. Everybody else is trying to score it around his sign of means. I'm just 6,000 cars trying to get around. Well, he's probably listening to the dolphins game. Who the heck knows what he was doing? Well, what he really had. It snarled up. And just to let you know, do something about that. Well, yeah. Thank you. We'll do it. We'll locate a man. Okay. Well, at least get the bumper stickers off his car. Yet another radio, super, stupid star on A to a camp. I have no idea who it is. Hello. Yes. He Michael McKay. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I just called because I've got a Jewish John for you. A Jewish John. Yes, sir. Boy, oh, boy. I could sure interpret that in a number of ways, especially coming from you. Do you think he knew it's a boy John Touchton? Oh, yeah. I know Johnny used to work at W snooze. That's right. He is a Jewish John. I'll be damned. Like I said, I know a lot of Jewish John. Yeah, but I meant a name John. I know what you mean. And if everybody is just on your thinking data for her. Yeah, is that great? Well, they certainly are going to come around the corner. Yeah. I don't want to wish Captain Dave any bad luck because he's a good guy, but I'd hate to be the captain of the Titanic wouldn't you? Currently, that station. It's amazing 100,000 watts can be wasted. A point seven at night. I'm telling you, when I saw that, that's really, it really didn't something to me. And that's what it did. And keep up the good work. I'll send some money over the work of the list out. Thank you very much, Mike. Hi. She, Michael McKay. What a day here. Yeah, this is a radio celebrity day. Of course, we knew it would be because it was around with your mom and most of these people are listening every day anyway. Hey, Congressman Larry Smith is on a phone. Hi, Larry. How you doing? This is the radio. This is the main load part. I called up to see what my ratings are. The ratings are 99.2. There are a couple of goyum out there who are not here. I'm happy. I belated. I belated. I belated. I belated. I belated to you, Larry. I'm so excited that you called because we've had a lot of people calling you about this be thing. And I, from a couple of people I talked to, I thought it was hopeless and it was a lost cause. I don't know. I don't know what it is. And you remember the old, you know, saying in 84. Where's the beef? Yeah. Well, we found it. Yeah, but you did. It's about 8,000 pounds sitting in freezing lockers in various suppliers warehouse was here in South Florida. You had a program yesterday. No, that's what I called about this. And then, it was an issue yesterday. I had seen it as well last week I believe. And we sent a letter to the US Department of Agriculture at the end of last week. Right. Telling them that if the beef should ultimately fall into the title of the United States government right now, we only put a lean on it. So it's frozen in these lockers and they can't be used by anybody. Yeah, it's frozen. After legal proceedings or administrative proceedings, there is a fine impose. The meat may ultimately go back to the supplier. And it would then be used in the private chain, in which it started. But if in the event, the United States gets fines and or the meat has part of the legal decision, then I have told the USDA that it would be absolutely immoral to destroy that beef. The number of meeting people out there. Yeah. 1127 at WIO, the, let me just mention again the address if you want to write to the USDA and let them know how you feel about them possibly eventually going to destroy that beef or just let it sit there. While people are starving on the streets, you can write to Richard Ling, the Secretary of Agriculture at the US Department of Agriculture, USDA, independent Savano, Washington, D.C., that's Richard Ling, L.I.N.G., Secretary of Agriculture, the US, D.A., independent Savano, Washington, D.C., OK. OK. And the Camilla Sousas at 726 Northeast, first Avenue here in Miami for those who want to go down there on Christmas day and help out, or those who want to bring by clothing, blankets or foodstuffs. OK, let's go to Palm Beach and see what excitement we got here this time. Hello. Hello. This is Spike from WFLX. Just want to let you know that the grease man is not Jewish. And we're working on your new picture of Johnny Dept. It's on the way. I'll be damned. Boy, you guys are just incredible. You know what? Hey, we appreciate it. Yeah, we appreciate all the promo that you give us. And thanks for that last post, your man. That's got a very special spot. There's a new one on the way, Neil. I bet. Thanks a lot. Thank you. OK. Man, it is celebrity days, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah, we got our spike here. And they got spike up there at the Camilla 29. Up in the window there. OK, that Palm Beach line is open again. Lee, can you maybe I'm not talking enough? Aloud enough, early. Is that possible? Yeah. And he's 655. Wild. It's right in on celebrity day. Because all the other celebrities are calling. Right. Of course, maybe his train came out too. Maybe that's why things are a little quiet. Although they evidently do very well up there. Do they? Yeah. RMF does very well. RMF. Yeah. And J&O, I think this pretty darn well. Of course, they can't the battle at PBR man. Once they had Paul Lyle on there in the morning, that was a little too heavy for them. Fort Latterdale, hello. Hello. Yes. I knew it, Glenn. I had a question. One question. Early here, you. Pardon? Okay. Hold on. Can you hear me better? Oh, yeah. One is, why did they turn off the delay during the news? That is an excellent question which I have. I've never been able to figure out. I haven't got the foggyest idea, but Nick, I am sure, is writing a message on the screen. It says, we have report. In other words, there are reporters out there who listen off the ear. See, and if we run delay, it would screw them all up and they wouldn't have no whether it's screen reader banana. You know, Johnny Darkess, the same question that I told you. That's the question. I've always wondered that. Me too. The only thing is, sometimes we do it at 34, well, we don't have reporters. Nick doesn't do it. Roger does it just on the habit. I have it. Is they not always still it? Mighty no Roger is a great guy, but he's a fuss budget. You know, he wants to do everything just according to oil. Don't take it personally, Roger. He's so sensitive. Go ahead, sir. Okay, the other one is, how did magic to over all like 25 to 54? 25 to 54. Who's guy has been interested in questions? But you know, it's interesting. In the last round, of course, for a long time now, we were number one on Zeta 25 to 54 in the morning. Yeah. You want the whole station? Yeah, like the whole kit capital. Well, this guy wants a man. We got a demanding audience here. Let's see, 25 to 54. 7 am, 9 am. Oh, God, this is a mess. Spike is going to have an nervous breakdown. 3 to 7, 25 to 54. Just a second, I'll get there. Trust me. Yes, magic. Number one, an eighth, three, and the afternoon. How do you like that? In midday, 25 to 54. Magic number one, an eighth, nine. That's correct. That's correct. Big to 10 am. I bet you're there. Number one there too. We kind of disappeared. Number one, six, oh, six, oh. Anybody could have beaten that? Well, unfortunately Zeta dropped from a 7-1 to a 5-0 into a tie with WIOD with Micronere. And they're dropping like a rock, okay, sir? Yeah, so if you were rating the stations overall in prior day, like who would magic be number one? No, 25 to 54, they're number one. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, they're doing great, trust me. Okay. Okay. Bye. Bye. 11 31, man. It's audience. Really? They want to know what they want. Just a little bit of this or a little bit of that. Which is fine. We like to create these students of broadcasting. That's correct. They live long enough. They might actually get in the business. God forbid, don't do it. I'm telling you, I haven't said that on this station yet, because we're doing just great. We're happier than pigs in Slop here or than butt-licking ducks. But I'm telling you, don't get in this business. This will kill you. You'll wind up a broken man or woman. It'll just destroy your spirit. Oh, and you know what I saw yesterday? And I didn't get to see it because the phone was ringing in my doorbell rang and all kinds of stuff going on. But I came across as I was Oprah had some horrendous. One of these guys, the marrying women with children, and all of those stupid jokes. And I come across her all the way on the channel 12. Oh, yeah. And guess what he had, he had John Wesley Fletcher again with what's her name? Jessica Han. She was in Phoenix. I guess that's what she was crying and sobbing and swearing and caring. I hope you go to hell. I hope you dropped dead. You're all these good religious people, man. Screaming at each other and calling each other names and prostitutes and all kinds of sexual things that have been invented yet. And these are the same fakers man that get on there and you know, built millions of dollars. All you suckers out there that send money to these religious fakers out there. Why not send it to the Camilla Sons of the Salvation Army or some organization that's directly going to help some people who need your help instead of giving it to all these grave robbers. Okay. What a disgrace. I thought they were in separate cities. Oh, I think in fact, a lot of probably what she's going to happen together. I was afraid to watch. I'm not working a job on this radio station now for less than 400 a week in this man as destroyed my family. She's crying man. She would have put Tammy Fletcher to shame. She might be auditioning for Tammy Fletcher job on a PPL. I'm telling you. I'm serious man because she was just floating them out there like crazy. She thought she was going to float away. She was like Allison Wonderland. But it was something I didn't get to see too much of it, but they were hysterical 1134. But of course, you know, those those forgiven sinners man, those are the ones we love the most and we send the most money to 26 before noon April of order with the news up to a couple of Soviet spies. That's why there was a little pause there, but the Nick is straightening it all out. It's 1137 a WIOD. The word from a radio spy Doug Tract is the Greece man's real name. He is Jewish. Huh? Okay. Really? I'm going to go get your copy playing all kinds of Jewish material on the show. I got to watch the Jew in a machine, by the way, which will be playing momentarily. But first we have to take these very important calls. Okay. Tafone and Palm Beach, highly. Just as a matter of fact, that's what I was going to tell you about. A leaf-hauer spy. Okay, if you won't call in personally, let's flush your mouth as they say. Mr. Wipple would say. You know who he had on yesterday. I'm afraid to ask. They mean what? Yes, the alien. Oh, no. That's not the sensuous relationship between Lee Fowler and Steve Kane as got to of he straightened up. Right. I didn't believe that. Too much male bonded, you know, it was just, let's go on on. Yeah, I got him my car last night and turned on the radio. And here's the fins where I had 24 to 10. Yeah. At that point, I knew they were going to lose. But they didn't. But they didn't. You're right. I was very surprised this morning. Well, I tried. They're best. They didn't want to be old college trying tied it up there. But the last one. What? Because, you know, the rival right there between Marino and Strocky could let Strock do it. We still don't know. They're good buddies. I know. But, you know, you're going to show that he can do it alone. In fact, I remember Strock was on my Sunday show one time. He was in the building when I was doing the Sunday mornings on INZ. And I was the time. Remember when Marino held out a couple of years ago. Yeah, I knew the Houston game to start the season because he wasn't ready. And he held, didn't come to camp. And, uh, brought Strocky and I asked him, doesn't Marino care about the fans or anything. And, of course, the bottom line is they'll care about the money. I don't like money. You know, just like those of us in this business, and that's what life is coming in this country. So why should they be any different? Yeah, but they should feel a little guilty when they go into pick them up at the window on Friday. Yeah, that's true. But, uh, maybe they just a twin is just a pain of guilt. Yeah, we're some bird. Man, you shouldn't freak out so much. Some people start to talk about sports. That's the only thing Miami or South Florida's got to go for it, which is in a lot right now. You know, about the heat man, you're all in 17 there. Yeah. They're giving them the right college try. Why? I don't think they keep going for it. I don't see, I don't know. Of course, when you give it the old college try, I ought to be playing college teams. That might help. Well, they could win one. They might. Yes, the Connie. Sunny keeps predicting it, but don't hold your breath. So, I didn't say anything about that. So, all I said was this has been rehashed to death. Yeah, well, hours or maybe stand a moment. What can you say about sports? He's going to say it. You got to be right. Again, tonight at 6 o'clock again. They will be a sponsor. Pay no attention to the butt line doing. Okay, do it. Pay no attention. More. That was my point. Well, once you got on the air this morning, I mean, the first thing was, please, don't talk about the door. I was sincere. And I want to appreciate you for calling in, sir. Thanks very much. Well, we love you. Great. Is that it? Are you leaving now? Are you going to be intimidated by the butt line? I love the butt-looking doc. Okay. He hasn't been out of, well, I won't talk about that. But, uh, thank you. Thank you all very much. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Well, I'm talking to that Palm Beach line. We got a cookin' out and I don't know where the cause of coming from, but a terrain from Palm Beach. I'll tell you that. And we're sure not hearing from Lee Fowler. Now, maybe, do you think it's possible that he's chickened out on this alleged expo day that he's going to do on WOLD? Do you think that's possible? No. Because that would be embarrassing. I mean, like when you make a gigantic pronounciment as he did last week. And you predict all of these wild expo days. And then all of a sudden you disappear into the woodwork like a termite. Nobody can flush you out. So, there's that word again, man. Why do you, uh, I think he wants to, I feel a little flush now that I mentioned it. I think he wants it to write at his, at his convenience. He got it in his brain. Okay. Miami Beach, hello. Yes, uh, this is the first time caller here. Well, how are you doing pal? All right. Well, I'm a real Jewish John. Hey, how about that? Another Jewish John. What you said about that this morning, but you've got to be honest. John is not a Jewish name. I know, it's top, but off I got an agent, my name. J. H. N. J. J. J. J. That's, and I just moved here from, uh, move back here from game. No, wait a minute, wait a minute. What are you shaking your head about now? He hasn't said a word about sport. I didn't say I'm not saying anything that you're going to be pleased with. I didn't say a word. It comes back with your life. Then you'll be, then he'll be pacified. So he's getting a little surly because he, we haven't had all a food in your amount of diet. Oh, no. We haven't had all this food. And now he's getting a little bit of shit. Don't look into this man. You're doing right. Okay. I'm just waiting for the point. What happens with these guys, man? You're a problem, right? They get used to being treated like royalty. And all of a sudden, man, you get, uh, you know, you go ahead. I'll bet everything's just fine. But I need to ask you a question here. About three weeks, I bet no, listen, I was turned on by a friend here. And I know you don't like the old parts and the Canadian. But what exactly is he? You don't like about the Canadian. The French Canadians. Yeah. Oh, excuse me. Oh, yeah. The French can end. The other ones are okay. The French Canadians come down here and they're, the words they don't tip at all. They live like a dime on an $80 bill. And they drive about 15 miles an hour and reverse. And they're just, uh, you know, they just generally destroyed a whole area when they come down. They ruined for everybody else. We were watching the, uh, don't even came right right out of sports bar. And the gratuitty was included. And that's what's heard the, uh, conversation. Yeah, but you had a lot of French Canadians. If the tip is included, man, they'll be there, especially if there's 40% off. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, what was it you said this morning about Jewish Shund? I missed it the getting in the show. Somebody called in some young kid, as a matter of fact, you must have been 9 or 10 years old or 12 or whatever he was. And he said his name was John. And then he was asking me about the grease man and all these, you know, stuff that he plays up there in Washington, which I wasn't aware of. And after I hung up, I realized that this kid, based he said happy Shavoyce or something was Jewish and his name was John. Oh, okay. I just made a point that John is not usually a Jewish name. That's all, it's nothing that we have to, you know, bring in the ass or the air, if I had to have a conference about or, you know, Monachum big and a red-eating like that. It just was an observation. I could be wrong. We could wind up with 50,000 Jewish Johns out there before the end of that. I kind of doubt it though. Okay. What time are those great like John Ben Gurian? John Vagan? That's, that's all I'm sure that's all that's. John Lepetus. And John Lepetus. I know him. Yeah, but you do. From the wrong, right? I've been listening to about three weeks and now listening to him in my house. go sir you're an addict did you can't turn it off. Okay so it's nothing I should be worried about. Oh no something you ought to be excited about. Okay Mr. Rogers and Mr. Duck are having good one. You too. Okay if I can find one I certainly will. 1144 16 till noon on a show that is moving along at a breathtaking pace and it has been star-studded. Star-studded we've had celebrities we've had would be celebrities we had former celebrities we haven't had leave follow though. True but we do have Greg and Port St. Lucy on the leaf-hower line how you doing Greg Greg is putting on his best spot for the radio voice. What time is your show on Greg? Well we have the cancel for today other a lot of shows in town like that including one on the station we used to work. Brian guys doing over there. Great are we really let's see Port St. Lucy that's not too far from a Sebastian I bet. Yeah we're pretty close. You don't know that guy that writes me those letters do you? He writes letters. Hate letters from Sebastian yeah they hate us in Sebastian. There needs them. Those born again Christians are going to come down and rip off our faces until we accept the Lord you know that kind of stuff. There are some pieces getting developed now it's and Rogers there. Penn Rogers there it is open they've got a long way to go to finish it but they're building a gigantic expensive multi-million dollar Penn rods on South Beach. That's great because these are done for a lot of that and forget about that sir Bob Cox is standing at the city line and he will if you're under the age of 100 man he will not let you in. At least me out. Oh now we got to call says the grease man is Lutheran. Yeah he's Lutheran he's a little bit everything okay. He's by religious man he's got a filthy mouth to top it all off. So what is the deal with Port Larder's else because back to me kids that there is pretty dead. Yeah that is the operative word you took it out of my mouth sir it is dead it's been the patient has been declared the deceased. What a shame. Yep used to be a great swing in place great time lot of young living and breathing people. Now the only young people I got left are the drug use out there in the streets it's about it. What is the mayor trying to do making the tour retirement? Yeah you got it. Outdoor funeral parlor sir it's the number one business in his town. So dying business. It's inside thing they set the hotel down or yeah we're going to tear him down we're making condo like they did on Miami Beach that was the worst when they started with the first condo on Miami Beach that was the kissadette okay and that's what's going to happen in four Larderdale now. Wonderful. In fact you know that hotel a Yankee Clipper it may be four long become the Yankee slipper. Well listen it's great hearing from you I know you're you're just astonished by this but welcome to a unreal place okay. Yeah come down and see you soon okay have a good one. Bring your friend from Sebastian too. I can't go. Bye bye. Well we get calls from all over. Yeah God Zackan only from Pahoki and we like to Lucy and Viro Beach. Jensen Beach places that I'm not really quite sure where they are Air Force Beach. There's only the nude beach in the West Palm Beach until um the little oladies used to stand up on the chairs with their binoculars. That's disgusting down there. What is that to it? It's disgusting. And then they used to get telescope and that one they saw Lee Fowler on Air Force Beach. That's when they closed it down they said this is going a little bit too far. That's Lee Lee in the Raw. I'm telling you man I don't know what's going on at Palm Beach line is that's a plucky it's going crazy but I just have a feeling he may shine us you know what I'm saying he may with that piece something if he shines us maybe today. So what's the story we have maybe Lee could take a poll today and what is what's just to think is the grease man juicer a little bit. Great. There you go baby you got your show now glad to do it for you. Oh that's not him huh. All every time I see that Palm Beach line I think just maybe maybe it's the the thing that I don't understand is the only time we can get him on anymore Steve has to come in here and call him on that live. You notice that that little little shit. What does he have to do? Get Steve's permission before he calls the show is that apparently there's this incestuous then he had named Dean the space queen or whatever she is on. Incredible. Incredible unbelievable. We've got a penrod spy report see the problem in fact I got a letter about that this morning about somebody gets very upset because we keep taking the mobile and the Palm Beach line callers and everybody else has to wait till they become like Methuselow okay. True and they're getting sick and tired of that right. Next says yes. I understand it. So from now on if you call in a mobile phone we'll make you wait till a year from Lucas to put you on okay. I like a little residual air from Bellsouth mobility or something. It's 11.48 at WIOD and of course the trend is on and some of you in a business looking for a new career than check out the Entertainment Institute at 14.6D. Oh Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Alright, 156 at WIOD we may have discovered why Lee is too embarrassed to call us today. Yeah in the Sun Sentinel Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah, call a couple of your older relatives like in deer field or in Delray or in Volca I hate the show. Have a good salad. Okay. Good luck to you. Have a good salad. That's a kind of a hurry Yeah, and the Bobby there. What did that mean? I don't understand. I don't know. Did that compute with you? I would ever die. I've never heard that. That was peak Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah If yours meets sir, you know, like everybody doesn't like all the same things, like everybody's different. And at Boresme, I don't see the purpose of it. And also I don't like, well, people could get hurt like with football, all my gun, you know, it makes me nervous for a bit. Boxing makes me the most. Boxing is not a sport. Boxing is barbaric. But honestly, a nice, cool baseball iron football. Well playing is different. Playing is different. Let me ask you this question. Baseball, not too many people get hurt. Okay, baseball is a context sport. And yet you hate baseball. Not like, it's actually the other. Yes, you do. Not as baseball is a marvelous sport. Fantastic. It's great. It takes skill. And I also do all sports. Do you think hockey doesn't take skill? Oh, hockey is barbaric. That's all right. God. He is the old beating. He's the greatest. I'm not saying I like a lot of the, you know, the sparing and a lot of the stuff with the sticks that they do, which is grow test. But hockey is a great sport. I'm sure there's no hope. There really isn't. I enjoy tennis. Oh, I'm excited. Everybody makes fun. I'm like that all for. How about curling? Well, now curling. That's the old. I'm not. How about the cricket? No, well, curling. I got into when I was up north. Everybody's into curling. Yeah. And then some substance, you know? I'd answer your questions sir. It doesn't matter where there's no sense there's no champions. Oh, well, let me show the Neil in a keybumb listening right. Listen, though, ladies from 5 pero to the morning, to sports talk those over. So guys bless you, sir. Ready? Everybody. Oh, by see. There's what we need even if you don't like him. He's a great corner on a great level of duty. We want people to be like slaves to the station. Aqua to it. open line in date if you move very quickly to a 751 9463 for you are real Dodo birds at 751 W i o d speaking of Dodo birds Palm Beach yeah you guys gonna great show just mind no you could confirm with you things one is I'm talking to a friend of mine at Philadelphia and as you know Allen Brick at Wcau that is correct told me besides doing his pop show there he replaced al melt sir I was having a hard time believing that but that true you heard that I don't have any idea because that sounded pretty bizarre well first of all who is now who the hell is now melts now melt sir is all but on all that's not al melt sir Bernard melts sir no al melt sir does these words that they'll be saying you know chance no what Allen knows about sports no chance so he didn't replace men second question is um well we don't really know okay second question is that I was told that um so saltman would be calling the uh Kentucky Derby um feature ways it wasn't for Chad 40 now even I know who Phil saltman is sir let me ask you something I know you're in Palm Beach have you have you been listening to the leaf on or show a desert explain your present state of mind sir no there must be something either in the air or in the drinking water up there that is affecting you but when you come down call a specs and they will have a good hard-tard chat with you okay 12 of these six let's move right along to Gainesville hello hello um I think that was Dean Junior call some broke actually I just got in from Gainesville and or I had to tell you it's incredible just to hear someone there when it would I put that up line that that line did I say Gainesville that's what I know I said Gainesville information I'm even I'm not that stupid sir really never know I don't care what Johnny Dark says they don't hear us in Gainesville or we'd be getting calls from Allen every day well so I called you well while I go couple months ago told you that uh work down he was gonna be up there and he didn't actually cause too much commotion but uh it's going to be a real circus town up there because they have the set I don't know if you heard about it but they had dwarf tossing in Gainesville yeah he was in a you know bar called the animal house this guy uh bitch Wilson goes around and and he's yeah he's related to magica stands up by the chain so yeah and he goes around and offers to I think the price of a thousand dollars for the person who could toss in the part of it and it's been that Bob Mayer's gonna be going up there for a child for you yeah well and they got they got some guys up there so anyway uh I'm sure it's up there well anyway I also have to say that I agree with a plan on the sports thing I mean I enjoy playing sports but just just kind of watching him it's it's pretty boring I'm a mazer by guys who's been like seven hours on a Sunday watching two now listen let me let me quote the great man of God Jimmy Swagger who said that sometimes watching is almost as good as part of the thing I don't agree well in some cases right yeah I know I have a couple of roommates that uh bit you know go to school up in and just have tons and tons of work and they just been like like 18 hours Sunday from son up to sundown just plastered it for that well first of all years ago I'm a big sportsman I'll give me wrong years ago I used to get into that kind of thing when it was quality but now the national football league is so diluted with mediocrity see people keep bitching about the dolphins or this specific team it's not a specific team the league the quality of play you know expansion is caused this tremendous dilution of talent and all sports and it's diminished to such mediocrity now that basically what you've got is a mediocre sport so to be able to sit there and watch it for six seven eight hours you've really got to be desperate you have to have no life at all reminds me of during the strike when some people actually were watching tape game yeah oh yeah I remember and watching those scams Sunday afternoon yeah at least the mystery picker was picking scabs not watching it well listen it's great hearing from you give our regards to everybody in gamesville the Allen and all those other wonderful great american okay and uh well I'll be in town for a few weeks so we will be monitoring you and uh how good one okay how well okay well listen worth the end of the hour and uh we got one of the most disgusting program you're doing set up you're doing set it up you're doing bad you're doing bad you're doing bad 57 degrees is just beyond believable and even the slim rich over here has said that it is a brutal out there it is just absolutely unbelievable I'm sorry Jay we had to say okay one 06 and WI would answer final hour here on a Tuesday and uh 54 minutes I guess now I guess for ten o'clock show up with that check hit simply by the way even if he doesn't show mine is not coming out of there in other words it's in there to stay but I just um will be really dismayed if we were disappointed I don't think that's gonna happen he'll show up he will okay here's somebody who's a big hurry and westchester hello hello on a payphone and we got right to you right yeah thanks a lot you know my surround kind of cold out here uh I heard you people bow out driving in my car and I heard you people bashing contacts for it hello hello not you people just mr. bird over here just a butt-looking duck you didn't hear me bashing oh okay I'm not wanted to get mr. duc's opinion then I thought judo and full contact icon dosed stuff like that my opinion of it well see I have a different opinion sir about actually participating in a sport and passively watching a sport I think they're very separate things so if you're participating in it and doing it I think that's like uh whatever it is I think it's probably good for you and it sounds like you're like almost accomplishing something you know what I mean well have you ever seen did you watch the judo on the uh the judo competitions it's not really boring no I did not watch it no everybody but years and years and years ago I did that for exercise like 15 18 years ago I used to do judo and karate for exercise purposes but would you would you consider that a sporter hmm i was not what Lee has gone on a bar that rabbi who does judo I guess it's a sport yeah what else would you call it well it you know it is judo sport but yeah um but I'm not for spectator I mean boring for spectators I would think so you wouldn't well would you condemn people for participating in sports where they might you know get bashed in the face no I don't want to condemn people sure you do uh because like let me you don't want to you just got through doing it in the last hour condemning people to watch football that's what they want to do that's their business it's just you're condemning them you're being judged by you're like whatever is right wing board again douchebag seems like a waste of time to me well that's your opinion if you're participating in it I think you know what what's at risk and I think you know you're aware when you go into it so no I would not condemn people well what one thing though at least it's good for self defense if you know absolutely I agree exactly especially when you're standing out in the cold of the payphone yeah well thanks a lot you guys okay wanted to clear that up okay have a great life did we say you got no he got the cue there when I said especially if you're standing up there might be a line you could decide on the cold he doesn't have to worry about jujitsu or go jitsu or any of that okay we got a mobile on it hello how long it's the girl from picketella dead how long you deal why a way to point Thomas said I'm here my God sleep and low boy this day has been started and all the celebrities are calling what do you mean I didn't put you on what is wrong with you oh no no they go disappeared boy you talk about dumb and that voice sounded very familiar didn't it sure did was it am I thinking of who you're thinking of now you don't I'm telling you the voice when he said he didn't even put it on I would bet a lot of money that I know who that was they okay sometimes celebrity in this community huh somebody you don't get along with too well okay let's move right along there might be a report lotterdale hello how's it going you it's terrific man we've had every celebrity and would be celebrity today you can shake a stick yeah um yeah to call on there talk about the illnesses everywhere on the tape I was wondering if you get the chance you'd be able to put out a note you don't take me questions but I should I've had a video on MTV and it's been a like about three or four months since I've heard it well see I got a real good excuse on it I have it on CD but I haven't put it on cart yet so I can't do it until I get around with that all right then maybe not a good excuse that's good no it's legitimate I mean it's true it's yeah it is that's for you I'm not that would just doesn't mean if I had it on a cart I would necessarily play it either but they'll get around to it well get to um so as you can do that can you do a shorter one for me I used to live in Holland down these play that home and device or it's trying to be dangerous I'm not gonna be quite you know it's your shelves and you do it's one you know this is your audience out here yeah they don't sound like requests that's for sure but I got news for if you if you used to live in Holland they'll do deserve anything you know what I'm saying have a great life you can buy no seriously anybody who lived in here especially that young he sounded like he was not a ronded absolutely and he sounded like he was a little desperate they're too Miami cops with a hot new things they're on the streets fighting they pop the hand again they say Lieutenant and that's a group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early birds special after seven years they're back and time let's go get them all right the theory under it oh so now you're asking my wife what's the chance they're gonna powder I'm gonna first uh let's see that white stuff yeah just a thought you got over under bags in here for what wait low my restaurant you can't out of like I mean you know to see didn't say coming soon this fall because in Holland they'll nothing it's uh one eleven and we have another celebrity caller I believe in line too hello it's the deal oh you sound like you're off speed son I think I just wanted to say thank you to the president of the morning for things are out now that you've gone and so we're gonna talk about you baby well this is this is sunny junior the boy is your president well my birthday say how many of you sound like you're about 48 rpm is boy is sunny well don't forget to share your birthday yeah birthdays your birthday don't you think of a president what's that what's that how they're going to be important Greg that's our friend Greg yeah that's be down we just called a minute ago on the other line he was uh first he was at um pickadilly and how he's at the sunny we like all these calls you know that Bobby Q is any boy boy pretty good impression now see somebody now captain Dave will be all of a sudden because we talked to Greg guys see what it's really rough one you got to reach for this it's a good time okay that's enough one thirteen at WIOD but we really the real sunny it's still in limbo somewhere and I'm getting nervous because it's already a 47 minutes and counting and maybe sunny is on his way to Toyota of Hollywood and WIOD well what you like remember as here is the king I don't have a middle animal much for a while but I want you all to know what I've been in rocker roll head and I'll be thinking of you restlessness and I to give you all a special Christmas message I'm gonna say to please like uh how about a little please do that tiger on by fighting for the one rocker will soon Christmas is a time of who time of joy the time for learning and I sure would love it takes slides that feature you got there I think what we're watching more or less hurry our Christmas Christmas to me means family family means friends the friends means getting together and getting together means eight our past few that tell me to take what you're like I'm gonna run boy I'm not just gonna say to you right now you know I made you a big star maybe too big but ain't nobody so big you can't reach out a helping hand a helping hand or would you hand me a helping those my haters over there which is why you make it more now like I was playing nobody so big you can't shoot to help a friend of need over the holiday season let's begin a season don't pass me that slow circuit when you get the chance like yeah just just don't scream the color that's right like so this Christmas why don't you all take a tip for mold a little not all they those stay kept right where they are you know I appreciate it thank you I want you to remember well power to guys great big family you know God made man into his only makes look in the mirror I'd have to say God must be a big big single again you know what I mean I want you to but especially once you all remember this one last thing you know all this home was Christmas spring and that popcorn up on the tree save a big big boat for the can extra butter no what I mean I like you do I can I can I can I can cut it out I cut it out what I've taken a WILD now listen get back to the when congressman Larry Smith called about an hour to a go and he mentioned the Department of Agriculture we've got a phone number because a lot more people it's a toll free number oh and since most people are a cheap and be lazy uh more people will call a toll free number and you know suggest that that meet that 7,000 pounds or whatever more than three tons of meat that could go to waste go to the communal house another similar type agencies all over the country uh 1 800 5 35 45 55 okay that's 1 800 5 35 45 55 that's the USDA and call them and let them know that you know you've heard about that story or read about it and that you agree with congressman Larry Smith and you want them to do something immediately proddo to release that stuff and get it to people who are desperately in need of it okay and not have it destroyed or go to waste and also if you've got clothing blankets or food items in your up in Broward or wherever our good friends it quick delivery and for a lot of day it will be happy to pick them up and bring them to the communal house so you can just call them quick delivery they're at 45 43 powerline road and for a lot of dollars just go over there with your goodies and they will get them down here okay 90 past one and we got a um not a celebrity now not even close in full water day hello yeah are you doing okay the guy leaves his farm he is to the radio station what a water boy is to a football team okay whatever you say sir why do you want to be the dominant water boy but you know you know you know you know we don't have to whisper speak up by life on boys from what were you at the game no no I hate to dolphin oh great another one of those another mystery picker junior hey Tom Shola great I'm the communist oh come on sir is whatever you say you didn't know that what is your ston it's a 20 past one boy you got some sick friends out and they come around I just don't know anyway I'm moving right along we have an open line where we just hung up now did you know she lost his voice yeah and as his vocal cords were shrinking away so with some of his other other way matter yeah thinking through the balls of the earth 524 Wild let's go to Hollywood hello hey bird yes sir doesn't that game just crack you up okay moving right along why they're out there today aren't I I think those last two were probably calling the same bedroom Miami hello yeah yeah I just talked to Neil speaking I Neil yeah I was trying I was gonna ask you something um when you're as they say you tell a picture I'll tell you studio of you with the Beatles whatever I've been to well what do you mean whatever happened to it still there as far as we may as probably still there I was wondering what they're now watch a govern yeah go check it out pal boy man are we getting some dead heads it time we got brain dead pinheads get rid of them man I think that's not even a slightest bit like like on Ed Monatone hang up on him don't survey I'm just get rid of them all of us something not a nowhere this you know what this is reminiscent of remember about a week ago we had that last hour the last week the very quick calls that's what this is reminiscent it's like dizzy-rue as witchin or what as um dizzy-r-n-s would say Miami hello Neil yeah how you doing okay in color how the question about the ratings this book you got yeah how do they take those that just a random survey or well not a random survey it is a scientific sampling alleged of the you know they'd rather than south pombie chauh ever they do apply phon or by mail or now they do apply with diaries they take they take some diaries around personally something they may allow with letters and whatever okay just care about that one thing a bird nicer uh... carry merman report all in a way to my person hold it hold it they didn't see I told you the other day they keep messing around with the hair on these women okay on channel 10 first they must around with Diane Magdem every day she'd have a different hair do and one you know and now yesterday here's Terry meriman and they've cut all her hair off all of it she looks like she looks like the singing none now she needs to go on the new system program too I look like her hair already did you can't see you can't see her below the uh... the chest or she a little chunky all very is she oh yeah really oh yeah seriously they messed up her hair is something fierce they've cut a real real short and um... looks like a skin hit almost now if you see her in person yeah i thought uh... at a little vent she did it a bowling alley and she's a little at a bowling alley had a bowling something with no wait a few months in there with and bishop what you're calling like a lot and she's a little chunky is she oh yeah i didn't notice they disguised it on the on the TV well you can't see below the chest that's right and you know what i am to got on below the not much leather yeah well i love your show my checks in the mail for the kimola housing keep up to go work thank you you're first to sing call of the sound right that's right have a great life you know our second i think that's not bad out of forty eight okay it's twenty four past the hour one twenty four w i o d now we'll continue with these spectacular calls in a second don't forget now from the channel then i wouldn't mind if that's a kill and hey where's that going what's she doing with that machine guy oh my god whew say what's the wife he was fed up with green one story after another about props and violence now she wants to write the role and rewrite the news in and fall starring and bishop don't just leave I'll see you tonight at five six on a ladder god you're good to do it me when i get through with you there won't be a number of you less than make a good two days or don't starring and bishop on the starring car oh whether it's toy platterdale and god not that god there's a stationary god over the bed well and fall he's rewrote the new dad call coming to it's one twenty nine at w i o d the homo sanity and another wise in same place right what an hour hours certainly is a good proof it's part of that insanity making of saying let's go to beautiful west pombie chillin yeah how's going great i just turn on i just turn you on to i don't know if i'm from give you all the information here's a with leaf out of yesterday not not the show he did but the end no when the rckk i did some of those little words can try to bathe and he said that's a good is yellow and screaming so there's a pretty pondered hour oh no leave baby no injuries that ashamed to call us okay that's a part of it a bird yes sir where do you go no i just i want to tell you even body and clied never stole as much as follower has in a last uh i don't know a few months incredible it's terrible i don't know i just was flipping through and you know pretty well yelling stream and stuff here i listen for a little bit and then yeah that'll generally do it so and that's before his guest got uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh weighs all yellow and is he well listen have a great day all right back right bye 130 a w i do if you're not familiar with the w j and o primal yell tune in to leaf outer and there's something there isn't there talk about a screamer and we've had a lot of screamers on the phone today believe me let's go to Miami hello hey hey there and i'm just terrific are you real or are i make believe sir i'm sorry are you for real or make believe i'm definitely for real okay couple things bird number one no no no i thought Terry moving at the heat game you did yeah wait a minute are you so Terry meriman and heat well that too how was she no she was sucking down a few cocktails i'm i'm i'm being serious too it was right before for special because i saw the news that night on the rerun right on uh uh married to the badge she she was on set that night you know i'm saying she was on set with the hand bishop and right before that i mean i don't know if it was ginger ale or not but yeah yeah i'm sure maybe a little dietary so yeah right um but the guy said he saw she's not bad looking at all she's not at all uh no i don't think she's bad looking but what they did you see her on the news last night no i do they have cutter it's it's like you remember the scene at movie um um that was then and this is now with the media we have and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well anyway there's a scene where they all get drunk and they take a scissors and they cut this girls here all off and that's what it looked like they did the portary last night on the news man i mean her here is like all on the cutting room floor somewhere exactly those people at channel 10 i think Brian Norcross is arranging the hairdo's i really do i don't know either here uh the little guy either better they got walk crone i's doing with the shaky thumb i'm doing haircuts you know what about massing gale what about him well i know he's a real doucheye uh oh but he's pretty hot she got some hits but i'm cool massing gale uh no no um also what are a couple of things uh did you see after on 60 minutes uh yeah the hangin judge yeah and uh they he was on uh how come she wasn't on Steve's show well he doesn't have those chronic gifts on anymore he has original different people on like Bob Koonston and Rick Siderman you're not just frutten for him oh hey no it's just a joke and you're what i just said and lsrubin and all those original guests have you ever been day and uh i know i know lnl is busy the hangin judge busy riding that bike yeah right hey bird i know why they don't want to do the news why is that so well does he have to make so many errors and he's in pre-readers material on uh you know i have that bird bit where he messes up all the time yeah this is a hard for news show well that's perfect for our audience yeah right exactly so i'm sure no catch on after we've been here long enough i think you got to do something from the tabloids that was great that's okay we'll bring it back well great i've wanted a thing about the ratings yeah i'm not only to take up too much time today do they have a section for like the overnight DJs where who has the thing here no they don't do that not after middle no i mean it is such a thing but we don't get it okay but there is you if you can get it if you're desperate but there's so few people listening overnight that it's not worth you know i see lsd security um i was wondering in closing yeah in closing i was wondering if you could pray that that's all and how you did about uh Jewish polkanos yeah i was really coming up right after the news are you serious well it just uh dawn on me yeah great have a good one say goodbye right 134 wio d let's tell you about the brick oven pizza rear as Ernie would say no matter what you call it the pizza is sensational the people who read sound forward a magazine devoted at the best pizza in sound forward a two years in a row it is unique it is totally different small personal size pizzas cooked in those wood burning brick ovens in just three minutes it's not one of those places you order your pizza and then you read war and peace before it comes to the table man in just three minutes they will have it to your hot and delicious just the way you like it with any of the toppings you like or just the cheese and tomatoes which is fantastic and of course all kinds of great calzones and sandwiches the garlic slices are out of this world they're big zinean spaghetti are fantastic it if you're out of diet they've even got great antipostos and other salads at the brick oven and uh when you stop i am i out right another 500 and bring it in the moral if you're right i mean you have to check booklet here i don't usually bring my checkbook in so he is here you would that insecure that you bring your checkbook to work with it i trust that's great thank you very much it really is a thousand how do you like that incredible i'll be damned i'll be done let's take a lot of questions herman and McBean are going to really look at that up this but they didn't give me a dime yet so uh how we hear him better in the can you he's like closer to the microphone um he laid back you can hear him better than me really well different tone well we're different yeah we're different like me he stills into an initiation yeah what did you think of uh be dealt impression of you this afternoon so i'm sorry as you are computer or something yeah it was really screwed up that's why we knew it wasn't you what was dropping out there we had nothing muffled so we knew it wasn't you that's the a bigger that's the bigger fan because i can't do him i can't well let's not get into that try okay six to ten a i'm 25 to 54 that's what you really want to know oh i have a movie for you are you going to listen to me i'm going to give you a big post here you went up from a four seven nine and uh 12 plus no that's 25 to 54 i'll get to that she don't be impatient now we're just relaxed we'll be this her speaks English oh she's now we got to go back again let's might you know magic had a six wacky which no spaghetti glaze zeta already dropped from a seven one to a five that's surprising isn't it and the reneary had a five zeta is dropping like a rock it out uh the heels enjoying one of the two times that a dancer can enjoy a slide rock muslims a game more more doing more does it you have a idea so why because you know what they say what goes around comes around you know what they say solve the problem over there uh sunny you know they've turned the corner yeah number three they're shooting for but it's going to be number twenty two that's the problem i like to you what was the logic you expressed the while ago about you go to have it like a two five you can sell oh yeah don't need to be like the time to replace the sales department yeah yeah yeah they've solved the problem good luck you guys work without your funds and yeah yeah you can you know you can you know you can you know oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh he went for we said this already you went from a four to a four five number five beaten not only by QBA and AQI which no speed in English reneary you had a six one and life which doesn't count so basically you were second among the real radio stations right well that's great and congratulations yeah conventional actually well I have any I'll keep doing it but you're residents you don't want to hold show up is that what you're saying you know why I like to have all the big surd and heels that agree to that grand you know no problem I will trust me there will be another 500 here and that's between a set'll be two grand which is a real good deal I appreciate it for the way my vet is much better looking you know what color is it it's black was black red honey we're gonna take thank we're gonna you just give us the show for my look like a poll which you are right or black folks on fence yeah well I nice being here but you know bones waiting in our and the ten-year-old program director will get really upset if we give you too much and how many queen thank you son of you very much thank you and keep up the good work thank you so much thanks honey and I promise we won't go on FM again for least six months this is the right here is matter gladiator look yeah he sure does gladiator we understand it we know your humor thank you very much see I told you son you guys kept saying also he's been a shiny a shiny he's got it okay say hi to him why you're crossing hell and they'll be full of our big careful sign now that's terrific a grand okay promised 500 he brought a thousand and I'm gonna bring another 500 in the moral great okay I'm glad he's on by the way it's all tax deductible it's a you know charity it's all tax deductible for those you cheap skates are there so that should motivate you I mean here two of the radio big wigs and of course in Greg called us we expect him to be coming up with a check mm-hmm which he's been very generous too remember we did the thing for the holiday fund wasn't it for that or was it so far whatever it was he can really have contributed and Tanner up came up with a big check and your good friend Irene got a check well she did yes she did I mean don't hold that against her I know you don't want to hold anything against her I know you're so man you went out of gloves and even w's news it's a good thing I don't have any got registered in the family stations you know although uh Zada at night had a point seven I just thought that again again it's a good help me to so you know we gotta get my break oh god I hear wuffy radio beat him to a night 11 before two at w i o d i want to tell you about it save you I am it whatever you said want to see three w i will be there way going can't keep him down in the big city what want to thank those in box for coming by that really not seriously a brand is just a magnificent gesture for Camilla sounds and I brought in the 500 being a cheap skate and I'll bring in the other 500 tomorrow no problem and um you know you folks better get on a bandwagon now okay make the checks on today while you're motivated while you hear that the big shooters are doing everything you better write out your check for 10 or 20 or 50 and again if you want one of those cassettes which are going to be ready um well least a master will be ready on Sunday so they'll start going out next week right then a $20 check or more to Camilla sounds don't be a piker if you're going to afford more than that then uh you know make the check out for 50 or 100 whatever it all adds up big and you know a stamp self arrest envelope a 90 minute cassette right and we don't have the envelope life will go on we'll still get it out to you and mail it to Neil Rogers Wild Miami 33141 okay I just want to remark about what a star studied program has been incredible day this is like old times again like in that gun i nz on a kick an ass station for the west uh this is a part of the west post to make it complete and really bring back those memories okay kick an ass with 50,000 watts of power all over self lower the from the keys to the palm beaches even out to the Bahamas this is Wion's oh yeah this was Wion's actually this this never was this is Wild D for those who aren't quite sure and we want to make sure you are let me say it again Wild but um that was Wion's a lot of time as they've seen these numbers man is a shadow of its former self true we don't want to rub it in well yes we do my any hello hello yeah I call the u.s.d i thought you'd be interested in what they had to say okay um first of all the lady wanted to know who was giving out their phone number yeah and in a day it was called through last two hours great the second thing was that the meat was sent from Connecticut and the reason the decision has been made to destroy it or handed out is because they're not sure that you're a section it may go back to Connecticut and therefore the static Connecticut will decide what to do with it if they just said it instead of Florida then it would be the state's decision to destroy it or handed out yeah to me it is not contaminated it's frozen and as they understand it's the only problem with it is it's too that what is it that too tough for their standards that's the act but it's still very edible and I'm sure that the people are starving to death would not quibble you know one way the other right she said to crawl back either tomorrow the day after and they would have the name of the person responsible for making the decision to destroy it or not um great so call them back okay today you'll never get on all right the number again is 1-800-535-4555 right and it took me about 20 minutes to get through because