Thank you very much, Nick. You do have a turn table in there. It's frightening. We have equipment in this building. It works too. Let's get to the mobile call. How are you doing now? Great. I'm glad to see you back. I can't imagine why. I've been waiting for an eternity. I have a 751 WILD in day. That's where they just all dropped off like flies. Go ahead, sir. I have a city of Finland. That's true. Anyway, you still accept collect cool. Yeah. Good. Where are you? Well, right now. No, no, no. Right now. I'm Northborough County. I will be an Italy next week. And I would like to call you. Oh, yeah. We're going to get our own map. In fact, we got a big wall here. And if we do it real neatly and real antiseptically, we can put a big map up on a wall start sticking to pins in it. That's fine. So if you will accept it, I will like to call you while I'm over there. Trust me. As I'm eating a pizza or some good Italian food, I'll think of you. And early me, so this company has more money than God. And if you're calling from the moon, we'll accept it. Okay. That's fine. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. Okay. Let's go to Pompito Beach, Chelo. I'm so depressed. I feel like jumping off the 17th Street causeway. Well, I hold your hand while you're doing it, sir. What happened? You know what the big thing could happen. But do you think I'll ever be known as anything other than the Sighterman Turncoat? What? The Rick Sighterman Turncoat. I'm a guy. I'm a guy that called the other day and I kind of cut you short. I didn't hang up on you. No. You're not already said you're saying. But you were like jumping into bed with him if I can use that expression. Yeah, but you showed me the error of my ways. But you're so emotional, sir. I mean, the first day I came in, if I got, I don't think I was even on the area. I was on with Steve that one day on Friday. And you called in and you were just chastising me and warning me and caution me if I ever, you know, started becoming palsy with sight of him and that I have no credibility. And I'm telling you, it's never going to happen. And then all of a sudden you call me the other day and you had dinner with him or whatever. And he's so not really. You really don't want to cry. And now this is not a flip flopping back again because you realize that he is a malignant right wing, Dushbag. Okay. And his kind is I possibly can because I know Steve likes him a lot, but he is a malignant right wing, a hateful Dush. I have three words for all those right wing fascists who voted for this bush league idiot. President Dan Quail. Yeah. More on. Okay. Try to calm down. I was just saying, sorry. I did what I did. I hope you're able to. You're forgiven. Let me just say just one thing. Yeah. Don't ever do it again. Hey, Clay, show up. I'll wait. It's once for you. Okay. Well, boy. Talk about emotional. Yeah. Whoo. It's a miracle. I hope you'll be okay. I don't think so. I know. By the way, did you see that 49% of the voters turned out nationwide yesterday? Less than 50%. No. One of the lowest turnout. Maybe that was the lowest turnout at the time. I don't know. But I mean, the 49%. But in Florida, man, it came out like crazy. You know, must have been because of the great selection that we had. Like, you know, Mac and Mac. Did you see that buddy? Mac came. I'm serious. He's like a traveler died. I mean, Mac is a virulent right winger altogether. He's become so far right that you've got to just write him off to begin with. But I mean, buddy, Mac. Hmm. What a young. In fact, every time I get on a turnpike and I go by, he hod junction. I don't think about buddy, Mac. Really? He's Senator Mac. And of course, that's, and like I said, it's still so close that they can't figure it out. In other words, they're trying to find a way to get rid of both of them. I think is what it is. Now, there's an idea. Here's a call about the races. Hopefully that somebody here made some money. Hello. Great. Yeah, the races. Thank you very much. I've been listening to you for a couple days now. And I got this tips on the race. I barely caught that one on Coltspot. And I'm the eighth race yesterday. 11 bucks. He wins by four. Okay. Why only bet two bucks on it? Because I mean, I like an idiot. I bet all the other races before that. One in the fifth at Polish horse. Yeah, the Polish horse came out. That one. Yeah. I bet I'm a regus yesterday. Exclusively. He just came in. You know, I guess we made a real degenerate out of your out of your position. He's playing kid. That's great. Got a great show. And thank you for the races. Okay. Well, congratulations. You don't spend it all one place. I know. When you're picking the races, I didn't know. I listened to the day and you said you just go down and pick the like stolen rolls. And there's other. Yeah, I just do a bite. And now what I go to track. I don't do that. But I mean, on the year, we just do it for fun. So we just pick names that sound wacko. You know, see, I don't know anything about the tracks or so. That's pretty much sure. I have no preconceived. Well, I don't know anything else. Well, all right. I've been categorized movies. Okay. What other thing? Real quickly. Yeah. I can be proud of Barry County because Barry County went to talk. Are you cereal? Yeah. I didn't know that. I didn't either. Yeah. That must be. You know, with the popular vote. Okay. So I guess I can stay there, right? Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. See you at court. No forget. You're a little bit of a problem here. We got some chronic regulars like Veggie from Boko, who I see is online again. And veg. Can we put him on for just a second here? Is he on seven? Veg. Yes. What's going on here, Veg? Oh, sorry. Getting a little bit carried away. You know what they say? Once a king always a king. But once and nights enough. You know what I'm saying? All right. I figured I could have just punched a button and hung up on you and done a whole stick like that and everybody would laugh. You know, that stuff. But I don't want to do that. Demene you and make you into some kind of a subhuman mung brain. Or do you want me to just applaud and want some on this? No, no, no. I want some month. But you see, can't you fight a happy meeting like once a week would be nice? Oh, sure. I could do that. I don't believe in steadfast rules. Like if you had something earth shaking to tell us, like if they were having like a big sale on and Morrison's or something on on real soft, happy, open, putting or something. I mean, that would be worth breaking in. But other than that, you know, once a week, what's on your mind today, Veg? Well, I want to say that. Well, I want to say that. I believe it. Yes, make it do practice. Okay. Like I said, you can call us anytime. Okay. And I can't believe that. Bruce Warren. No, no. What are you living in some kind of a dream world? I know he was vice president. I guess everybody thinks. No, it's not an idea what he was vice president. It's got to do with the fact that he smeared Duke Hawk is very a deputy right from the beginning. And he made it look like a bigger whimper than he was. And he also picked a bigger whimper that himself to be his running mate. And so he likes to do like a mountain like a gigantic figure over these people. And that's what the Americans are in demand. They're in cosmetics. Don't confuse them with anything else. When it comes down to the Senate races in Congress, you know, it's a whole different volume. All of a sudden, they're in the issues and they're in due all sorts of other kinds of things. But when it comes to the presidency, they look upon it in such an awesome way that the only way they can do like Reagan. He was like a grandfather figure. And in case of some of us, they'd great great grand fun. You know what I'm saying, Ben? I understand. One thing, do you live in Broward or Palm Beach? No, I live in Broward. I live in Plantation. Because on our ballads, there was like a bunch of stuff like I didn't even. Well, if you look, when and down, leave it out. That's what I always have said. Yeah, so like some of the people I didn't even know. That's what Jeff Strikers always said to went and down, leave it out. Well, listen, have a good day. I hope, now see, I got to chucking a little bit. You feel better. You're depressed, but you'll get over it. Yeah, okay. And when you hear the side of those footsteps marching in your neighborhood, you know, it's either Nick Navarro, George Boyshore, both. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. Oh, I see you was okay. I don't know why you get so emotional. What? Now, we got an open line at Palm Beach. I see now, there's a little confusion there. I noticed in those intros. There's a little bit of confusion because they give the numbers together. And they say in a Palm Beach is in in Boko. I don't want to start nitpicking it, not doing it, but I just want to clarify. Because we got a lot of dumb listeners. Okay. And we need to lay it out for them as carefully as possible. So in Palm Beach, north of Boko and Delray at 655, Wiod. See, that's why that line hasn't been going crazy. They're confused. In in Boko, it's 278 Wiod. Well, I'm confused. It's very complex. Are you? Don't you think? It's very common. It's all the other lines. You go to Palm Beach lines. I can't see that I'm playing on the way. 118 Wiod will go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? Listen, I've been getting day to Smiling. Boy, you're really desperate, aren't you? Yeah. And he gave away the machine gun. He did. He left that. Yeah, he's given away everything that I left behind, I guess. Well, I got to get some listeners somehow, sir. I don't hear that. He left. He also said he lost three pounds. He said there's no more food in there. Yeah. Well, I've lost seven pounds since last Tuesday. In the weekend, the way in eight days, I've lost seven pounds. That's good. Well, I think that's from getting rid of this stress and the aggravating. Yeah. Do you think, do you think, oh, Mrs. Over there? Yeah. I think he wants the rich guys. Mm-hmm. Well, good luck to him, sir. Yeah. All right. Well, can you put you in one, go and Joey? Can we pick your handwork and with Joey? That would be interesting. Wouldn't it? Yeah. In fact, maybe he could bring out that cart that he could cut about, um, Yeah. Yeah. That one? Yeah. That would be so. I would love that. Okay, well, listen, we'll be looking for another report, sir. Have a great day. Okay. We call this. We call this. Oh, Tom Beach spy on eight. Hello. Yes. Hi. The other is down here. A case of mobile spy up here. First I want to congratulate you on your move. Unfortunately, I'm sorry to see the relieving ad. I'm a station to go. I am, uh, even you admitted a.m. was that. But maybe not. It's not that any more, sir. There's an electricity in the air. I smell victory. And it was really riding garbage. It was smelling. That's not this short too. Very lot. But the only thing I'm really going to miss is just there. I'll broadcast because even now with the strong signal. I have up there on Palm Beach. Chaz is not the same. Good luck to you anyway. Thank you, sir. Have a nice tissue. You too. Have a happy surface. And we hope you eat a lot of home and touch and pour them, too. Okay. By the way, the TV coverage of the election last night was the worst. I have ever seen. The absolute worst. It was in a bombination. The local coverage was embarrassing. The network coverage was humiliating. And ABC first gave a Maryland to the caucus. Then they took it back. And one of the networks gave a million oil. Then they had to take it back. And it was like in Dan weather kept apologizing. Right from the minute they came on, we know the polls are still open. And we encourage you get out and vote regardless of any projections. Get out and vote. And we don't want to be the first necessarily. Although it is over. But we don't want to be the first. You know, that kind of crap. Who are you kidding, Dan? And it was embarrassing. They were all fumbling and bumbling. And a channel 10. That was really something. That was incredible. I mean, and Dwight between the two of them. They were just doing a Mexican tap dance. They didn't know what the hell was going on. And it came fumbling with papers and people were supposed to be where they weren't. And it was just upside down. It was just a mess. That's why I've TV. Yeah. But I mean, really, the worst I've ever seen. And why can't they, with all these different like judge ships and they were 11 amendments and all of a sudden, why can't they just roll it for you and show you why do they have to go down each one? Oh, this is the one where, you know, it puts a cap. We already know that supposedly because we just voted if we didn't know it, then what the hell business did we have voting on them, right? So why do they have to do? Why can't they just roll a stuff and show us everything instead of these incipit interviews, you know, they're interviewing Mack and he says he won. And he says he lost and McKay who says, and that's all I was going to say. And he is a Yahoo. He's talking about what he was doing analysis on Senator McKay. He makes Bob Graham look like a genius at the time. That's what I was saying. Bob Graham is a BDI. He's on a tour. But, you know, that's in nature of the state. There are no real Democrats left in the state. Maybe like six or seven, okay? And then in the condos, of course, but that's another story. And don't forget our special bitcater today. Stolen rolls in the six threes with Mike Gonzalez. If he's in boy, look out. Now, I would have lunch at the state. He's buffet. Yeah. And head for colder. Now, give my pick and plunge my brains on stolen rolls after you cash on smoking bud in the smoking bud. That's a question. And we gave you three winners of colder yesterday. One guy who's had the decency to call in and share the two bucks that he bet on our horse. Probably it's after 11 on 610 WIOD. And then, he's the five points to TV news. Except, oh, I find this number to the news. He's anchored with a whip. Oh, that's 30 days. Better than all the things he did. Hard to believe in. It's hard to believe. And don't whip. Oh, no. You're me. I don't want to let this be over to us. Well, you're low. And don't whip. We have our necklace to go away. And don't whip. And don't whip. I don't want to let this be over to us. Okay, I thought that would be appropriate for today. And I lighted the great election night coverage last night on Channel 10. And the others weren't any better. But I mean, they were so uncornated. Nobody had any idea what was going on. He was great. Okay, let's go back to 1116 at WIOD. We'll go to Miami. Hello. I could morning meal. Yes, sir. Who won in glass? Hi. How you guys doing? Good. New Oakland. I'm a long time listener. First time caller. Congratulations. I understand that. Not that you're back on EM. FM is dead. It's back. That's correct. Yeah. I think it's like miracle. I was a way to make sure I had a straight. That is correct. I've been a meal Rogers closet listener. I'm a black male professional male. And I was told, sometimes it is. It's got a bigot on radio. Neorodges, etc. And I thought I listened to you. And the be honest with you. I don't find you to be a bigot at all. I think you attacked some of them or you weren't pooning. You make sad times. Some of them were ridiculous elements of our society. But I don't see you hopping on. You know, but people came to me and said, oh man, you see here. I'm not a rap group. I said, and that's a lot of the joke needs to be made fun of. Yeah. I mean, you put a scene in front of that word rap. I think you got it. Yeah, right on that. Yeah. So I just wanted to tell you. You know, now, but you know, you're getting more popularity. You know, among all elements of society and everything. Yeah. I hate to sound serious. I mean, yeah. No, I'm sorry. You can be a little model. I mean, after all, Bush did win yesterday. And you've got to write to BD press. Really? I mean, I am so I'm just in such a deep funk. I mean, I feel, I don't, I feel a worse than I felt in A and A and A before. I don't know why, man. I'd like when Reagan won it was bad enough. But now the thought of George Bush being president of the state. So depressing. Yeah. And having coil kind of like sitting there on the right, just needling him every now and then saying, you know, let's try a few black folks today for lunch or something like that. You know, we'll look at you. Have a great show on our job. Listen to you keep up the good work going by the way. Just have one question. Is it? I may be a maybe a trade secret. But that case, he case and bit. I mean, is that the real, that's it? That's it. Real pay here is it. Oh, yeah. I play eight not recorded. It doesn't only bid I've recorded and I play for the people in the office and they were like a Sterl, when they said, oh, that's a matter that somebody and I said it sounded so much like imagine that. Tell them they could bet their lives on it that it's him, okay? Incredible. Okay. But wait a minute. We're all going to get together and pay them out of jail tomorrow. Okay. Okay. Okay. That case, man. He's got more hot water these days. Mm-hmm. It's 11, 19 at WIOD. It's an erudges Wednesday show if you're tuning in and wondering where Paul Harvey's going to be in about now. He's not going to be here. Okay. So don't call a front desk. They got plenty of other stuff to take care of out there and don't call Nick and bug him because he's gone. Okay. He packed up all his little sandwiches and all his right wing propaganda. He's gone. Although quite frankly, from from what I understand, I could be wrong, but they're just not like getting overwhelmed. Right. That's what I heard. Like there were four people who called and three of them were relatives of Paul Harvey. They didn't get the other one was like the president of ABC or something like that. I don't know. It's just he's passing and he hasn't time passed him by. Oh God. He did wish everyone a good day though. I'm not touching it. I'm not going to go to a day view. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I was going to tell you that they were giving things away this morning, but someone beat me to the punch. But I'm going to tell you what to listen very carefully for, okay? When they start giving away the equipment, then you're going to know that what the future is eight or four is going to be. Well, I want you to listen to this. Tell me if you've heard this before. Well, that's the Santa. Yeah, so walk your Santa. They give him away too. Give it to me. Oh, in other words, you've got him right there now doing it right right here now on my dad. Oh, don't let anybody but what he's doing it on your dad. Now what did you have to do to win that? So I had to do with breakthrough the amazing number of phone calls. Incredible. Yeah. I think I dialed it with my eyes. Well, I don't wish you'd gave any battle. No, because he's a great guy. He had a super job for us, but as far as the company is concerned over. I don't wish, but all you're ready, bad luck. Because Rose is a great guy too, but as far as the company is concerned, they're going to, you know, we don't have to say anything. We don't have to do anything because through their own unbelievable incompetence and short sight of this and foolishness and stupidity, they're going to wind up doing all we can ever hold for them. Yeah. That's true. Trust me. I agree. Yeah. No, no, we can't. Michael's would say, trust me. We have no reason to wish him anything bad or that is correct. We wish him all the best. Exactly. And if you believe it, you know it will be planning for it. Now can I ask you this question, sir? Sir? Where is that thing? Oh, here it is. No, listen, what is it across between album oriented rock and an oldie sound? I was thinking about that when you mentioned it. Yeah. What does that mean? I would have to think that it would be Edison cylinder, but only the obscure cuts from the Edison. Oh, yeah. You know, it's a lighthouse cylinder. What they're going to be planning? Yeah. Uptown country, crossbred hybrid, motion, but a O R E O R. Now I think E O R Z O, that over there, sure, it's called into the road. But if more than three people have ever heard the cut before, doesn't qualify. That's correct. They're including the PD. Right. Okay. Listen, have a little strange brew for lunch and have a great day. All right. Okay. Strange brew, man. I've cut every time I heard that. He used to drive me nuts. And there were some people who would say, I heard it before. I'd say, where did you hear it? They said, on Zeta. Yeah. Because that's the only station in America that ever played that record. And there were several others too. I keep thinking that one, that's something about the wind. Who was that by twisting in the wind? That was my little wave. Oh, Emo Philips. Okay. Let's go to homestead, speaking of twisting in the wind. Hello. Hello. Yes. Oh, Neil. Hi. We're Paul Harvey Gole. He's twisting in the wind, right? We need him in homestead down at the farm bureau. Yeah. But you have a good time with Paul Harvey down in homestead, man. He's our idol. You could share some good right wing propaganda while eating your barley and grits. That's right. At Carveys Country stole. By the way, we got a new radio show that's coming on in town. I noticed that in the Harold article that we've left out. I know that you and homestead will enjoy it. It's called Shalom Sound Floor on WKT or the Soviet 3. Featuring Israeli Yiddish and Hasidic music of the President passed. Okay. I know you're really going to get in with that. It's about time somebody got that on the airway. Especially for Psyra and Homestead. It says. If it's on opposite of garden show, I won't be able to lift you. Okay. Well, listen. Have a good show. We'll see you later. Bye. Bye. Yeah. I hope it's on opposite. I don't know what to call me. I don't know what to do. I'm going to do this. Tree dr. Just driving me crazy. I can't compete with them. And I said, Ernie, you've been out on a long limb for a long time. You should have no problem at all. Okay. I just clean up your socks a little bit and everything will be alright. No, it's true. Ernie has been. I think that Alex Trebek is got enough other shows to do. He's going to replace him on concentration. That's just a rumor. But boy, if anything ever fit like a glove, as Michael Jackson would say. Well, I'm just rambling here today. No, no. Just on and on and on and that's where I like it. I like it that way. So go to show we're really getting comfortable. I want to say, uh, harmonious listening over at Flores. We're ready. We don't want to put any pressure on you. But we're ready for, you know, just plain cheese. And we're going to need it very antiseptically. Very quietly. Now after the break, why don't we do penis envy? Or should we save that to the food comes? That's a bit of a lot of other stuff. Early where the food comes. Let's get it out. So to speak, because there are a lot of people. And amazing enough. Remember all the young women. Yeah. I think it was that guy to hear that talking about the walking sand that they got you inspired to play this. So after we do the break, I think we'll, uh, we'll do it. 1124 at WIOT. That's the extent WIOD. Talk is only half a game. Our news gives you all the information you need. Every hour on the hour. Now, more with Neil Rogers. Our news talk ready of 610. WIOD. If I'm a penis I wear it out fly. In cap they think all that's we've come then we've tried. If I had a penis I'd get for a proper I'd gain the job and use me as a cover. If I had a penis I'd gain the job and use me as a cover. If I had a penis I'd get a penis. Party, stretch it and stroke it and shout it. That's Marty's I'd take it to head show and teach it to us. I'd fuck it and turkey's on Thanksgiving Day. I'd rather my bodies and sports cars and take shifts like shower in my fire with girly thin gifts. I'd be here on corner like a min at my toilet. I'd go get a foreigner and go for an order. If I had a penis I'd want to my mother. Come out the hair and compare it to brother. I'd land for I'd nicer my hand would end up. I'd land for being tighter and buckle and buckle. I'd be in a two-plunder of penis two-point. Cause I'd want to know how this would be. I'd be in a two-plunder of me. I'd be in a two-share. You picked up and play with when nobody's there. I'd be like a guy as fat over cheer. I'd play with my fly. I'd be used with care. I'd give it and chocolate at chicken. I'd get nice culture the movies with healthy food. I'd get in a vacuum, some bacon for random. Yassadling bottles and noodles and penders and photos and drinks. I'd like to jog these vintageies. Bulloth and bottles and bottles and bitches. You can't even see pretty much the tomatoes and pineapple fomping. Then go to the bottles and melons and marshmallows. I'd like to thank you for your support. I'd like to thank you for your support. I'd like to thank you for your support. Chin of attention to us. I'd be used with butterflies, but one in our life for different lovers. I'd be used with all the happiness you showed. You picked up and play with when nobody's there. If I had a penis at climb every mountain I'd force myself. I keep like a fountain. If I had a penis I'd do be a girl. But I'd make much my money and conquer the world. Okay, well, all the office ladies are I'm sure just extend it to you. I'm not talking about hearing that necessarily all over that possibility, but all over this time. Some reason, whether something going on or something very Freudian about why those young ladies in particular just to go nuts when they hear that Uncle Bonzai 1131 a W.I.O.D. The New Roger show Steve with open phones is afternoon. But there's a topic. I don't understand, we should have asked him that. He'll be back later. The topic on open phones. The deathout toward trash and TV and radio. And I thought I would match this to be an appropriate time to mention that. Okay, we got boomer and camera. Can you do it boomer? Hey Neil, I'm hanging big G. Okay, pal. Hey, remember me this is Stan favorite caller. Yeah, I don't, didn't it irritate your throat when you do that? No. Okay. I'm positive. I've been my almost my life on it. Okay, just short of it. Hey, Stan, if you're out there, I like to say I miss you a lot of ass. Oh great, I'm sure that'll make his day. Okay, thanks a lot, Chubby. Okay, pal. I must have been DJ Junior Junior. Do you think so? This is the guy I know you're. Okay, hello. Yeah, I'm curious to know your feelings about how to be on a station where the guy who used to be there, like the board off, who took over the ten to two slots for one period of time. Oh, everybody, get you off the air. Now you're in his spot. Wait a minute, now which one of you talking about trying to get me off the air? That was Paul Lyle. Don't you remember he said he was going to get me off the air? Well, Paul Lyle did who but also did McCoy. Oh, he was going to get me off the air? Oh, yeah, don't say that. I'm not. I'm unbelievable. I didn't know about that. Well, see, I mean, there were so few people listening when he was on a show that the news didn't get around too well. He's still there. He was still here when I say that to you. I would make up some BS and I'd say, well, he's a pretty good guy, but he's not here. So I'll tell you the truth. I don't, I never met the guy. Okay, but I mean, on the air, he was like he just wanted in from Texas with a band Joann as a guy. Hey, how'd you like to do a talk show? He said show, showed up, buddy. Hey, pal. And what can I tell you? But this is going to be a little bit more permanent. Okay, I think. Why, I certainly also. I have a strange feeling in the pit of my stomach. Oh, or somewhere. You got it. Well, good luck to you. Thanks a lot, pal. He was good, wasn't he? He was a really right on target. Okay, it's 1134. April, we're the most standing by with another Wild news update. And we're going to come back. And when we come back, man, it should be so close to lunchtime. Yeah. One drum, one drum, they don't show the rest of me. I am very happy. It is a shame. And it will be close of the year of just hope. It's the new largest hope. Oh, the new largest hope. Okay, it's 1106 at Wild and we're back for our second hour. Most of the eating is out of the way. And the rich is just nibbling a little bit on some leftovers. Try to control yourself. Are you pleased? Disgusting. And we'll go right back to your calls. 30 or under only today. Anybody over 30 give it a rest. Just sit back and get out your polident and relax. And the last day of the day of the day, we're going to have a wonderful lunch. I forgot about that. Come on, Sam. Let's go over and steal the sweet and low. Okay, let's start in Miami this hour. Hello. Hi, Alia. Good morning. Good morning, Grant. All right. Listen, I'm glad you got so glad you guys are back. On at this time. Listen, you know that I was listening to Henry to say the news. And you know, the buddy McCay or any of the other news. The worst thing to Henry save the news. You know, yeah, well, giving the news. Reading the news. Making up the news. Now, did it, it's gone and any of those people that maybe the people in Hillsboro have the right idea. Maybe they did turn the page on purpose. They didn't want to go free. They wanted them. I don't know if you guys heard that. Though I did hear. I heard that. What are a lot of morons out there. Don't understand. They didn't have a good point. You know, have an excellent point. It might not have one of them. It's showing. There's been creek. who ran through this никаких mission. Those Willing Pin. The old man was founded with it. Holding地. He isn't very sunny. He was with him. He is really good at the work. He's working now. It is a real job. The last night he came in. Looking for food. He couldn't find anything. He said, now he's shopping. The sleeper has to take care. building and the thing of it is today and again I want to thank our friends at wherever this came from Captain Jimenez for the subs and the best part of it, at least the one that I like the best is the Italian sub, you know, these are sliced up into little slices of subs and which is okay. All the Italian sub was gone. So they left us the roast beef and a turkey and the tuna, which is fine. I mean there's nothing wrong with it, but our favorite happens to be the Italian sub because it's got all the Italian cold cuts and the cheese and it's incredible and they sucked up every ounce of it, okay? Well you said you said I, you know, a while back before that, that the people at work in radio station are animals, so you know, you could have expected it. Listen, can I play a little bit for you guys for about 45 seconds long and I think what is it, what is it from? It's a red fox. Oh no, no, not trust me. No, trust me. Why? Well, what mean it's not racing or squid fox? It's right, no, but it's something I think you would enjoy and the worst word has is asking it, but it's okay. Okay, you can say yes. Okay, that's why I figured you know, it's not nothing real bad. Okay, here it goes. You love someone to watch your A. Okay, listen, have a nice day. Yeah, it's, uh, pre- it was short, but I liked it. Now I think there was more to come. Anyway, the best of came this Sunday. Look at this segment one, Scientology. Yes. And segment two, Neil comes to W. I. O. D. Not in clock this Sunday morning exclusively on W. I. O. D. Because nobody else would dare put that. Okay. All right, we have an open line in Brown where we just hung up if you move like crazy. No, two late, two late, five, two, four, W. I. O. D. And we'll take a call from B. B. Chillot. Hello, Neil. Yes. This morning, birds. Hi. Yeah, yeah, I was hanging on the line here and and I started standing up and then I sat down and I'm laying on the floor. Oh, good. But, uh, you know, I was kind of off the old for 28, not really. I'm really 28. In point in the age, very rapidly. Well, that's, that's what worried me because I, you know, I got up this morning and I looked outside. I think I'm the only person left up here. I'm ready. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm very terrified. That's why I'm on the line. But, uh, I really didn't have anything to say. So, well, you want to be the first one. I'll take that. And, and say congratulations and I'm glad you're on the only station that I need to listen to. The only station you'll ever need is somebody once said. That's correct. That's it. So, gentlemen, have a fine day. Okay, ZQ2. Okay, cop, uh, keep me informed up here because I'm really, really, I'm aging back. Okay. Bye bye. Bye bye. Okay, he's 28 going on 97 now because he's in Bointen Beach. Good. With all those prunes up there, man. I don't know if I've ever been in Bointen. Oh, yeah, you've been through there on a way to century. Really. On a way to century, really. Very fast, though. And they have a little shuttle bus. And first it takes you to the supermarket with the ankle paramedics. I don't want to get started. Okay, let's say that for let's say that for when all of us know birds are back. Okay, like after Thanksgiving, just before Shavuice, which is like two weeks from today, is Thanksgiving is by the way, I should have mentioned this on Monday, but I didn't want to be, I didn't want to take too much for granted and, uh, come on here like the very first day and start pushing people around. But as we left the other joint, we were in the middle of raising money for the Camilla sounds. Right. And I know that the people here would have absolutely no objection because it's such a worthwhile cause and it's tax exempt and it's all of that. And if you'd like to help the homeless and the needy at this time of the year with Thanksgiving just a couple of weeks away and then the major holidays coming up right on the heels of that, uh, we would like to be able to help the Camilla sounds to the two and several thousand dollars more before that all comes about. So if you'd like to send a donation, please write out a check today and drop it in the mail and by Monday, we should see if the IOD audiences are carrying giving group. Okay. And whether it's a buck or five or a hundred or fifty, twenty, whatever you can afford, make the checks out to Camilla sounds and send it to Neil Rogers, Wiod, DMIME, 33141. Okay, that's Camilla sounds, Carveneer Rogers. Wiod, DMIME, 33141, all the checks will be turned over to Brother Paul in the Camilla House House and they'll put that money to very important work at this time of the year. Twelve minutes passed 11 on Wiod. Steve Kane is south Florida's highest rated afternoon talk show. Find out why we have to know it's from two to six right here. Now more Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610, Wiod. It's 1116 in Wiod and we have a mobile on four. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Buenos dias, amigo. When I'll see you, how are you doing, Bert? Just fine. What's going on over there? Well, we're just cleaning up now. Fabri is cleaning up his mess and everything is great. Let me tell you something, if anyone gets on your case about the Schmutz who's going to make you know, you just let him have it as part of the show. Yeah, it is an important part of the show. They understand it, but they don't understand it fully and we don't want to make a big deal about it, but if they do, they're going to have a problem. Yeah, I can't imagine not listening to you in the bird's show and now that the bird can't show being that I'm dating, he really couldn't show that I he always used to sell that at a hand that you know, Glenn used to take all his food away from. This sounds like very familiar voice to me doesn't it? I call it you a few times I call it. And you sure don't sound like you're on a mobile phone to me, sir. I swear God, it's a panasonic mobile cordless. One of those portable ones. And where are you? Like any range you don't want to? A range for this. I'm a hundred on a hundred and thirty nine street in Miami. I'm trying to find this house. Let me tell you something. There is nobody on a hundred thirty nine street in Miami, okay? I don't try to put another Metro police routine and start busting the wrong house in Cape Town. I'll try not to listen. I got a taste. I don't know, you know, I heard one of the calls the other they asked you and you've been listening on in Dave's show and if you heard them before and him and John board together and I keep their part over one of the sports guys over from the AM nine. But I'll tell you something. Yeah, I always run Harrison doing there. It was so he named. He was like hanging out there this morning. Oh, he only they had a mic open for him and it was embarrassing. I don't know a lot. I mean he's like on all of them. He's hanging out really. Yeah, you know what can you do? And you know, let alone Dave starving himself. He as a man, back today was listening this morning and he's uh he's damaging through the garbage cans there. They found an old bag of microwave popcorn from yesterday. He whiffed down started showing on today. And then he put it on. Well, I got news for you, pal. If there's any place where you'll find plenty of garbage, that's the place. Yeah, that's pretty good. Well, I'll stay after 8 30 in the morning. I enjoying it over there. Over here. Yeah. It's great. Wonderful. It's a great night. I'm just everybody is friendly and they're cooperative and happy and they're sucking up our food like it's going out of style. It's great. You made it on. They don't know from food on the air. You got it. Well, we're re-training him. All right. All right. Glad to hear. Neil. I'm sure you drive it around and you're here. And I live right on to you. I live in the country club community. Well, good luck to you. Yeah. Put away your binoculars. What do you think? I will. I'll try not to. Okay. I know. Bye bye. Okay. Boy, chronic. He's a good guy. But 11 18 and Wild. And well, go to Fort Laterdale. Hello. Yeah. This is Spike. What's happening? Hey, Spike. I thought you were over in your office. No. No. I must be a different spike. I'm out. I'm out of office. Oh. Well, but you know what you need to take. What? What are you screaming about? Oh, my screaming? Just calm down. Oh, calm down. Listen, you need to blow away a few of these people. You know, get it. Maybe me. You know, just throw me away. Well, he said to do it, didn't he? Well, what I've seen in Wild, let's give those numbers out because we had a couple of people drop off really one there and date where we just among up. And, uh, but I should give these numbers all up because there are so many numbers, man. But the time he gets through with these numbers, you're going to pass out in date County 751 Wild. Well, brought, brought five two four Wild and Boken Del Rey two seven eight Wild and Palm Beach Jupiter and Uranus 655 Wild and Jacksonville. It's, uh, call collect. Yeah. Call collect. If you're out of those area, that's what always used to get me when Sandy would say. How did the area call collect? I mean, what other possible areas could be listening? He's up to few of those Schmendrix down in Monroe County, okay, which is another story. Does this station get into Monroe County? Sure. Of course. How the hell do you know? It has to, it's a, um, goes everywhere. It does. How much you heard it on your pop-up toaster? That's your house. So anyway. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning. Yes. I need a. How you doing? All right. Thank you. Hi Glenn. Hi. What's up? Well. Well nothing. I hope any. On the first time caller. Wow. And for 10 a.m. with her. All right. This is number 13 14 15 which is kind of the main thing. I had to call because at the end of the month, I turned 31. I guess that fits for me. It's over. Yeah. You're finished at the end of this month. I don't know what I'm going to do. I mean, I wasn't depressed until like listening to the show. Then you'll fit right in with this town. Okay. You'll fit right into the, uh, what would I do? I don't know. I'm, I moved to like my any beach or something. Uh huh. Okay. I went to break out of the lounge. We too was great. Great. It was excellent. Saw your picture. You guys are off the handsome. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Well you sure were looking at the right picture. That's it. Oh. Well we weren't expecting anything sensational. Have a wonderful day. You've heard these calls. Okay. You too. Bye. Okay. So like I said, if you're 70 or under. Oh no. We do have a couple of open lines. No. And I have a feeling we're exhausting our under 30 audience over here. We don't, you know, Rome wasn't building a day. True. That's true. I remember all those teenagers who were skipping a school that we used to hear from. Well hopefully they're in school today. I hope not a moral is veterans day, right? But they don't get off from a school. Do they? They do? Two. And so we can have all those school kids calling them all those days. You have absolutely nothing to say. You should have done this tomorrow. That would be the day to do under 30. And there's those. Well how about if we do under 20 tomorrow? Wow. You're radical, aren't you? Yeah. That's what John Mitchell said. But what it did for him. We're going to miss big John, aren't we? You bet. And at big pipe. And Martha. Well I guess those Mitchell's are doing it up in the sky and aren't they? They're back together again. Yeah. John Mitchell bit the dust yesterday and we certainly wish him all the best. 21 past 11 at Wiod and we have a call from Bay Harbor. Hello. Hi, Neo. Not every day we get calls from Bay Harbor on issue. I know. Well I tell you, you're most lost this one. I was got hit run over by one of those vans kind of ladies to the bank. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was really scary. What is the CD right today, by the way? I'm not sure. I get CD stock when I look. I'm so glad you back on A. I used to listen to you before you went over to F. And then you know, when you used to rent and raise for like 15 minutes and then throw up in the phone. Yeah. There's a sign. There's a sign. But now you have all these young people calling. They don't seem to have much to say. That is correct. And you know something when the older people call in, they have nothing to say. So it all kind of balances out. They've got to be something in the middle. I mean like you. No, I don't want to say that. I don't want to say that. My husband is worth sitting. So I got to make it good. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. What is the thing with this thing with you? I don't understand why people are getting so upset about it. They've got one. The English only and then about it and understand why people are... Oh, no, don't start. We're not upset about it. We couldn't give it down. Well, it's okay. It's all just a bunch of BS and a people in this town. If they don't have something to scream at each other about, they're not happy, okay? Well, I actually, you know, it seems to me that it was all right. It also just match and becaping it. I can't believe they haven't skipped the winners. Matt Williams, I'll just have a Matt attack. I'll go to stand it. Now see where you were putting yourself down. You said you had nothing to say. And you were close. I was close. But uh, now you're working out and you're getting there. In fact, when you say you probably have your own show on W. Snoos. No. I'm terminally on it. Steve was telling me all these rumors about W. Snoos. I can't repeat them on a year, but it was incredible. Anyway, go ahead. Um, one other thing, um, the asshole song. I kind of humming it yesterday. Yeah, I'm going to play that. I just put it in the machine. Can you believe that? And I wish we have a cassette deck in there. Oh, we do have a cassette deck in there. Could we play it off the cassette that you brought in yesterday? We'll sell it. Because I can't get any bite of dub anything anymore, which is unfortunate. I guess I'm going to have to come in every Sunday. Like I did last week. They're just relax, which Nick can actually get up and move from one door to when I know it's amazing. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, well, here. I'll give you the whole thing back. Thank you. What's that? There's Emily LaHani Moons, Rosa? No, the Hani Moons, you know, where everything's great, but it just that they've only got one production studio working and they're finishing building the other two. Everything here is brand new. Well, my husband dropped off some time after stuff yesterday to keep you always. Some tile acts. Hi, rap. Doco Lacks. Some what? Your tile acts. You know the electrical stuff to keep you radio station going. You didn't see it. I guess I didn't give it to you. Oh, yeah. You're talking about those little cords or whatever they were. Yeah. I couldn't figure out what that was. That was one of the dumbest things I've ever seen. Oh, yeah. But tell them we appreciate it every more. He's very pleased together. No, I'm with that. I'm with appreciate it. He's a great guy. Okay. Have a good day now. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. It's 1124 at WIOD. If you're missing WIOD sports doc, you're missing the sports scene in South Florida. Sports doc every night at six right here. Now, more with Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610. WIOD. It's 1127 at WIOD. New Rogers on a Thursday and we understand through the grapevine that only people released most of the people at the WIODs Zeta building over there in Carroll City may be monitoring the show as we speak. So Nick, I think we got that cut up. Should we dedicate it to all of absolutely? No, there are a lot of nice people over there and I do want to say this. I should have said this yesterday. But Nancy, who is the receptionist in a good friend of ours, has not been avoiding telling people where we are that was a ugly rumor. Really. Okay. Or maybe it was one of the nerds. It was on a switchboard. Oh, yeah, Nancy doesn't have to take her party call it. But Nancy's a great, great person and she knows her motorcycles like nobody else. But anyway, there are a few people over there in the building and we'll just send it out for them. Okay. Okay. Kill it. It's a little money. You know, and I'm a little sad. It's a little muffled Nick. I got the record, but the record is scratchy. No what? You know, a play the record. You don't want to play this? Oh, we got a turn table and maybe we don't have a 45 adapters. Oh, do you have a 45 adapters? Oh, I know it's still going to skip or what we got like an old turn table near from Edison. I don't think so. No, it should be okay. But that's muddy. I mean, I don't want to, you know, tinkle on your efforts here, anything. But, you know, it's a little muffled. Keep trying all this record. I want to those that you want to hear muffled or muddy or slower off speed like the cart that we got. Yeah. Man, this is a, this is a, getting ponders and it's getting pretty stink and ponders trying to get a good clear copy of this. Now, anybody out there, Mitch insists that he's got our chief engineer that he's got to copy this somewhere, but he has got too many projects going on. I'll never remember to bring it in. And we'll give it a try and record. Now, skewed, it's got some gauges and, oh, you don't have a spindle. You don't have an adapter? Bendole. Well, maybe we can call Mike spindle and see if you'll come in. Yeah. Hold his thumb on it or something. Okay. He's going to go get it. We'll take a couple of calls while a Nick is going to get a spindle. Okay. Let's, uh, this is incredible. I'm beginning to feel at home. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Here's a leaf-allery spy report on the Palm Beach line. Hello. You got it, Neil. Bird. How you doing? Good. It's called sounds really clear and loud and crisp. You're not muffled at all. Wow. Thank you very much. Appreciate that. First of all, I want to tell you, I'm an M. Comberd also. Okay. That's number 16, man. We're, we're climbing rapidly. We're getting almost as many votes as Duke Caucus. Oh, that's pretty sad. Yeah. You can say that again. Secondly, did I hear right there's the best of keen on Sunday? What is that dead air? Uh, uh, the 45 seconds. Yeah. No, I must be a lot more than just that. Unbelievable. The short show, sir. You know, secondly, I thought A.M. was on the way back, so decided to listen to Lee Fowler yesterday. Yeah. Mistake. And what happened, sir? Oh, Tanya. This is I turned it on. The first thing I heard was, man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man. Just like that. Wow. That's the next thing I heard. I'm a feeling he's not joking. You know, I said, part now. The next thing I heard was him criticizing Sally. He gives me fits. Oh, it worked. No. And then he was talking about ambition. Wait. See, that's why he didn't call in until the show was almost over yesterday because he was too busy writing down material. Well, now this guy's such a jerky talking about these, uh, channel 10, channel 7 people up here in West Palm. They know who the hell he's talking about. That is correct. Nobody up there watches those stations. They watch seven and 12. I mean, five and 12. He is completely ironed with mine. I'll tell you. And secondly, did you say that the people at INZ might be listening? They are listening, yeah. Excellent. There's a newscaster across Sharon, Ray, what a douchebag. Anyone that pronounces Jose Consegalas, Hozy, Knessda. Ah, huh. Karen, Ray, who is that? Well, she's someone that will make the birds reading of the news sound like a Shakespeare play. I think she came in from Atlanta. I think she's new. And she must have come in on a bus. Boom, doctor, something. Wow. How did she say it again? Say it one more time? Mozy, Knessda. Yeah. As opposed to Jose Canesuko. Yeah. That even the bird could master current that bad. If that's possible. Well, nice work, Sharon, or whatever. How do you name it? Well, I'll call back another month. Okay. Take care. Goodbye. I'll see you later. Okay. We got it. We got our little spindle now. And if you don't have a little spindle, man, you're in serious trouble. Okay. And we're going to give it a try. Now they're going to be scratches. Don't panic. I know what you can all been out of shape, but we're doing the best we can. Well, I was driving down I-95 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided it wasn't going to do any good to get mad. So I wrote a song about them instead. It goes like this. Or you more than asshole. Or did you work it your whole life? Either way, work that fight. Because you're an asshole tonight. Yes, you're an A. S S A. So Ellie. And don't you try to blame it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole yesterday. You're an asshole tonight. I've got a feeling. You're being asshole the rest of your life. I was talking to your mother just the other night. I told her I thought you were an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Because you know that you're whole life. Somebody told me you've got an asshole for life. Or you more than asshole. Or did you work it your whole life? Either way, work that fight. Because you're an asshole. Hold it now. Okay, we're going to take that personally. We are going to put it over. But April, we're going to stay any by with the WWE. Who's up to it? With a WIOD news update, check it. Tung-Tung because it was so clear, even with the scrunch. Well, it's great. And we'll come back. It's 1135 at WIOD.