problematic experience this yesterday was like two hours today. I feel like it should be ten o'clock already really well on that Okay, well, let's just pretend it is you move that clock ahead and I'm with this one ahead I'll move my watch ahead, which is no big deal That our lean man. I'm telling you know what do they got a big number on an AM and she just a cackling up the storm I wonder who she stole that from What is this one always new Arlene could lay a gigantic egg on an AM and wait till the next book comes out Oh, that's young Neil. That's that's Neil Jr. I recognize that anywhere Oh, that's the egg Jr Are we gonna do the ID are you just gonna screw around in there? I'll tell you what if you don't play the idea I'm gonna play a record. No, what the hell are you gonna do? This is WZTA Miami Beach Ford Loddardale and the Palm beaches the Neil Rogers show it's eight o'clock Now that is the egg Jr. Isn't it? Yeah, it is oh I have a story. I didn't A story I didn't get to we were so busy. I wonder if I could mention it to you go right ahead I see we're really moved by that We've got into that in a big way by the way just before you knew that I'm supposed to mention that I've gotten just grilled day There's gonna be a thrill on the grill That's because Jeff Jeff or whatever in the hell is named is gonna sit on the grill But anyway, he's got what a trifecta man George there were good. That's right today's the day health Elvis Presley and Rod Stewart That's not Elvis Jr. That this is Elvis scene. It was Susan dead. Yeah Isn't very dead as in fat Drugged out dead, but he's the king, but he's still a king. Yeah. Well, look at me. Okay, go ahead Now what was the story we're gonna do well? They did a 25 state study that showed the proportion of overweight residents in each state and the lowest Into the state where the the skiniest is Utah I wonder what 14% are overweight, but that's because they counted all the osman brothers Oh yeah, and the state where there's don't they look anorexic yeah Donnie looks a little anorexic too. Mm-hmm. He always hands Utah and the state and Hawaii also came out 14% by the way There's no fat osmons. Oh, there is one fat osmons brother isn't it Jimmy? Jimmy Osman. He's a little fat. Hey. Oh, yeah, looks like Tom like us. He looks like a little Tom like us The state with the most overweight. I think it looks like a little house. Tom looks like a duplai right was West West Virginia had the most fat people 24% And that's weird because they have the most unemployed. Where do they find food in a coal mine? A lot of poor people unless there must be a lot of calories in coal, huh? Well poor people They say tend to have more weight problems and that is a study from the Center for Disease Control. Mm-hmm I wonder if that's over a problem She'll show them a 27 million last year. She's been dropping the weight. She's been hanging around in Oprah Lockie It's a 803 on Zator for that was certainly just mind by we just mentioned ran out of time We couldn't do that on the squeeze it when to be sure to get that in Okay, you're a cute little cherry Valencia is listening whatever you do don't move the West Virginia Okay, she's like just chronic diner. She's just obsessed. She lost a lot of weight Yeah, she did lose a lot of weight, but she carries it to an extreme like last night She didn't even want to eat the after get what it was, but she didn't want to drink the water right thing. Yeah, I think it In calories, somebody carried out squeeze that lime in my water. There's calories in there. Don't you think she's lost enough weight? I think while she's she's on the caring carpenter routine now. Yeah, I think she can go on with her life I think she's lost the weight and It's fine to me. Yeah, Mom Maybe we should bring her boyfriend from her ex boyfriend from Gainesville down. She promised me some great things last night But then again, I've had a lot of promises in my life and very few of ever materialized. You know what I'm saying? Like in my house. Okay, where are we going right now? Let's go to date County. Hello Yeah, sir. Ryan Wilson Jr. Here. Hey Brian. How you doing baby? Pretty good. Got only knows I'll bet you did well. I didn't want to get boot off the stage. You know Crowd was a little surly Because they were as an as a black Norris draw. Yeah You didn't care for the cut between your school Did you know wait a minute you must understand that's one of my all-time favorite songs, but that particular I understand exactly which I think what happened was the bridge on to resemble the Reddition that the beach voice to add a concert normally they bring out cheerleaders and stuff and oh So they've kind of changed it around all right. What a good excuse that is you know What you remember one thing it has to be an old need to be a classic Not on Zeta it has to be obscure to be a classic on Zeta Thank you Brian Boy boy A purple junior the other room just leafing through that music list looking at over as you mean I'm scared what does he mean by that we play only the hits? Now you went over the music didn't you? That nobody even the artists never heard of you point to him the ones that artists have forgotten already Okay, I Mean if it's a classic Then it's immediately even a moron like me would recognize it immediately right even a jackass like me would recognize it if it was a true classic He won't look at you know he's well he's pretending that he's not listening Playing hard to get he's laughing his brains out but he's pretending that he's not listening and he just won't dignify us with the reason because he knows it's true He's looking at the list and he's saying boy he's right these are what a bunch of stuff records these were just You know let's let's start playing recognize I know it's a revolutionary idea But is there something wrong with that that we play songs that people are per before? I mean, it's not against the law even in Florida Are you kidding? Maybe maybe in Broward County The Farro doesn't like too much of that popular music what is that is the egg go loose again here? What's that the egg? What the hell are you doing? I just had something sitting here Yeah, it sounds like he's got a be in his bonnet or something doesn't yeah, can you tell what this is we knew you had a bug up your your You know, I don't think he has enough to do and I remember him I think he's probably got a lot of spirit time. That's why he disappears for long periods of time now would be perfect wouldn't it? That is the egg junior. Yeah, it is I like my right was at the egg junior. No, that's a human baby They're all that's Greg that was he showed the death of him That was he showed the day after the book came out. Yeah, come on Greg be a sport would you? We haven't talked to them in so long and I guess so we probably won't be talking to them again soon at it hurt Well, I have an idea, but I don't know if I should say it on the air because we don't want to tip her hat What's that? How we could talk to Agony really how could we do that? Well, if I tell it on the air it'll alert him and we won't be able to do what if I play a commercial and you guys can talk Oh, okay, can I take tell it to you first off the air you're playing a commercial? Yes That against a law here at Zeta and that's pretty revolutionary He's been wanting you to go into this cap. Yeah, I've got to you got to yeah, yeah, yeah When you got to you got to it's the Neil Roger show I'd say the four thank you Lee butcher up a little bit. It's eight o'clock Zeta four on a Friday morning and we've got a great letter here, dear Neil Glenn and Captain Dave Wow, are you ready for this? All right. It's a guest to all three of us. I'm sitting down I'm too old to be a fan, but I'm certainly an appreciator my compliments and thanks to all three of you You make mornings in the car tolerable no downright pleasant But However, but now a complaint Too many butts in this town Too many butts Making light of criticisms of the veal industry Geez they got us can you believe that I would do that? Oh, God, this is you guys Cause I'm not into locking up little baby cows either in the dark with just feeding them bread and water How about if we shine a flashlight in there? Yeah, that would be bad. Oh, yes, of course slaughter is Rarely fun and games for the creature being slaughtered Rarely Well, what's in the wild if they're into SNM But I think poking fun at people asking others not to support the horrors of the meat industry is unfortunate speaking about fortunate. There's Mark Q What does it say? I understand it might be just a joke What was so funny about that? Oh, sorry. I would use is this show disintegrating again right before my very ears What was that song by Chicago right before my very ears? What was it? Yeah, you know the one I'm talking about that And that's the name of it I understand it might be just a joke or just a radio station, but that doesn't mean it isn't effective to be sure some of the nonsensical slogans of the animal rights groups seem to invite sarcasm But there's that big butter game But the horrors behind their dribble is very veal real I've toured several stockyards in slaughterhouses. I left a different person. I've toured several stockyards in slaughterhouses That was nice Little bizarre. Yeah like when they go on vacation they tour like Omaha, Chicago this is the stockyard What a great day. What a hell of a way to spend vacations like being back at doctors hospital on sunrise Boulevard By the way plantation middle school I noticed the other day is right by that big stench really and I think the parents and the students there ought to be a class action suit against the city of plantation For that grow test stench. It's there like it never goes away, man Either that or maybe it's coming from the school As I said I think you show is the best thing to hit the air waves in years and it goes on and on and on but However, I do hope you'll take seriously my suggestion that this is not something to support with humor Would you put your dribble away please just relax Oh, that was the llama it did sound like that sounded like the dolly llama to me anyway You know this is this is so ridiculous in fact I'm gonna go out have some veal parmesan a Jamie and Marci's house this weekend Be honest on a spite Vio parmesan yeah, like the way somebody we know would say yeah, you know who that is who would that be? Well, maybe a good to play to veal Marciel. I would make me feel that way, you know or veal Piccada or Veal front chays. Oh, I love my veal boy. Don't take my veal I don't give it to them. They're baby cows or what they are you know you hypocrite out there like when you eat seafood Are you worried about like the stone crabs? I mean once upon a time they were alive. They were called they're still alive The stone crabs their claws are clipped off and they grow new ones. Oh, that's right. They only clipped one claw Oh, and I'm sure that the rest of them just do they just turn them loose right? They don't leave them in the dark and lock them up. No, they put them in boiling water Speaking of being left in the dark. They put them in boiling water. Yeah, he's Gary Lawrence speaking of in the dark Now he's not here yet don't write it down. If he wrote it down cross it out or erase it, okay? He's not here yet. He probably won't show today, you know, wouldn't it surprise me? Oh, yeah, you know him anyway No, it's just like all these other things that you eat that were once living like all you Sueds out there with your S car go Snails by the way. I was gonna buy one of those, but I wasn't sure how far in S car goes He likes snail. I asked the a dealer then how far does an S car go? That's a corny. He said it goes at a snail's pay Didn't have a laugh cute upside I'm glad you didn't because why should you be the only one? Okay, it's eight 13 on Z to four and those phones man have been just sizzling today. You know? Still Yeah, it looks like a Vial Parmesan platter. It's sizzling so hot. We need a little marinara sauce on air little Parmesan cheese Would you now this is not the Jeff Gonser show would you cut that out didn't you see what that stuff did for him or be that? Did you see the book? I've been great big a lot of stuff. I've been the faggin Gonser get rid of that corny crap Have an eye did I beg him? Yeah, I plead with him on the air. We're not listening to me the man will just not listen He hasn't learned I mean maybe that cornball crap makes it big in LA. Okay, like an anaheim perhaps Well, that's kind of a Mickey Mouse part of the city. You know, it's it's Friday We never you sound effects. Well, that's not starting now So when you found it okay In fact why not wander around the rest of the building and see where they can be put to the best use like on an AM Hey, there's an I'm making light like that absolutely go right up there on an AM and just dazzle them with BS It's well there a couple of people already doing that 814 on Zeta 4 let's single back to the call show We because we've been remiss again. Yeah, but over there in a while Broward County hello Good morning, alcohol. Yes, man This is the statue lady doing your oh I got your picture this morning. It was just Ravi yeah, yeah Look like Larry Kenton drag I would thanks. Oh, yeah, a little too many of those chocolates Listen, I'll just go on for breakfast Monday. Yeah, you're coming Monday. Yeah Didn't you get my note? No and my check for the Camilla house. Oh, is that from you? I haven't read it yet. I got the check. I pulled that check out of there so we could send it out Right, here's your note right here fall an angel Yeah, oh Oh, I see I almost said yeah, don't say that. Oh, I got you and they haven't closed you up yet, huh? They are not They closed everybody else up and Broward. I know that's because they want to steal all their material You know what I'm saying? I think like Nick DeVarro has got about 600 porno movies at his house You know what I'm saying? Yeah, he has a special there for you Some just like it. Oh, does he really? Okay, probably got Jeff striker locked up in his house Anyway, let's take congratulations hit him a hard for a raise you deserve it. Isn't it interesting that she wrote that in the first sentence Boy because if anybody needs it and deserves it You know like I said the other day even if you're an elephant you can only work for peanut so long It's a weird that letter I got today said the same thing. Yeah, it's overdue the audience is demanding and The audience is the man we're going to start to be demanding too. Okay enough of this little league BS You're gonna show up Listen, I want to I know you don't like fish. I think you don't I'm gonna make a salmon move which is well, that's good. I'm glad I'm salmon moves. Yeah, how about bowling cool moves? How about some chocolate moves? Yeah, I'll do a chocolate. Well, that's better than I will not eat the salmon. I'll just tell you that right up front That's what I thought especially if you can count that's fine That all right. Oh, yeah First roots and stuff for all I just don't do love our fresh fruits. Yeah. Yeah. I know and how it what is that go test drink you like to it Cherry seven up diet try it cherry Or can be diet anything. I'm offered that I haven't had any of that in a long time. Oh, all right any kind of diet Colour that's fine. Okay. I will be in there with my $700,000 portion 28 great 738 eight in the morning. We'll be looking for you. Yeah, boy boy. All right That's great and that nice to know that on Monday we're gonna get taken care of so to speak It's eight 16 on Zeta four and Captain David courses doing his usual tour of the building I've got a store you go. Okay. There we go. Oh, at least this time maybe it might have been worthwhile his trip down there Under the house. How is everything down there Captain David did you see I said good morning to mr Mark. Oh mr Mark mr Mark in the dark Sort of our nickname to Tom how much you liked his car oh This is great It has to do with legs and fruit no Wait till you hear this a committee. I thought there was a misprint but it turns out that this is right a committee of canker experts Can you imagine do you know any canker experts not not personally is is meeting it like Alfred today to consider whether The ban on importing Florida fruit to other citrus states Do you know I just got back from California Such shipments have been embargo to prevent the spread of what was to be taken what was taken to be a virulent strain of Azyatic citrus canker Millions that's with an M it says Millions of young trees were burned in an in-state eradication program Scientists now say the citrus may have had a milder form of canker which does no more than blemish the fruit So if you have a blemished fruit in your house Said into California Because it'll be welcome with open arms It's what the how did you give me that for what was that supposed to be? Would yeah Absolutely and of course if you've pushed in the lake and you have a canker there's probably a good reason for it It's 18 past eight on Zeta four we're gonna be doing a break right about now But Captain David courses in here playing with the news stuff again. You know he just gets so excited playing with that garbage I thought maybe this hour he gave a little bit of head of our cells now for the lady who've got all the guy Guess this is a guy who got all upset about the wheel and took it so seriously Oh, I'm Mr. and and if you got a bee with red meat Maybe you should drive the meat that's been around the track a few times right wheel bird That's right Ed real people like real food but beef can be real expensive So why not saddle up a steaming plate full of horse There's lots of ways to prepare your pony when I try stuff trigger Filly filet or sauteed high-o silver and what are you Will this why it's my lunch flipper and This three-ounce serving of stagian has only One 200 calories so Use your horse say Eat me This message brought you by the horse council new treasure's horse But meet you can bet on Don't forget post time on a clock at Gulfstream today The preceding message was brought to you by Henry's hamburgers of East Lansing, Michigan That's true. Is that a true story what about Henry's yet is true when I went to school They closed up the whole chain because they were sitting horse meat and it was delicious You know these these hypocrites like the other night worth the melting pot with that big rating celebration, you know Like the AM only went down a point and a half or whatever and Well, they're with a big party and there are always these certain people in there who will not eat meat Okay, and it's not bad enough that they won't do it, but they got to make a big announcement right a big timis out of it If you don't want to eat meat fine don't eat meat, but don't stand up and like make a big announcement and stand there like I'm like a lunatic I'm gonna be impressed like Gary Lawrence and Gonser and I think there were one or two others. Oh, we don't could eat the red beer Who'd take the red meat? You know that kind of stuff. Who the hell cares? It's like it's gonna impress us. Yeah, and you know I think when they leave they head out for the char-hut I'm sure I guarantee you those are the kind of people that sneak you know on a side They go through the drive-through and they get like 16 hamburgers to go. I saw Gary on his bicycle at Is a matter of fact just desperate for that big Mac 20 minutes after rate on say to four and let's see are we gonna do the break now or did we already do it man? A show is going so fast. I can't keep up with it Isn't that kind of amazing and I see that one sounds different because it is different that's original from good by elaborate road But you don't mind hearing that because it's different, but it is better is right. I think you're right. I like that a lot. It sounds great Yeah So what they did they captain Dave didn't get upset that we played that this one because it's astonishing I think it's a pretty song, but you know But that version it's at least a little variety okay, so I figured you wouldn't get upset because it's not it's different Just as the last song we have such a variety to choose from that I think using that all the time You know we we used it once okay at the end of the show once two times We're all adjusted at three times. Absolutely out of your cotton picking mind okay We never we played a couple of Elton John songs at the end, but not that one we did it once Okay, there he is suffering from that plantation mentality ladies and gentlemen that's captain Dave 28 minutes past date on say to four and I what we're gonna do before you did your a Ted Bundy thing I had something very important That I was gonna do and you've distracted me now. I don't know what I'm gonna. We're gonna talk about the Punch toast We had a whole thing we were discussing during that song and I think it bears no it does it bears bringing this out on Here because it's embarrassing and it goes to show you the lack of respect That we get in this building oh yeah, that's back in the summer okay when we spring rating book came out And somebody I know had a nine share and midday on w i and z Somebody we all know and The station had a six point eight share which is almost unheard of in the modern modern Anals of radio broadcast history and it's market for an AM talk exactly English language and There was no Punch toast there was no celebration no dinner in fact You and I had to go pick up pizzas we brought it back and sarcastically suggested that that was our celebration party Now that the AM has gone down from a five to a three nine which is a rather staggering drop They're celebrating they're having a celebration. They had a dinner Yeah, that a dinner and they're having a punch toast I'll tell you the kind of punch toast that they ought to have up at that in the building You know what I mean like a rocky Marciano punch, but you see the mistake we made and What is that we did to good we did too well and that we didn't want it and suck up to the PD is that what I Didn't want it we did not suck up to management and therefore if I would have had a 90 share they still would have said Right like they always do what would they have said? Nice reading like the president said at the White House together Okay, you know well the president's gonna put it out on a single so it'll probably wind up on compact disc It's a 30 yeah Ronald Reagan's greatest hits Oh boy I wonder if I wonder if he got that from Japanese Prime Minister Taki Like I see it what Taka Shita just spell the name. Taka no don't spell it That's one of those that you can say, but you can't spell Usually it's the other way around you might be able to spell it, but you don't get away with saying it It's sort of in the same genre as she I Take County hello I know yes sir. Hi, it's Jamie how are you? Jamie isn't this amazing boy I think I did do mention Vial Pramajang I thought out of it. I heard you were gonna come to dinner to kind of excited us Wow, don't don't get to you'll get your hopes up now. Yeah, it was just a joke is Jay would say I'll take it that way you heard we won the lottery right no Well, I'll tell you something it didn't come a minute too soon because I just got the durf you're goal change What what you mean? I heard you won the lottery. Where would I have heard that was it in the paper? No someone mentioned to me that you had discussed it. No. Are you out of your mind? How would I know that? Am I psychic? I don't know I someone said they mentioned you mentioned it on your show. Oh, yeah, right sure, huh? Maybe I'm wrong but anyway, it was it was real lucky because like again I got the durf you're goal chain and I have to pay for it. Excellent. Well, I'm glad to keep your a bills paid man It's good to have good credit Jamie. Yeah, I guess anyway that Vial is getting expensive Just wanted to check in and Hey, you know great have a good time. Okay, say hi to Marcy for us now Okay, and if she gets a little more indigestion don't tell Stan about it because you know he starts he's ugly rumors Okay, okay, I'll read the search boy. He's not a little subdued today, didn't he? Yeah, but if you know to stay plethora Of comments about things that we allegedly said on this show. Yeah, like about Wilmetko Now we did take a few shots in fun at the yesterday because we don't want to disappoint them We don't want to let them down and that part is fascinating because the day on which we allegedly Make took the shot we never even mentioned Wilmetko. I mean what what in God's name Would we be talking about Wilmetko? What is there to say what is there to say? I mean they used to own channel for They run a bunch of movie theaters. They own a secwarium What else what else is there to say? I must think got some people there who are thin skin and paranoid I have no feelings one way or the other no, I don't in other words when I go home And I put my head down in the pillow. I don't think that was bastard I like to get a terrible move. Oh, you know, not that I think about it Yeah, they do show those Crows before the movie you know the crows at the yeah, yeah the snack bar you know Know that short. Yeah, they show even to you know about the They show it before every damn movie. I am so sick of the crow Yeah, to a movie and ages So matter of fact when it comes to Wilmetko there's only one sound I think of Yeah The Santa Cruz and crows by the way somebody said that there were chicken hawks flying over yesterday over the Surrey house vulture not vultures chicken hawk chicken hawk and of course Like Tomson's listening. He's probably got an idea about those chicken hawks But that's that man. I'm telling you so obsessed he is so obsessed. Yeah, we got some dogs here. Yeah, listen Now I'm talking to the little dog where he got the little black one don't be let down the garden path by the big one because he's a He's a chill for the Santa Maria people. Oh seriously. He goes out and he gets other dogs in the neighborhood and he you know Be friends them and they get them to follow him up to the Santa Maria house and they never seen again Exactly Okay, okay, leave a Vio Rogers alone when to play it's 27 till nine on Zeta 4 this morning is moving along the sunny shrine It's a rich Friday, which is boy. This is great and I'm over my illness finally finally that's great I like chronic my five days this week. Yeah, you are you aware of this and that's something Let's have a hand for Vio Rogers you were here five days out of five you know just out of spite for these militant Animal fanatic people. I think I'm gonna change it to the Vio Rogers show A facial hell of an idea. Yeah, I think I'm gonna make it official I might even change my name to Vio Rogers I think that's kind of the pirates used to have a picture Bob Vio Remember him captain Dave Bob Vio big black pitcher No, what I was he mystery sports you they clean you two all he knows is hurricane sports I'm the only dance damn thing. You know I'm all excited you don't know a damn thing about sports I know the baseball game together and to march We go into the game together sort of like a Sun and father type Like a son and daughter What baseball game is he talking the hurricanes are gonna snow then just a few weeks they're gonna start playing Have they invited you to announce a level Now that I'm not doing it this year. I did it last year on a channel whatever that was 33 But they don't have the game this year they gonna be a 10 they wanted to use some yeah 10 has got it So they wanted to use another real expert people like Cambrille Marshall right Martian Spaceman I think Walter Cronis is gonna do a couple And he shall yeah, Walter's gonna give the thumbs up or thumbs down I didn't Brian Norcom Who's that who was that that just your minute it looked like Bob last at her for just a fleeting moment don't even joke It is it is oh My depressed and there goes a dog Look at these dogs even the dogs are depressed now look at that the dogs are trying to commit suicide ladies and gentlemen Last that are just drove into parking lot and they're they're banging themselves against trees Look at that. It's the man flasher. Who was that? I know we just got flat. Who was it? I don't know oh It was um it's Don Johnson It's not Don Jr. Is it Don Jr? Say it isn't so please say it isn't Don Jr Did you see I didn't I didn't see it wasn't in front of my window thing. I didn't see anything when I was at they just drove away He came up he flashed at the window. They just drove away. Oh, we liked that people that and he was looking at Captain Dave You notice when he was flashing he can't see through those windows from the outside. Thank God But you were looking in the right window pal because if there's anybody in this building who's into that stuff That was in front of your window. Yeah, but he was looking at you But I couldn't see I've got a I'm like 100 feet away from you guys How many yeah like about six feet away did you hear fruitcakes call yesterday afternoon? On a stand major show and there goes the dog's door the Santa Maria Don't do it, Pat Don't do it right to any let him write down a garden pan they must have a dog whistle in that I've got a great line for that. I just I'm not gonna do it. Okay. I'm not gonna do it today is not the day Test my luck. Why did not they so damn scared in this place? I'm so sick of it already Another scared of their own shadow In fact, it's a good thing Lamont crants didn't not alive anymore. They'd be scared of him too I'm serious they're scared of every shadow It's a eight 30 says well I had to say that because there are a lot of young people who have no idea who Lamont crants They used to play okay all you young idiots Lamont crants didn't used to play the shadow On radio many years ago and radio you stay all these now look at that they turned around and they came back in again Now they're driving now the other end of the building who are those guys Don't you find that little bit Did you see what he did or anything? I just saw him pull up and it looked like a drill vow Now they turned around they drove back in did he really so no don't tell me that was dawn June your please I beg of you Did he really flash? Well, that wasn't him that was somebody else but he came and money flash, but there was close on thank God Thank God I mean I'll let you know when I see I'll let you know if I want you to flash you're not okay and believe me in your case pal I get it no chances It's matter facts kind of like the Rick weaver school of underwear no changes 87 That was good. I was clever. Wasn't like why have a facile mind don't know what you get out of here already? Who is this guy? Keeps he's got a All right, I'll go trench coat on he keeps running up here and opening it up and make you do this It's not done junior and the good news is he's got clothes on underneath and thank God We're not we're not interested pal get a go away Go find Johnny Depp then we'll and now look at that they got back into car and are taking off again Good I'm not making this up folks. This is really going on here the sanaria people are waving too. Yeah, in fact if they the sanaria people are listening grab him on away out Okay, I think they make for a tasty lunch today Not too much fat. Yeah, kind of lean like veal. Yeah, like veal. Well in fat in fact We ought to start encouraging people need lots of veal that doesn't have all of fat and cholesterol of regular red beef Right now come on. No, that's serious. It's very lean and low and fat It's much a better tasty and they you know great dishes like veal Marcella I mean if it's good enough for all those European kind of swears it's certainly good enough for us isn't it Kind of swears And there's the little Zeta minivan putting up and who might be driving it is that Scott was your did I see in there Scott? Scott is at you oh no it was Dean Kaspen and drag. I'm sorry 21 till nine and Zeta four let's go back to the calls. Okay. I guess they got right here. Oh boy What excuse me? Okay, let's not go back to the calls and say we did I just lost somebody there in date and it was my fault If you got hung up on in date, it's I'm sorry, okay? Wait and if you believe that you'll believe any okay By the way, we're going to do a story about Ted Bundy it's 20 till nine today is a very important day. That's right. We have a story to history So you know put that stop with a lottery tickets for just a little while to look back and reflect okay There are going nuts with those damn lottery tickets and I even everywhere by the way What a Sunday special tribute for consistency to Jack Eckard, okay? Mr. Anti gambling remember he was one of the big Hotries because he was a lot the evils of gambling. Oh Jack Mr. Religion Mr. Piety doesn't want you to gamble because it's Immoral it's sinful while I crap and who is the first one of the first people just chopping at the bit to get their nickel on every dollar for every lottery Ticket they sell Eckard ladies and gentlemen, what a hypocritical ass, okay? You're right. Yeah, absolutely everybody likes a little ass, but nobody nobody likes a hypocritical ass. Let me You know what Jack let me do the traffic quickly for four car accident northbound 95 just north of Griffin and southbound 95 we have a tanker truck North of the Golden Glades in a car in an accident and Captain A1 me to mention again the turnpike is closed in Martin County between Stewart and Port St. Louis with a spectacular crash this morning and 18 Wheeler in that car in the canal. Okay, we should mention again classic album replacement weekend starts at noon today On Zeta 4 and you ask what the hell is this pretty shape and a thing all about well if you're albums I mean records you remember phonograph records. I know that's a little anti but if they're getting scratched you and worn out All the other Zeta personality say the other because we don't get involved in that kind of stuff on the morning We're not gonna demean ourselves to give stuff away, but the rest of the day they're gonna be giving away Compact discs to replace your worn out scratchy albums So how how was it that they say listen to win? Something some corny thing like that yeah some cliche. Yeah Okay, no Ted Bundy well this is a this is January 15th and this is a a big day in history I was three major things that happened on this day one Martin Luther King was born on this day in Atlanta Okay in 1929 now 1967 was the first Super Bowl now do you have a clue who played in the first Super Bowl the Kansas City Chiefs Green Bay Patts absolutely right hackers destroyed him that's right 35 to 10 right it was the first Super Bowl However the Kansas City Chiefs did beat Minnesota Vikings either the next year or the year after that was it the next year Second year I think it was a second one I've impressed that you knew that oh yeah all the Vikings have always lost the Super Bowl. I can all all this year They got a chance. I will say that they're looking pretty good and also in the state of In 1978 10 years ago Like that chicken what is that chicken looking good looking good on this date also in 1978 Two Florida State University students were murdered in their sorority house and that was the famous Ted Bundy Did that he was convicted of that crime and I was how long ago 10 years ago And we're still feeding the yes, we are now what was that? Well, this time it seemed appropriate somehow But he's still alive was that was that was that the sound of the door opening in the death chamber at Rayford could have been? Could have been but I doubt it maybe maybe we ought to call up Larry Kent and see if he'll own us the big cheer 13 till nine on say to four where were we going you stepped all over that two by the way just yeah, but Everybody got it didn't matter if I stepped it. They was it all. Yeah, the level was high enough There's Richard Taylor just came in. I thought he was driving a candle like last time we saw is that roster? There's roster due just drove up. I'm serious didn't he was need driving a He'd be driving a potty actor something that's toppled. What do you mean? You're right, but it's changed again But he hasn't come in and talked to us anymore, so we don't know what's going on. It's okay Okay, that's okay because he's turned into a like a hasceded jewel Militant and the wild and he wears that crazy braided yarmica Those dreadlocks he's a crazy man. Okay 12 minutes before nine on say to four and let's go to date County again. Hello And more than the yes sir You don't knock the fillings okay just leave him alone. He nice. I mean, you know what the hell else? What do we have down Me that you have run around Sue but they don't have it in your library. I have it at home I think yeah, he asked for this bring it in one day and play the long side of the run around sugar My favorite yeah, okay, I might compare the two some time all right I appreciate okay Okay, sir what happened to Dion by the way that hasn't been in there. We couldn't find that What do you mean it hasn't been in there that he's been asking for this every day, but we don't have it We said that you had it at home. Oh, not run around Sue. What's the Dion record we have in here? I don't know oh the one that wasn't ahead the one that wasn't a hit the one that wasn't a hit You guys screw this whole I am we have not And throw anything out. It helps my Dion record. I don't know what that is That's remember that one he brought in and it's called it has this real terminal title and he was saying that it was a real big hit Where is it? We never saw that What this is the first talking about it's been a week and a half since we did this and this is the first time that you got really truly honestly Mift so that's pretty good Where is it? I don't know what you're talking about I'm looking over here Oral Roberts yeah oral robbers right by Dion It eats I don't know what you're talking about Gons are brought me the damn cassette tape and don't you remember? What what was the cut what record was that something about have a nice day sir, but I mean you got me all depressed now There was a girl's name Susan something oh get out of her Susan Let me look at her lips. I'm Susan you out of your mind You nuts Susan What the hell is he talking about I'm no idea more in the dark now than ever be forever Okay, that's the musical tribute to River Phoenix Oh, yeah, remember that I never saw it in here. I do now remember Donna