W-I-O-D. At this is the real bagus puppet menu. Okay, I wanted to give Barbara a chance to, you know, kind of clean, to get it in without any problem. Okay, 1038 at W-I-O-D. Our next caller is in Fort Latterdale, hello? Yeah, Neil. Yeah. It's about time your comrade is showing talk to about your ratings. For I know, a lot of them listen to you for years and you're never talk about your ratings. Well, I'm for everything, sir. I mean, it's about time Neil. You've got to get over that shine. I know. I know. I know. I'm alright. I've been listening 10 years Neil and I've just was the first time you ever played the bachelorette. That's right. But I've heard the favorites your more about a mother than what are you. You have produced her to that show I've got a secret. Yeah. I've got a secret. And the matter of fact, just to come you down, sir, we're going to do an entire four hours on it tomorrow. Okay? Boy, what a meany act. Yeah. I'll leave if you just talk a little more talk to me. I carry a big number. I'll say you don't need a problem. We never learned that lesson. Talk and speak softly and carry a big number. I see. All right. We do have an open line and Broward with that maniac just hung up. At least see my two four Wild. At least see your senior. Yeah. Well, it's nice getting those calls from Windmore once in a while. You know, sure. For a lot of Dale. Hello. Yeah. I'd like to know what rock in the hall on Dale. He called out for my under. Probably sunny Rosenberg's uncle. God. I can believe that guy was wild. Yeah. I believe. Oh, don't it, real? Don't you carry the way now, sir. Why don't you? I want to. This is my only day off. So it's like the only time to get to have her speak with you. I'm not going to get it called. Yeah. I'm not trying to be a chronic. That's okay. Don't want to be a chronic. Okay. But I want you to know. I'm the supporter. Great. And I am a converted man. Are you an athletic supporter also, sir? Yeah. That's good. Great. Because we've got all the dolphins we can get. We had like over 11,000 empty seats last night. And obviously with good cause. Yeah. I mean, one day I'm going to go down to Robby Stadium. But I don't know if it's going to be for a dolphin. Yeah. Well, yeah. Moving right along. Moving right along. Okay. One thing is the trends actually say anything about days or is it just that it goes fine? Yeah. It says like Monday between 10, 7 and 10 away. Of course it doesn't say by day. I don't know, sir. I'm sorry. Okay, sir. Because I'd like to know, you know, how a gonzer's crop pot does. Oh, I mean. No, they don't, they don't, they don't know that alone. Right. No. No. Nothing under a point one makes it in there. Ha ha ha. Our grand. Yeah. Yeah. If you can possibly persuade deal to play like Jeff Boy, Jack. I'd like you to do your job. I just got to play in part of it a minute, sir. I just got to play in about a minute of it. Little want to go. I mean, I, I, this is the only day I can tape it. Well, you want the whole thing? Yeah. And I'd like to go into a double you arm that's in trust. Ha ha ha. Because I love how he does that. I see that patient because they play it my work. I have to like listen to it. So, and he's so, and you guys are so right. Yeah. They step all over it. Yeah. But like to like, you know, so you fit and then take it to work. You want a lot, don't you? Why? Why are you like, I wouldn't take it to work. I would leave it home if I were you. You know what I mean? Well, my boss. You want to find a safe place? What? I bought this a douche bag. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's kind of funny. No, you're promising us this is your only day off of the week, right? So it's only a two day one. You're going to be for the last week. And one of the questions. Thank God. Yeah. Yeah. And then all we do are okay. Um, please. Uh, it's just, if, if, Butch beer was pulled from GPR, How can they're letting you play it? And you know, the same dough thing. Because I'm a hell of a lot more bush than those guys. Okay, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. Is that your question? Yes, sir. And we'll try a later for Jet Boy Jitter. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bye. Oh, God. Now we got another whole seven days before we have to hear from him again. I mean, as well. He's just, uh, he's just a bunch of little bit. 1042 at WIOD Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. How are you? Great. Um, you know, I just wanted to ask you questions about pay it, uh, about one. And if no one has any competition with that guy, get that down? Yeah. What are they doing in the morning? Well, in the morning. Kiss in the morning. Good morning. Sounds like something we couldn't say up till a short time ago. Sure. Let's see. WKIS, they went from a two eight down to a two six day time for 15. Wow. Which is, you know, not so great. Not so good. Not so great. All right. And then you add QAM, which they also, they own the same, uh, the same owners on both stations. Right. And QAM in the morning had a, um, had a, uh, something, but I don't see it anywhere. Uh, wow. Can you believe that? It's not even even making it in. Is that possible? That's, uh, incredible. I don't see it. I really don't. They didn't even make it. So in other words, they had less than a point seven. Don't even put it in? Now, good. Yeah. I always thought this, uh, you know, on the, uh, football games and then, and then, break them out. Yeah. So I'm like just to read my old ways. Radiance. Yeah. I drove all the way in. Oh, what a smart wolf. That was boy. It must have been a real fun trip back. They grind it out all the way over there too. Did they really? Yeah. Well, the wild. She's right to Orlando. Or, or, or, or peers. They've got a great bar up there and four peers. You could add a helicopter. The, uh, the, all, the all drive in. Boy, there's some big old mosquitoes up there too. Yeah. That's right next to the Rochmo tell by the way. Well, a night, you, yeah. You haven't, I mean, had a great night. I enjoyed that performance. And I ended up having a, well, you know, I'm going to listen to, I put the TV on the hood. And don't you know, you're supposed to stay here because it was blacked out and Rick and Hank had it here on Wild. I don't know that. We mentioned that at least a hundred times yesterday on this station. You're supposed to stay here and listen to it. Yeah. Well, I listened to him on the radio and put a play by the place in the radio for the TV. Because I couldn't hear the TV. Great. But then, you know, then they said that, we're going to be on. I know what. You said you put the TV on the hood of your car. Yeah. That inside the car. Yeah. What a night this guy and we're just and it's in a, and he got, he had a room. We run a different stroke. And we're at the top, on the side of the road. So what did you do while you were there just listening to it on the radio? I'm going to drive in harm listening to it. Excellent. But that was good. You know, I was in the midnight. Yeah, this could be probably the dumbest off-hand of all time. It's great. You realize that you're in a special classroom. Yeah, no. Well, that was good. I'm proud of you. I hope that you didn't take it personally, right? I mean, you know, I want to get me fed. You don't have to feel bad. I thought it was great. That's it. I have to wheelload that. Yeah. Okay. Well, this would have a great day. We'll tell Rick and Hank you said so. All right. Can you imagine we were today? I thought he must be foaming it. Oh, um. Must be apple plucked it. I mean, they just, they just, some of these games aren't even in them. You know what I'm saying? Like last night, we just, we're in a separate house. Oh, remember? There wasn't one of those that was like touching go and they made some stupid and mistaken blue. They just got blown out. Oh. But we don't want to dwell on that at all. You know what I'm saying? We don't even want to mention it. In date, Cathy, there's an open line. 75, one Wio, day. Anything you want. You don't have to be talking about the ratings. If you want to call in and bitch about Paul Harvey not be it on. Uh-huh. I mean, especially welcome. No, seriously, what I'd like to hear from. And I know this is asking a lot. Are the Wio dealers who didn't listen to our show before? Mm-hmm. Okay. And we had a few of those. Yeah. Oh, sure. In the first stage of the show. As the day is number seven. And we are counting. Yes. And it's incredible. We keep letting you the people that have never heard you. Ever. In their whole life. It's a spounding. And thank God for that. Well. Okay. 10. 45. I have a little indigestion because we're not having any lunch today. We want to be on our best behavior. I had breakfast at Burger King. Okay. Wow. I had two bacon and cheese croissants for you. Really know how to live. I'm going to be on my own. My iced tea, which I'm still sipping on the iced tea here. And I think the iced tea is what's given me this terminal heartburn. And so we have no food in here today. We want to pacify everybody because Mike Disney came back yesterday. And we want to at least one day give the appearance that we're trying desperately to keep the food out. We're not. But we want to make it happen. Because our lunch on this show is probably the most important part of the show. And if he doesn't know that yet, that's his problem. He'll be, he'll learn it. He'll learn it the tough way. And where he made the big mistake he said, well, let's keep that food out of there. All the one tell you what, I'll leave it up to Mitch. Hmm. Well, let Mitch we in have the final word. He's our chief engineer. And after all the nice things I've said about Mitch since we've been here. Yeah. He couldn't possibly come in here and say, keep the food out. Yeah. He just isn't that kind of guy. What's interesting to me is build and see the least bit concerned about it. Well, I still like came back yesterday. I'm just not. Now he's like jumping through. Why has he came a madman? He was in the red of pacifox. He lived there. He was able off. He went nuts yesterday. He did. Carl Gable. Yeah. Yes. You're a few years ago, you played a record called decapitating contest on another station. Oh, yes. You remember that? Well, as a matter of fact, this, I may be a psychic, uh, of some kind. Yeah. Because just yesterday a friend of mine who I gave a tape of that to a virgin clean cassette. It kidding. It mentioned to me that he still got it and he's going to give it to me. So what we're going to do is we're going to one at five Bill why. So to speak. Yeah. Let him listen to it. And if he says it's okay, we'll play it in a few days. I wonder where I could buy that record. Or not, you can buy it from Betty's rare records in Louisville, Kentucky. We don't have the number handyman here, but we can, well, what, when we play it, Yeah. We'll dig up the number for Betty or the address and we'll give it on here. Because what happened is when we played it before, we had a run on people. If again, you pardon the expression we had a run on people who wanted to talk to them. And so we got the address and she had tons of orders for it. Yeah, but I believe if you call Louisville information, Betty's rare record. They can give you the number. I think that's how we got it. Yeah. Louisville, Kentucky. And she's a great lady. Yeah, I heard that record many, many years ago. As a matter of fact, I think I caught your show when I was in a bad of free go. A thousand years ago, you know. And I enjoyed it very much. I still enjoyed it. When I was in Kalamazoo. Yeah. Are you cereal? I'm serious. Boy, you must be my oldest, still listener. How do you know oldest in turn? I understand, yeah. You know, I was a station over there and that was a part of the museum. Yeah. Well, thank you very much. I enjoy you show, very much. Okay, don't eat too much of that cereal, don't you? I don't know. Okay, it's good. I'm happy to try it. Okay. I'm happy. Wow. There's a big story behind that Kellogg's breakfast cereal. Is there? Yeah. There really is, which I'm not going to go into today. I don't need. But in the original invention by Kellogg. Oh. Yeah. Was just not people from doing certain that. We couldn't just go to the eighth grade. No, seriously. I'm not making that up. So if you've been eating an awful lot of cereal lately and you feel sexless, there's not a pretty good reason for it. Okay, let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? It's going. I've just curious what it gloves do. Gloves 94. Let's see, 12 plus they went from a two nine to a three. So they were kind of flat. And morning, Greg and Donald in 12 plus. Let's see if we can find the page. They went from a three, two to a three, one. And 25 or 54. They went from a five, one. I think to a four. What did I say? Yeah. Four four. So like the floundering doesn't it? I'll come on now. They're not on. Come on. Oh, I'm kissing makeup with this now. They love us and all of that. So are they already? Well, they haven't called, but they will. They've extended the fig leaf of friendship for some time. Right. Yeah, that you're not on there. Yeah. When does the next trans come out? I'm curious to see what's going to happen. Does it have from 10 to two? From 10 to two? Or you mean, or you mean six to 10? Well, even four, six to 10 to I tell you. I think, you know, he's really got Dave's got a hard job over there right now. Yeah, he's got a chance. Yeah, he's got a chance. Yeah, I can't. I can't really get along that great. Maybe he really do, but I think they're just having a little fun. Oh, yeah. While at last. He's doing that. Yeah, really. That's what they keep talking. Sounds like the breakfast club visit it. Temporary. Yeah. Yeah. I can't know. Today was like, what grounds the row or whatever. I think, you know, the weight in any moment to be canned. Are you sure? Well, it sounds like it. The way they're talking, and they were so depressed today. I'm on the, I thought I said, hey, you know, come on guys. Yeah, sure up a little bit. It's only a job. Really? Okay. Well, let's check it out for you. Okay. It'll be about it. It'll be about it. Sure. And I'll be a loyal, uh, WIOD, this nurse. The big rating you and I want to see will be in the bottom month. Yeah. Okay. Well, you know, there won't be any other station on even on FM. Okay. Okay. Bye-bye. 10 to 50, 10 to 11 at WIOD. 10 to 55. No wonder hermene McBean have been so cooperative with us. You know, we can beat their butts. Mm-hmm. Ha-ha-ha-ha. Seriously, 12 plus we had a five-five. They had a two-six. Wow. More than that. So they're just delighted that we're over here, man. This is probably, in fact, I'm going to go in today. We ought to like ask for double. Wow. Getting 50% from the AM and 50% from the FM. You're out of their way. You know how that word is. Okay. Homestead. Hello. Hey, now. Hi. I am a first time WIOD listener. Great. I've never even heard of my clearly before I did this. Well, your life is going to change now, let me play. Let me know how Patty Murray did. Patty Murray, who's just a delightful young lady, who's got a stopping so sensitive about me. Let's see, Patty is on win after noon. Kind of too? Well, what do you mean? To the service that, to the service that, to the service that, well, just relax. Okay. Don't get, I'm not going to mean you, man. I mean the bird over here's getting hysterical. I'm not either. I just do bullshit. I just relax. Give me a chance to find it here. Will you? She did well. Four five to two seven. I guess the whole station and one of those statistical things. The way it sounds good. Doesn't it? Anyway. How does that come, Tara? To what? To the other FM market. Well, it's said down. You know, what can I say? Let's see, three to seven, 18 to 34. I'll find a good demo for Patty. It kills me. Not look at this. She had an eight in 25, 18 to 34. Of course, that's down from a 12-4. But nothing is perfect. They're good. It is a gigantic number. And still being, you know, daylight started just about everybody. Yeah. And 25 to 54 from 37. GTR had head, a, uh, boom. Find seven to a two nine. I, I said it just wasn't a good month. You know what I'm saying for them over there next door? No, remember, these are only trends. Yeah, it's just one month. These aren't the book. Let me get you this cut there. So I can, uh, send you a check for the Camille account. Oh, great. It's, uh, just Wild. Miami. 3, 3, 1, 4, 1. And be sure for my name on it, okay? Great. I appreciate it. Thanks, Martin. Thank you. And by the way, the rest of you free loaders out there. I haven't got your checks in the mail. And I was wrong. We actually had, um, three checks, which is still embarrassing yesterday. Uh, 30 bucks and 25 of the Janet Cowen left this $55. That's, that's pathetic. Uh, they do that in the first two envelopes. It's data. And that was a station with a, you know, marginal audience, okay? So, uh, get those checks in the mail for Camille Sounds and do something worthwhile and something positive at this time of the year. Uh, whether, you know, if you can only afford five or ten bucks, we understand that. If you're one of the big shooters, can afford 50 or 100. It's all tax deductible. Mm-hmm. And to make it out to Camille Sounds and send it to Neil Rogers, Wild, Miami. Three, three, one, four, one. And let's start getting the show on the road with that, okay? Um, another mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil, you're filthy in Miami. Hey, you doing fine? I got to tell you something that happened to me on Friday night. It was great. I was having dinner at this little eerie in, like West Kendall. Yeah. I won't mention the name. Uh, there was a bunch of AKs sitting at a table mirror. We were having a little birthday party for my little 20-f-year-old daughter. And one of them said something to my wife about coming over to the party that we're having at our house after we're having a little birthday party. Oh, great. You guys wouldn't want to come. And they said, well, why not? I just want Uncle Neil who was going to be there. Oh, I said, Neil Rogers, you go, oh, no. Uh, I know. And then the way to come back to me is, you know Uncle Neil, I said, yeah, I'm damn major. I'm very good friend. Because you're not damn major. I said, yes, I am. You said, no, you're not. I said, hey, you know I'm not. You go, I'm not. Uh, was it Tom Jicka? Yeah. Tom Jicka is. Oh, Tom's wife. Yeah. Yeah. He was a waitress. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. Yeah, that'll teach you to try to go on being an impersonator. What can I say? I just want to go to the house, like Uncle Stan. I used to bring them to him every now and then. Well, I'm not coming to your house either then, okay? Why won't I come up? All right. We can look at them there real big. Well, I goes to show you that I perform another pubic service in this town. All you got to do is scare away the old prunes. It's made for my name and a scatter like fruit fly. It was incredible. By the way, how was your dinner at the deep probably of the night? Dinner was great. Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it. It was excellent and Steve and Tom and the bird. Now we all had a great time. Did the bird like the bird see say so? So, stationally, you can give a little colorful. I like the little trains that ran underneath your plates. Yeah. How is the guy ever saw reaching in trying to pick people out of movie. Yeah. Listen, have a great day and say hi to Mrs. Tom for me. Oh, well, dude. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Okay. Well, this has been a great first hour, man. So, I'm so... And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about our special place. Just the short with the sun. From New York, is the Pokemon. I've scoped that's where I wanna go. I can't have a planet or it was that. It's not Pokemon. He can't feel that big. He's lost that stuff. What a shuffleboard if you were. I got a nine, go for Saturday lunch. Or probably the food on top of your tail. I hope it's kosher enough. Okay, no, the sky top and the kill. Channel back in bush hills, mountaineers, and shining fish, even the key learning. No, my rock and crystal. Oh, we left the monkey in the poker nose. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show. This to me, all I know. In the poker nose. Get a hunch, it's time. No, for the champagne. Shit, fries on pool and a cracker job. Let's get the chicks to get me in the skull. Over by the exercise line. You're the only one to focus on. Sky top and buck hills. Camel back in bush hills, mountaineers, and shining. Don't forget to make it right now. Spread rock and crystal. Holy, that's the monkey in the poker nose. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show. With tone and all and all. In the poker nose. Let's go, if we get to eat this. I know I got my teeth in the bag with the water in there, but there. Okay, and by the way, they're having a two-for-one special on Paladin. It's the same as the fate of the day. It's 11-07-WI-O-D, and you're around your show. Our number two, on a Tuesday, and man, I'm telling you, the show is blind by it, so you better catch it. I'll get a grab it. All right. Why, you can't. I'm fine. Are you okay? Yeah. You just stand with Jollarine? Yes. And we certainly want to thank the entire staff at WI-O-D, and GTR for leaving two sodas in the refrigerator. I believe that you'll have for a radio. The other floor is came yesterday with food and a bag of sodas, and they left two sodas in the machine. I'm proud of them, man. I'm really excited. Okay, it's 11-07, and let's go back to the calls and the boy here's strange here today. We have one open line in Broward. No, they are, because they hang up before the news. And then they come back by themselves, which is a miracle. In Broward 524-WI-O-D, we'll go to Bulkah. Hello. Oh, Neil, hi, Glenn. Hi. Hi. The question about the ratings, but I have a suggestion. I'm sorry. For you, I think, surely, before you left the data, you had a call, not the struggling lady, but you had a call from a lady that the whole way through, just hilarious. This was quite on top of what you wanted to say, which was totally irrelevant to anything. But Dave was going into background. Everybody was having a good time. You have that, did you remember? It was recorded call. Can you give us, yeah, we don't have it. I don't have it. Okay. I never mildly just sending both RIO-D, you're being on IOT. I like the better when you are in the data. I like your material. I like the way you're able to handle yourself now. On IOT better. But on the data, it allowed me to listen to go R&D at 11 o'clock. Oh, yeah. Now I have the question button. The question I have, yes. Do they list all our R&Ds on there? Sure. Where would they stand at? Well, I don't think they would stand. I think they might fall down. Yeah, they probably wouldn't. Do they show up in here? I don't think they don't show up in here. They don't show up in here. They're public radio. They don't show them? I don't want to take a TMI. I'm taking another suit station, okay, TMI. No, WL already isn't what they do. Because it's not a commercial station, and obviously they don't sell advertising. Yeah, because they always tell them when they had their pledge weeks, and stuff they talked about their high ratings and stuff. How ratings and what? I have no idea. Well, it's just like channels too. They don't rate channel too, do they? No. Public radio, public TV. Well, anyway, welcome to IOT. It's been a pleasure to last couple years of listen to you now. Continue. Thank you, sir. You're wonderful American. We appreciate it. Okay. Bye bye. Good day. 11 o'clock. I got it. I got to find time. I got to find a way to get the letter from Harvey from Kendall. Yes. And then there were a couple of other interesting things. The mail is starting to pick up. I will confess. And look at this. Here's a car, the post car, Johnny Depth. And it was sent to us from an advertising agency in Pembroke, and Pines. And Johnny says, hey, I just wanted to make sure you had our new forwarding address. Mm-hmm. We settled in and we really like our new dig. So drop by Sunday nights at 7. Johnny Depth. I'll be there. For those who are uninitiated, Johnny was on our show on Zeta for 3.5 hours on a, what was it? Tuesday morning, whatever the hell it was. Monday morning. Tuesday, Monday, Tuesday morning. I don't know. He was sent. I see the inquire that he and he's a great guy. He and Jennifer Gray have moved in together. Have they really? Yeah. Jennifer Gray. I won't hold her to you, answer. Okay. And then here's the thing to kneel and glend. Welcome back to AM boys. Love and lust Bianca. I like to say we're starting out to get some of the material that we used to get when we were on AM at wins. By the way, did we do a sufficient number on wins? Did we really go over them 25 to 54 for example? Huh? You love this though. Yeah, I sure do because they deserve very bit of it. Okay. In the morning, two one to two three. They actually went up. See one thing we don't do is we don't make them up. We don't lie about them. And then there's some of the people of G.T. are going to be foaming at the mouth about us because they had a little down trend. But the trend. We just give them, you know, we just give them as they are. And we can't lie about them. I'm sorry. Okay. Or we can't say, oh, well, G. We don't have that. Huh? A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a. Who am I looking for? Wins? Oh, man. Midday 25 to 54 a one. Woo. As in this one. Okay. This one. And midday 3 to 7. Wait a minute. from a one seven to a one eight. Wow. And from seven a midnight again this is 25 to 54 WI and Z the all-news station. Oh man this is Taukne. I thought that. Two one to a two three seven teeth in the market. So they're not exactly doing it you know they got geriatric demographics on the AM and invisible demographics on the FM but at least they're consistent right? Well isn't the rule of thumb now is when Zeta Beach you you're in trouble you're in big trouble you know when Zeta Beach is time to turn it up to the Chinese gone music okay. A couple minutes past 11 at WI or D we're gonna get to the calls in just a second out for just a second I thought even Palm Beach was little bit off but they weren't were there so they have been lit up now they have but they don't hang on. At least got you ready for a show. 655 WI see Harvey you're so confused baby you're under so much pressure you don't even know your name anymore was all he's Harvey from Kendall. Oh and now it's Harvey of Kendall and now that we're back on AM wouldn't you know we get a letter from Harvey of Kendall who writes to Neil Nelson Defeldor. These people I think that's a big one they use my real name you know like Milton World changes name the Jack Benny most almost everybody in children is who had a very difficult real and changed their name but somehow they find that by writing to Nelson that it just like a wound you know to the heart like I really could hear and it here he writes Neil in parentheses Nelson by way of your chronic groupy hangar is on who have nothing to do when you switch stations but harass me at my business I heard you move he heard we moved he heard it through the graveyard okay Harvey of Kendall I guess I missed the local blurbs as I was out of town and business when the news came out I guess I'll have to continue to hear from you in this Sarah Titches manner as I haven't heard your show for almost a year frozen dial yeah you still do the sweet and low stick how is working with Mr. Sincerity while I'm looking forward to your next career move as the x-rated messages your groupies leave our real grin perhaps king could take them all and send them to George Colin or the FCC break a leg literally love you Harvey and then he writes as a post script here we go if the bird is still hanging onto your co-tails give him my best tackle cackle-cackle-blender that Harvey but what a sister humor Harvey I knew you wouldn't let us down okay baby I know you're listening right now and spread of all your protestations Mr. Frozen dial yeah never listen to an FM yeah well it's because he's too stupid to find it that's right and of course the one fan that he was able to find and found the big fan was Howard Kleinberg over there at the money news and look what it did for them April wore the mishandy by now with a w i rub it in their nose I'm not way sure I mean to be able to go like that under those conditions at the last month I hope that the upper level management over there is zeta just just takes all these numbers in six of them in their ear okay wherever they fit twenty two till noon a w i o d and we have a thing here a cassette from j america it's called i won't miss a dayo mm-hmm which is this ought to be good sounds for us to argue between the news and we'll play next hour okay and me hey Oakland yeah welcome to w i o d thank you so much sir uh... listen wouldn't that program wouldn't that station really round out pretty good if they had somebody like the elis and there maybe it would round out uh... the whole building would round out if they had to be able to play a word that yeah maybe if they cut out a little bit of management the gaki at night and kind of split their in their for a couple of hours later in their uh... i think it worked out real well well i'll tell you follow you said so okay yeah okay he's probably the world's number one db lspa yeah uh... well i'd be only time a little listen to all this over there in anyway it when she gets on there with them what is it you you get off on her voice or something i don't know she uh... have you ever see a few of you don't have any of them don't have any of these db commercials of her no i haven't seen it well they can see a very well well she comes across pretty good on a radio that's true good good sense that you were in uh... she doesn't bring the topical stuff yeah well everything is relative you know what i mean yeah yeah when especially one steve is that uh... what's his name on their uh... yeah you know what did i do that i got to be scheduled for the rest of the month you're just going to know uh... i'm gonna freak out i'm gonna read it yeah soon as we say goodbye i'm gonna read it to you you're gonna pass out uh... i just want to wish you guys better luck i so i appreciate it and say hi to Debbie we're okay bye bye speaking at topics now we do have an open line in bulk of where we just hung up two seven eight wio d i'm not gonna give the palm beach line that's always the time to have those steve has got some pretty uh... amazing shows on i didn't i did not hear i wonder why didn't hear yesterday he had the duty will or she had not shown up that's right i wonder why that is yeah that's why i was in a building to think anyway steve has opened phones today which is uh... good i wish he had more open phones i don't want i don't want to interfere in speech on i don't want people calling and i try to run your show i have nothing to do with that but i think that these guests see remember when i came to that conclusion about two years ago here and a half and i decided that when you have a guest on no matter who it is you immediately turn off a certain percentage of your potential audience for example when you do baseball cards and i'm not saying that to pick on steve seriously stop and think about it for a minute how many people are interested in that not maybe five percent three percent of the whole audience and if that's three percent how many of them are gonna be listening on that particular day so you really do with these topics and he's gets blow out a lot of people but be that is it may see that's open phones today tomorrow he's got the official English post-mortem on the uh... English language referendum marklet courta and bob lawyer no not again are you serious marklet courta yeah for the eight million time at marklet courta and like i said the other day i believe English is a language of this country and we shouldn't have to keep wasting time arguing about it but people are want to carry it to a just to a fanatical degree man these people i think are really uh... you know off the wall that's a nice thing i can say speaking of off the wall thursday on a can show upcoming movies with uh... uh... with rhodia herlberg of the sun sentinel joe adler film producer and jack thirty of the weekly news now you're gonna break that mic okay i'm very expensive electro high my past out just try to control yourself and the next monday the twenty first anti-game minister roi masters another can drive debate with bob kunst gay activist bob will be making his ninety second appearance this month on a can show next monday and then two day now this is the show that we've all been waiting for spike and mike talk about how they run this ship that's otherwise in mike Disney says two to three maybe longer yeah um... mister do you know why did you pay call all hardy uh... oh much but i found my own douchebag we love out and for yeah but we don't pick on the team will you cut that out uh... got all mighty just as the whole rest of the station went up and he went down as well reason to pick on the dean the dean is a friend of wild the just remember those words okay words to live by okay we have a dinner invitation on seven which will dispense with now hello yes neo yeah i was at one of the restaurant that you have on the past to cook off on that other oh yeah which one i wouldn't want to mention the name i don't want to plug i just like to invite you to do that well how do i come to dinner if i don't know what right what i do it off the airport is just yes i do it off the air so you don't have to have all the people coming to down annoying you'll do it off the air yeah i don't want to plug i just want to come in and have a meal really really i did i say good things about your pasta uh... you think it's about all the past is not just what you have come in try meal sitting down and i have to get out of the night i usually do uh... try meal sitting down yeah yeah well i don't want to bring it to the station because it was something you can get off of you as a bit expensive equipment there you know especially uh... pasta yeah it's kind of like moldy and mong and yeah and so the oil and the garlic bread yeah okay listen i'll put you on a hold and i'll let the nick take uh... the information and we'll see what happens okay okay thanks luck okay hold on okay he's on seven well that's exciting in it is it and your sandwiches coming because i'm not eating i'm serious i'm not what i'm going to do for a few days is i'm going to lay a little on it on the air okay see better for the company of self-according all right and i'm going to be uh... having a little breakfast with burger things he does is the routine that i was in at when's when we do intend to to i remember almost every morning i stop at that burger king on the pines the one and ever finds a god about it i get it the same thing all the time two crowston sandwiches with bacon and cheese one is not enough okay two of those and a big ice tea would sweet and low of course and that would be it and that's all i would eat till dinner time and then of course they start bringing the food in a turn of havoc and i stop getting breakfast yeah and the you are used to all the i remember in those days you are used to be so rested when you came in in the morning you know and i think you're going to return to that be realized hours or so civilized okay anyway so let me read you this little item out of the inquire i believe okay this time this is brief this is out of the new national choir it says marlin brando i'm not sure you're going to say marlin veley uh... marlin brando except of the lady friend's invitation to use her private sauna not realizing the thing was the size of a small closet the door jam does he try to and three hundred and fifteen pound marlin was stuck three hundred and fifteen pound what it says the star struggled for more than twenty minutes before he finally popped out like a cork i like that i just didn't wish i was wally conswit and it didn't didn't say okay i got this really cute birthday card from Craig Warthing over wusnose and it's uh... i don't want to minimize it because it's really cute but it is mimiogram i'm sure you look at it's the first mimiogram birthday card ever had my life and it's not dirty is it makes i'm gonna read it on the air it starts out like it's gonna be something you're going to have to dump a dump panic okay on the front it shows the a dog leaning on the birthday cake and it seems a little tweety bird on its foot there it says a birthday riddle what six inches long and has two nuts and you open it up and he's eating away and it says an almond joy of course canny bar course is an at you or Craig said it's a thought that counts not that hard not to the fact that it's mimiogram right now times your tough Craig but it's a serious it's eleven fifty ten till noon at wio d you'll restore his passing out so we remodel it's all right now great congratulations on the uh... moved to the wonderful island of donning he's to call it thank you we're so delighted to be here man we're just rolling around and we're so happy i'm talking about silica and i was watching the news last again i have a couple of months now we started watching the news is a hero screw up yeah but uh... last week you're putting on the death of john Mitchell if he uh... made a comment that john Mitchell was a former attorney general for the rated administration and no one just for the going into the commercial for the raged administration directly and what's even a friday and slur uh... this is what you're going into commercial break he came back and correct to the south but i mean he you know she gets all struck up by the fricky uh... this is her in the ad i think i don't uh... it's her in it i don't think so the word is no no i don't think so it's on him the other day here it's incredible i can't wait till i see sadly based on well if she's not an item i can't still on that station i said my question thank you so that that you can't even i can draw well maybe she's got uh... some insight in for you know that i think in congratulations i've always been i uh... eight for the rest of yours from way back when it will continue to be a pretty good and don't let anybody put you down for it okay and spite of what they say you got good days thank you for selling man she gets more abuse we ought to buy out of the cuman show and then we ought to just abuse her right here in the studio i interviewed her one time did you read the cuman uh... i'll tell you who's pretty good over there's bill beach still air you know i don't know if she's still there she's good she may have left mariana marcia mrsia mariana mariana mariana are you preparing to do the music i don't forget whoever's got your mom out there a virgin compi we got to have that back so we can do a little a bird candy got me into the mine set the month the thinking along those lines look at that notice how they're starting to drop off because it's close to the news this is a is now telling that this is not a dumb audience over here slow but not done and they understand when it gets close to the top of the are they they scattered like flies like fruit flies they come back and then as soon as we come back after the news they have started coming back and will you close our rebe shop is a months ago they used to do that and then my news was like two minutes one on the beginning they didn't do it on fm it took them months to figure out you know when the news was coming up i went into one of those long breaks was coming yeah we did have a lot of business on the year over there too which i guess disturbed them because they didn't know how to handle it they didn't like it we were sold out for months isn't like that we don't want to do so our graves we don't want to spend weeks and weeks ripping the crap out of the management of uh WZTA w i and z over at guy gannett broad chasing but uh what can i say some people basically upper level management there bunch of douche bags and especially if the corporate level up in Portland main they give new meaning to the word douche bag okay i think everyone knows the end of all pure panic all uh mindless cretons you know some people have trouble dealing with success i'm not sure fact well no i said way back on a m that their whole thing there was mess with success the more successful you were the more they would try to interfere with your show and give you a rough time the people who like always failed who had minus school numbers they loved them because they could relate to them they loved them they loved them alone they would just uh and they would never get canned so we say the statement that i said one day on the air that got them apple pie they gravitate toward mediocrity they freaked when i said that i think i got too close to the truth you hit a wander they grabbed a long board mediocrity like i have never seen they love mediocrity like those ones man and i'm yeah that mic what's his name and he afternoon mic um lion lions could be in trouble because in twenty five or fifty five or half past over a two yet a two three and they may get real nervous about that because they like those ones yeah he may be gone okay let's get this pember pines calling here hello yeah as gone great um eggland hi i just want i listen to waxing on the way to school this morning wow boy you are desperate well the only reason i was switching child because there was nothing else wrong and i heard that John Bozah was on and they were talking him about the game and don't show and everything and he is the most rudeest most sarcastic person i've ever heard really yes i i mean people want to get him good questions like what does John shoul is saying is he cool done you know half time American you know he was talking is that we were supposed to know you know because we are looking at nothing else during the game but John shoul is he should know if he's cool well what does that tell you listen i got a run but have a great day and don't make them a stick again okay all right okay all right better days are coming yeah bye bye as what shoul says better days are coming and go we hope so okay listen have a great lunch we'll be back at twelve o'clock after the news are there about send this stick around or forgets Steve with open phones is afternoon at two on wild or do they're eating they're eating twelve o'clock in a wild and what can we do we can't stop the food you know i would have no intention of eating the day and the bird even sent out for a sandwich in herbe's chicken ranch in north mighty beach has sent by incredible chicken and fried nice and all kinds of good stuff and hot sauce and soda and we want to thank them profusely there were at one seventy fifteen that's one seven o'clock five west sixty highway north mighty beach herbe thanks a pile okay and they got all kinds of overstop deli sandwiches and the rotisserie chicken which we got here and chicken wings and chicken soup and chicken pupics and i mean it's if it's chicken manneganer okay herbe's chicken ranch we thank you profusely and we're having a good time with it okay and somebody hasn't come back which evidently means he's having one health a good time do we have that thank you up nick do we have that uh... jane a jamaica thing we better not do it though this half hour let's do it after twelve thirty five because this half hour goes by real quick you know what i'm saying like real fast okay let's go back to the calls my enemy hello hi how are you i'm doing good i i'm i'm calling to wish you last lots of luck thank you you i don't we appreciate them and i'll be calling you every day every day yes why is that because i want to okay i know it won't improve done sure but what can i say about that you want to pick on done no okay no i don't he's feeling pretty bad now yeah he's already depressed enough i don't see the connection well i i i will not often yeah what i got to do with calling the show every day well just because i don't have anything better to do with it and i've been trying to call and call i didn't you know i i was i was waiting for what is that mean you couldn't get through yeah that's what i'm saying and you're still okay yeah my ears are a little sore but you know it's been a pretty rainy day over here and you know okay well listen your calls are obviously going to be an important part of the show today i might that morning no i'm pretty close well non-secretors come to mind i don't know why boring non-secretors but you're good you're okay you're okay in our book okay let's let's not overdo it today i won't leave the good stuff for tomorrow okay okay i'll store up some okay okay it sounds like you're already letting some of it out okay have a good day now bye bye bye i'm at grade it's a 10 past 12 at WIOD got great i don't understand what does that mean do we have a new format for this hour nick there's nobody in there they didn't want to get the chicken okay they didn't ran out i'll be damn and we see we do this to ourselves what does that mean live at 20 don't we do a thing of 24 did we uh clean up the log here what what's going on do you know you're not talking to me so we do a break at 12 i haven't got any article looking there and there's no that would be great yeah it's good we be on automatic pilot okay all right let's get a lot of calls in while he's out of the room a fabric time hello yeah how you doing great i just think of the dog today why what's wrong with him oh flew and everything and that flu bug is going around man it's been just i've had like the edges of it put about four or five days you know to me like a little scratch and stroke and i've been just hoping like crazy i don't get it because everybody i know is gone and i was playing here feeling nauseous and i started thinking of the deep pain show yesterday that that'll do it do it oh who is that little ain't a retempter bitch they had on there man what's that you know me you know me you do you do you yeah yeah you do you yeah she's one of my favorite yeah i thought i'd get out of bed and driving on there and flopping around no it a bit of good idea yeah if i didn't have the strength to do it oh yeah yeah you okay now yeah i'm coming there good i'm all like a lot of coding and stuff yeah that'll do it for him i'm just worried the path out again take it i say uh i'm telling what's rig what's really good in some parts of town they take these coding anemos man it's fantastic yeah right thank you bothered the right can i say hi to the name yeah all right i didn't okay all right thank you all okay see you all right well that was good one huh we're gonna hell the he's gone uh uh so girl many heard chicken and he took off like a bad out of hell he went to get chicken see that i told you funny found something they're quiet i'm telling you one thing these white people in chicken man they go crazy don't go haha what the hell am i throwing that out for i'm not sure eating it so i got a guilty consciousness i'm pretty okay i asked you a stupid question Nick did they change this all around because are we not we are not oh i see thank god for that so we're not doing a break in 12 is that what you're saying this is okay no Rick weaver 24 there is you what are we what are we gonna do a four minute spot at twenty i don't understand what that means he's writing it on here if you're Rick at twenty one nineteen or he saw that chicken is just freaked out on writing hi-roll glyphics and them looking at he can't even get it straight now now Rick at nineteen that sounds like that show that the james at fifteen yeah are you making a mess on a table there again you're gonna get us in uh in in tight quarters yeah but i cleaned but you keep i'm telling you you're right on the edge you didn't clean it up that's a mess feel like this is like the odd couple or something here that's pathetic well i should be on news paper and let me do that yeah you should be on newspaper okay like on the inquiring and hit perfect this is the only show in america where we have to do bird training before we continue with a program just do it on your papers okay and quit making a mess on our beautiful beautiful table that makes you gonna pop you over the head okay let's see we did pepper pines let's go to Miami hello hi hi raya great i'm really glad i found you guys what do you mean by that i went away about two weeks ago i was gone for ten days yeah and you guys were leaving date of that i come back and we're not doing anymore yeah thank god it's pretty loud but anyway i'm glad i found you guys and uh that's about it just lots of work here how did you find this was it different how about that how about what it's about what it's about and how it's about and how it's about in the dark but what's there where is he oh he's still there yeah we left him on the ship we left him on the Titanic is it was thinking hey you guys have a really good time well we didn't have any choice you know you can't take the whole family all the time you know that's like well dad did he well i don't know he can talk about it if he's okay about staying there well i'm a little bit or something what i mean bitter he seemed to be okay no i think he i think he's fine because at least for the time being he and john the fort are like the top banana's there at least for right now in the morning so i don't think he's bitter he's got a shot at it and whether it's permanent or remains to be seen you know what i mean yeah but i you know i i never understood like they can't wait to do guys because no no wait they didn't get rid of us we left let's make it very clear we told them goodbye and they said okay well i thought they gave you a hard time because they were sent to this rock form they had and we don't want to be music and you don't sit in yeah and we and we couldn't coerce our listeners to listen to the crap that they're playing a rush to the day okay see what i'm gonna understand is they're pulling like one five or two our day yeah you with the only bright spots so now what they're saying is it's gonna improve our overall day to get rid of you guys we didn't make any better of course not it's a dumbest thing that anybody ever heard of but that at least they're consistent okay don't i've ever saw anything like it my whole life no and they did the same thing on a and when they blew stand major out he was the biggest thing they had going on a and they blew my consistent yeah so they had to be consistent with that the only thing i really have against you guys oh and i'm sure there are a lot of people out there yeah that there's nothing to listen to in the morning oh yeah somebody said that to me the other day what do they want they want us on all day well there's yeah i mean i guess if they keep bringing food all day we could do it but enough is enough you know no it's okay i've listened to guys at work and it's a good thing that people work for me so i can choose the radius they said exactly so i think sort of clear out for a while but i get person to have put a lot of people that give me a chance for drive time and now it's sort of like in the middle of the day so they got to find you and all of that but well spread the word get that sandwich board on and watch up and down the street there and let's put the word and see unlike you everyone else read it on the front page of the Miami Harald so i think they can find it wasn't here i said i know right but i was scared like my security blanket you weren't there in the morning but this thing i do right is that you guys are playing all like the great songs again there's this little biting earth and we could a lot of fun which is why i listen to you like that's this is why people you know the great miracle there were many miracles and i want to sound like we're petting ourselves on the back even if we are but we weren't yeah so you know that's right we worked under the most incredible technical dress for over a year with a worst crappy equipment that was ever ever invented even marconi was embarrassed by how primitive the stuff was in at room in like in a little broom closet that was mostly uncomfortable and on a wieldy and unworkable secondly we were on a station basically had no audience whatsoever you know and thirdly they took away about 90 percent of our material and we still were going up in every brokey we have to hope in the friends come out today and we were had a highest number ever on there a five five that was pretty bad under impossible condition can you imagine what we could have done if they would let us alone no that would have been too easy for them yeah that would have been too much since yeah but hey you know at least you found the spot and there's no listen to that there for you well i'm glad you found this so my okay you have a head baby you too bye bye but wasn't it nice it was gonna be okay she was like our perfect female color you know what i'm saying i mean nobody is perfect but she was as close to it demographics son of her voice she was like pleasant and happy and a lot of human and living and breathing as opposed to how wow near where's Paul Harvey yeah by the way Paul Harvey is gone okay he's gone and he ain't coming back ever so if you're one of those geriatric fools who can't get through the day without Paul Harvey there's only one thing that's sadia good day okay i love that okay my good day all right i guess my new favorite okay let's take a little rest on don't be making a mess over there I know that's not the inquiring on the inquiring and i also noticed that they're starting to bang the gong in the room next door starting to get really worked up to a frenzy that's GTR well what can i tell you they saw the book okay isn't it something and the great part of it is it's like that was our final thing yeah at zeta in other words we can't go down because we're gone yeah so we left there kind of like on a high note it's great mysteriously i have no idea why because the last couple months we did the word shows in history and we still did well listen talking about to doing well the melting pot is doing incredibly well all three of their local 123 a w i o d again one last thanks to herby's chicken ranch it was incredible i wanted it's great it really was so we looked out again got another nice lunch here today somebody dropped out in brown so if you move quickly we're somebody just hung up in brown word five two four w i o d this is a pleasure this hour today isn't things have opened up a little bit we don't have like all of that clutter in a hysteria and we can digest our lunch in peace oh this is great okay we have a Terry meriman i'm three hello hi y'all on the hill great you and bird i'm glad you're back on a m your signals first class and i'm glad you left the other station so we can just profile day long and make our observations about what's going on in contemporary america and without being cluttered by uh my wrong roll yeah i'm on my old i'd like to clock yeah hey i i i i i sensu is zerox of the biata is a client of mine thank you you're wrong i got it i think it's zerox because i wasn't sure whether somebody else opens your mail if you open your mail if you open your mail personally now we open it ourselves trust me okay the more i send you i'll send you to call it that's better than unless it looks like it's got a check in it then they open it yeah of course i got a little i think you want if you want the inside scoop one Terry meriman i've got some for you really now what do you mean by the inside scoop uh she's 32 years of age you want to get so many times she's in marriage three four whoa wow so we all right so last time she was married i i just came down six months ago from Philadelphia i escaped before the city exploded um and Terry did four years at the NBC affiliate in Philadelphia and prior to that she was from i think she came from Tennessee where she's a graduate university at Tennessee with a banjo underneath uh uh but something else underneath her first marriage when she was 17 she married a professor at University of Tennessee in the year 50s um if you don't want it but i'll tell you why i'll tell you how um i'll tell you how uh um uh um um companae i'm at this um i'm i'll get in my sources you want if you want to back up sources no right just down gale shister s-h-i-s-t-r who does the uh media calm for the Philadelphia inquire you know we'll back it up and so we'll get in in Mulligan of the Philadelphia Delling News if you want to be one of further. But Terry's last marriage, she married an anchor, a three or four from the ABC affiliate and wasn't that nice and merger and he's saying ABC merging. And she married him in January, this past January in Kate Manager's E and Terry moved to Florida in May. So I guess that one didn't work out either. And she hasn't got married since she's been here. I know, well she's probably working on it first. Yeah, you strike, cruise, no, a five, five, 12 new or something. But I want to tell you guys, Neil, I was up in Philadelphia the only thing we've got is a bunch of WMR, a bunch of like we just got these, well what we have is we have the competition of the six count them, six simultaneous morning zoos. Yeah. And then there's a course Howard. Yeah, of course, them as Howard who is in a class hall, but I should say a day cross all by himself. Yeah. And he's doing toilet chips and he gets tired real fast when I came down here. There's only one request by had if you can ever play every one of you should. I think that the one, the Hollandale vice, where the classic character busts the old fart for carrying sweet and love, I got, I got to go to the bathroom every time you play. Hollandale vice. Yeah. By the way, I think Howard came in number two in the morning, Mason Philly. Oh yeah, he's getting beat by WMR Johnville. Oh, yeah, he's been there like 20 years or something. Yeah, John Debell has been there since the station opened. Yeah. Howard's always ripping John Debell to the talk about how he's going to even for breakfast in a way. He's fine. No way. Debell is God and because NMR is an interesting little, I mean, a wattage wise. It's an interesting, it's smaller than the big guys, but they've been doing an underground, that you must have done a year's ago in the old. They were doing underground format with Michael Kierson's up there. They spawned through the stuff. If you heard about their Louis Louis Parade, they hold over your births. Yeah. They had this thing worth. Yeah. They had 1000 people. They handed out 10,000 could of zoos. Yeah. And everybody goes down the street. Because Louis Louis and they're not. So they swipe Michael zoo by the way, used to be in this vacation. They've left Michael zoo. I used to have a good one. Yeah, but I'm so glad when I moved to Miami, I thought, well, I'm not going to move from the fourth market in the country to God knows what I'm going to move to John here. And I found this. He found this because zoo. All right. All right. Well, he's got a casino. Louis Louis down. It may be still better, you know. But yeah. There's more inside the coop. I'll get on the line to you, Neil. Well, they were good. And you got to admit that Terry Murray meant his cute. She's hung boy. He got the boy to get into the bathroom. Yeah. He should be on Scally show today. Who knows? Okay. Have a great day now. Bye-bye. What did he say that he had to do every time he hears this? There to Miami cops with a hot tubi. There are the streets fighting dry. They find the man against face there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a hell of a deal, but. He's a problem with the grating. He's so stupid. He's crazy. He's kind of an ethnic group, but senior citizens are one around trying to get the early bears, special actors seven. Yeah. The second time. Let's go get him. Yeah. He's all the smoke. Clean up the trees. Hey, ladies. You can't cross. Here you have the cross in the line. There. There's a term. There's a clean up. This must be the same thing. All right. The theory on her ass. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife. What's the charge? There's an amount of money. I'm going to first have the fight done. Yeah, just a thought. You got her under bag then here. For the work. Wait, what? And that restaurant you can't have. But like I mean, it's a lot of. Yeah, very good. Yeah, my name is God. I'm a hot movie. Yeah, hell of a deal of advice. We're doing this for MBC. Okay, now you notice the mail today? It's a little bit of a deal. Yeah, and it's a lot of long. And this is only the first wave. But the most exciting part, oh my God, from specs, Jim and David unbelievable. They have sent me a virgin copy. And it says, if you ever need help locating those hard to find, see these give us a call, Jim and David at specs. I thank you from the bottom of my parts. Oh, look at this. It is a, I'm even afraid to touch it. It's a hot spot. And I'm going to hand a virgin copy. Oh, it's got two cuts on it. Kansas and Stan B. So I'm going to hand a word in Spanish with Elton John. You're a myth. Look at you. You've just fallen apart here. Boy, we only had a VCR on top of the side right now. I'd be speechless for the rest of this show. Yeah. So good. Thank you so much, David. And Jim, I'd expect you guys are the greatest in the history of mankind. I'm going to treasure this, trust me. Nobody gets his paws near that thing. See, things are starting to happen already. This is only our seven show. And it's just like old times. It's speaking of old time. Look at this. Looks like there's a bunch of checks here for the Camilla. Yeah, look at this. Two, couple. Yeah. A bunch. One or two. Okay, 1231, a Wild and here's a call from the WSVN parking lot. Hello. Yeah, sir. Anyway, I'm a Spanish man's buddy. Are they call from the US Marshall? Yeah. How you doing, guy? Yeah, I'll go over here. I'll try to find you, man. How do I go about seeing you? Say hello. What do you mean how do you go about seeing me? You don't. Oh, come on, guy. What do you think this is? Is everybody walks in here? No, I don't want to walk in. No, no, no, no. I just figured I'd say how do you and say hello to my buddy, his Spanish man. And I'm the SD guys for a little while. Great. You know? Oh, no. No. I'd like to. You'd like to, pal. Good luck to you. Come on, now. Can I put a plug in for my company? Sure, anything you want. If I don't make you go away, anything you want. No, come on, I'm not going to die. I'll just take you. Okay, thank you. Everybody out there listening, hey, good auto security. We do top job alarms. Number six, six, two, two, five, two. What else could you possibly want now? This is great. I love it. And my buddy got there with a Spanish man on a year ordeal, these bad. So, do you go on me in? It's not up to us. Are you tired of people? We're kind of sequestered. No, we don't have anything to say about it. They don't just like people wandering off this morning. Oh, that's right. We're in a very desperate part of town. You know what I'm saying? Why does it take you to you? Oh, I think you guys, you know, like, people in with food and such clothes by walking with food. Yeah, you walk in with food. You'd be in here in a bad of an island. But we already had lunch. Oh, Fred. Well, listen, it's great hearing from you and have a wonderful day. Hey, that's right, man. Okay. Bye, bye. Why isn't that something? Now they're in a parking lot trying to muscle their way in. Okay, 233 and WI-O-G. We have to be a dog in here, my snide. The dog and really made me sick of my stomach. Yeah, they really look good right, right? Did they? Hold on, I'm recovering. Hold on. I feel better now. Okay. Anyway, how about your system now? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I want to put Joseph Gack into your men. Is that the most boom box there? Yeah. I brought my beer bottle in Joe woke up anyway. So I asked him, just get it around. I said, I heard that Neil was going to be a new broadcast. He's working part in a replacement sonny. You know, I think he got a kick out of it. He turned red. He didn't say, I'm sure no pun in payment. No fat champ. And then he said, wow. Watch the way. Watch out the way he said it to me. And the guy turned red. I couldn't believe it. Yeah, just getting a little emotional, but he'll get over it. You know what I mean? I'm out there. And look at this, we got a few chance for Camille's talk today. I'd say over 100 bucks. Uh-huh. Which for this dream crowd, that's a pretty good start. He's a, he seems to be sensitive. Yeah, Joe's a little bit sensitive. You understand, he's in an IOD sports department. And there's a lot of sensitivity. They're man, they're very emotional. And especially with a kind of year, the dolphins are having their like on on the edge of their seats at all times now. They're on pins and needles. I guess they're anyway. My, I just don't know pins. I think needles would not be the appropriate. I have a listen. You got the while. You know, when I listen to Steve, also, he always is to say, oh, take me on any time in debate. If I ever got together and listen to that. And if I try to get a guy, I'll see. I'll slow down the same. Can I ask you a question? Sure. When you would say that, and it would get back to me, I'd always ask the person who relayed the message, a debate about what? What is there for me to debate him about? I don't know. And I'll be just so used to doing this, can drive the base. You think that life is a debate? I know, I know the thing. I have nothing to debate him about. Well, he got together. If he had tried, he was like a little critic at him. Malcolm, can't think all of it. Exactly. And I love this. He loves this. Everybody's happy here. And I know that that disappoints a lot of the audience. A lot of people out there who are looking for another Harald O. Type fist fight. But we're getting along great, and he's been very kind and very gracious. And everybody here has been that way. And it's been great. He took it out to me. We're not looking to have a brawl on this station. We like, you know, we like to have this little fun thing with a sports department, because basically some of those guys deserve it. But generally speaking, everybody here gets along famously. This is a real pleasant place to work. I'm not just saying that to be a buck, is there? Could you know I don't do that? But it really is. Everybody's great. It's taken a brawl. There's some great fights in the stands right tonight. That was probably the most exciting part of the game. The world in Tonya. Yeah. Anyway, who do you like in the LSU Miami game? Oh, and I've come on. You really have to ask me, Ben. You know, one thing about the hurricane is that I want to pick on him too much. But what they do is in the beginning of the season, they got like maybe two or three rough opponents. And I say rough marginally. And then after that, then we got Cincinnati and all these other vassar and, you know, rents a layer of polytechnical school. I mean, it's really getting a little bit old, yeah? Yeah. I think you ought to give it to him. Anyway, I like to say any and answer your disrespect. OK. And also for all your people on brow, if you move real quick, I'm hanging up right now. OK. Oh, boy. That was good. He was one of our best calls. Wasn't it? Well, he was. He was like right into everything that's going on. I'm sorry. He wasn't one of your little Twinkies, but you can't have them all. OK. Yeah. He wasn't one of those Phoebe Cates found a line. Yeah. He had his good moments. I like the Joe's a Gacky story. And you liked the way hung up. And if you were quickly and look at that, they filled that line up. Not nice. I thought you were right. He was. He was good. Not nice. I'm a yes man anyway. And I have your little butt kisser. Yeah, I have to do that. I'm a good thing bird. It was good for this rare species. Oh, yeah. He was great, Neil. Yeah. He was a good guy. It sounded like a kind of guy like to get no a lot better. Oh, what do you know what I mean? 243. Oh, it's bound to be incredible. But keep your finger on the button. I want to be ready. When I know God from my naturalism junior, I want to miss a day and a day and a day. When I know God from my naturalism junior, when all of the others show the driving me bananas. I know God from my naturalism junior. He's got the greatest show for them to know that. No one can't rock on my naturalism junior. I want to miss a day and a day. When I know God from my naturalism junior, I want to miss a day. When I know God from my naturalism junior, I want to keep a bringing in the food here. Let's tear apart from my naturalism junior. That makes it both 7 podcasts. Put up tear-offs like a mine I should listen to Neon. I want to miss a day and a day. When I know God from my naturalism junior, I want to miss a day. When I know God from my naturalism junior, I want to miss a day. When I know God from my naturalism junior, I want to miss a day. Well, that's one of the all-time greats in it. Thank you, Jay. Could we cut that up? Great. Well, that would be great. We'll pay that every day. Jay America who has done so much great stuff for us. And I still say, I don't know why he's wasting his time. This guy should be putting out commercial stuff. Should he? He's creative. Great musician. Mm-hmm. And a wonderful all-around guy. And I just don't know why he's not making millions of dollars out there. But we appreciate it. And Malcolm Drywell, we can't. Yeah. And it's just great. Okay, listen, April, we're the most in it. Because overall, now let me get these, we do have these numbers. And I want to, not like I'm standing up for Steve because we work here, but that is the reason. But anyway, 12 plus Alice had a 49 in his latest trend in Steve at a 46. So it sounds like he beat him. But if you look at the demographic, in 18 to 34, we already told you that Alice was dead last and Steve had a two something, a two one, which is not a big number. But again, it's an AM station. And Alice had a point four. So there's no contest there. In 25 to 54, Steve had a 49. Alice had a two-old in 35 to 64. Steve had a six-six in Alice had a four something. So the only place where he beat him, he had this gigantic 65 plus demographic. And I'm sure that Steve has tickled a death that, you know, if he's going to get beaten somewhere, it's 65 plus because I hate to say this. But nobody wants that audience. Okay. Even radio death doesn't want that audience. So Alice, if you're going to try to play little games with the numbers, it's not going to work baby because your audience is so old, it's the ancient audience that doesn't have enough strength left to reach over and turn the dial. Okay. Those are the ones left of WNU. And Sandy's got this, I didn't realize that man, she's been kicking some answer over there. No crap, it's 12 plus, she's got a 5-1. Yeah. We will leave that. That's 3-1 in midday, but of course the D is gone. But, and I bet her demographic so ancient too. Shall we check it out? Sure. 18 to 34. Maybe she's right in there with Alice. Wait, you see the next thing? 18 to 34. W's snooze. While I haven't found them yet. I'm still looking, Sandy. I'm still looking, Sandy. Uh, 08. 08. 08, but I realize that's a, I've got a young guy right now. I know, I'm in an edit art at the bottom when you start out with the new relation. I start to try to control your stuff. 25 to 54. These are the ages by the way for those of you who don't have to figure that out. W's snooze. Let's see, just behind Zeta, Gonservitum. They had a 1-8. Sandy. So what does that leave basically? I mean, she has a gigantic, geriatric audience. Okay. Here's somebody in Hollywood who wants to say how to was Dan. Hello. Hey, Joanneel. Pretty good. What do you think this is? Some kind of a personal message show? Sure. Yeah, I've got no comments on everything you said. Great. Well, like I said, your dad's a great guy. Dad can call me Dan, please. What is his name? It's him, Ron. Hey, why don't you a douche bag in our book? Okay, baby. All right, thank you. Okay, you have a good day, no? He's early. Oh, bye. Bye. And I like these voices, man. And here we got the seven-day-on-year. We've already got these living and breeding people. If I can borrow that from Captain Dave. And it's incredible. It's frightening, isn't it? That's the word. Seriously? When I say that we can move an audience, man. This show is a moving experience. And believe me, Sunny Rose and Bergen, Helen Dale, has got his finger on the radio or somewhere right now. Well, I can't believe the book we had over there. It is our going away book at Zeta, our highest number ever. Highest position in 18 to 34 is we kicked to ask me to everybody. Beat everybody again in 25 to 54's with that seven-one. And I know I'm repeating it over and over again. But it makes you feel good, okay? Because it makes you realize that you were like doing impossible things on a make-believe radio station that had virtually no measurable audience for rest of the day. And then when you tell him, hey, stick it in your ear. We're not going to take your crap anymore. They say, hey, okay, bye-bye. Yeah, boy boy. They're glad to see it. Yeah, they were delighted, man, because they like to be consistent. They like, they would like their number to be like a straight line, okay? Well, like about a one, two. It's getting real. Moaning noon and night, and I got news for it. They make it their sweat. Wait, wait. Be careful what you wish for. Yeah. Okay, let's go. So, ha ha ha. Timber time, hello. Hey, you. Yeah. What's happening? Not too much power, just having a great time. Yeah, here. A good lunch. We're feeling great to show his zip-in-long like lightning. Yeah. Yeah, I was wondering if you were ever going to have another student thing. Yeah, what day is the next holiday? Um, I think that we have not just coming Wednesday, which would be tomorrow, but the next Wednesday. Yeah, well, thanksgiving, right? Yeah. Yeah. Day before Thanksgiving. But don't do it then, because I'm going to be at a town. Oh, well, what do you want us to do it? Well, mark it on the calendar just for you, pal. Okay. I'll probably get it back to you after I'll tell you when I'm going to be back. Oh, I know where do you go to school? I got a busy sit. Oh, the BCC. Well, a lot of explains it. When you go to BCC, the world kind of revolves, you know, the way you want it to, right? That's what everybody tells me. Uh-huh. Well, you know, I figured, you know, since I was these faithful students they call her, you know, you know, I might, might as well do it the way I want it. We'll do it the way you want it if you know what I mean. Uh-huh. And I have a question for Gwen. Yeah. Gwen, how many ends do you have in your name? One. Really? I get that. So I think that's a frequent question I may ask. Yeah. Why would you ask a dumb question like that? You sound like a really bright guy. Well, I figured, you know, not that many people really ask. Gwen a lot of things. Well, that's correct. And that probably is one of the most perspicacious questions has been asked for the long time. Well, I figured I'd give Gwen as much action as possible. Well, I hear that. Yeah. Uh-huh. Send a little action this way. Okay, pal. Oh, yeah. One more thing. Yeah. Could you call my friend Rick and Bruce back? Rick is a douchebag. I know him personally and trust me. If you look up douchebag in the dictionary, he has pictures there. Okay. And as long as Gwen is on the air, why he hasn't said. Rick is a douchebag. Boy. Thank you. You really want a lot. Don't you pick her yourself now. Okay. My boss said that. He was good. Well, I want a lot. But that's where it goes. Boy, boy, what is? Pressure showed today. Wasn't it? Hasn't it been? Oh, boy. It's in the past tense or something. 115 W I O D. What is their name? These pizza in Jupiter will send a pie Thursday around noon time. Now, you know how long it takes to drive to Jupiter from Jupiter. I've said about now and a half. About an hour and a half. If the traffic's moving well. And we'll reheat it in the W I O D microwave, right? Yeah. And it'll be fine. Oh, somebody would say it'll be just fine. Okay. It's 11. And we'll come back in a second. Yeah. It's just afternoon. Right now, I want to talk to you people. 137 W I O D. We got a mobile on Palm Beach, hello. Hey, what's happening? Well, what happened, pal? Hey, I love it. Hey, Neil. I'm riding on the sawgrass. Yeah. Just got done, you know. Right, a few letters. And, uh. What? Why are you on the sawgrass? Yeah. Clean it out the car and I put a DVD. Activities are ideas for me, you know. So. Well, you might want to sweep up some of those dead frogs in the sawgrass. Too wide around, okay? There's nothing out here, Neil. Oh, by myself. Yeah. Well, that's a great expressway. Isn't the R.V.D. expressway? It's wonderful. Okay. They have some. Give me call for I. Okay. Well, listen. Next time you call. Give like the mile mark. And when you get your some company out there. See, which you can run up a little party. Okay. Let me have some birds up. Yeah. A bird idea. Right. Hey. How's that, uh? April. We're. You know, no, not worth it. I sure. Or them. I don't want to be sexist. Yeah. Yeah. And my opinion, she's beautiful. Wow. I haven't told her yet, but I'll do that today. Yeah. He wanted to ask him maybe before he can go in in tickler during the news. Okay. That's what a dirty old man we're got in here. Yeah. As Steve would say, she's like you. Yeah. For what you're supposed to be sexist, sir. You know, okay. You know, we also don't want to be mean. Correct. The intellectual standing of our W.Y.D. News Department. Okay. April. If you're listening. Just the jokes. Yeah. Okay. Take care. Good luck, you sir. Bye. And watch out for those dead frogs. 139 at W.Y.D. I wonder, is that Hollywood dolphin something? Hello. Yeah. Hi, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to say I went to the dolphin game right. Well, you friends. How come you sound so happy? All right. Well, my first time there. And I really wanted to go. But beautiful stadium, isn't it? Yeah. I tell you. It was beautiful. I wanted to go for that state of the art scoreboard. The remedy tell you. We parked a few miles at my office. We just took us an hour. You know, just to get to the parking park. Yeah. We walked. No, we're all we, we walked. We've got an hour. Oh, yeah. You know, it's an embarrassment. Let me ask you for this super ball that's supposed to be there. You know, what's going to happen with that? There are more roads there. The post to be there is going to be there. It will be there. Yeah. There's going to be a lot of people parking over W.Y.D. Yeah. In the parking lot. They're going to be walking to the game. And walking at that. That's games. Yeah. That's a lot of people in the park. I think that's a lot of people in the park. Yeah. I think that's a lot of people in the park. I mean, yeah. The biggest problem is that if you walk around, you can go to the park. I think that's a lot of people in the park. Yeah. You can go to the park. Yeah. We just got to work. That would be a black down. Yeah, it was beautiful stadium. But I tell you, when I left it was just garbage all over the place. Well, I mean, there was a lot of garbage on the field, too, from what I heard last night. Are you still adding up the comers from the FM to the AM? Yeah, we sure are. We rupted 20 the other day. Okay, so I could be 21 that's a lucky number. Okay. I called you the week before you left. I was rich at some Hollywood. Oh yeah. I remember that Richard. Yeah. I played the taste of my girlfriend. You wish to have you birthday and that he was totally excited. She heard it right. You why played it for I recorded it. Oh I see. And she heard it, but yeah, I never really miss a AM, but you know, I follow you here. Well, that's good. I make the number 21 and if we can give another 10 or 20 man, what I've made. Yeah, let me ask you. There was a song that you had played. Who is that convenient store? Was that one that you have? No, that's an ACNB. That was the ACNB. Audio, Sustrowego. But I've got to be honest with you. The new stuff that we're getting in slowly, but surely, but put all that stuff to shame. Mm-hmm. Yeah, because also there was, I know the government caught the hour's day. That was a day to put your special. Yeah, that's a real nice guy. I probably said it. Yeah, that was. And then we're at Barry Manelaw also. Yeah, ACNB. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you're going to have to be cloned yourself on some of that old ACN stuff, you know. After you heard it the first 500 times, it didn't have any meaning anyway. Yeah, that's true. But, you know, I think you played that one. My boyfriend's back, the one that was there. Yeah, we played that a few times since we came back. Yeah, yeah, I heard it the other day. He was very interesting to play out today. Tomorrow, how's that? Right. Settle for tomorrow. All right. You're not going to be depressed? No, I just, I was one or two that I had recorded. I might have like 90 different bits. Reddible, this guy's got his own library. Yeah, I have my own library. If I can, you know, just find it out being good. Okay. And listen, if you ever get your own show, you're all set. Yeah, I can feel the material. I don't know what all those other people are. Exactly. Why should you be any different? Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Good luck to you. See you later. All right. 142. I see Steve is in a building. Steve looked really, uh, sirly today to need a little on these early side. Must be getting ready for a wild four hours. Why should he be sirly man? The trends came out. He did extraordinarily well. He beat the pants off of Alice and everything except 65 plus those incredible, farads that they got over W. Snoos. So he should be if static all along. I guess maybe ratings don't count. Yeah. Ha ha ha. We can ask him about that. Yeah, we will. A Naples caller wants to know if you have lost the Jew. I have it, but I haven't put it on Cart yet. You do have it. Oh, yeah. Oh, we're playing it like next week. So have it away. Something to look forward to. I've got it on that, uh, cassette. But I have, I have the original record. So it'll sound a lot cleaner, okay. Great. Oh, you've got, uh, kosher cup of air too. And everybody's got that. Ha ha ha. Yeah, but we're not going to play it today because I got to play the I-95 record one time today. Yeah. Play it on a couple of days. We haven't played it in people get ready pressed, right? Okay. The speaking of depressing. Let's go to sunrise. Hello. Hi, how are you doing? Great. I'll ask on my talk to you, which was also the first time was when you're at data. You'll ask him for quality to like, there is. I'm an error. All right. Let's hear it for Steve Tater and arrow. Somebody would good taste. Listen, I want to tell you two things. First of all, I have a tape where I am a tape or girl. I take my little baby and we do the rap for the Fort Lauderdale news. And I have so happy you're on tendative. To now my rap is like that because we're real quick. Yeah, we want to in fact, in days to come, we'd much rather hear from people who are happy that we're on from tendative as opposed to those who call, oh, we wish you were still on in a morning because no matter what you do, you get that. When we left the AM and went to Zeta, there were all these people who are all been out of shape. All we don't know what we're going to do now. We don't get up in that hour the morning and we go to school or whatever the hell it was. So you can't please everybody, but I'd much rather hear from those people, not to be butt lickers. But I mean, those people who are happy that we are on in these hours. I am happy, but there is one thing. I want to tell you, I am 24 years old, so I'm not on all the conquerors yet. Great. But what are you doing in sunrise? It's cool out here in the holiday. I used to live there, I know. I want to tell you that I do miss Paul Harvey, that's the only thing that I've ever loved. And I want to know what don't you like about him. What don't you want to know, can I sum it up real quickly? That has a good day. Now I just, first of all, he's politics. He's such a right winger that I, and it just bothers me. He does good stories. And he's forced the newsman and manipulated it and he's so to the right. And I just, I don't know, just to me, I'm really surprised that you would like him because you're living in breathing and under the age of 100. And most of his audiences incredibly geriatric. I mean, I'm from Ohio. Oh, I see that. When I, I don't have a toilet. Yeah. When I was in school, I remember learning about him. Yeah. And I never listened to him until I got the paper round. And then my husband always listens to him or he listened to you when you were on the way to the theater. And I started, you know, attending and I just, I heard him a couple of times and it became an everyday thing. I also told him how old Paul Harvey is. Joey Reynolds, when he was a child, he's just a listen to Paul Harvey and then Paul was old. Okay. So that's an idea. Yeah. Can I say how do my husband? Sure. I'm Michael. I hope you listen and Corey and I are doing okay. And we'll see you later. Great. Now listen, let me just go back to what you said about Paul Harvey. Good. There are a lot of people mostly over 90 who enjoy Paul. But the problem is he goes on forever and it's just such a terminal break. You can't have any continuity of your show if you go away for like a half hour to time. It just makes no sense at all. I enjoy them all well. But your choice basically was either Paul Harvey or us and you know you'd much rather have us. Oh, definitely. I'm much happier to have you than what this name, Alan Burke. Oh, he was awesome. He was awesome. Now in. Now he was. He was very good when Paul Harvey was a child. That's about in the middle of this 18th century. Well, I'm really glad you're on my route takes you about an hour and a half. And listening to you, it goes in an instant. Really does. You have a great day now. All right. You too. But I. Okay. 146 of WIV. But she was perky wasn't she? First of all, for somebody living in sunrise. And she's fine. She's just a line. So I was driving down on 95 the other night. Somebody nearly coming right off the road. I tried it wasn't going to do any good to get mad. The road is song about them and said, It goes like it. For people all in asshole. Or did you work in your whole life? Either way, it works out fine. But you're in asshole tonight. Get your days. That's that they totally. And don't keep trying to play with all me. You deserve all the credit. You're in asshole tonight. You're in asshole yesterday. You're in asshole tonight. That got a feeling. You'll be in asshole with the hope you're like. I was talking to your mother. Just to you tonight. I told her I thought you were an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Because you know that you're whole life. And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life. Or you're more than asshole. Or did you work in your whole life? Either way, it works out fine. You're in asshole tonight. Hold that. A lot of my mom. It's 150. 10. Still 2. I would double YOD. In this world nothing says I love you. Quite like a diamond vital set from America's leaving you. And you're a service merchandise. And right now, I would two characters. Total weight vital set in 14. Garret Gold is on set. And just a second, relax and try to close this briefcase. And it is in. Possible. You really got a mess there. Why are you doing that? Let me tell everybody about what Scott Shannon is. He 100 in New York is done. This is out of the most of our audiences. Really. What is out of the new inquire? Don Johnson went nuts when the top New York DJ delivered the nastiest. And the nastiest insult ever electronically erasing the star's voice off his newly released Till I loved you record Doette with Barbara Streisand and broadcasting it as her solo. A Don phone that the DJ in a fury really got Shannon. He 100 refused to take the calls saying he hates Don. And likes it always likes Scott Shannon. Oh my god. So the hate's done in likes is thinking even less. Shannon also claimed that listeners get phony in to save that the dud Doette sounds like a dynamite Disc now that Don's gone. Her Miami Vicefront warns even hundred to stop playing Barbara Solo or his lawyers will make the joint a punch and lot, according to the National Enquirer. And before you go, could you do one short thing for me? What's that thing? Just say freeze major Miami vice you're under arrest. Actually, I'm not going to do that. What a gun. And I think hello guy 154 WIOD will go to Kendall. Hello. Hi. Hey, Don. Ray. What are you on? You're on. Listen, what the hell is theta? What is it a parking lot? Oh yeah, must be. What do you mean what is it? Where are you from? No, I know. He just did joke. Don't start getting all possible. That's the shit. But the end of the show. I'm joking. You're a joke. I thought that that would be coming in right now becoming a very handy. Yeah. Totally the show. Listen, let me ask you a question. And thank you. Remember when the Democratic Convention when it gets saying where was George? Right. Well, that's going to be the very question when the trends come out. That's my where is theta? Yeah, well, we're going to find out shortly. Now that I think about your statement, I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now I think about it for a second. Listen. I never heard you one time. I know about you and everything. But I always listen to WLD and I use to listen to a scene when he was that. Yeah, when he was your Dallas. Well, we were all together once upon a time. I'm going to go. I don't know. Wasn't that romantic? Yeah, much to be. Yeah. But I always thought when Steve left, I decided to go with Steve and I think that you are the Mr. Nail that hits the, you know, since the right shot, I think that you guys are going to be great. And now WLD there's no reason to change anything. Let's say you're going to be happy. That is correct. If the only station you'll ever need if I can steal a phrase from Muslim playsell. Yeah, now it's the office can only do good. I went there and I'm not going to carry the way now. I mean, it's way more delighted to be here. But let's not expect mirror. I went there last night and I wasted this money and time. I got a plan on the way. Yeah, but you had a great time. I was like, it was like an adventure. You had a flag. You had all this stuff that went on and it was like, let me tell you something. Fallen this dead God forsaken town. Even going out and getting your brains beat out in the ball game and having a miserable time getting and getting a flint out, even that's exciting compared to the rest of what goes on your right. I think my name is art. Yeah. I just want to leave you one thing. You know what? One, if one is love, right? And two is set. What's three and four? Wow. Go ahead, Art. Am I going to have to dump this for you? Am I going to have to dump this? Yeah. Seven. Ha ha ha. What a guy. Have a great day, Art. And listen, when you get your own show, you just need to do your life there. Okay, here's another candle call. Hello. Are you doing babe? Yeah, and I got a diet yesterday. Or maybe a day before I don't remember. I was going to wait for that. If you have to go. No, yeah. Come on, there. I was just in a cage. I went, I had to hang it off a lot. I have that left with an erection arm. Oh, yeah. Well, it sounds like we're going to be getting a lot of those in the mail. If you know what I mean. I was a proud man. Hmm. Yeah, but anything that I would. I would just tell you that. Of course, once we get there, we still have to run that fire. Spiking on. Make sure that's kosher. I believe it. We don't play anything here until we get the green light. I believe it. And so far, the light has been so green, man, that it's frightening. I have a punch on the face to say, but to be honest with you hanging on for 35 minutes. I know, God, I'm your forget your material, but it was good that you got on. Wasn't it? Yeah, it was great. Especially since I actually just connected myself and got right back on again after I, you know, gave the stop story and stuff. Yeah, yeah, Nick goes big for those stop stories. That's because he used to work at WS News and that was a stop story. So it always worked. Yeah. Well, unfortunately, my material could not come back to me. Okay. Well, let's see. You have a great day and don't feel bad about it because it happens to most of our callers. Alright, if I most of them didn't have any to start with. You got it. Have a good one now. Bye bye. Well, he was good one. Right. Now he was honest. He admitted he had nothing to say and I liked that kind of refreshing honesty. Anyway, Steve is in the building and Steve has four open hours today and he had that real menacing BDI looking his eyes when he came in here just briefly and I have a feeling that he's going to really let it all out. He's been holding a lot of stuff back, but he's going to let it out today. You know what I'm saying? The waiting for that opened. I don't have any idea what I mean, but it sounds good. And anyway, we want to thank, no, seriously, we kind of closed the chapter on Zeta. Did you get your check? No. I have not. I checked the mail very carefully yesterday. Very carefully. You still haven't because I got mine. Yeah, I know. What does that say? You didn't get your last check? I have not gotten mine. Well, I would call there when I leave here today or before you leave and say, hey, you know, maybe there's a little oversight on your part. I think I should check the mail one more day. Okay, go home and check the mail one more time because you know, you lived down there in an unincorporated What was that? I live all of you live like in a cow pasture. Come on, you live in a tropical jungle. How am I? He over saw where he lives men in a rain for it. It's just the way I like. With these strange creatures, three legs and really bad aren't stuff going on. But anyway, we want to thank everybody for, you know, really supporting us as Zeta during those closing, traumatic weeks. And for helping us to leave there, we can look at all these numbers and say, hey, we did our thing. And if it wasn't the right people to stick a more than moon don't shine, you know, basically you're saying, like that. Well, listen, have a wonderful day. We'll be back again tomorrow from 10 to 2 and run around with sandwich boards and up and down, Lincoln Road Mall and tell all your friends because we need to have word to get out, you know, and say, especially up in Palm Beach, call out, believe and talk about us on the area. And stay tuned for Steve. He's next here on 610 WIOD.