First of all, Sunny gave us the grant for the Camilla Sunnis and I don't want to see anything bad happen. So I'm not going to be the one to circulate rumors unless so we can get to the bottom of them. Okay, you're all what I'm saying. I'm sure Sunny's listening. Well, let's hear from him. Yeah, it's 11 before 11 at WIOD and I'm on your dog radio 6th. Double. See, that's interesting. I think I had a home and now it's my fault. I didn't have the light was not on the machine. Yeah, and I punched this. I don't do my job as well when I'm constantly in it. And it didn't play. It's 1053, 74, 11 at WIOD. Boy, this is going to be one hell of a day. It's going to be one hell of a day. Oh, already. And then it turns out that we work. Next Monday, I'll be damned. That's a holiday. It's the big holiday of the year. See, there's another reason we keep telling you people don't get in this business. Yeah. That's another reason for it. There are no holidays in this business. I mean, there are days when the building is so barren that you would think they were evacuating that it was a fired-ruler something. But the talent man is still on the air. Yeah. Like, thanks. Thanksgiving. Christmas. Zookas. That was the final blow for me at the other place. Well, we had to work on Zookas. I said, Pete, take this job and shove it in. It was rough on me too. No, seriously, I even had my own personal handwritten excuse from yet to talk to them here. And it didn't do a bit of good over there. So many goamin' had place. Yeah, you're right. Today does suck Roger. Today's a nightmare. This is like a bad dream that we're never going to escape from. He's not a bad morning. Wasn't happy. Reneri was kind of sour this morning. He's getting the flu or something. Mobile. Hello. Hello, Neil. You're doing it today. Okay. This is Jeff over at the pizza law. Hey, Jeff, how are you? I'm in the middle of making your salad. Hey, that's great. Actually, now it's my own til hand since I'm on the way to work, but I have the chef working on it already. Tell me you're like Michael Kane and you're making it with somebody else's hand. Okay. You ever see that movie where it gets his hand chopped off and I'd car accident? No, I can't fool it. Well, trust me, you're lucky. Talk to him. Is it called a hand? Well, that's a, I guess it could have been called a foot or something like that. But, well, that's great, Jeff. So anyway, we'll see you in a little bit with it. Thanks. And, uh, talk to you then. Thanks a much. All right, bye-bye. Bye. Now, that's nice. 10.55. Wild, do we have a spy report from Cox on the radio? I can barely hear. Get a new phone, will you? Just a muffled band. Sounds like that station we used to work on. Yeah, it does, isn't it? Speak up. Can you hear me now? Well, so to speak. He's got more fan of the car. Yeah, really. Oh, you're in the house. No, what? Go out to the car, you car, huh? Can you hear me better now? Just a little bit, yeah. That's hard to hear me. Well, I didn't just say something. Go and tell you that Sunny was at least going to hell. I don't know how to do anymore. Officially. He's not going anymore. Really? Who's on there? The room has it behind someone from Texas. Oh, no. Not another guy from Texas. I guess. That's the room anyway. Now, who's this? Is this the Lieutenant? Perhaps. Maybe this is the full French general. Oh, the general. Wow. That Sunny was at my home on Saturday. Really? Yes. We had a birthday party for my three or four years. One in a bout ticket and your daughter. And we were discussing it Saturday. Oh, wait a minute. Romer control. There's a rumor that Sunny's going to wax you. Have you heard anything about that? I have heard some of that. But I think you're in the very guest to plan on as the deal and the wax you before that's possible. I think that's about ingrew. Ha ha. I have that on family good authority. Really? I've heard some stuff about that. I've heard that the man waxing you. He'll tell you what. It's a money problem. Really? I don't know. Well, I'm kind of this. No, what do I know? Not one in the ass. You know, I'm not a big time talk show. Those that makes billions of dollars a year. Sorry to rumors about your Christmas party over there at Power 96 this week. I'm sorry. Yeah, it was really unholy. Every time that power man, every time they do something, right away, we've got the cops in there and they're looking out of a row of kids going crazy and then Tanner starts giving all these disclaimers and man. You can't you guys keep it on the computer. Christmas party is that they are designed for the boss to have to pay for him. And if the one time a year when you get to tell him exactly what you think. Ha ha ha. Well, maybe for you. I tell him what I think every day on his show. You know, I don't think that I opinion about the partnership for much different business. But you know, we don't have a problem. Yeah, whatever you say, though. The situation I'm in right now, I probably the best on the every net and right now. Well, that's great. I felt that way too until this morning. And I just, I just, you know, I'm just in one of those movies. Listen, it's nice talking to you at the same time, but have a nice day. Yeah. I just want to tell you just in the other story. He received the letter on Saturday. You are so distorted, man. Okay. He received a letter on Saturday. That's a, uh, uh, the day the accepted his resignation. Ooh. Well, did he offer it? Or did he have the same thing did not offer it? I see. Yeah. Well, so I guess he was dismissed. Let go. But on. But on. I just, uh, I just want to say a little bit more. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. Good luck. Fine. He's got to get a new phone. Okay. With all the money he makes over there, man. He should leave. No. There's a great line in that movie, Rain Man, there's a tremendous line. Dustin Hoffman, who is like autistic, the brother Tom Cruise's brother, and they're driving from Cincinnati from the father's funeral all the way back to California. Dustin Hoffman keeps wanting to make him turn around to go back to Cincinnati to buy him a new pair of underwear at Kmart. Okay. Because he buys everything, all those clothes at Kmart. And toward the end of the movie, somebody says to Dustin Hoffman, now, don't you feel better when you put on your suit from Kmart? And he says, Kmart sucks. You have to see the whole movie. I just had to tremendous seriously with all this other depressing stuff going on. In fact, if Sunny's listening, go out and see it today because you probably got a little bit of time to do it. But Rain Man, it just trimmons one of the best ever. I wonder if Jack Dirty likes it? Probably get a review from him because it sounded like one of his friends calling in earlier a couple of calls back. Okay, we have it all night and day to be moved real quickly. 751, WIOD, it's Romar Monday, man. The rumors are flying and there's a lot of other stuff flying too, which we can't to describe on the air. And then Steve this afternoon, speaking of stuff flying. And when we come back after the news, we'll figure out what it is he's got. Okay. He's got something to do. They all, yeah, another contrived debate today, Nick Navarro, and to Joel Hirschroen, with contrived stuff on a K-N-H-O-O-O-W-I-O-D. There's Neil Rogers on New Start Radio 610, W-I-O-D. And now you know. So, rest of the story. That's what you think. Okay, to 11.05 at WIOD, and we have an open line in Broward if you move like the wind. 524946. 524W-I-D, and on Start Catling, you get those old parts real upset again when you start Catling, okay. And that's why you sound too happy. You think that's very upset. Oh, yeah. So, we got problem in this time. A bunch of craatt-yield parts, and if they don't like something, they just can't go away. They're going to change it, so they think. They're going to change it, come hell or high water, through every tactic known to man and some that haven't been invented yet. Because they got another incredible letter, which is when in the waste basket, from some doof bag in a four-later-dale, threatening the management and me and Steve and you and your silly laughter and the Steve talking about clocked watching. There are anything that this guy likes, some a station, but rather again, then turning it off and choosing to do something more productive. He's got to go through this big song in advance. And it ain't going to do him any good, okay. Not the least bit of good. And I go back to what I said. You'll imagine, I mean, I know that Howard's got a few nuts in New York and Greece, man, and all these other people, all over the country. But can you imagine the Howard Stern Show being changed because of a half a dozen wackos out there who just refused to turn it off and listen to something else? And Robin laughs as much, if not more than I said. Probably more. And I've never heard anyone. Probably more with less reason. Yes. At everything he says, literally, well, yeah, good morning. Yes. And apparently in New York City, they liked laughter. But in South Florida, they hate that. Anything that has to do with a good time, or people haven't found. And Cox didn't tell it, but the power had their Christmas party on Hollywood Beach. They returned to the crime last week. And some old people called Cops on him because party got a little out of the old old. Oh, she was a little sick and tired of these old farts, man. You know, Steve had those two shows last week with a condo, you know, the grinchies that don't Christmas, Hanukkah and socus all at the same time with the nine year old girl. And then the people with the pets that Eleanor, whatever her name was, Bernstein, that hated the pets, wants them out. Everything you want to do in this time, man, you've got a bunch of these, just the end your thought, old, the crep of the farts that want everybody to just be exactly like they are. Yeah. Then the whole time could be on schedule. You know, we could all take our methamusial at the same time. We could all put our teeth in a glass at the same time. Everybody could be on schedule. I want to talk to the story, but no need to call back, but maybe another day. No, don't let them call back on. No, no, no, no. Another day, you're going to have a good time. I think tomorrow on Wednesday, doing the show because I'm definitely getting something. That's, scratch in my throat. Uh-huh. I'm just, drink some orange juice and take care of yourself. But if, you know, everything will be fine. If you drink some orange juice, then on my diet. Oh, he remembers. You can even, you know, he's boarding house. Never saw so many ugly rumors. If this is true about what they do this Sunday, if you know, it's like, it's not absolutely confirmed or is it? No. What do you mean, no, if Don Cox just went out on the limb, oh, yeah, funny was it, Don's, uh, well, if that was true, then just about as bad as what they did to, uh, to hurry and hurry us and up in New York City when they fired him the day before Thanksgiving. Yeah, why did Christmas time? Why would you for Christmas? Wait, cut 40 lose. Yeah, a week before Christmas. What is it with these companies that they can't wait till maybe after the holidays? I mean, well, wait a minute, you, of all people you have to ask, what is it with this business? I got it. Yeah. That's pretty pathetic. This is the worst business. I remember when we were at Windsor, where somebody, I don't remember who was got canned on their birthday. That's nice. Yeah. Happy birthday, by the way, you're fired. Merry Christmas, by the way, you're fired. Yeah. I think they liked it. I believe it will. Yeah, I think they're a bunch of sadists basically. I think they enjoy it. So what's the story that is contract run out? You're out in me. I don't know when it started the whole damn rule. How the truth comes out, the man comes out of the show and starts a rumor and now he admits he didn't know a damn thing. I hate to throw it from somebody up north that he was looking around, you know, because maybe he got the vibe that he was not going to get picked up. I don't understand it because he did very well for a long time over there. I mean, yeah, they had their ups and downs, but the whole station had their ups and downs. But he did well. I think the first clue was one that is a channel 69, quick carrying the morning show about a week ago. Oh, yeah. I know that. Well, I'm sure that there were at least at least 15, 20 people watching now. Well, I was hit. I just does this business. Just busted by the business once again. So I had to call up and vent my hostility here. So in other words, in other words, today you would admit that you're not in the business. What? I say today based on a way that you just expressed yourself, you would admit that you are not connected with the business. As opposed to last week, when you went through this big song of dance, trying to deny it. Boy, I own a radio station. There's a make any difference. It's up there in a boom doc's a main somewhere. It's going to city that's not even on the map. It's a huge radio station. Yeah. Big is this room, right? Big is this studio. Hey, it's a start. Everybody's going to start somewhere. It is correct. Well, listen, it's nice to own your own station. Well, I'm checking it out with Amicosi. What I can do. All right. Well, if I don't talk to you, happy holiday. Well, I'll say to you, happy happy. And everybody's happy. Everybody's ready to blow up. So their brains out. I sure hope they don't make you work on Monday. That would be rude. They don't understand. They've already told us, you'll land us through the window. And she lifted her arm in the Italian salute and said, you guys are working Monday, okay? Is that the same? You're probably going to be the music director years ago. She's been here for 28 years. Okay? That's right. She has been everything. And like I said, the only thing she hasn't done is her own show. And next Monday, the greatest start man. You'll land the Parapar Show and at 2 on WIOD Monday only. That's incredible. She's been there all on. Yeah. Well, there's no rest for the wicked, okay? But I did fight out during the last few traumatic minutes that they are going to squeeze me into that production room one night this week. Yes. We're not exactly sure when yet, but they're going to give me a couple hours of their valuable time. And I'm going to get to do this thing. Did he bring the I'mist thing over with you? Yeah. Because when these things happen, like what happened to Sonny, I just think of what I'm a stood on the road. So no, we don't have that where we've signed that Harry Harris and we had done. Oh, no. We didn't bring that over. And we still are waiting for freeway and spig it by the way. Yeah, I saw mine. What does that mean? All that's right. You said they don't have it anymore. Yeah. God love the hero. I mean, you know, you said how great it is. I've never heard it. Yeah. Well, somebody in the, I'm sure somebody in his audience has got it. Okay. The only problem is now opening up a tape. Oh, man. You don't know what Cindy's. If you could see the mail here today, you would pass out on the floor. I mean, it's mind boggling. I should be down there helping out with this stuff. Exactly. Yeah. What the hell are you doing? Last night at Christmas shopping. Yeah. You don't likely story. No, you don't what's irritating. What's irritating, Jimmy? These people advertise things to sale in these flyers. And then you go to the store and they don't have it. By the way, when's the last time you got on Delta? Oh, no, I disagree with you. I like Delta. Well, good luck to you. Okay. I always knew there was something in your personality that I didn't like to not joke. Okay. Well, I can't agree with you on everything. I've had bad experiences with Eastern. I've never had a bad experience with Eastern. Eastern to me has been as close to perfect. In fact, when I went to Hawaii, I flew the first time I'm talking about this about four or five years ago. And I flew the first part to Denver. Don't ever fly at a Denver man on Delta because Denver that airport is like, it's impossible. They're like, they're loading 10 different planes at the same time. At the same gate. You know, I mean, it's so congested. It's brutal. On the ground, an hour and a half on one plane got put on another plane, sat in a ground, an hour and a half. That one had another technical malfunction. They finally put us on a third plane on a different airline to Ontario, California. Bus does to Los Angeles, put us up in a flee bag hotel overnight. And then the next day I got on Easter and for the last leg of my trip to Hawaii and it was paradise. Man, and the food was even great. It was like a whole different experience. Yeah, I had one bad experience with the Eastern, but I've never had a bad experience with Delta, so I don't know. Yeah, well, those are the two times you flew, I guess. No, I fly a lot. And I always take Delta if I get a chance. But you just got unlucky with them, I guess. Yeah, several times. I mean, just a succession of bad luck. Remember people like to have a paradise lands on their wing? Do you remember people like to have a press? Yeah, that was a classic airline. That's 10 soon. Yeah. Well, as it has been real uplifting, talk at the edge of John. Well, I think it's the pressing. I mean, I can't believe that they would do that till a week before Christmas. Well, believe it. No. Merry Christmas, everybody. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Hi. So 1124, I WIOD, your happiness station for the holiday season, we'll be right back. I put those two cards of cassettes in my office on Friday. And today, I couldn't open up the door. They've multiplied. Please get that master, Neil. I'm getting very nervous. I don't know. I'm coming in here tomorrow night. I just been told by the powers that the overritter, Gator radio station here, the animals over there that tomorrow night hopefully from 7 p.m. on, I can be in there for a little while. And because it's not just that that I got to do. I got all this stuff for the show. Right. You know, I don't know how you do it. One is radio station. If you don't have a chance to go in and do your stuff, you know. I've got tons of stuff that's got to be done. And then, of course, somebody said to me something about you. Well, you know, on the weekend, it's pretty open. And I said, yeah. Right. Good luck to you, pal. I'm not coming back here on the weekend anymore. I did that twice. And that was enough for me. Well, if you, if you think of, since we have to work on Christmas day next Monday, oh boy, there is no chance that I'm going to be here on Sunday. Okay. Well, you never are nine. Maybe I'll pop in on Wednesday and try to get try to get it. Make some inroads. Ha ha. Anyway, that's all I'll see by that way in the background. What? How's your diet coming, Rich? Oh, it's so first so good. I don't know. Wait, I'll weigh in on Thursday and I'll be just as surprised as you will. Great. How's your doing Neil? Why do you say it like that? Because I'm going to have a salad from pizza loft today, so that means I'm going off with what do you want me to tell you how many olives are going to be in it? Right. Okay, Neil. We'll see you on Wednesday. Bye. Bye. Boy, what a day, huh? What a day. Soon as Roger said that when we came in, we should turn right around and walk up. We didn't pay any attention to him. Let's try this mobile and brow. This ought to be real interesting. Yeah. I've been holding up for 24 minutes. Well why don't you let go, sir? The blood circulate a lot better. I let go. I don't know. I never find it again. By any way, high bird. He's talking about the steering wheel of corals. Oh, yeah, sir. I don't want to hang out. I'm the road. Neil, we don't want to get this guy in four-later day. I'll all up, said, who sent us his letter postmarked Miami by the way. Go ahead, sir. Listen, I drive for UPS and Sunday I was an excuse me. Saturday I was driving up from Miami to Orlando. That's my route. Yeah. And I happened to turn into WJNO. Huh. And there was this guy sitting in for least foulers, they were. His name is Jeff Charles. Yeah, we saw that in the paper today. Actually, made the newspaper. Not exciting. Well, I tell you what. I recorded it in a tape and I'm mailing to you. He was not. No, sir. Don't do it. I'm not interested. He was ripping you. I couldn't care less. Who he rips? Jeff Charles is he doesn't have a job. That's why he's ripping. Okay. But the thing that got to me was he filled in for Steve on this day. She when Steve was away for three days. Are you serious? And he was supposed to fill in for all three days. And after the first day, he was not invited to come back. Very critical. He was uninvited back. Oh, God. I should give you a little tip off on Jeff Charles. Okay. Well, and he was ripping the Camilla town. He said, that's a good thing you're doing. But he said, those bombs there should have go out and get a job that ones that aren't able to work. But I don't want to dignify him by repeating the kind of craft his fuse on the ear. Okay. Listen, did you ever get to see that how we're starting to take? Yeah, terrible. Okay. You had a couple of moments, but generally speaking, it was pretty how it is great on radio. He's never going to make it on TV. He has been going to do more TV shows than eight, ten people I know put it against. Never going to happen. He's not a TV person. I was last week. I was up in New York. We were visiting our folks up in Rochester. And we went down through New York City and we stopped at Macy's. And that doesn't, it just started to take. Do you remember that girl that kind of plays horsey on him? Yeah. She works there. She works in the cosmetics department. We all got to meet her over there. Great. She was signing autographs in all that. I can't say that made her pretty famous there, Neil. Yeah, but that way, yeah. Okay. You all take care and I see you. Nice seeing you. I get all the fuck you. Well, next year, boo. Okay. Bye. Bye. Very, very strange. I'm very, very, very, solder. Do you? Yeah, it's not your product. They're growing. Are they? They're working over there. It's amazing. I have a second smell. If that stuff a mile away. I can't. Yeah, I smell it now. Now I know you do. Now that I've planted the seeds in your brain. You being so, you know, I wouldn't have the impressionable. Yeah. We have an open line in Broward at 524 WIOD. WIOD. Well, well. Okay. First, I have a little announcement to make ladies and gentlemen. And we hope that Bill Mullen in our WIOD sales department is listening now. And that this might penetrate his ears. It seems that the last several days of the last week and then again today have been promoting enthusiastically and heartily the grand opening of the Margate location of Charhott. Oh, no. It also seems that there was a message from our good friends at Charhott. And thank God they are good friends. That Mr. Mullen evidently their misdermist place or a wife does earlobe with or something happened. And the Margate grand opening is postponed until January. And then we get that exciting message about the Charhott in Margate and Bill Mullen sort of a perfect day to get a bit rise. Busy filming 7 comfort part 2 as we speak. See that that's what bothers me. And I've seen this in a lot of places and this is evidently no exception. When the holidays come and everybody likes drops everything. A lot of, a lot of them loose strings. You know what I'm talking about? A lot of loose ends wind up all over the place and all over the floor and you wind up stepping on them and stepping on each other because people are more involved in not working. That's right. And all the other has arrived at close along with this time of the year. Then they are in getting their stuff together compared to this. But we got a Delta story on fun. Now they're gone. Now see what is that all about? I was going to put them right on at the head of the line and they disappeared. Mobile. Hello. Yeah. You got a light on our front? No problem. We're not the whole problem today. What do you mean by that? Well, right now when you, when you punched the button, there was a bunch of static in a delay of a couple seconds. What do you mean a delay of a couple of seconds? Why don't we run a delay on the radio? What are you talking about? I'm talking about delay before I got the stick. Now you sound fine. I know, but people don't know. Now I've got a feeling there's something screwed up. Yeah, I've got something to say. Yeah, I've got something to say. It's getting pretty stinking pondering. I don't think there's some sabotage going on. Yeah. People getting cut off and people on. Not really. In the phone company, maybe in your place, or maybe these old bags, with something. Who knows, but there's something fishy going on. I think. Anyway, I said one thing. One is that stuff. One is that. There's a little bit of a mess. There's that one. Who is that? I know. Yeah, he says you're wine. I thought he's wearing white stitches. No. I'm not wine. I'm just telling it. It's true. There's something wrong to have. And listen to your bag. Since you got back on a, and there's something definitely screwy going on. Anyway, tell you, sir. There is no debate. There is something screwy here today. That is for damn sure. And I hope you don't get a call. My kid wants to say a lot of you. Hi. Hi, don't you all like it? Hello. Hi, do you like it? My name is Amy. Oh, great. Well, how you doing? Great. Don't ask it one more time. Huh? How old are you now? Bye. Would you like to live to be six? Go. OK. 130 a W-I-O-D. And let's go to Miami, yellow. I'll. Enjoy it in the program. I really want to add somebody. Is I'm a suffering miserably, sir? I'm going to blow my brains out. I'll make it as quick as possible. I have no raw story in public. I don't know what you call. You have to term the end to for elderly Jewish ladies, that's correct, sir. No, you have to. You have to be Jewish. It's a Yiddish expression, but he can be anybody who just a big gossip. OK. So it would also pertain to the men. Sure. Sure. I'll stand in a line the other day. Yeah. You can. I'll stand in a line in public the other day. And I was usually I had my week supply of food. It was a little guy and back me with his wife both, but very silver hair. The lady in front of me was reading one of those national scandal rags and just moved up a little bit. There was a like a person like between my cart and the people ahead of us. But the guy says he says, well, I wanted to move up already. You know, and I said, well, you know, I pushed my cart, but I didn't move it on. I said, you're happy with that. He says, yeah, he says something to the effect of all these people all, like these youngsters we can't stand it. Oh, they should give us our own supermarket. Oh, my God. I'm going to tell him, and without even thinking, I just wanted to get a life. And he's brought to just, I should have known. He was funny. He listened to that Nazi neo-rages. Terrific. You believe it? Yes, I do, sir. And this is public. And you know what he made such a think about this nail? The manager heard what was going on. He came over and opened up a special line. So this guy can pay for his nights worth food. That's a beautiful, yeah. Yeah, I was doubtfully going to lift her then I did eat the food. That's way wise at one day at a time. It's incredible. And I just, and passing, I like to say something about the Knowshouse. Some police officer would date County in many, many times over the past couple of years. They have always given us the extreme consideration cooperation. And we've come across people who have been stranded for one reason, another man. Brother Paul is an exceptional. And I just, I plead with everybody else not the heart's going to holidays because they do it to the home. Yeah, they sure do. Thanks a lot. Yes, sir. Appreciate it. Good day. 132 at WIOD. We have an open line in date. Like lightning, like some kind of a lunatic in heat. 751-9463. That's 751-WIOD. We'll go to Lanternah. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I just wanted to talk to you about how you have to work all the time. Are you working on Christmas? Thank you. Yeah. I've been working the last four years. I've worked every holiday that there's been working a restaurant. And I've worked a work Christmas. And you're going to pretty sick and tired of it, aren't you, sir? Yeah, very well. Well, if I were you, I've walked in here. You can work today later. Yeah, of course. Well, I've gone here today and told him to drop dead. I don't know. Okay, then you can spend the holidays with us. You can come over here and hang out. You're spirit time. If you haven't worked. Yeah. Well, it's a rough world, sir. There are some people just with no heart. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Every Saturday, Sunday, I work every holiday. Okay. Well, listen, we'll be looking for it next two Mondays. And I know Steve will especially be looking for your company because he is apoptlectic about this. In fact, I think we may have to take some action. We may have to do something really dire about this and solve the problem. You know, I go on strike. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. He's upset. Yeah. He is foaming it the mouth. He may have Nick Navarro do something about this. I'm 34 at WIOD. Little news update coming up and we'll come right back. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Yes, sir. Deal? Do you have a little delay, sir? Huh? Oh, boy. We needed a good comedian like you today, sir. We're going to brighten up our day. Are we all smart, I just like you? How the hell are you doing? Oh, terrific. Well, I'd like to say hi to the bird. Unbelievable. You're fabulous, bird. Thank you. I've got a son Neil on vacation. More off. Okay. That sounds good to me, sir. I'll be happy to start tomorrow. That sounds great. I'm well, you're not complaining, are you? No. Okay. Um. By the way. Right off, I'd like to say I saw the movie. What fabulous movie. Rainman. Yeah. It's great. It is tremendous. It's one of the best I've ever seen. Oh, unbelievable. Okay. We haven't a little conference about that log now. Okay. Please, let's not do that anymore. Okay. We'll forgive her today. I mean, she can make a mistake. But we don't do them twice in the same hour, where we got all these other ones in there. You know what I'm saying? Let's spread them out a little bit. Okay. My mind can only do so many things. Neil. Go ahead, sir. I'm getting very emotional. I'm about ready to have a nervous breakdown right on the air. Don't interrupt me, won't talk. Oh, I'm sorry. I mean, you didn't do that. No, they're not. I'm not. I'm not. I mean, you didn't do that. No, I'm not. I'm not. Go ahead. I'm. Well, that's your line. I told you. Oh, it's just that there's some other stuff on the log that didn't belong on this show today. I understand it's a holiday. There's a lot of pressure that wild party the other night. We understand they split some goodies in the, you know, beverages. Go ahead, sir. I got a little, uh, a pipe. That is correct. Okay. That's cool. Well, the move. I want it. What amazing. What is that? All right. I started joking around. Um, Anyway, it's 20 till two. Thank you. At Wild. I don't understand you. I mean, because I'm not really paying much attention. But I'm at least keeping a half an ear open so that, you know, why I am paying attention. Do you know what I mean? The frightening thing. Yeah. I've been able to follow all. Okay. Now, this is going to make you feel better. Okay. This call is not. Yes. It's from Bill Glade. Hello. Good answer. Yes, sir. Our user. Great. So when do I, you know, first of all, that, uh, until time you came to WID, I'd never heard you before, but I enjoy your show very much. Well, thank you very much. I also got an old file report from Ocachovia. Call from Bill Glade, but I really live in Ocachovia. Well, that's your problem. Yeah, I know. Being a whole lot, I have a paper one. No, the, um, a couple of weeks ago in the Ocachovia news, if you can believe even having newspaper out there, there was one of the local residents wrote into complaint about the old parts. Come out. Here's come down there, we went or do the station, whatever it is they do. Yeah. Complaining you about this now, about the, but the biggest thing she was willing on was the house flow they drive. Well, about two days later, because the paper went comes out every three days. Uh, one of them responded. And this is exactly what they said. They said the reason we drive so flow is because we don't see well. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Like not more than two, three feet in front of them, and no peripheral vision at all. No, right? As a matter of fact, I want to tell you a little story. My mother has a lady friend who's about 85, and this woman just went to the driver's license bureau to get her license renewed. And she took the eye test and barely passed it. And they gave her a full six year renewals till when she's 91. And this is a woman who has virtually no peripheral vision whatsoever. Her night vision is virtually not existent. And she's got a six year license to go out there and murder anybody she runs into. Oh, I, the last time I got my license renewed, there was a guy who had to abandon at least 90. With standing line in front of me, he couldn't read what he had to read. They got him call his wife up and kill him a hand reading the card so they could tell. So if he killed his wife and dreamed of it, he would help him. Got the card to grow away. Oh, beautiful. Yeah. Only an oak a child, right? Yep. No, no, not only an oak a child, but you see all over San Florida. And I part of the Florida syndrome. Oh, right. But I just want to watch you. Enjoy your show. I have to admit, the first day, the first day you're on Steve King show went up before you came there. I didn't think I was going, I didn't think I was going to like you. I thought you were rude and obnoxious and everything. And you still are, but it shows great. That's correct. That's the idea. What else can have a great day up there? You two sir. Bye. Okay. Now Paul Jr. This is your last chance. What are they talking about rude and obnoxious? Any idea? Listen, I turn on I. Now before you go ahead since it's been on here so much anyway, waiting another moment will make any difference. No. See, I like having everywhere else I have ever worked doing a talk show. I've had my own copy of the log for the hours that I'm on here. Right. And I see here they don't do that. They don't give you the copy of the pages because they want you to be like the prisoner of Roger and Nick in there so that they can manipulate. I like to be able to look ahead. I don't like surprises, okay? Like that one hotel chain. That's a no surprises. I don't like surprises. So I like to be able to look at the whole log and see how it's laid out. And whether maybe there might be something to be changed around as opposed to coming to like a dead end. You don't I mean like that road that Zed is on to. They turn the corner around the dead end street. And then fighting that it's too late to do anything. Like Cornedis brothers and sister Rose said it's too late to turn back now. Hey, don't I'm saying? Good dog. Yeah, it is a good dog. Yeah, it is a good dog. Anyway. What's going to like that? And it's not the Cornedis brother. It's Cornedis brothers. It's Cornedis brothers. Right? But everybody know that. No, they don't. I hear these idiot Jocks saying, yeah, here are the Cornedis brothers. There are no Cornedis brothers. And if there are any Cornedis brothers, they're not on that record. Speaking of idiot. Yes. The smile I called, I turned into a, Reneri. Listen to sure. Come on. Now don't do that. I'm going to hang up on your screen. Come on. Listen. Listen. I called the listen to Shula Sheldon's morning. And guess who called to give the time in the weather? Soon as I clicked the channel on it was Ed. Reneri was talking to Ed. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Is that something new or that something that goes on all the time? Good day. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I don't know. Listen. It's not something new. Ed has been calling lately. He calls Reneri all the time. There's nobody else's a crazy enough to put him on. Oh, okay. In fact, I heard this morning a lot. You know, you hear Mike on there and you hear Gil Seagull. I don't know where Reneri is. Sorry. But the sunny better get back from Gainesville and Hawaii. I started that right now. Listen, Friday we're talking about that witch at the trouble. No, I didn't say she was a witch. Well, whatever. No, she's not a witch at all. She's just not interested in doing her job. She's interested in being a yenta. I think yenta would be a better word than witch. Well, she had her back to me. Probably the same day. She had the cards like she had the card. Exactly. Exactly. She wouldn't let him go. You know, I try and get through there as fast as I can. And though she would not let it go. I drove through it. It slipped out of my hand. He is not an at least bit interested in giving you that toll card. She's having a conversation with the young lady that works on the other side. And they're talking about their personal lives and their dates. And this and that and they're just carrying a hot kind of trying to about nonsense. Yeah. And she and do a job. And I was somebody would tell her at least at least make it look good. At least face toward the traffic. So it looked like she somewhat interested in giving the cards out. Well, they got an interesting, they got a new guy working there. His name is Doug Ray board. He's working this second booth. You may want to take a look at him. Oh, no. Come on. What are you doing that for? What do you mean? I mean, I want to take a look at him. Well, he's risen. He's risen. So what about him? Why do I want to take a look at him? He's at least nice presence. Good day. And I thought that was going to be improved me too. Oh, really? He's out of control. He really is. Now, he needs to be rested. He does. He's got to be sent to the bullpen. And rest for at least at least until after the new year. Okay. What is it, today? The 19th year. No more Paul to laugh to the new year. You got to be aired out. But he can call a nary. I don't care who he calls. But not this show. Okay. You can call a Jeff Charles for like here. Good. We call Jeff. What's his name from that corny quishio? Corny quishio. That's out of KFI from Moespaumbi. Jeff, you know who I'm talking about. That old hack was been in all those corny quishios. Jeff. Jeff. Oh, Jeff. Oh, Jeff. He-oh-f-n. Oh, that Jeff. Oh, I don't know. Jackpot. He was on Jackpot. Oh, that other guy with a coat. Oh, you mean Jeff, GE-oh-f-f. Don't you know who I'm talking about? I think so. He's from West Palm Beach. He's terrible. He's on our sister-in-law station KFI in Los Angeles. Yeah. Jeff. Jeff. Somebody's got a call in and tell us the last name going to go nuts. Oh, Jeff. Oh, okay. Oh, my head. All right. While we're thinking about that, we have an excellent call in date here. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Yes. Are you? Well, I think you are. Well, see if I were a psychic, I would have some way of knowing. I made his grace rug. Your name is Grace Rogers? Yes, I'm a Rogers. Oh, isn't that great? Well, that's not my real name, so I don't think we're really going to thank you. I know. Can I know you're kind of crazy? Yeah. Well, I like you, crazy. There's put in the point. Yeah. In a point. Yeah. Two points. Not in a point. Oh, you said in a point, so I assume that's what you'll do. I assume that's what you'll do. Because you know, I met you in the, uh, pancreepy pride a couple of weeks ago. No, you didn't meet me in pancreepy pride. You're, I don't shop in pancreepy pride. I'm not on the 41st street. No. Yes, you were. Pancreepy pride. Okay. Whatever you say. Yeah. You know, unlike you, at four point in pancreepy pride. Yeah. But you know, I shop there all the time. Don't rush over to pancreepy. Hello. Yeah. I know. What is it that you want? What is really the point since you said those words? I like your healer. I don't really care whether you like it or not. Okay. I know. You don't have to. Not interested in the audience. Yeah. And the audience. Shut up. Oh, this must be one of those classy ladies in the audience. Shut up. Oh. Yeah. Getting a little test. I called to you and I said, I enjoy your program. That's obvious. Yeah. And you're having fun. Yeah. Sure. It sounds like it. Yeah. Shut up. Shut up. Ha ha. No, listen to me. Can I say something to you? Yes. I love you. No. Oh, yeah. It's obvious. Shut up. Oh. Can I ask you something? Yes. I'm great. How long have you been undergoing psyche after you? Not really. No. No. Well, I think now would be a good time. I don't think you're going to be a shot up in the middle of the night. Good day. Well, that was wonderful. I didn't know I told you that would get you out of that deep depression that you were in the back of that. And I'll see you get a pantry private race. I thought that she pride was out of business. Didn't you? And they got a couple left. I got you got me on a leave of worries. Okay. Maybe she ran into fat rich. I don't think you'll charge a pantry, but I don't.