The opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station Now here's Neil Rogers on New START Radio 610 WIOD The opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station Now here's the opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station Now here's the opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station The opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station The opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station The opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station The opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station The opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station The opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the station You know, all the other crap. What's that? What is this? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? Anything you might enjoy is a good idea. Good day. It's 11 o'clock at WI-D. Well, that's the real master piece. That's something that will have the needles of broadcast history for a long time. The mail is here and which is having an nervous breakdown. It's actually crumbling before our very eyes. There are at least two cartons of mail here today. Most of them tapes. Which checks? I would say we did pretty well today. Now, what do we have? We had 20,699. So we need about 4,300 today in a moral aisle. That's going to be tough. To make 25,000. Nothing went to prize me at this point. But anyway, we were speaking earlier to a nick and he said that he would make up the difference whatever it is. So we've all 1500,000 sure. No problem. Okay, let's start in sunrise. Hello. Hi, Neil. Happy holidays to you and the bird. What's the same to you? I love your show. You guys are terrific. I know. I live in sunrise now and I'm trying to get out of this blue head town. Please. Oh, it is such a sad day to say I'm a couple of locks from the lakes and let me go out of lock. Oh, no. You don't want to know. I have got to get out of here. So what do I do? I go take a ride out to Tempac Point and I'm looking at these houses in the middle of nowhere. They call it chapel trails. They're not kidding. They get that far enough away from the center. Village from sunrise lakes. I can be alone. Let me go check it out. So they have nice homes. Everything's a piece. Yes, before I move here, let me go to one of their city commission meetings because you know how sunrise is. I don't want anything remotely similar. So I go to Tempac Point City Commission meeting last night. Brain dead, cretons, do not the word. These elected officials aren't embarrassment to society. Nobody knew what was going on. It was a three ring circus and ring leader was Mayor Flanagan. Three ring circus, huh? Oh, my god. What a see. Why didn't you come live to be in beautiful plantation with those of a civilized folks? Is that where I need to come? I don't know. It's too close to sunrise. I figured you don't know. No, no, no. I'll just don't venture north of sunrise Boulevard. That's all. We got a beautiful new pubics there on Claribull of Arden. Everything is wonderful. The one on Nautilrode. Whatever it is, you know, Bill. Okay, that civilized out to you, sure. Yes, it's great. We want to have a few 90 year old bag boys, but nothing is perfect, you know. Oh, my god. Well, I'm going to have to take a look because I have renamed Tempac Point's Tempac Peanus and I really can't handle this. This is ridiculous. I mean, it was unbelievable. Yeah. I lived in Tempac Lakes for two years, so I'm not unfamiliar. Although I lived there all young people. We used to throw the old people out. Oh, God. We saw anybody over 30. We'd put them on a bus. Well, you'll plantations where it's happening, huh? Well, I wouldn't go that far. You know, we got the new Macy shopping center and a Broward Mall and, you know. Yeah, I hit it building something with some grass mall. The saw grass, yeah, with a lot of frogs in it. Yeah. No, they are. That's how it went sunrise. Yeah, it's supposed to be the biggest mall in the south eastern portion of the continent. That is correct. We just loads of stuff. We just need another mall. We just need another mall. We just need another mall. And a few more strip shopping centers would be good too. Yeah, of course. No, check it out. I'm telling you. Plantation is where it's at. Okay. Well, if you say so Neil, I'm going to look into that. I thought it was too close to sunrise, so I wanted to go farther away. No, no, we're putting up a wall anyway starting after the holidays. Okay. Good. Tell me when you're going to stop building. I'll come out there with my construction uniform. Okay. Good luck to you, dear. Okay. Bye. Bye. A lot of people bet the lotter. A lot. Not too many wind. This is Michael Jackson. I just want to say hi to all my fans. I love each and every one of you. I want you to know that I gained 10 pounds. Yeah, throughout now I weigh 53. Well, Linda will be happy to hear that. It's 1114 at WIOD. And I want to thank Larry and Diane and Jensen Beach. 300 dollar check for Camila's house. Gosh. On. Unbelievable. If you got a great line in here, it says the number one rule for condo living is a lot of people are going to be happy to hear that. It's easier to get forgiveness than it is to get permission. Which I think speaks for itself, right? Okay. It's quarter after 11. Steve will be along at two. I have no idea what he's doing. I don't have any of my sheets out today. I feel like a clansman, a naked clansman. My sheets are all someplace else. Is he got a guest today? Nick is looking at. He does. He does have a game. He's bringing it in here, which is really going to be pondressed by the time he gets in here. I can't wait. But it's important. Today is one of those atheist. No, it is. A Reverend Dwight Porter, who's only been on a show 400 times this month. An atheist John O'Neill. And it says on the sheet here, an atheist debate just in time for Christmas. And then on sports talk, and the six o'clock hour, sunny, you'll be on live from Hawaii. Let's see. That means it's okay because it'll be around noon. Out there. It's six hours different. And then at seven o'clock, Joe will be here with Gary Stevens, the guru of U of M's offense. What a way to put it. So I'm just coming up at six ten. All right. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah. Hi. You show is really great. I love it. I know. Excellent. One thing. Your side kicks real pot. He does the worst Edmund man impressions I've ever seen. Ho ho ho. You know what I mean? It's like kill him. Well, I'll tell you what. You know, when you have your own show, you have any sidekick you want on. Yeah. But I'm saying he can't take contributes. Nothing to your show. You show the a lot better with a better sidekick. Sorry. But you're talking to the sidekick right now. Face to face. Don't talk about me like on the third person. Phone to phone. Okay. Phone to phone. Yeah. Well, you do is laugh. Well, do you think you could do better? Better job. You know, when Neil's not here like when he goes on vacation or he's sick like I do the show myself. Would you like to do that? Here we go. Huh? Personally, that's not my field of interest. Uh-huh. Then why are you criticizing me then? Because when he is there, you can contribute nothing. Boy, what a Christmas spirit this guy is in. Well, thanks a lot for your real, uh, a helpful suggestion. Can contribute more to the show and you'll be all of that. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. How old are you? 21. No. 21. Hmm. What's your first name? Huh? What's your first name? Frankie. Frankie. Yeah. Okay, Frankie. You've been a real help. Yeah, there he goes. She or I couldn't figure out what's in it. I think it was a girl. Tell him like a girl to me. Well, that's why I asked the name and I thought they would clear it up and I was Frankie and I. Frankie, I. Frankie, I. Obviously, I was Frankie and Johnny. That's a girl if I ever heard a girl. Even if it is a guy, it's a girl. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I understand a question. Wellington, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. How you doing today? Just great. I'm a pond. I cannot build a pole. I'm a pond. I cannot believe this. I went through the pole plaza at Lake Worth and the lady gave me my 20-sage change in pennies. Well, I was probably a little Christmas gift for you, sir. I cannot handle this. This is not right. I demand my freedom. Yeah. Well, good luck to you. Well, okay. I'll start a bird. Just give me that out of that God forsaken area. Anybody wants to go to Lake Worth anyway. You need to hear your name. You're not going to blow your brains out, all right? No, I'm not. I'm definitely coming back to Miami where I belong. Okay. Well, were you belonging in Miami? Look at this. We got an old Reagan door, man. What? That's cute. That's cute. Bird. How you doing? Well, fine. You'll feel expect to be reading chords with the other stations, million and one. Things you have to read real quick with their old classic rock and roll. Yeah. Hey, the new billboards are up. I'm glad you mentioned that the new billboards are up. They finally got my name off their station. Thank God. You're in the one that I saw on I-95. You can't even see the Zeta. I mean, most of it is off. Seriously, it's off the billboard. That's good. You only have three half of that time because it was unfortunate. I was sitting at a stop light. And if you read it, you'll see Elton John's name twice. You'll see the doors twice. You'll see the last one. They play such a limited number of artists. They couldn't fill up the whole billboard. They must be a real bunch of douche bags over there. That is correct. With a couple of exceptions, they're a couple of nice people over there. But they'll get out. Okay. One last thing, Neil. Yeah. Good day. Okay. Excellent call. 11. 19. At WIOD. Yesterday, I had a great experience on the turnpike. Speaking of that, getting off at these sunrise exit. I don't know. Getting my ticket. I'm sorry when I got on at the Golden Glades. Interchains. The young blonde lady was not there. Or you look. Her sidekick. The one that she always talks to. She was there. And she was actually facing the motorists. And she was handed out to tickets very quickly. And the echo like she knew what she was doing. You mean the one who usually just laughs. The idiot who just laughs. And it's nothing to show. And I said to her, you better get a new sidekick. Because that sidekick a year is that it's nothing to your show. And she said, well, maybe that's your opinion. And I said, are you a girl or a gun? That's for you to figure out. And I said, El Paso. And she said, just take a quick lift. 20 pounds to 11. We have an open line in Palm Beach. 655 WIOD. You know, I saw, you never guess who I saw in a hall. Briefly, as I was going down the hall or during the New York. Yeah. Time to dinner. Was in a hall again. I have about any of another problem. Every account this man had, including a council I brought over here that I've never had any problem before. Who get tremendous response with Tom. If they don't have a problem, he convinces them that they do have one. Okay. Someday. No, seriously, if I live long enough, someday I will pass this man in the hall or he will come into this room, and he will tell me something good. There will not be a problem. It'll be great news. There won't be anything complex or confusing. I want to tell you, pizza law is a great place and I'm delighted to have him as a sponsor. Jeff is a super guy's brought a spoon. He's got a heart of gold and their food is tremendous. Elizani is the best in the world. They're pizza is super sensational. And I'm delighted to have him on. And what he has done to them with that multi-lasagna. I mean, that is so good. Even I haven't got any idea. Even they over there don't understand what he's talking about. Okay. So you're right Tom. We are going to make you into a celebrity, into a monster in your own time. Yeah. From the Larry Kent School of Radio Giants. It's 21 past 11 and here's what is that? Why are you giving me cassettes? Oh, they're stuff on us? Freeway and Spigot. What? No. No. No. This is a tape for dubs. What does that mean? What about freeway and Spigot? Didn't someone call and say they can use it? Yeah. This is Neal Bitz. It says on it. Or Neal Bitz. And that one says for Bitz how long is that cassette? 90. Well, that's what that is. This is mine. Okay. It says, enclosed is my check for the Camille Sounds and two cassettes. One is for your Bitz. The other is for you to make a copy. Or please return both of them. Freeway and Spigot. And keep up the good work. Well, how the hell are we going to do that? That's to be. Oh, thanks so much. Thanks a heap. Oh, they made it so complicated. Maybe we can get Tom Denberg in here to straighten this out. Yeah. I'll have you so confused by the end of the hour that you'll be blowing your brains up. Bye bye bye bye bye. I'm going to make it that up either. I know. It's true. Okay. It's 22 past the hour. Frank with a cold in Palm Beach, Chillow. How you doing, Leo? Okay, Frank. I heard your call the other day when the sunny cold in a match. You're going to make a car $1,000. Yep. I'll match $1,000. It's great. Thank you, Frank. And if you don't make your 25, I'll cover the difference on that too. Permanent is what a guy. You know what it is. No. You don't know what it is. No. Oh, I've got a bad cold. I have a terrible cold, but I was one of your sponsors on 940 when you were there. You came over and found out my office and we had a nice long talk. I don't want to identify myself on the hair because every time I do, I get a lot of hate calls. Really? That's a surprise. That's what my favorite song is. The Vatican Rack. Great. Well, listen to your song. You should be able to know who that is from that. But anyway, your board on, I told him what I was. The check will be dropped over there tomorrow. Thank you, Frank. I appreciate it. I hope you're feeling better. Oh, God. Three days have been held. I'll bet. Just wait until next three. Thanks a lot. Bye. That's great. 23 past 11 at WIOD. We have an open line in Palm Beach. If you move quickly now, we're Frank just hung up and I really do appreciate it. That's great. 6, 5, 5, WIOD. We'll be right back. D. What the first you get down on your knees. It'll win your rosaries. We bow your head. We have a great respect. Send you back, send you flex. Send you flex. Send you flex. You know whatever steps you want if you have clear. If you have clear them with the content. Everybody says on theory. Layers on doing the landing and ride. Get in line in that procession. Step into that small confessional. There's a guy who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original. If it is, try playing it safer. Take the wine and chew the way for those two dogs. For six days. Find the trans-obsession. Yes, down upon your knees. Fill in your rosaries. Now your head with faith. Respect and change your flex. Take your cross on your abdomen. When in Rome do like a Roman. I'll be Maria. Chiefs go to see her. Can't accept it. I'm going to do an abatting an ride. Okay, Frank, that's for you. Maybe 27 past 11 at WIOD. We have a little crisis here again today. Very minor, not related to the one we had yesterday. One related to food. And we just had a fist fight with Sharon who was acting a little Sirling this morning. But I understand she's a little under the weather still. She's acting little hysterical. And we forced her to call flores for our lunch. And Rich was going to go pick it up. And as it turns out, nobody answers the phone. And that seems fairly logical to me because it is three days before Christmas. So anyway, see Carmine today is Thursday. Have a feeling Carmine is not there. He goes to the track. Every Thursday. So he says. Yeah. He does. And if that's the case, then they may not be listening over there. They may just have played hooky in state home and said, hey, to help with you, Carmine, we're taking the day off to or something. I doubt that very much. So anyway, the fact that we wanted those two anti-pasto salads and the steak and cheese sub or whatever it is you eat every day, I guess that's just going to fall on deaf ears and excuse us. And since it is Thursday and Linda will be coming from Newtis just in later, at least we want to have to account for how many extra olives we had for lunch today. Okay. So in other words, what I'm trying to say is we have a desperate situation. And I don't for the life of me know why on Thursday, for example, we couldn't have had some good stuff from Davy come down, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, for me certain cafe one of our fine sponsors with that incredible food like they brought. But again, you know, see they're not looking out for us. These salespeople, we feed the whole building. But they're just not looking out for us the way they should be. Although Tom is certainly looking out for us, boy. Now, how am I seeing him now? I get so depressed. Now, Roger, the dean you talk about all the salespeople and all the people in the office didn't. Yeah, I'm sure he did. Yeah, sure. He just talked about salespeople who died 20 years ago. I'm not making that up every time I see him. He's got some sad story. And I mean, here we've got this mountain of mail. It's amazing to me, for example, other people in the sales department tell me about many of the accounts how delirious they are. They're getting tremendous response and it's just a delirious and all this. And, but Tom is just, I don't know. Got that head kind of hung down to that floor, which in his case doesn't take a lot about two feet. How much am I named my new year? Whatever you do, bye bye, don't mention it. 29 past 11 at WIOD. Let's go to Miramar. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Just great. You know, you mentioned Debbie Ellis in the last hour. Hey, Monster in the business, sir. That is for sure. You know, she made an appearance in the land of the walking dead last week. Where we're off also at on the Tollandale. Well, for that station, Debbie does hell and deal, huh? Yeah, I guess he was guarding up some listeners visiting some of our listeners. That's a great place to find them. No question about it. Boy, I fact you probably visiting some of the children of her listeners. Some in their 80s and 90s. Have you ever seen that movie Dawn of the Dead? No. Where are the zombies in the shopping mall? Oh, sure. Have you ever been to the movies to see zombies in this time, my friend? Have you ever been to the Diplonat mall? Yeah. We once did a remote from there in which we made Mr. Intendolid look like a jackass. Which wasn't hardy to show it up. You would notice a great similarity between the Diplonat mall and that movie. Yeah, see the problem is I usually park on the other side of the street if I want to go to the Diplonat mall. And I can never get there. Yeah, I guess all the old people are like that fence over there. Yeah, I was wondering, did you ever get Elvis's everywhere? Did you ever bring that back? No, I've got it at home on it. I was going to put it on that master and I forgot. Certainly wasn't going to go all the way home to get the SCD and not only that. I'll bring in in one day next week. I promised that I'll play it on a year and then anybody who doesn't have it, who's too cheap to go out and buy the CD or the record, they can tape it. Well, well, maybe you can play the I-95 song later then. Well, maybe I can. Maybe you can, Ed. Or not as a case, maybe. I'd like to say that out who works at the Lake Fort Threck is a big goose bag. Okay. Have a great holiday, sir. You do. 1131, a WI-OD, the checks are just, we got like a mountain of male hearing in today. Rich is just wondering why he ever got himself into this and I said at the beginning, are you sure you want to do this? And he said, absolutely. He said, I can't think of anything I'd rather spend my time doing than helping out these wonderful folks get their cassette tapes. It's for a very good cause. And of course, the boons in the box are for a good cause, too. Anybody who doesn't have their own boon in the box, this holiday season is really missing out. So, what are we to side about the food? We don't want to make a big production out of this because we're not eating that much anyway, some of us, but, you know, we're certainly not going to starve to death. Are we? Definitely not. Okay. But you don't think that they're coming from the Armadillo cafe. Probably a little short notice. I'm just a little boy. I'm thinking back to that hot crab ravioli. And that incredible tenderloin with the onions. How many peas do you have? How many olives? I, what are their three olives? Four olives? Come on. Too many onions. Anyway, it's 1132 at WIOD. Want to tell you about Nutri system right now? Oh, which is very timely. Well, we'd lend it to get a little bit hysterical, but we're doing just fine. Okay. D. Well, I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to get a hold of Denhamberg and I'm going to tear every hair in his head. Out. Okay. They have taken the other piece. Now, let me tell you what that was about our little conversation. Because I don't like to let the audience in on the inside. They will get to Donas in incredible carton. There were two pieces of copy in here for a lot of taverned, which is one of my favorite restaurants in the world. It's an incredible Italian restaurant. It's so good that I can't begin to tell you. And there are two pieces of copy. One of them had the phone number. And somebody, I'm not sure who it was. Took the other piece of copy out. He's constantly coming into this book. I'm going to break his arm. Is Denhamberg in a building? Starring those pictures we were supposed to see. Now, because that's coming up in the next break. And I want to give their phone because they're having a special thing on Christmas even New Year's Eve. And I don't have the number in here because they took the other piece of cut. Oh, I see. Look what they did. They stuck it in the back. Now, who do you think did that? Some smart ass is coming in here messing with my book. Anyway, it's 11.37. I don't want to get hysterical again like yesterday. But God, Almighty, some people take things that are so simple. They make them so complicated. I'm talking about me on the air. Anyway, here is a card. And the midst of all is mounted of Mayo. All is so these checks and great stuff coming in. I don't see a check in it, by the way. But it doesn't. It doesn't. Dursh, douchebag. That's printed on the card with a picture. It must be done on the front. Holding the end of the bag. Yeah, there you go. Talk about being left holding the bag. Dursh, douchebag. Why is it that you can call me an asshole? Play the I-95 asshole song. Steve just used the word age. But I respond to your statement about staying. And I call him an asshole and you cunningly believe it. I didn't believe it. Did you? Did you? He did. Don't be bleepin' stuff. He did. He's getting a little carried away in there. I'll take care of the bleeping. Okay, I'll take care of all the bleeping. If I wanted on the air, I'll be responsible for it. But if we're saying the word on the air or playing records with it, then don't go bleepin' stuff. So he's got too much power in there. We need to render him a little less power crazy in the other studio there. And you cunningly bleepin' which I didn't do knicked it that and he will never do it again under penalty of death. Leaving the audience to believe I used a major vulgarity, underlined major. Right, right. Which is the impression you meant to leave. Smart radio, bleeper and then hang up. Pressure two great. You can't go one-on-one with anyone except the veggies, Allons and stems of the world. Not only do you insist upon reading my letters on the air to get a show, you now have to read the only letter I've ever written to Steve and the last underlined. I'm going to stop supplying you with shows in my material which you've borrowed for years. Good day and goodbye forever. Throw this in the trash because I won't hear you anyway. Rose must be saying thank God, Disney, WIOD, got him. Nothing if that station suits you either. Donna. Now what are we going to do without her material now? I'm really, I don't know. I probably have to a fold up shop here. Good. Lord, this is crisis. Better tell Denimburg about it. I'll be running up and down. No more Donna material. Oh no. Man, I'm Tanya. Boy, what a severe day. Without Donna, I just have no idea. What is she doing anyway? What are you doing? Are you helping out? We'd much rather have lunch. Anyway, it's 11 to 40, 20 to noon. That's serious. SWI would not joke about that. So that's it. See what you can do. Four is as close today. I'm not buying that for a second. Okay. I mean, it's impossible. They might be closing the laughter Christmas. You know those folks over there. They've got a great sense of humor. And if that's the case, then we'll probably have to ask for the Armadillo Cafe to come all away from Deggy, which they're definitely not going to do. But, um, Pinto, I would be sensational. But Jeff, I'm going to come all away over here again. Something a little more substantial in that salad salad was great. About 40 pounds of it. It was tremendous. But something a little more of substance. You know what I'm saying? Substance. Yeah. And then Linda will come very quickly and say, BABBABBABBABB. Let's get an old. You know, let's get in pond to read all these people are, BABBABBABB. Just everybody mind your own business and leave us alone. We'll do everything in our own sweet good time, all right? So here's a good stack of checks for your share and just to have a good time with that. And let's take a call from Miami. Hello. Hi. Yeah. Yeah. I was wondering if you can go ahead and you kind of a different name on when you say Doosh bags to all of them. Could you kind of use it off? What about like a a sippledic leopard doosh bag? Or something like, I mean, really get that intense meaning. Okay. Let's move right along. Let's go to here's a guy wants to direct the show. Yeah. We've got all these directors now. Leave us alone. That's what you just saw. Kindle. Hello. Yeah. I don't want Neo. It's Rick. The photographer. Rick the photographer. Oh, this is a shock. This is a truly shocking experience. No joke. How's the butt looking duck? Rick. Are you looking for trouble already? I get a feeling everybody in this place is looking for trouble. Yeah. Just an, I think, 75 pound trouble. Don't pick on Sonny. Okay. He's a good guy and they just give him a real screwing, which is part of the course in this business. Oh, man. You ought to know that. Poor guy. So what are you doing these days? Oh, I just started an e-job and I'm waiting to get paid. I've been working for like 1500 days and I haven't paid me yet. One of these big lines that are always losing money. Really? Can't imagine which one I've got. I wonder, huh? Yeah. So anyway, when you get married, Rick? Uh, next year. 89. Yeah. The magic number. Well, I'll be damned. Yeah, I'll be too. We ought to have the wedding on the year. That would be exciting. Are you crazy? No. Oh, yeah. But I mean, that has nothing to do with it. It's a great idea. Here everyone. What else is new? Weeping in the background would be just emotional. I know. I would be weeping, too. Yeah. I'm sure. Well, not much. We're just hanging out here having a great time waiting for, Sharon to go call us order in for lunch. Got it, diet now? That's great, man. You have lost almost 20 pounds, Rick. That's great. The shadow of my former self. I'm fading away. And fat rich looks like slim pickins over here. Almost. What is your goal? What is my goal? Me all. You're asking the wrong person at a question, Rick. 72 pounds. Well, that's not enough. It's only got about 50 to go. That's all right. I'm looking to take you. It's going to till when I'm wherever I'm done. Okay. I'm not in any hurry. I've carried this stuff around for a long time. And I'm not in any big hurry. When I lose it, I lose it. Are you listening, Linda? When I lose it all, I'll lose it. So if I have a couple extra olives, don't get hysterical, all right? So now you're back on AM. Yeah. Everything. Good deduction, Rick. Huh? Good deduction, excellent. Seems like you've speeded up a little bit since we talked last time. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I thought he was hysterical because I tried him twice for the track. And I figured, well, we won't hear from Rick anymore. Well, you know, I lose the knot with kind of a yo that day. Yeah. Why? Well, I just, I listen. I was a bad day when you're in this business. You have a lot of bad days. You come in. Can I give you an example? I was, this is not contrived or made up. This is a true story. I was coming in yesterday. And I was driving over the causeway in my beautiful Corvette. And I was looking at the water. And I was thinking to myself, everything is great. Everything is wonderful. You know, it's been great being over here. And I'm making all this money and life is marvelous. And everything. And I live in that fantastic house. And everything is sensational, right? And by 1230, I was ready to blow my brains out here. Okay? Why? Well, you didn't hear the show yesterday, huh? I heard a little bit of it. Yeah, we don't want to rehash it. Oh, yeah, yeah, about that. Yeah, but I'm trying to do it. I want to, not everyone. I extend the ban on up to any different 20 bars. Yeah, they don't want us to say hello goodbye or anything else like that. They just want you to come on in and make little whimpering gutterwell sounds. And that's going to be it. Yeah, kind of like that. Yeah. Yeah, I'll make little whimpering sounds in the duck and cackle and that'll basically go, I'll probably get a 40 share, you know? Yeah, and then the bird will be able to get it on show, right? Yeah, which would make a lot of people happy, obviously. People have nothing better to do than call it in bitch and molac and plain. Hey, everything's like merry Christmas. And then amazing. You know, the ones that call and say, hey, you stink, merry Christmas. Yeah, speaking of stink, how is major? It's not that way terrible. See now you're feeding Donna again. Even though she, we know how. Even though we know she's not listening, you're feeding her again. You're going to miss that guy. I can't believe that he dumped, um, Yeah, no, it's not on her call. Oh, no, I guess I get real early when a board-off start dumping a stuff. You know, oh, there he comes. Anyway, um, I get hysterical when that stuff stays. Still in town. Who's that? Yeah, he's still in town. Yeah. Yeah, they had the baby. Oh, yeah. This is a little bit like him, so I'm praying that it changes real fast. My gut, he's going to be in trouble. In fact, it was born with a stogey and one part of its anatomy. I can't tell you where, but, uh, yeah. Oh, yeah. horrendous stogey, yeah. Yeah, no. And the first thing when they tried to change the diapers, it said, How changes? Ha ha ha ha ha. Treated already. True, yeah. Yeah. Well, it's great hearing from you. And one of these days when you're least expected, Yeah, I know. Something will happen. Yeah. All right. Well, how's your, how's your sister doing? She's all right. She's getting married too. Is she really? Yeah. All the duck just had a little accident in her hand. Well, listen, call us again. Note to be a stranger now, okay? All right. And I hope you get paid one of these years, okay? Yeah, I'm hoping to get paid so I can do my Christmas shopping. Yeah. Well, maybe next year. Yeah. Okay, Rick. All right. Take care. Bye. Well, that was a shock. Wouldn't it, Rick the photographer? So you left him out of the letter too, Donna. We like talking to him. You idiot. You disgusting, psychotic douchebag. She is something else. And she, we go through this with her constantly. You know, this love and hate. She's a couple of weeks. She'll be back on there again. She just can't restrain herself. She's just a pain in the butt. I know. What's Laura got here now, boy? She's got something real exciting. What is it? Is it from Tom? Oh, no. I got it. Oh, PS Tom Denver saying he's afraid to come in. Come on in. We can hear some of this dirty laundry right on the air. That'll be good. Send him in here. And they got it. It's a little sample of his psychosis. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye. Come to stay away from me. Okay, Laura. I worked with him at Winsboy. That was exciting enough. Bye, bye, bye, bye. He doesn't be nice to me. I'll tell a story about the one book that I had that 3-8 at night. The only time that anybody ever beat me at night because somebody wanted to put all those playoff games on the hit zero. Or we had zero shares. Trust me. Lottavern that is going to do great. They did with me for a long time. There's no problem, Tom. Trust me. Trust me. Put away your IOD, Hanky. Okay. Go cry in it. Sheds some tears. Just relax. You're too nervous. You're a wonderful guy, but you're just too excitable. Be like me. Be more relaxed. Calm. Not getting hysterical. Just try to be more like me. Okay. Okay. Let me do this spot now. If I leave anything out, Tom. No serious. Tom came in the embellish it a little bit and tell you they're giving you dinner free and stuff like that to make sure they get a gigantic. They're not. They're not. But you'll be more than happy to pay for it. That's what they say in sunrise. Be sure to reserve. It's 251 we have an incredible call. Joe at Flores is on a line. Joe. What's going on? Great. I'm listening to lunch. Please. Well, now wait a minute. We've been getting these reports probably in Accurator. The guys aren't even open today. No. I'm just a late company. Oh, you guys were late today? Oh, yeah. Well, we won't tell a comment about it. Okay. I took a comment to my partner. I'm the old partner. I take it in late. Ha ha ha ha ha. So to speak. Yeah. There's a couple of those anti-pasto with all the good stuff that you guys put on. And one of those cheese and steak subs will be green. Very good. And please don't talk people on clothes. That's terrible. No. Well, I'm sure you couldn't have been. I mean, you guys aren't that crazy. No, only Christmas day. Christmas day. Thanks a million. Bye. Good. You're like that. They're even bringing it here. You see? You guys are a little faith. And of course, Sharon, you give a little child a big size job. And they just crumble. It's just a joke, Sharon. Don't get emotional man. Everybody to last couple of days here is so emotional. It must be the holidays. We so glad when these holidays are over. And now everybody is so sensitive and uptight and hysterical. And Donna. And then he dump stuff. I can't believe that. That's to me. That is just mind boggling. Well, you can't dump Donna. I thought exactly like anybody else. That's in the story. That's the story. But Donna, that's like an industry-edited. You know. That would be like dumping Bob from pop and hell. We'll blind Mike. That'd go nuts. Or Jamie and Marcy. Or Bob Martin. About Phil. Yeah. We'll call Harvey Jr. Junior. AKA. Speaking of Paul Harvey Jr. Junior. It's a little something I thought. But it might be appropriate. Very Christmas Paul. Happy Jivellas. Don't ever call us again. Well, I was driving down I-95 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided wasn't going to do any good to get man. I wrote a song about him instead. He goes like this. He's a demon. Or a man asshole. Or did you work in your whole life? Either way it worked out fine. Because you're an asshole tonight. Yes you're an A. F.F. So Ellie, don't keep trying to blame it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. We're an asshole yesterday. You're an asshole tonight. You're a girl. I've got a feeling. You're being asshole, the rest of your life. I was talking to your mother just the other night. I told her I thought you were an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Because you know that you're whole life. Because somebody told me you've got an asshole for life. Where you born and asshole, or did you work in your whole life? Either way, it worked out fine because you're an asshole. This is the new Roger's Show. This is a brain. Any question? You're $156 at WIOD. And you know what they say if the shoe fits. Port Latterdale, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah, happy holiday, you all. And the same to you, y'all. I'm a long time listener when you were first on WKT. Oh, boy. I'm getting ready to send in the check to for the Camilla Sounds with a day. Right. One favorite I need from you. I think I spoke to Burla, the other station. We did your show about the Koshiklob. I had written to the people who make the album that told him I need it. Because they don't matter. And they don't matter. And I don't have a rectifier. Only a cassette player. So I'm thinking if I said an additional tape. Maybe you can hit my point for the Koshiklob. You remember Burla, did you hear about that? How much are you sending, pal? Whatever. Oh. That's an old extra me. Whatever you think is right. You know what you tell me? Yeah, it sounded like an extra 20. Okay, an extra tape, didn't right? Yeah, an extra tape. But make sure you put a notation what it is. Because I'm going to have to do that at home. I've got the album and I'll dub the album. Okay, sounds good. I wouldn't do that for just anybody. Okay, well, appreciate them. I'm listening. I love you, show. All right. You too. If you have any questions, you're five. There he goes. I'm going to say if he survived KAT. You like it? I should be saying if I survived KAT, I'll do it. What was that? How can I try to clear it in a background? Shrying and carrying on. I don't know. Okay, we have an open line and broward now. If you move very fast, no, we don't. Now, if I want to do with that Johnny Matheson, if you start. If you start. If you start, we have a special lunch for you to know that picture that came in yesterday. I wanted to go on the lawn. Same old. Yeah. Davey, hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. This is the first time I was called since you got to data. Why? Where the hell of you better? I've been at school. We just got off last week. I haven't had much of a chance to call. You know, what school? Broward Community College. Oh, yeah. Remember me? I was going out with Michelle. With Michelle. With Michelle. Which Michelle? Michelle? Which one? We were engaged. Oh, yeah. What was going on, Dad? Great. Well, that's good. You know, these long relationships have been about two weeks? Not, it's been about, we've been going out about a year and a month. Great. Anyway, I was just thinking about it. I missed some of your old tingles from data. I was wondering if you could take out the data for or kind of search for it. And move it. And click on it. Like you know, he's the first kid on the block. That's a good idea. We'll call John for it over there and see if he'll work that up for us. Sure, come on, John. You got no no no. It's not stable. There. Let's get with it. Because this is really good spot. Yeah, they were. Probably the best stuff Rose ever came up with his life. That's right. Okay. Well, work on it. Okay. I think you do a great job over here. And also I think the birds don't have great job. Thank you. Okay. Have a great holiday. And let me commend you on your excellent taste. What can I say? Bye. But I'd like that. I want to thank Eric, who's under a hundredies, 22 in Boker for the Christmas card. And we've got a lot of Christmas cards. But also there are some of these people. Like Jose Morales, who I know is a big fan. Remember Jose? At executive centers network. Yes. And we want to thank Jose for the card. And everybody else and for all the checks and just keep them on coming. So if they get them in a mail before five today, some of the stuff might actually show up tomorrow. Maybe. Okay. And we really hope and get to that 25 grand mark. Okay. News upcoming with April I believe April is here for a fan club with a new news. And we'll come back at 12.05. WIOD and Broward or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect the opinions expressed by the host guest door callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD 105. And I just want to you know the policeman we had on there or whatever he does in law enforcement. So irrational. You couldn't possibly have an intelligent conversation because he was screaming and peaking and shouting and didn't want to listen anything I had to say. But the whole criminal justice system in this country is a farce. It's a travesty. And to try to defend any of the parts that's wrong with it by saying, well, it's just a handful. That's a lot of garbage. God help anybody that gets in the web of criminal justice system in this country. I'll tell you that. A hank. Just a shadow of himself, man, you lost a lot of weight again. Thanks for the promise. Thanks for the promise. He keeps finding it. Neil, you're talking issues here. No, I'm not. You are. Don't get down by those pigs out there, man. I'm telling you. I heard nobody talks to issues, but are you. Get out of here. Will you not do that crap again, all right? I don't need to hear it. I believe it to Steve. I might turn out a radio in here. I mean, you would think that somebody's cops are the criminals. According to Steve, I'll forget that right. You and Steve are very tired. I don't want to get in. I don't get messed up. No, no, no, no. I thought you got to hear it. He said you were a douchebag. No, he didn't. He said, thanks. Sorry. You don't do it. What time you get off? What time do you get off? What time do you get nervous about? What is he going to do? What is he going to do? What does he mean? What does he mean? What does he mean? What does he mean? What happens on Thursday? What happens on Thursday? What happens on Thursday? I think that I know where he got a chance to go on Thursday, but because of Christmas, nobody misses you. Oh, is that it? Yeah. I'm out there hiding. Probably all the upper level management people are out there too. There's nobody. Well, nobody misses them most of the time. Anyway, but that's the upper level management. Yeah. I think it out in the middle level management is. Yeah. It's a gallbladder. It's a gallbladder because while it's there, cause you occasional pain has no sense by you. When you remove it, you don't remember it was there before. Don't get excited. I said, I can get in. I'll start talking issues again here now. So you didn't get to go to Hawaii, huh? No, that's... I know that's the university. I know that's his thing. I didn't. The joden didn't get to go either. He's the... Probably what he wants. I was a great person. Oh, yeah. You guys had a good time up there. Ricks started like he was on his last legs. Those two mornings, man. After he came back, he started to do a bad shape. Very cold there. Really? Good afford a hell out of me. But the game made more than made up for it. Yeah, Pittsburgh. Yeah. It happens to say not. See his first reaction if you had... Guys, you're proud for a minute. Go ahead ahead. You don't have to be on invitation here. What do you want? Oh, look at that. That rich came in. Just... You're a flat rich. But these two guys, you're not going to be that something. You're bringing me another envelope. Up this better not be able to go on yesterday. You know? Close to 20 pounds. Give her a take. A couple. Not bad. It's just a check. Oh, okay. So anyway, what I was starting to say to you is that... No, not Pittsburgh. It's just the idea if you had Pittsburgh. This is too far as spike in the end. I've come in here when the guys on F. Yeah, I'll see you. Like you'll light so we're there. Like you know if they can't take a joke. What's that? Are you going to stir rip and steam? Then he'll do all the stuff. He's got... Oh, you can rip him. We've got a portal. He's got a pre-holiday show. He's got a atheist or hysterical fundamentalist reverinant. How can try it? Yeah. Well, there's a couple right before Christmas and the circus. Yeah. But anyway, this New York thing, you know about it. Oh, seriously, you're not a sports fan. Ooh. You. Me? No. You know, these New York types, it only if they got a better on the game than they have any interest in it. If they don't have any money on the game, they don't care. How could you watch? I don't think I'm at a ball. Oh, see? Now we got into it. True. I have never been on a football game. You haven't? No, enjoy it? And what really? What bugs me and your good friend Larry King, who were so delighted to have as part of the W.I.O.D. family. By the way, it's a check that Larry wrote for you. Can't speak clearly. Oh, well, yeah. But, well, well, the boxing ball, even the heat never dribble that well. But, you know, the same thing. Everything is the spread. And did they cover and all this? I've been talking about this for years. Okay. And like, the networks now are so blatant about it with Jimmy to geek isn't there, but they got X-TL money. I mean, actually, you're quite a good question. No way there's been a certain amount. Yes, I did. It was a great game. You had no bad thing. Why should I get it? I loved it. You're a good man. Did you do bet on hockey games? No. I watched a Michigan State Michigan game. I went to Michigan State hockey game on that. I think you might not. I think you might not. I'm going to hockey with no bet. I mean, how can you bet on a hockey game? What do you do? You give so many goals. I'm just a biggest lion a world bird. I saw the puck going to the net. Seriously? The man admits though that he's not a sportsman. He's just a gambler. Who said that? What you're thinking is in your credit. Well, I don't put it. I don't put it. It depends on this. I don't put it. I don't bet baseball games. I could watch baseball games all day long. So what you're saying, and I'm sure that Joe Robby will like this a lot, is that football is so boring that unless you got a bet on a game, you would never watch it. Football, lens itself, the betting one, then you have a sport. No, how can I watch football? I have trouble watching football games without a bet. I don't know where to. Is that always the case or is it just in the last couple of years when it's become so mediocre and we're always dumb? I actually started when I first got sick at the age of 16. When you made this first bet, that's right. Boy, you are bad. You're really good. You're going to do anything hot at the track this after I haven't even looked at the form. I just did that. That's good. That's good. For the moment throughout there, and just close your eyes. Riding well out there. Oh, Chavez is still going crazy and variance way-law. And I'm sorry. Guys, when they get hot. I'm so sorry. Well, yeah, they don't want to get carried away. And I don't want to make too much money getting the trouble. They'll scoop for you. If you want to. About worst racing. Great. Dirty to happen. With this. By the way, you're seeing a crowded pop-in-all last night. Yeah, I'm going to hit the top. Well, the deregulation thing marked my words, Gulf Stream is going to stick at the call. They're real good over that breeder's cup business. They will not stay open for just three days. I think they're planning to run a lot more days in just the three. Really? Yeah. What about Brune deez? He's still in business. We haven't heard from Chavez. Actually, I got one of them. Secretary a couple of days ago, asking for my home address. They do have the best PR over there. What they do now. None. The home address thing is kind of the tip off. They don't have any of PR at highly. That's part of their problem. But you know, we do know that those latins love horse racing, right? That's the same crap I hear about while we ought to have major league baseball, because we have to be land-punnery. You're an issue, isn't it? Now, do you remember the Amigos? So, you would remember the Amigos? I don't think I brought Kester for a scan. Did you? Yeah. You're one of the Han fool in this city. No, the manager was? No. David Johnson. Yeah. That was until he started to put him in the pieces of his face back together. We're getting he looks a lot worse now than he had tough. Basically, he's got the Michael Jackson. He's got the piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece that he's got for the piece. That's why you have to come back for one of our season for the new year. All the pieces of his face reconstructed. Have you seen him lightly seriously? David Johnson. These guys are aging badly. You and I are aging better than they are. We're a whole great fall guys. They're faces start falling apart in chunks. You know, in the baseball field. I mean, we're wise to that. The movement. You know, the baseball movement. Don't say movement in this town on this show, on this thing. It could be a lot of people on the piece very excited when you say movement. They get to optimistic. Get their hopes up. Not much else to get up, but they're hoping to get up. You're still happy hearing the old. It's good about after yesterday. Well, yesterday we had a traumatic day. Guess you didn't hear him. We don't want to go into a very long time. We're on an airplane. We're holding all the guys to so far. And so when I signed my contract and once that happened, I will stick it to him. I mean, I will show him more of a way. I don't think he's done. What have they done? I just got a little carried away. You know, but now they're okay. They've apologized profusely. Everything was embarrassing. He didn't even know what he was doing. He was going to be like, I don't know. I mean, Disney was done as hands of these solving and crying and carrying on. Please forgive me. You're that the Christmas party they were toasting you like you were saying. Really? Coming. Yeah. I'm still waiting for the first one. Well, we were curious to think how long the honeymoon period but last and we found out six weeks. Yeah. Six weeks is pretty long time. That's not bad. And of course, we know you've had a real long honeymoon with this station. Oh, it's been nothing. Sheaches and cream. Yeah. I've had so many ups and downs. So the old is full bird. Do they? Yeah. I've got to do pennies of play here. But you're going to go. Patty's place. Yeah. That's actually our ex-rated commercial. Okay. You got to commercial for Patty's. But luckily, this is not Tom Dennerburg as a count because then Tom would be in our bag. He gets a little he's a little hyper. You know Tom? Yeah. Yeah. I found a way to tell Tom to go away. I said, Tom, if you're going to pay me to do this, I'll do it otherwise. Don't bother me. Exactly. And he doesn't bother you. I'm going to try that tomorrow. Anything else I can help you with? No, that's true. Thank you for my mind. I'm going to take a bunch of brains out this afternoon. They need it. Okay? I need the Christmas. Take couple extra thousand out there with you. Bonus is here this year. I got to go away. I noticed. Yeah. We're still looking for it. Take the old passion way. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. I'm going to have a big plunging weekend on the holiday. Oh, good. Very. There. There. There. There. There. There. It's going to be open Sunday. Christmas day. Right. Now they're going to be racing early. A lot of times they do they race like I'm Thanksgiving day. They started at 11. We've got to find out about that before the end of the show. And then they'll be open Monday this week because it's a holiday. they usually have a big holiday card right? Mm-hmm. You just degrees with anything that I say. Okay, let's go to a Miami next. Hello. I knew how you doing. Okay. Hey, it's Chuckie and Miami. Yeah, it's been three days since I've called you. So I guess I lost my chronic status. Let me ask you, do you watch football, Chuckie? Yes, I do. Now, do you have to have a bet on every game that you want? No, not at all. All right. I bet you're not from New York, right? No, not. See, there you go. And they're just from the time they're born. They're just a wilde genera. They got a gamble on everything. Yeah, I know my dad's from New York and he calls me up. If he doesn't have a bet on the game, he goes, oh, come on, I'm broke, I'm broke. Hey, I never got to the plot when Hank was in here. I was trying, I got sidetracked. I was going to talk about the networks and how blatant they encourage. You legal gambling. And when cost is was telling the story when he had King on Sunday night. He's talking about the Tigers playing the Yankees or the Indians or somebody years ago and his father was going to bet on the Tigers because somebody was pitching to the Big Fat left hand or what was his name? Oh, yeah. It's Mickey Lois. And he said, I want to David Letterman. You should make fun about it. And he says, my dad picked up the phone and bet a thousand dollars on. So now when he says he picked up the phone, all he's saying is he called his bookie. Okay, they never used the word. But that's what we're talking about is illegal gambling. And the networks in this country have done and Hank does the same thing as much as I like. I mean, you know, he promotes illegal gambling. All these guys do and he just winked and laugh about it like it's a big joke. Now, if the same thing were said, well, they called the escort service and they sent a booker over right away. People in sunrise would be, you know, having a meeting and having an nervous breakdown. I don't understand it. I mean, I think it should you should be able to bet on anything. Okay. That's true. That's true. They should have windows here. There are help everybody. Exactly. And it alone. And I went to the right here in the station. It alone. It was damn lottery sales to that's for sure. The biggest sucker bet in the history of mankind. You can't wait till Rebecca Paul is here next Wednesday, filling in for Reniri. I just can't wait because when at the end of that show, I'm going to nail her real good sort of speak about this lottery. Man, the biggest rip off in history. Yeah, she's the lottery chairperson with a whip. The lottery queen, yeah. Yeah. So that's me. Neil, that movie Rayman was excellent. Excellent. Yeah, how could anybody not like it? There's only one thing I didn't like about it. Oh, geez. Jamie Lee Curtis wasn't in it. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Terran, her hostile projectiles. Although I will say this, you'd probably been the richest one in the movie. Yeah. It wouldn't have fit. Well, burned Mary Christmas to you. Thank you, sir. And Neil, happy scooker cookers. Okay, and the same to you. How about good one, bye. Bye, boy. One nineteen at WIOD. We have an open line in date. If you move quickly now, come on. Let's go. Seven five one. WIOD. And don't forget Reverend Dwight Porter. This is his 80th appearance this week on a cane show against atheist John O'Neill. They're going to be a debating is God Jewish. And was he Bar Mitzfoot? I thought they were going to be a good job or not. Should you celebrate Christmas, I think, they're going to get in. I was going to be should go and celebrate tissue ball. That's coming up on that. I think he and show with Reverend Dwight Porter. And atheist John O'Neill. Just to get you in that holiday spirit. Okay, we want you to feel good and full of love and brotherhood and hate, et cetera. Plantation, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. I'm also a browner than you're not ten years in 79. I just want to make a couple of points with you. I'm not going to be so narrow minded to think that there's only a few police officers. Well, I didn't mind that he wanted to say that, but he was getting hysterical. And I couldn't have any kind of a conversation with him. I agree with you. But the major issue that I want to take is since I get from the late mid 70s, the standards have been lowered greatly. Used to be at have me an excellent military person. And I've got 21 now as he pointed out that the spinners are dropping. So the way society is changing, some of these people are not as quite as mature so the temptation is probably. But you know what that's like saying, they would be like saying the standards for being a brain surgeon are dropping. Okay, when you give somebody the power of life and death and you, you know, by law. And you put that gun in her hand, you say it's legal. And now you've got this extra supernatural power that nobody else has. You can't just say, well, you know, we're going to lower the standards. That's not acceptable. Well, I understand that. And it's not acceptable in the long-term ranks. The professional police officers. Now, whenever the federal government and the guidelines that step in, in order to get some of these people to begin. The minorities and the, this ispanics that came in the, and the boldest and stuff that come into this country. They had to drop the standards because we were being unfair by having a superior amount of math and the testing programs. And as a result, you get substandard police officers into the job that should not be in there. As a result, you had be instance when you have a mining river cost. Unfortunately, it's not saying that, you know, the standing sort of, or bad, it's just to happen, be that all of them happen to be standing in that case. Well, let's be honest about it. There have been an inordinate number of Latin police officers who've been involved in drugs and other criminal activity. And an inordinate number in Dave County. You're right. There have been. And there have been some. And some of the people who have been involved in drugs and other, that's not an ethnic remark. It's just a matter of fact for whatever the reason that just happens to be the case. A lot of that though, and I've seen from the inside looking at it, a tribute to the standards that have used now in the hiring criteria. I mean, yes, you say you just fight the logical testing with heavy, but that doesn't, you know, do you any good until somebody shows a deviate character. Well, first and all, a psychological testing is a joke in the, the psychologist. He's been on a show a few years ago who is in charge of the whole program in Dave County. He admits that it's a forest that they really can't determine ahead of time, just exactly where these guys are coming from. Right. It's only good as a standard when somebody does something wrong. Yeah. You just do this. The only thing I want to point out mostly is since it's been on out of negative and lately, you can. We thought today just to get the FOP here in the region, Brad. We're out there passing out Christmas baskets for the needy out there. They're along with the fire department and several other associations and concerns. Citizens out there, they're also out there involved in a lot of charitable events such as the upcoming pigball. The January 21st, which is again, the lawyers saying, please, and I've also for charity in the money. I think was raised about 30,000 last year. Give or take him exactly how much, but somewhere that made it for the charitable events. And a lot of that goes unnoticed. Certainly, we get headlines when we have an incident like happened recently in Miami. But we certainly don't get to headlines when we're out there doing the job that it goes unnoticed. And the only other thing that I had to say of reference that that's highlighted is that everybody has an opinion of what the police also job on it be. No one has an opinion of how the doctor should do his job or the law. Oh, sure they do. Sure they do. I do. But they not the general public. They all can tell you this is what the police officers should do. I have my opinion, they should do this, they should do that. But you don't see him going to the doctor. The doctor had operate. You don't see him telling the brain surgeon how to do this or the preacher out of preach. But you're out there without laughing a mile on the shoot. Well, it just a matter of time. You certainly wouldn't say the public has a great confidence in lawyers, would you? I wouldn't think they'd probably have a great confidence in them. They don't. They don't. And their confidence in doctors is diminishing every day just like their confidence in police officers. Keep diminishing when they see how many dishonest cops there are, how much corruption is going on. This is human nature. I mean, people are you can fool them for a long time by putting on a uniform and you know, perpetrating this fraud, which is really what doctors do. Because they got a white coat on or a white outfit. Then automatically the public is supposed to assume they know what they're doing. And I still think most doctors haven't got the foggyest idea what they couldn't diagnose a head cold most of them, okay? Two, I agree with that. But for the most part, majority of the opinions or the people, they always have an opinion. I plan it in a way right. Well, yeah, most people, you know, they have an opinion how I should do this show too, okay? The only difference is people don't die from this show. We don't shoot anybody on this show. Well, and we don't beat anybody to death on this show. The structure of those telepraggyal areas and you should either. No. Unfortunately. Although it has happened, yeah. Yeah, I'm not saying it doesn't, but I'm just saying that we are the front line out there. And it's not so much the law unfortunately, in the deteriorating obviously, but the court system itself is deteriorating. Well, the whole system stinks. I mean, let's be honest, about the system is pathetic. This story out in Texas with this judge, this redneck judge, that just gave the lenient sentence to these two guys who murdered the two gay guys. And he says he gives the lenient sentence because he doesn't like queers running around cruising trying to pick up teenagers or whatever the story was. And they had a big scene out there. And you know, he says, well, I'm not going to worry about it two years from now when I'm up for reelection. Nobody will remember anyway. I mean, what kind of justice is that? No, Jeff. Well, listen, it's good talking to you. And I'm glad we could have a rational conversation. Well, I appreciate your time. I just want to point out some of the good things that go out there as well. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. And we want to tell you about Toyota of Hollywood again today. And if you are, one of those people who's concerned about the service department where you buy your new car, have no fears because they have an award winning service department over there at Toyota of Hollywood. They repeatedly won the president's award from the parts and service advisors of Florida. And this is something to think about because I know for myself, I've had some experiences where a bottom of the bill been happy with the deal. And then discover that the service department stinks to high heaven. What you won't have that problem at Toyota of Hollywood. They will keep that car in tip top shape and they'll keep you a happy and satisfied customer. And don't forget the exclusive exciting 3 day trial period that I keep reminding you about because you're not going to find this available at any other automobile dealer that I know of anywhere in this town. If you buy your new car there, they give you three full days to drive it around, get to know it like it without going to Alaska or anything like that or any accidents. And if you change your mind, they'll put you in a different car even give you your money back. That's a Toyota of Hollywood at 1841 North State Road 7. Check out all those exciting new Toyota's. There right between TAP and Sheridan Streets in Hollywood. Now that postseason football is here, there's no better place to catch all the acts and then at South Florida's top sports pub and oyster bar. Hooligans. Hooligans will be showing all the NFL playoffs including the Super Bowl and all the college bowl games including the Orange Bowl. All you basketball and hockey fans to keep up with your favorite teams as well at Hooligans. They have over 15 big screen TVs so you can watch up to six games at once. The top teams and the top games nonstop add to electronic sports stickers with up to the minute scores and highlights. Sports trivia and video games and you'll see why Hooligans is hogg heaven to the true sports fan and Hooligans offers great food from fresh truck to oysters and clams to live main lobster chicken wings and sandwiches. All this plus Kendall's best happy hour. Daily lunch specials and a late night menu served until 3.30 a.m. Open seven days. Hooligans is located in the dayland lands a shopping center. 95 55. South Dixie Highway just across from the dayland metro rail station. That's Hooligans. This is Steve Kane for lead to home where lobster lunacy continues that unbelievable price on a three pound main lobster dinner. Only twenty five dollars for the entire dinner. Of course by way of introducing you to the fabulous gourmet cuisine at Le Doam. If you're not a lobster person that chasseau brian for two tender succulent and juicy either with their great homemade Bernace sauce or their off plops sauce with crack pepper corn. These chicken moderate bone was breast of chicken sauteed in light wine with lemon and artichoke hearts. The shrimp borough borough delicately deep fried and rolled and coconut served with an orange horse radish dipping sauce. And of course don't forget that incredible main lobster special a three pound main lobster dinner only twenty five dollars at Le Doam. They're located one block west of the intercostal just a little south of Los Oles. We suggest you call for information at four six three thirty three o three incredible gourmet dining at Le Doam. You'd be sure to tell them that you heard it on Steve's show. When the sun goes down our ten rocks limbo tell them try to relary king every week night beginning at eight. Now more with Neil Rogers on new sock radio six ten WIO do better fact if he's coming in town for the what is he coming for who are the super bowl Larry. Oh yeah, maybe he can cash a check for me. 29 after one at WIO day will go to all key west was online one and they disappear. What a shame. I don't know if there's nobody in keyway. Oh, bokeh hello. Bokeh is gone. That's good. We have it. I mean that police officer really did it for us. There's another one in brown and the just disappeared. These are popping off like popcorn man. That's good to clean out the lines once in a while. Must be that issue oriented. Well, I don't want to do issue oriented talk. I'm sorry. I did was make a passing comment about Steve show yesterday in that line that he gave about you think that the cops were the criminals and it just struck me. I made one comment about it and now right away we want to do issues issues and answers here. I'm not doing it. I'm struck a nerd. Obviously a nerd is the word. Okay. Let's try Ojas. He's got to be somebody there. Hello. Hello. And they click my box off. Is boss. Is that what he said? I don't know what he said. I think he said is box off. Yeah. I'm going to click his box off. I've never been heard from again in Ojas. Open line and Broward 524 WIOD boy. They're rattling their spears now. Are they? Palm Beach. Hey. Hey, now. How are you doing? Okay. Hi, Graham. How are you? Fine. Hey, listen. I know how much you guys. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Okay. How much you guys love those of us who come from Palm Beach. I just want you to know that I'm one of the few living in the land of greed, the home of the brain walking dad. We know. Listen, the reason I live here is. Oh, no. Wait a minute. Sir, I've just discovered something that's going to make you wake up and listen to this. The topic on the Larry King Show tonight. Yeah. And I'm not making this up either. Okay. Making maps of the United States. The guests will be Dr. Michael Dobbson, Cartographer for Rand McNally. I can't wait. Holy. Tell me that. I don't get these obitches. I'm Palm Beach. I'm Palm Beach. I'm going to get my adrenaline going. I'll tell you that. Well, I'm going to miss some scotch. I may have to stay home from the trash to listen in. Making maps. Making maps. Yeah. That's going to be what I'm going to do tonight. Yeah. Listen. I want you know we do have first and palm beach. You really represent a park. Okay, but I want you to know and palm beach our first is the Metamus Society. For the women it's called the blue hair who would like to think they're wealthy, bitch club. It's a traded second and I'm the closest runner up is the blue hair waiting to drop dead while driving club. And that's in sunlight. I happen to have days to be on Glenn and it's in fear of greeting the fox. And I just wanted to say who? The fox, so you know, sunny. Sunny fox, so. Yeah. Oh, fox. So I just want to say his old station. Why is a group? They've got one list list in their town there. Okay. Well, listen. Thanks for your inane call. Have a great day. Hey, you too. Bye. Good day. Wow. That was something. Indescribable 132 a Wild making maps of the US. God. You didn't tell me that. That is frightening. You know what, Dr. Mike Thompson. I remember Mike. He's a cartographer for verand McNally's matter. In fact. Yeah. Now, Rand's not going to be on there himself, is he? No, but I think Dave McNally's going to be on there. He's to pitch for the Orioles many years ago. Probably Rex Rand. Right. Rex. Rex. And bring him. Rexie. Rexie. Rexie. Rexie. Rexie. Right. Dave McNally. And they're going to make a map and it's going to have arrows for Larry to follow. And it's going to be all pointed. Do east. 133 April, we're the Miss Danny. But now we don't want to go into a big thing in a barrisher and talk about the tremendous fan club that she's developing out there in the audience here. He never had this much notoriety when the Dean was here. That's what she claimed. I find it hard to believe. Well, he kind of kept in secret. But we want everybody to understand that we have somebody very spatial in that newsroom now. Grace is the air waves and a lot of people ready to stand at attention right now. It's 133 at WI. And home twice as fast. Now, more with Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. Well, what you like a very much. As here is the King. I don't have a middle round much for a while. But I want you all to know what I'd be rocker or heavy. I don't think it would be a restlessness. And I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message. I'd like to do a surprise. Like how I live on a street with a high-gone bar. Thank you. I don't know. Walk over a slam. Christmas is a time of hoot. Time of joy. Time of 11. And I sure would love it. Thanks, slides, that's it. You got there. I think. What will we want? We're all right. Oh yeah, Christmas. Christmas to me means family. Your family means friends. Your friends means getting together. And getting together means eating. Well, past week at home, stay with your boys. Walk like this. I can't remember. I can't remember. Not just when I say to you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't nobody so big. You can't reach out to helping a hand. I help him. I'll hand it. Well, would you hand me a helping with the mashed potatoes over there? Which boy? I'll give you. I'll give him a bite. Now like I was playing with. Ain't nobody so big he can't stoop to help a friend of Neil with a high-of-age season. Won't pass me that self-sugar when you get a chance. Like me. Yeah, just just don't screw the color. That's right. I don't know. So this Christmas. Why don't you all take a tear from old. Hey, old. Now, I don't leave those steak-tip fried-worthy art. You know what I mean? I appreciate it. I want you to remember. Well, part of God's great big family. You know God made man and do his own image. Look in the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big, big, simple thing. You know what I mean? I won't you do it. But I especially won't you all remember this one last thing. And you're all this homeless Christmas. Springing that popcorn up on the tree. Save a big, big bowl for the can. Extra butter, no more money. I'll make you do it. I'll give you my good work. Well, that's the Lurping Sounds. We'll remember it. In the 1.38 at WIOD. At our next call, now I'm going to try this again. But I have my dots. It says, again, employee of a major convenience store. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. What's happening? Not much. Okay. I've got a question. A couple questions for you. If you don't mind. Yeah. Okay. I'm over here in between the Pompano, Dearfield Border. And I've been thinking about the Camilla South's a lot. There are, I have to say, 25 to 50. I guess I'll call them street people who just live around here, but in the shopping center. Is there any place closest in the Camilla South to help these people? Yeah. There's a place in Broward. I'm trying to think of the name we did some things for a couple of years ago. What is the name of the, um, it's not the daily food bank. There's, um, somebody will call it and tell me. I don't remember the name of it. Oh, great. Because they kind of, I feel for them. They just walk around all day long with their garbage bags. Yeah. Really sad. And the second question. And I'll just wish they all Mary Christmas is. Wait a minute. Isn't that the Delavo shelter is that it? That could be a good idea. Yeah. Okay. That's great. Appreciate the information. We're thinking strongly about going to see the, uh, the movie you've been talking about all day. Rainman. Rainman. And is it appropriate for a 10 and 11 year old child? Absolutely. Okay. Because they would really like to go. I mean, there's a little bit of language in there, but nothing they don't hear at home. Oh, yeah. Of course. Great. A TG movies are worse than most of the already. Yeah. Appreciate the information. They have a happy holiday. You too. Thanks. One for me. See I told you there was somebody good there. Yeah. And it's there. I don't understand what that was all about, but it was good. Open line and Broward 524Wild and West Miami on three. Hello. Uh, I'm happy holidays to both of you, Mr. Hill. Thank you, sir. And Rogers, of course, my favorite. Um, long time listener. And I haven't called enough about three years. Good. When you read wins. Not so good. Digging ass. Um, one thing, two things as a matter of fact, one, of course, uh, I didn't listen to yesterday. It was a very busy and, um, somebody told me that he was Donna. Very funny, sir. Very funny. I guess you want this to be a short call. No, no, no, please don't tell me. Uh, no. Get out leaving, are you? No. Okay, everything's, everything's so sharp. Nobody ever said I was leaving. We just had a little, uh, who misunderstood and a little similar to yesterday. And they got a little emotional and did some stupid things and they've apologized. And for the 80th time this week. And I said, don't you ever do it again. Just cut the crap and mind your own business and get out of my life. And they will. Okay. All right. All right. That's that's great. There's a lot of questions. What is if you can and I, you know, no more issues. No, but one question. What is this? Great. What is the federal communications up to with this Jesse selves thing that. No, no, no, what you just relax for all the bills says they've already passed the ruling before. And they made an exception and they said from midnight to six in a morning in decent speech is okay. Now they're saying because Jesse, how I'm stuck that thing and a funding bill in Congress, uh, not the same that they have to go by that. They're going to enforce it 24 hours a day. It doesn't affect anything. It'll affect some of the stuff you'd see on TV, but they already are saying that it's unconstitutional. It's never going to hold up. The broadcasters are going to challenge it in court. So I wouldn't worry about it. Well, there it is. It's just what you'd expect from an eandruff all right. Winged douchebag like Jesse Helms, okay? You bet. And one more thing your producer is, uh, nobody has said that, but your producer is a great guy. Wonderful American. That is correct. Have a nice day. Both of you have a happy holiday. And you too. And don't come again for another three years. 142 at WIOD. Oh, yeah. I know why I was going to play. Kick and ass with 50,000 watts of power all over South Florida from the keys to the palm beaches, even out to the Bahamas. This is WI-N-V. Miami, hello. Hello. Yes. Are you doing a good deal? Great. Are you doing bird? Fine. You know, I'm looking at the boon in the box. Are you? Yeah, I have the original, uh, both of the magazine. You must have good visions here. Oh, this is pretty incredible, but I used to have, uh, like a year's worth of, uh, both of the magazine. Uh, my wife, uh, told me to do, either choose her or the hotel. Yeah. That's what I must say. So how is she doing now? Uh? Where is she now? My wife? Yeah. Oh, she's her work. See, she's looking at me now. She doesn't listen to me? Uh, no. Okay. Whatever you say. What is your problem? She didn't like the show, huh? Uh, she's better than they leave you, you know? Oh, I see. You don't know it is. Yeah. She's into that superstitious stuff. Listen. No, listen. Do you know that, uh, for not in the Santa Rea, is she? Oh, no, no, no. Not just American. Okay. You know the version. You know the version of, uh, your mama? Yeah. You know what I mean? You made it? Yeah. Are you serious? Yeah. Yeah. That's great. It is great. Your part especially managed tremendous. Am I going to get any royalty? No. You're just getting the honor of being on this show. You'll get to know the riety. Until your wife finds about it, makes you give it up. Yeah. No, not really. Could you play for me? The whole thing? You'll step by what I mean. Uh, I want to be a celebrity. I don't go now. Yeah. I already played it, but I'll. I know you did. I'll play a little bit of it here to passify you. Okay. I put those magazines away, okay? Hey, listen. I only have one. They want to live with a boner in the box. Okay. Well, don't give up on that one. Listen. I had the best one. Yeah. They want to have a lottery McDonald. Oh, boy. Making love to a bunch of fudge. Okay. Listen. Have a nice day. Okay. Oh, God. Ready and one. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You're at it. Now where is his parts? That's what they like. I don't know how to remember. That's what they like to say when they look at the food and the box. Where is his parts? Don't talk about these. Don't talk about them. Don't talk about them. You're at it. Say to us. Don't do this. Don't do that. No, no. Do you want it? You don't understand. And it's just a radio show. Okay. Do you want it? Okay. Where is he? There's something that's like in the last 30 seconds. What's around? Come to round. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, there. One forty five. What was him? Yeah. Absolutely. Okay. Here's a hot tip on three. Hello. Hi, guys. Yes, sir. Jerry Stutt. ninth race today at Colner. Merry Christmas. Love your show. Thank you. Bye-bye. And I look at this. Everybody's running for the whole session. I'll give me the paper there. You don't know anything about it. Okay. Let's keep it that way. What? Now what? What? What? What? The ninth race. We got the good charts today. The Miami News charts. Is it the best? Yeah, sure. Anything you feel. They are. They are. They're the most complete. $19. We'll get it. Let me see if Jesusancien today. Paul has***** things. Eleven. Ninety century. Be bold. Find five. Be bold. ngy. decade. You know what happened. What? Well, wait a minute. Maybe you're got it here. I got it right here. Don't everybody panic now. Just stay calm and get this mess out of here. Put this stuff back together. We're gonna let's get it out of here. Steve gets all hyper and starts hyperventilating. I'm in ninth race. Forget about it. That doesn't list the trainers. Okay. Oh. Okay. I thought he, oh, I see who has given us the name of the horse. Harry, he was talking about studs the trainer. No. The two horse in the ninth race with Doug Valiente, great jocky. Well, how about that? And speaking of incredible, Sharon has something in her hand. It's that check for a thousand dollars. I'll be damned from Frank. I thank you very, very much. Shit, Lord. And also a little gator for it. That's not a gator. Well, it's a green gator. It's not a gator. Thank you, Frank. Here, take the check. I don't want to, I sure don't want to hang on to that. Thank you, Frank, from the bottom of our heart. So that raises our total now. I'm having it in my pen. Do I have one? Oh, she's all of a sudden at the end of the show here. It's like we're coming on glue. You know what? Raises the total today, 3480 in for the whole deal, 24,149. So beyond a shadow of a doubt, even if nothing comes in in a mail or Marle, that means nickel just after come up with 751 bucks. Oh, easy. So that's not too bad. You can handle that, right? Okay, it's 148. You know, as you just today, blank looks all day. He's just in a fog, man. Just, you know, why we didn't feed him any lunch today, did we? He had some cake. Okay, here comes the message now on the bottom of the screen. I went to a bachelor party last night. Oh, I see. So he's totally out of it. That explains a lot. Yeah. Okay, listen, here's a great place. You can go to right now. It's not going to cost you an arm and a leg for a delicious lunch or whatever it is you're doing this time of the afternoon. Charhot, what they serve real food quickly. Okay. They don't get anything prefabricated. Nothing that's been sitting under heat lamps getting like mung, like some of those other hamburger chains. Man, I'd say some of those places ought to be arrested for what they serve you. Okay. At Charhot, everything is fresh. Never frozen, then they make it exactly the way you want it. They cook it right in front of your eyes. Okay, you stand there and you boss them around a little bit. Say, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I want cheese on that. Okay. And you make sure that they do it exactly the way that you want it. Because that's what they want to do. And they want to give it to you your way for real. Never any preservatives or additives. They don't coat their turbo-rel chicken with any mung on the outside to cover up what you're getting. You see exactly what you're getting fresh, delicious chicken and Italian sausage burgers fries. Those great onion rings and lots more. And don't forget six Charhot locations they are in. sunrise at 26 o'clock, a university drive very close to plantation. Okay. Don't panic, tamarack at 3915 West Commercial. David, at 4,400 South University, drive just north of Griffin Road with a drive through there. By the way, Hollywood at 295 north state road 7, not far from Toyotov Hollywood. Miami at 2, 1101 north, West Second Avenue. And in Oakland Park at 751 East Commercial Boulevard and Don't Forget coming in January, I promise. Trust me. Coming in January the Margate, Charhot. Neil Rogers on New York Radio 610 WIOD. Yeah, just for the sub is noted, sir. Friend Frank Grassy at 90 shoe stores. Great. And what a guy. He sent a thousand bucks for the Camilla sauce we want to thank him profusely along with a nice note and the little thing over there, whatever that thing is. The gator. The gator. Yeah, I have a thing about gator. No. Okay. But again, thank God it's not a orange and white gator. It's a green gator. Yeah. Okay. So gator, who was at the parties at Nick was at last night, that's why it's green today. Okay, let's go to Tamarack. Hello. Hi Neil. Hi. How are you doing? Great. I was live trading here. Well, better than it was yesterday. Really? Yeah, we had a bad day here yesterday. We had some people who were up changing their underwear every two seconds. I think it gets a chance for listen to you yesterday. So I don't know. Thank God. How you doing, Bart? Hi, and you missed a hell of a show. I did, huh? Yeah. Well, um, this has been the first week that I've been able to listen to all four hours last week. I was late off from my job. They had a lot of few people go. Oh, boy. You mean, you mean right before Christmas, they had people go? Yeah, I've never done that real nice. Well, it sounds like why 100, didn't it? Yeah. No, it was my 100, but it was close. Uh, hopefully my next job I'll get to listen to you when I was working there. They went let me listen to you. Why is that? We had to listen to the motivation station. Can you tell us what kind of a place it was? Yeah, it was a computer company. Oh, yeah. Yeah, highly motivated. No doubt. No, yeah. So, you know, you learned so much. You were a vacating year. How's your blessings? Count your blessings. Now, when their old night in Gale came on, did everything stop like in the office? Did everybody stop typing? Right, so I think you put everybody's. Yeah, they stopped all right. They went into a coma. Yeah, I said, well, I can't we listen to, why can't I listen to Neil? He says, well, because you won't learn anything. If you listen to the motivation station, you'll get more motivated. Yeah, that's what Larry King says, man, you got to be informed and entertained at the same time. That's why I'm listening to that math maker tonight, man. I was a little bit so. Well, that Leo Biscalia, you know? Well, I just called to listen to both the happy holidays. Well, same to you, and I hope you find something better than that insanity, Oregon. Right now, well, hopefully I'll get, you know, my next job, I'll get to listen to you because when I don't get to listen, do I get really depressed? I don't plan you. Okay, listen, have a great one. You too. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay, here's the Rainman report. There he is. Star of stage screen and extra curricular activities. Mr. Kane, in the holiday spirit today is going to have a rabbi, a Jew and a atheist. Now, he doesn't have a rabbi today. We banned the rabbi from the Kane show, but we have Reverend Dwight Porter and atheist John O'Neill are going to go 10 rounds with no gloves going to be great. Let's go to a, we have a Rainman report and they count. He, hello. Hi, Neil. This is the Oscar Goenie. Yeah. I went to see Rainman the other night. I don't. It was what? I was great. Okay. Fantastic. Dustin Hoffman is very versatile. I loved it. And I cried during the same scene that you did when he, when he hit, when Charlie's hit, when Raymond and Charlie hit, yeah. That was where I cried too. It was definitely touching. Yeah, don't say hit on this show. So, some people get very upset. Hey, I'm, I'm my deliveries here at work. I go out and keep a skein. Do you, what did you go out there much? Keep a skein? Oh yeah, I go there every day. Well, don't you think so? I never go to keep a skein. What would I do out there? I don't know. But if you've ever been out there, you'll see that there are a lot of fossils that are living out there. I think they should have a sign above the entrance that should they retirement community. Yeah, fossil alert. Definitely. But we don't get, it is manufacturing with all this money that we get. I don't really have a chance to look at all the addresses because there's so many checks and things. Very rarely. What's in a blue moon? We get anything. What's in a blue here? Do we get anything from Keybis gain? Okay, and I know that's a lot of poor people out there that they can't afford it. But they sure aren't too loose with the bucks out there. There might be a lot of French Canadians live in there. Probably. Well, they've got a speed limit out there. 45 miles per hour, which I always exceed because too slow. But sometimes I get behind an old folk that's in a car doing the speed limit or below it. And so, yeah, nothing like getting behind a car where they're doing it. Yeah. But one day when I was behind such a car, I thought of a question that they should have on a driving test. That if you come up behind a car doing below the speed limit, what should you look for in the car in front of you to know whether you're just passed? The answer is gray hair. Blue hair. Or gray here. It all depends if it's blue hair you're probably in Broward. It's gray hair you're in Dave. True. But uh... And if it's kind of like purple hair you're probably on Keybis gain. Right. Well, I can put down old people, but I have an old grandfather that turned 97 last Friday. But he keeps to himself. He's not like you're bad enough here. Good. Let him keep to himself. Let's do something to keep it that way. I mean, you know, he isn't opinionated and calling radio stations. I like the... Yeah. Well, that's good. Don't get him a phone, whatever you do. Right. Okay, listen, have a great holiday. Okay, you too. Bye. Christmas. Okay. Bye. 157 at WIOD. Boy, this has been pretty painless today. You know, I must say analizing it from the rear of the show. It's been, you know, okay. Little more in the spirit. People I've seen been saying Merry Christmas and stuff, which was none of that yesterday at all. I don't know. Now yesterday they were certainly. Oh. And then of course we had our little life crisis there in the middle of the show. And then it really went nuts. Yeah. True to tell I a star and a half. Wow. Excuse my uh... Getting emotional in emotions. Anyway, I'm going to be glued to the radio on the way home because I want to hear Reverend Porter. I haven't heard him at least a two or three days. Talk about a chronic guest man. Oh, man. I wasn't this the guy who's like ultra right wing. I'm sure he is ultra right wing homophobic. Um, and narrow minded. That kind of stuff. Reverend Porter and atheist John O'Neill. Perfect for the holiday. Perfect. You into a holiday spirit. And they're going to be slugging it out and screaming and yelling and carrying on and calling each other names and showing you that it's love and brotherhood that really count at this time of the season. Right. That's it. Anyway, I want to well mention again. We thank everybody who's sending in and of course the tapes will be coming to you. Probably a year from Shivou is I mean just relax. Rich has got a smile on his face and he knows you're if you live long enough. You'll get the tape. But just be patient because we've got a ton. Yes of mail. In fact, we should have made Dennenberg come and open all a mail. Then he'd realize the incredible audience we've got here now. And he would stop fetching and getting nervous and carrying on and getting all emotionally would calm down and get a real life for himself. Okay. 3,480 bucks today. I think that's the biggest hat. So because we've had thanks to Frank's thousand dollars. Yeah, it is. I believe. That's an incredible total. That's a great thing. So that brings our grand total for Camilla sounds to 24,149, which means that no matter what the mail is tomorrow, we're going to go over 25 grand. So they'll be able to buy their van that brand new seven passenger van that desperately need over there to transport people from their medical clinic to Jackson and wherever and to pick people up who are far from their facility. And um...