Rotton conditions as if positions I am a trapeze Someone who's sleepy, someone who's keeping nothing in two days Want somebody first hand, someone to first and then go back to sleep There is nothing I like better than a jossle now and then With the hands under the sweater and the back that starts to bend But before my eyes are open I don't want to have too high From the simple terms still poking with the dimple for a pride Boys once, sexy and the morning, sexy and the morning Soiling the sheep, that's while I'm yawning suddenly spawning When I'm half asleep, someone unconscious Somebody not just waiting for a threes One, sex with surprises, sex with surprises Someone on the tail There is nothing like a lover who can satisfy your needs And the joy when you discover just how often he succeeds But before my eyes can focus I don't need him to surprise By descending like some lo-kissed on a field of sleeping files Boys once, sexy and the morning, sexy and the morning When I'm still not fresh, something that strikes them Someone who likes them, underling their voice Someone to take them, someone to break Someone to prod and someone who not and then just close her eyes It's 11 after eight on Zeta 4 That's Uncle Banzai and boys wanted in the morning And in the afternoon and in the evening and all the time Over night, it's a matter of fact two Okay, and the movie right line, now you're not going to do that story Are you about the baby with the two faces? No, but I know a lot of two face people, but that's another story Okay, I don't need to because Captain Dave has a great joke What is that? Dancing cheek to cheek or some protest thing like that We're not gonna say that, we're not gonna do that I don't think It does conjure up some interesting images though, doesn't it? Moving right along, we do have an open line in Brower Oh boy, 7, 7, 9, 30, 600 That's the number in Brower, 7, 7, 9, 36, 100 I don't understand that's during, how can you have two faces? Wouldn't it be something if we had Luke Christie in two faces, have I? That's right, I bet you we have that We've played it, didn't we? Lightning strikes, I do have two faces if I at home I can't bring my whole library in here Somebody played that for me recently Maybe I think it could be one of those things in there I think you're hip Really? Well, thank you so much Captain Dave Well, is it in the book do we have like a, or is that only for artists in what albums? Got only knows, right? Luke Christie, anthology, great Does he look in? Yeah, that's a very, very, very, very good Good, good, good, good Are you going to take a few minutes to look for? That's all right, thank you, Ty No wait a minute, that doesn't answer the question We have it I've heard it somewhere Oh come on 813, I'd say it a four, let's take another call for my Amiwathi continues wasting time here, hello How you doing? Okay, I just wanted to tell you guys that girl that called before me I don't want to be a boy Is it a great? Yeah, I wanted my husband here Really? I wanted to tell you guys that I have a Jason that was born on Friday the 13 Oh my god, boy, that's a big deal Don't you want to change his name before it's too early? Oh, he had to be a Jason, I knew he was a boy So he had to be a Jason But he was born on last year So he had a one month birthday Friday the 13 You also had a six month birthday at Friday the 13 So do you have different style hockey mask in his room? No, we agreed not to buy him any kind of, you know Yeah, I hope he doesn't want to be a goalie when he grows up in our side I would like to be very effective, I think the other team would all run And the other direction No, he's a good kid though That's great, yeah, just wait I wanted to tell you guys on the first time caller Just wait till he starts acting the neighbors And I don't mean asking him a question here He's a good kid Great, I'm sure you're not a president, is Darya No, no Okay, well, okay Well happy birthday to Jason Okay, thanks And it's not too late to change it now, just give it some thought No, we can't do this Okay, but changing to something, you know more kind of like Freddy maybe would be good Freddy, Freddy, yeah And if I look I have two other girls and they love that movie I'm wearing a shirt, I mean 4 and 5 Freddy, cruise Well of course number, the first nightmare in Elm Street Johnny Depth is in that movie I just mentioned that in passing because he's from Miramar, you know True Okay, okay Thanks the only reason trust me, have a great day Okay, you did Bye bye 815 on Zeta 4, we have an open line in date at 62036 100, the Johnny Depth fan club will be meeting at 11 o'clock It's more you're more my high Gathering around that life size that full life poster, yeah, maybe you know how this Santa Rea house here right in front of the station Maybe instead of that big statue of Mary We could erect a giant statue of Johnny Depth Perfect, we could what? We could erect a giant statue of Johnny Depth And we could change the name instead of 207th Avenue Drive or whatever, drive, whatever this is We could change it to jump street Wouldn't that be great? 207th jump street And this could be one and then that could be 21 Wouldn't that be great? So in other words, this would be a shrine to Johnny to Johnny Well, we're not far from Miramar Are we? No, we're trying to just be Just be mild up the road, is Miramar Parkway Well, my question is, we're not that far from the Miramar A diner that it's I drove my horse to buy Do the ducks stay If we make it into a piece I mean, do the geese Stay around the shrine like they do now No more of those cracked jokes Including the Oprah joke By the way, you wouldn't have been very proud of us We told the Oprah joke to the crowd It's specs on Saturday They laughed, yeah Cracked them up It's eight, eight, seventeen, a day before And moving right along, he's got car number one That was on here like an hour ago You didn't find Luke Christie You know, what a difficult question that was Only on this show, would I hear a story, a sixth story like that And then go look for a song called Two Faces Have I And as I was looking for us, go, what am I doing? Did you find it? We don't have it here Oh, God, I haven't at home though We'll bring it tomorrow I will certainly bring it Yeah, it's time Second favorite Luke Christie Recognux to lightning strikes, which of course is the greatest record in the history of music Okay, let's take one from Broward. We do have a Broward line open By the way, that's a bad home And boys in girl 7, 7, 9, 36 hundred Okay We just mentioned that in passing 7, 7, 9, 36 hundred Broward County, hello Excellent That was a good call That's one of the best calls of the day I think so Okay, day count Let's see if we can match it in day Hello, how you doing? Fine you Okay How's the bird? The bird is just fine as wine sir Fine Yeah Captain Dave is as a fact speaking of wine He's got a little grandma boon in there for later on, yeah What is that sir? You play the beanbow? La beanbow? Yeah Is that possible? It's possible Anything is possible I'm likely But Now we'll play it for you Let me find it Play it, didn't go to work You're sick? Yeah What's wrong? Got a cold Yeah Well, this weather wouldn't help it Where is it? White You're not right Lovebimbow? The President Reagan thing? No, no, no No, no, no I couldn't find lovebimbow When I was looking for it Oh, did you find it? That's where you're on Long Range right here I got it sir All right No problem Thank you Feel better Okay Bye bye 818 outzator for you You've always come up with these excuses You can't find this, you can't find that I want that Hey It's right I made up my mind Do you want my heart Gray rainavy Hell On realy September On the field Boy I'm just a trustee mose I'm just a trustee mose I'm just a trustee mose Come on, darling, our rights is a heck of a film ball She's fed the night on a boat going some go-ish hip-hop Concomendate your president, you fool around He quit the race, he quit the race Now you're wearing no excuses Now you've got no excuses, you've got no class You've got no shame but lots of fame Bimbo, bimbo, bimbo Hard and limbo, bimbo, bimbo, bimbo, bimbo Bimbo, bimbo Bimbo, bimbo, bimbo Hey, there's a lizard to play Who's that walk-in-whicker? Boy, it's Rita, a reader, Rita Jen-Ret We love you, it's on the island master's view We're top of Oscar McEurylman really Who's that over there? I'm asking you what you want, man Who's spawned? Who looks so pretty, so he had to teach frightened And I use the sign that you really have a horse And you want to be a TV user for her But you're really, really quiet Okay, now what was this you said? They won't give you the money that you want Is that what you just said? Come on, let's bring it out in the open Come on, let's stop with this cheap company You know, they're way, they're having lunch Finally, maybe would stand today You know, they wait till about four days before his contract runs out Playing fast and loose with his life And then this mung brain over here Doesn't want to give you the money that you want? Well, we still have it We'll just all walk out, it's, you know, very simple Oh, I like that, yeah, yeah We don't want to play hard ass It's a 21-page date On Zeta Fort, did you say it was up to 50 already? Yes, okay, he did, he did, he is Wow, fair breezy cold, high upper 50 Maybe 60 if we're all boy But loaded in the mid to upper 30s and it is 50 degrees currently at 822 Great, classic rock and roll It doesn't have to be a world To be a classic Fier, who are? We're not talking field hockey, we're talking football here This is it, the beg one, Super Bowl 22 This Super Sunday is the Denver Broncos go up against the Washington Red Skins Hell, this is Lee, July, inviting you to watch the game with me At the officials Zeta Fort Super Bowl party Hattening it with slurs Now kick off his insects But we'll be cranking up the party around four With coars and coars lights, fesials, flutty chances to win Dinner's at least three or four Winners at least three or four Lysens plates Cossets and compact discs A trip for two aboard the CSK, not leaving Miami for Laundail Ships registry behind me So come on, Hatt, root for your favorite team And watch the game with me and one of Wisley's four big screen TV Starting at 4pm this Sunday at Wisley's Located at 20505 South Dixie Highway at the Cutler Ridge Mall The official Zeta Fort Super Bowl party From the station that gives you the most classic rock and roll And football Zeta Fort Hey, look at the forming dogs Hey, got any for an alliteric tickets Or you can Oh, you got to do is walk this way Walk this way Walk this way For seven eleven followed in the mean go walk this way Don't read the night, there is seven in eleven Follow the mean go walk this way Now you can get your floor to lottery tickets fast and easy There at your participating number at 711 Where the good things come easy Twenty four hours a day All you got to do is follow the booming go Walk this way To seven eleven followed in the mean go walk this way Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Seven eleven night on day Oh, oh, oh, oh Follow the mean go To the flamingo since you walk this way Twenty twenty four on Zeta Fort we have a major crisis evidently here's that little accident there Bad accident on red road west of Opa Laka airport southbound from 159 to 138 Also Golden Glades southbound Extremely slow on nine ninety five and next is southbound on ninety five just south of sunrise It's backed up to Oakland Park Boulevard and northbound ninety five traffic around Davy Boulevard is backed up Oh, that's unusual Twenty four past eight see our Davy Boulevard either you hit the bridge or you hit the railroad tracks or if you're real lucky like I am both Yes, so I just I just don't go on Davy Boulevard unless there just is nowhere else to get someplace right anyway We have a major crisis here at the Zeta Fort in fact We have a major crisis in the building and it's called a case of terminal penny pinching that's going on once again with gagging at broadcasting And as usual we take our case to the audience because when you do it inside here, it's absolutely useless because they will they will paint it That fits somehow. Yeah, those goose-depress in Portland, but they just don't want to pay the fright the freight right do they it is a fright I'm serious they don't want to pay the freight for this show or for any talent in this radio station. They really don't well It seems to me they paid pretty well for a 1.2. Yeah, but they won't pay the repaying some people some untalented people some serious dollars who embarrassed and Degraded and humiliated this radio station and made it the laughing stock of the industry and now that we're here doing about a five share in December and kicking ass And number one and men 25 to 54 and with these humongous great demographics. They still don't want to pay anybody And as far as Stan majors concerned, look at the way they jerk Timoron man, just him it's embarrassing, you know And like I said last spring when I had that nine share on the AM I mean, what is it that you have to accomplish before they come to you on and Ben did knee and say hey listen, you really you really done it and we're going to reward you finally reward you for it the way we should And if we can't sell if we got incompetent sales people or we got 8 million other excuses you don't worry about that because that's not your problem. You're doing your end of the bargain See they won't do that they just want to do that way they just want to pinch and they just want to you know get something for nothing and in life I've learned a long time ago it's very unusual you get something for nothing you know what I'm saying Doesn't happen So I don't know we'll see what happens Do I have any I thought we may have a little leverage since that book came out Yeah, you notice how it worked for me didn't you Yeah, we have these corporate meetings we got to go to and I can't justify it out and our salesmen all just went from a mental institution to You know just they got more excuses than Carter's got pills man. It's got that's got to stop I mean everybody in the world is listening to this show In fact the only two commodities right now don't want to insult any of our colleagues because obviously we've got some talented people in the building But I'm talking about solid hard numbers. Okay. We're talking Ass on the line as they say okay, even the other morning as they say and Saudi Arabia talk us off and tissue Okay, we're putting it right on the line all right And that's right even the other morning shows are listening to the show because they're just dazzled and they're trying to steal our material and Basically stand major on an AM and issue on the F I'm where the numbers are okay I realize that somebody over there on the AM I somebody's gonna get better on the shape because they're gonna say well look at tendin to it He's still had it. Yeah, he only lost like what half of the audience Yeah, and then the younger demographics in December. I mean is like nothing left and like I said I hate to keep saying it because he's a super guy and I love him to pieces But that show man. I mean let's get serious. Okay, let's get cereal from 73,000 to 19,000 people in three months That's losing 70% of the audience So we know where the shows are and he's two radio stations. We know where the people who want to put up some bucks and pay for it Are they gonna continue giving these damn excuses excuses right Gary? Why? You're getting a little testy here this morning Well, that's why I didn't like that story. You just told me I didn't really it takes me off It took me as they made a commitment to you and you've made you know put put your life on the line really To get up at these unconscionable hours and give this thing a shot. We've done it incredibly well and And nowhere along the line by the way have they ever you know, they've always been oh get him off He's you know he's killing your show. He's terribly said idiot. He's a bird brain We don't need any bird brain on there at no point. Do I believe unless I missed something? Have they ever said well? We were wrong, you know and have they? Have they ever come to you in a apologize and said man? We I guess we were wrong as usual now and Neil was right. How about that? Yeah, and isn't it amazing that all those people who came out on Saturday wanted to see all three of us Yes, they did once again. I trusted your instinct and it was again correct Hmm, unlike them we went against them. So yeah because like I've said when you're dealing with management in this business You listen to what they say you do 180 degrees the opposite and you're going to you're going to do a big number man. I'm telling you because they're morons They haven't got any clue if you turn them loose and put them on the ear and let them try to do it They'd all points okay it would be in a minus column. That's what you're dealing with in management in this business. They're radio rejects 29 past eight and see to four well, it's true. I know it's true. And this is the way I felt yesterday when I walked out of the bill and they offer you like half a pound of hearts mountain a month There's something like that. That was it. Yeah, like a little like an extra cuddle bone. What's there Me three months. That's the raise for the bird And for cats and Dave they it's better fact. They give him a monkey in a in a organ And they say here. This is our this is our contribution to your income. Go out in the corner 200 go up by the Santa Maria house And do a little organ grinder there. So they have another meeting with me will see what happens. I don't know if it'll be today or not But see what they see what they come up with. Yeah, when you tell them for me that they suck. Okay. Oh, already did that. Yeah, tell them again They suck too many broken promises too much BS and not enough cash And then they got all these stories about well the reason this what is making so much money and a reason I don't care about the reasons it just happens to be the facts of life You know what I'm saying the facts of life and they can't cope with that because they want to continue in that in that fantasy land of nickel and diving to death ladies and gentlemen. And we are going to sit still for it. We're going to burn down the mission without engaw on Zeta for here he is Okay, it's 830 on his Tuesday morning getting a little testy a little excited because we want you know this is become a very popular show and we performed a major if you find that expression Major miracle. Yes, perform miracles on an AM now we're immediately performing miracles and this was a station that needed Something remember Mike in the mechanics all I need is a gigantic miracle, right? Okay, and we did it and they still have a baby My I this people are standing at half of the world trade center in New York. They're writing them jump and unless you back off and leave us alone They're going to jump and just give us some time give us a year or two give us five years and let's in friends when we talk about the other talk. Post on this bucket We don't want to talk bad about them because we don't like to knock friends What the hell was that all about? I like to put him in on a morning. Okay, see what kind of a number you get with him. Right? With that sailor cap. A good buddy. And I was driving by McDonald's. You don't know what it's like, friends. I didn't have a dollar in my pocket. I had the kids in the car. The dogs are the roof. And I was dead. I didn't know what to do. And you don't know what's like not to be able to go to McDonald's. You get a big Mac. That's really desperate friends. The dogs on the roof. Oh, that's pitiful. Yeah, they were up there with Figaro and Big Dave. I'm telling you one thing, Big Dave. If Craig were thing ever meets you up on the roof run for your life. Or anyone else? Well, 832 on say to four, let's, well, just take some more calls. I got an out of my system. I'm sick and tired of these. A radio among brains. These, uh, penny pinching douche bags. These people got nothing but excuses. Okay. Turn loose the cash, baby. And then what he said, well, there isn't any cash. Is that our fault? That they go to Chattahoochi and they bring sales. People in from there. He is a, now, Sirish, that we had a bus load from our KDA yesterday. Come in here. They were auditioning for sales jobs. I couldn't believe it. What the hell kind of a place is this? Well, we're bringing some people in from New York. I said, oh, really from WABC from Oh, no, from Bellevue. Oh, no. You know, seriously, get, get off of this already with these nutsos. You know, it's just what we need. Another couple of funeral partners on this show, right? Got all these 18 and 20 year old listeners out there. And we're selling, uh, you know, colorectal tests. Well, I like the fact right. And you're sample in the mail. How about those arthritis? Oh, yeah. Let's have a few more. Those arthritis, uh, linemen. Okay. Well, we ought to give them, you know, that little dipper that goes into the bottle. The arthritis stuff. I like to, I know I'd like to put that. Yeah. That'll cure your arthritis right in there, man. That'll loosen you up for Christmas. Okay. Let's take some work. Oh, thanks. Go to Dave County. Ella, my Emmy. Are you sure you got it on your system? I, well, a little bit of it anyway. Are you absolutely sure? Yeah. Okay. I'm in that face on here. It's called, I'm sorry. I apologize. I just wanted to call you. Um, I tuned over to excuse me for doing this. But I had to get away from one of those screaming remi. Car commercials. Yeah. I tuned over to 1194. Oh, God. Rejections. Yes. And maybe you'll claim that disco party records yesterday. Yeah. You're a playing rock about by his cover. Oh, boy. I wonder where they got the inspiration for that. I have no idea. Probably the same place where Dan Rather got the inspiration to use the word Apple Plecting. I just just heard some inspiration. I know if wasn't for me, man. The whole human race would drut nobody would speak to each other anymore. They'd have nothing left to say. Oh, you need to get a record play in this market. I'm your station. You got it. That's your aim. I guess I'd refer it. You get funny looks for laughing in his car. You see, you'll get on a bus. We're seeing that tour walk into the show. Yeah. I can imagine, especially from the bus driver. These listen to TMI. Yeah. Well, anyway, I'm making a work. And I gotta get going. Okay. Have a great day. Bye-bye. 834 on Zeta 4. Captain Dave. I thought we were going to play a rock to boat again today. Wasn't that the one? I think it'd be right here in my hand. Okay. We got to play a spot here that I'm kind of overlooked. And referring to what she just said, you might want to say, hold on. It will be right back after 60 seconds. It might be a good idea. And what if I don't want to say that? What if I want to say Captain Dave screwed up? So we have to go away for a minute. But we'll be right back. Based on 24 months, financing to world-dominated financial cooperation with the proof credit. We need a participation in ethics savings. It's our record in the first days over 20,000 people have attended Toyota's port surplus sale. If we were unable to help you, due to the crowds, please come back. It goes all week at port Everglades and Joe Robby Stadium. If you have any reasonable offer, we'll be accepted and even some unreasonable ones. World Omni Finance reps cut your payments $50. $50 every month on every Toyota. Puring to port Everglades on state road 84 or Joe Robby Stadium. 20,000 people have been to Toyota's drastic port surplus sale. Your chance is to light till 9 p.m. Now we've had a ball, was no more. I don't know where you go. Now they're back with a better attack. You'll have to be your eyes are shown. We're just figured it out mathematically in my little nimble brain. It comes out to like a bucket of quarter an hour. If they want to give you for that big raise, you can't even clean the cage for that. You know these people out of their minds are what? They think they've been exploiting a lot of us for years. How long do they think it's going to go on? Are they crazy? You know that figure is absolutely correct. Yeah, buck in a quarter an hour. That's right. You're right. You don't think that big time morning show. Major market tomorrow. And congratulations, you guys did a five in December. You're kicking ass. You just pull off a miracle. Here you go. Here's the show. We're going to give it to you in increments. You don't give you a 50 cents now. And they'll give you a bus fare next hour. I'd like to give them bus fare, okay? The wear. To a big market like you know, when Dixie. Not my winddixie by the way, stay out of there. Yeah. Oh, I just can't believe this past can you? I know. I couldn't believe it. But we're going to let's see. We're going to play a little bit of this. Oh boy. And that's what we're doing this morning. He's not appropriate. They don't like that in his business. You're never supposed to rock the boat. I don't want to go to the boat. I don't want to go to the boat. I don't want to go to the boat. I don't want to go to the boat. Okay. Let's see what we're going to do. Now, what we're supposed to do will play a little of a rock. You're baby by George McCray. I mean, those two are like almost, they were out of the same time. I like that. They're like synonymous. You like it better? Yeah. I would agree with that. Yeah. I really like the sound. Yeah. I like that. I like that. You like it better? Yeah. I would agree with that. Yeah. I really like the sound. Yeah. In fact, one of my favorite records is Machine Gun by the Commodore is this was out at the same time. Which I heard in a bar in Tampa, in Renée's in 1973, and it was quite a moving experience. Uh-huh. But I don't know what that has to do with anything unless, perhaps, Casey is listening. What were you drinking that night or eating? And what were you wearing? I don't remember what I was eating or wearing, but I remember what I first saw when I walked into that bar. Like it was yesterday. From time when it wasn't going to be okay with that, but he just came running in here like this. I'm going to take it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to take it. Yeah. Yeah. 826 on Zeta Pooer. Speaking of idiots, here is Paul. So I have no idea what this magazine is. No. Wait. Wait till you hear this. This is the January 19th issue for those who know what it is. Yesterday. Morning personality. Neal Rogers, it's data for Miami is ill. Some say it could be serious and lingering. We hope rumors are not true. What? Meanwhile, though, his absence allowed Joey Reynolds at W.S.A.C. to make some strong headway as the book started. Reynolds with sidekick Bill Marshall never sounded better. Have you ever heard such crap in your life? Where did that come? What is this magazine? The pulse of broad, oh, it's another one of those broad chasing magazines. Can you believe that? Oh, probably. Should they never sounded better? Well, I got news for her. If he never sounded better, that's a hell of a commentary on his career. Because if you listen to him lightly, man, it's just like he's going through the motions. They forgot to listen to him. Isn't where his baggy pants anymore? Really? No. They forgot to mention you were sick in between the ribs. Is that interesting? Well, there were no ratings being taken. Could be serious and lingering. Now, Joey's problem is serious and lingering for about 30 years now. But that's another story. It's called No Ratings. That's like a wishful thinking. A wishful thinking. I can't believe this from pulse. For what? I can't remember that. I can't remember that. But it's really good. I played the night promise in stones. I need you tonight. You think that leads. Well, that's not getting into that. No, that's not getting into that. I think that leads you. Let's only go on a station. You can play stones? No. Or play stone? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. It was good as to say you were. I saw that. Yes. Am I right? It's a black and white rainy. Yeah. Oh, rent this. Yeah. Makes no sense at all. They got the ellipse and the glass. As a matter of fact, I know who those lips might belong to. Huh? 643, on Zeta 4. No, it's on a rock and roll, but I'll lock it. Yeah, yeah. It's on a rock and roll, but I'll lock it. Yeah, yeah. I'll lock it. I'll lock it. No, no. I'll lock it. I'll sit. I'll get to say. But this song always been a long way. It will be the same. It will be the same. It will make the journey of the night. Oh, I'll go. A solar rock and roll for my life. Oh, I must sit. I know, I'll fly. A solar rock and roll for my life. Oh, I know. A solar rock and roll for my life. Oh, yeah. I know. A solar rock and roll for my life. I like it I like it I like it I like it I like it I like it You know their restaurant last night. He ran relations and all of three plugs. You got Dan all over TV channel four must have some kind of incestuous relationship with Marina because man did they give him unbelievable free coverage like every day when a new restaurant opens it's commonplace for all the local stations to give them like about a three-minute plug right where it and tell everybody how great the food is I'm not gonna tell anybody where it is I missed all right think about it okay like he really needs the money yeah you know what I'm saying screw him I shouldn't say that he's okay is a great quarterback and a wonderful guy and he's got big lips it's 12-4-7 I say the four no I'm just I'm not into that like self-serving jump on a bandwagon let's raw raw for the sting and the hurric do I say the sting yeah what is the name of the team again what team the basketball team all the heat oh they heat no what did I say the sting well it bizarre must be the constant coming up anyway or whatever it is the hurric gains all the stuff the shill stuff you know yeah one thing to be an athletic supporter but let's get serious that is a good name though yeah that's the sting and that means the thing better yeah we better call a police that's a better name okay should we take a call before the news couple lines open and day in the course as soon as I said that we're gonna play a five-minute cut almost everybody disappeared you know that's the way you people are you have no staying power anymore remember back in the early days of the show I guess the novelty is worn off is that what how loyal they used to be our loyal ziddlestick they would hang on forever yeah to get to talk to us now it's like he's playing a record scrum that's like that kind of stuff yeah can we take one from Broward County sure hello hello Neil hi I've been trying to get a hold of you since first came on the air and a tow bar on the FM used to call you on the AM really with the ones from Rochester New York and Canada Dagua area we used to call you uh huh but let me tell you something that happened um we went to um I love the reverb on the car yeah that was a bit mistake that's right and we ordered some white hot and we had the mail to you direct from air fair you know air freight yeah what happened to them um they were they were refused when we sent them there why is that I have no idea if they said come to my refused and we mail them to the station customer refused yeah oh I got out here they weren't not by me uh uh maybe not by you but they were refused because that's what it said on the box well that's great isn't it? it was returned to us oh my god well listen I thank you anyway for the sentiment I wonder who the idiot was here that did that well I don't know but there was an idiot there that did and then we weren't a lot of idiots here yeah and then we weren't being able to get a hold of you any because you had gone into the FM and every time we tried to call you lime was busy hmm but anyway that's what happened and it was refused by somebody over there and I just wanted you to know that we did do it for you well I appreciate the sentiment was there and that's what counts but anyway let me tell you something else yes somebody driving around in plantation with a driver's license I'm the I mean you know one of the license plates I'm the front it's a Z8 and 94 and the Rogers why order how did they get that I have no idea but I saw it in plantation it says night of Broward Mall it says no Rogers on it yeah it's a Z8 and 94 in the corner then it had Neil Rogers and the other corner but you know you don't know where they're getting them I have no idea we don't we don't have them they must have had that done themselves so they must be but they're there's runs couple of them in the Broward Mall or couple of them yeah there was they ran the front of them you know in front of their cars well somehow I feel pretty stupid you know because I know nothing about that yeah well they're there I'm sure that our promotion department was nothing about it either because they're real stupid well they're around trust me okay listen have a great day and thanks again for the sentiment I'm sorry that they didn't get here but I didn't get a hold of them but you know well okay thanks I'm not ashamed yeah some jackass sent my white hot to wait my sentiments exactly Robin Williams new movie good morning Vietnam is number one at the box office it was the top draw earning almost $12 million and it's first weekend next on the list was last week's leader three men and a baby with eight million dollars in ticket sales and a third-place shares brand new release moon struck with five million dollars by the next film on the list is called return of the living dead part two oh I can't wait for them that's that's about hell and yeah it is as a matter of fact a story for Stan Major now couch potatoes will rise up from their sofas this weekend at the hi-at in Lincolnwood Illinois that'll be saturday in Sunday the couch potato weekend it's called and that will include a discussion of TV therapy and also potato Olympics and I have a feeling there's not much to those I don't know anyway I have an 800 number if you want more information if I'm putting on the skins myself one eight hundred two two eight nine thousand to get you more information on that get it potato skins I got it I got it I got it I just wanted to make sure you can order L.A. law when the capital A the shut the hell up okay the pilot for the NBC series will be freaking me out again it'll be in the pilot will be in video stores in March it's a 97 minute cassette in a features the episode that won the show three Emmys including one for best guest star who was Alfred Woodard one for best directing and one for best art direction partly cloudy today with a high of 82 Lottalites 70 and it's 70 degrees at Zeta 4 at 653 Lottalites 704 it doesn't have to be old to be in classic for it's the Neil Roger show on Zeta 4 656 on a Tuesday morning here on Zeta 4 for delicious incredible Mexican food served fast without the fast food taste you have to try fiesta tacos in Kendall now the not your average fly by night taco stand fiesta tacos has been a business for ten years I'm getting choked up just thinking about it and everything they serve as cooked from scratch it's not incredible look at that I just looked at Captain Dave when I said that and he just totally panicked everything they serve as cooked from scratch with only the freshest homemade ingredients and believe me you're going to taste the difference at fiesta tacos tonight is taco night that means from four o'clock this afternoon to closing you can get your choice of three beef bean or combination tacos for only two bucks in nineteen cents it's a great deal it happens every Monday and Wednesday night wait a minute just a minute it says it's a great deal it happens every Monday and Wednesday night at fiesta tacos is today Wednesday are have you become like a tongue tied or something in there now what what is your story I'm talking on the phone oh I you're talking on the phone yeah well you know one of my duties is to answer the phone oh I see what excuse me okay now I was a little confused because let me say again it says tonight is taco night at fiesta tacos and it says it's a great deal and it happens every Monday and Wednesday night and what's the night's not Wednesday oh hey is it right am I screwed up here like I thought to the yesterday was sure was not Monday is somebody playing a trick on me is this really not Tuesday well somebody call and tell us what day it is well anyway if you're into burritos you've come to the right place because fiesta tacos this is Sherry Valencia when she comes in here I'm going to ring her neck like a chicken okay by the way speaking of chickens the Santa Rea house must be doing okay do you see the big white elder rado sitting in the garage there no no no yeah I like the neon light behind Mary's head this must be doing real good yeah well it's a little halo anyway if you're into burritos you've come to the right place because fiesta tacos there's something biggest burritos you've ever seen I mean a burrito so big that even Jeff Streccher would be invious you would be with your choice of feelings like beef chicken bean and combination burritos and you've got to try those potato skins which we were speaking of only moments ago jam pack with great combinations like beef and cheese chili and cheese chicken and cheese and traditional sour cream and onions biesta tacos is open seven days a week for lunch and dinner Sunday through Thursday till 10 Friday and Saturday until 11 for the very best in Mexican food is biesta tacos there at 139 21 north kindle drive in the kendea lakes mall in prestigious kendel