Hello. This is Michael Jackson. Urging you to help stop the spread of social disease. Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar queen. I urge you to do like I do. Go at alone. But make sure you wear protection. That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove. One on either hand, the Michael Jackson glove, adds the security in peace of mind that I want to do it myself. So remember, before you put out, put it down and... Well, Michael Jackson glove, proving once again that a bird in the hand is better than one in the bush, a better than sick one models for extra stimulation. Alan Box was a normal man, with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Un... believable. Terminal. There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Alan Box is suffering from... Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just say no to El Herald sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from femurocpines. You know the n-fence, it was like, oh, Neil, how can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I get you anything? How about those bag boys at Windixie? You know, it doesn't hurt to look. In... incredible. Neal Rogers to seize a growing South Florida epidemic. Please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night, you know what that means. Hey, you know what I got? I'm not. And nine. What's Lee Fowler got? Three points out, thank you. Send your tax deductible contributions today in Caribote 105. Terminal. Unbeleivable. So Vester Stallone stars in his most challenging role since Rhinestone. Yo, Mandy, and you came, and you came without taking, and now you're pregnant. Stallone is Manalo. And Barry, first-wamp, part one. It's America, man! Diana D'Acoba, absolute yo. Coba, coba, with my old name. Rex Reed says, I love the costumes. Gene Siskullic sclaims, four stars, yo, absolutely. Roger Ebert says, past the popcorn. Silvester Stallone, as the limp arm of the law. Barry, first-wamp, part one. You're the disease. It I'm the cure. This death, yo. And coming this summer. I don't you, I've a water bar. Roger Howard, in. I don't you, I've a water bar. Peewees, last adventure. I don't you, I've a water bar. Hey, young man. Yeah. Listen, I've seen you hanging around my house and I was. I'm talking about what did you need to buy? Wasn't here now. I'm going to put it this way. Yeah. Wasn't you who did the push-on? Put the stains upon the cushion. Put Prince on the dashboard upside down. Hey, what? Wasn't you, you, Barack Obama, messin' with my daughter, Jill? If it was, you'd better leave this town. Well, we're going to say it. Yes, to a die, who did the push-in put this time, the phone your cushion, put, went on your dashboard upside down. Yeah. But since I'm messing with your daughter, I've a trouble passing water. So I guess we're even all around. What are you? Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Stay alive. 735 on Zeta 4. Lots more to come, don't panic. But you know, we have to do these important breaks, right? Right Captain Mung? And let's see. I guess we'll do this last. We'll be right back. Look no further. The best place to get your kicks is that kicks lounge in the Cypress Creek Marriott. Kick lounge definitely has out Florida landmark. Come on by for the Kick's Daily Hungry Hour buffet weekdays from 5 till 8. Feast on delicious or dirt, salads, cheeses and pasta dishes. And it's no secret that kicks doesn't charge you any cover at the door. Wednesdays, it's time to round up the office and join Zeta's Captain Dave Caprita for the work release program in your chance to win plenty of prizes. Two day through Sunday nights from 9 till 1. Check out the sounds of sequel performing their best in three sets each night. Sequel, a 7-piece high energy show band appearing through March 6th at Kick's Lounge in the Cypress Creek Marriott. Just one block west of the Cypress Creek exit off interstate 95, the North on Andrew's Avenue. Tonight's your night at Kick's Lounge in the Cypress Creek Marriott, but please don't drink and drive. What's back to back and never been funnier? You're right out, easy mate. No, it's a solid hour of give me a break followed by Benson at 6. This is really big. Then at 6.30, it's all your favorites in an all new time. We're here to establish mass four or double seven. Catch the masters of mayhem and tell evisions all time classic. Mass and it's seven. Before I go to my room, I have to say one thing. Family ties in a fun field family hour. So catch the new lineup for week night fun. Give me a break. Benson, mash and family ties. Week night starting at five on channel six. Then on tonight's eight o'clock movie. One, two, three. They were young and alone together in a forbidden garden of Eden. TV case and really lame star in paradise. It's tonight's good love and movie. Tonight at eight on WCIX TV channel six. 737 on say to four and Pembroke Pines, Miramar and Hollywood, a tense C.O. on its party time. Wednesday to four in Polar B. Red D.T. Riots concert tickets album CDs. It giveaways in the best in rock and roll videos and sports. Polar beer specials in Captain Dave Caprita as your host for the evening. Manicized everywhere is like a disease. And it's coming up Friday from 8 to 11 p.m. at D.T. Riots corner of Palma Avenue in Johnson Street. And the next day in Pembroke Pines close to Cooper City and Davey Captain Mung. Can I make a comment about D.T. Riots last night. Dave McLeod the owner of D.T. Riots invited a number of us from Z.A.F. and wins to come over sample the place, surface up some adult beverages and some great food and yours truly had a number of adult beverages. No problems. No problem. I can sleep late and of course what happens at 2.30 this morning. Of course. But anyway, we had a good time there last night. And I was just wondering if we could come over to see everybody there. Friday. That's a good no wonder he looks like who the the tallest morning. I was trying to figure that out ever since I saw him. It's a 7.38 on Z.A.F. Are you saying that we well there's only one of these people still hanging on. Are they still there? Hello. Yeah, I'm still there. I'm okay. We've been hanging on the long time we want to get you on before we start playing all this other junk. Oh, well, I wanted to call and thank you for playing all those things. It's hard to catch those things when you're jumping in and out of the shower. You can catch that. You can catch a lot of things on this show. Yeah, I know. But I said that lady who called a couple of calls back. Yeah. Could you believe the questions? I, yes, especially having worked into places that she's worked for. She's she must hang out all by herself. I believe in people. Oh, I see that. He has like delusions of Oprah. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. What I usually tell girls like that who ask me those questions. They say not only are you barking up their own tree, but you're in the wrong for us. Yeah. Like sure would for us. Well, all right, just one of the first time call are good. I have a call on say hi. Okay, see you later. Okay, bye, bye, bye. Boy, boy. Okay, I'm badly got a money. It was a good call or 21 to late on Zeta for. I keep those tapes rolling me because we got some of the greatest stuff in a history of mankind like. Tired of the same old restaurants. Try the cafeteria centaria of high allia. How much is that doggy on the menu? I'm sure that the sheds out of jail. That's right. No matter what the weather's like outside, it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria centaria of high allia. Will make your stomach stop rolling and make your neighbors happy. Yeah, I know. And I'm sure that you're not going to be able to get the best of your life. You're going to get the best of your life. Yeah, I know. I'm going to be the best of your life. I'm going to be the best of your life. I'm going to be the best of your life. I'm going to be the best of your life. Will make your stomach stop rolling and make your neighbors pit bull at the same thing. Talk about delicious. Hmm, your meal is always fresh. We can get right on the premises. For a heavenly meal at a sacrificed price. It's the cafeteria centaria. Try it once. You'll eat there religiously. How much is that doggy on the menu? The one that is fried in deep fat. that please bring me that dog on the menu and bring aside order of cat. Walk run or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria San Toria of Hailia where we give new meaning to the word at food her lyrics unintelligible G.B. is back with all your favorite hits on one big album. It's G.B. Nicks. What the hell is she saying? Yes all her classics are here you'll get mean and the incomparable. G.B. Nicks. What the hell is she saying? She's a good one. G.B. Nicks. Inaudibility. This is T.B. Nicks. Other most nebulous. T.B. Nicks. What the hell is she saying? But I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I'm the throne again. Yes I'm sitting on the throne again. Never again will I eat Mexican. It's got me sitting on the throne again. On the throne again. I'm in trouble if I'm writing down the highway. On that throne again. It's the only thing I get to come out my way. I can't stay. I gotta go on the throne again. Yes I'm sitting on the throne again. Will it hurts me to the living end? When I'm sitting on that throne again. I gotta go on the throne again. It's a moving experience. I'm sitting on that throne again. It's day when I wake up. I still have a home I wake up. And say a lot of praise for you. Finally but 10 records set. You've been waking forward. Can we face unbelievable new album? Here's the rock. I crawled out from under. I put six ten tons of makeup on. Then my husband does it with Jessica home. Oh, bed if our cold and go I will. I'm all strong now down Boos and Peep. It's all here. The heartache. The pancake. Rock of ages. Here's my face. My mascara. Only raise. Tammy face. Here's the rock. But I crawled out from under. Don't you buy my new album? If you don't you'll burn in hell. You'll be the way you'll thank you. My support leads out. And says he has a lot of communication. I tell him right away. Now listen here. The decade your heart will be shown. It's not the one in the nation. All the faith give about it. For so being true. You're not true. I'm not your one. Tell you. You're not true. I'm not your one. But I'm a brave, a nice, nice, nice, nice. Feet your job. Our Friday's all be jacked up on the Sabbath service. I'll be ready to pray. I'll be standing now. I go present the altar and the choir now. She'll be singing a way. Be true to your choice. My smile. It's for your town and say. My smile. Be true to your choice. My smile. For your dear guests. My smile. Be true to your choice. Please get down. Get me a ticket for an aeroplane Go get on the wheel of fortune game I just got to win, spin the wheel again Oh, Vanna, pick me a letter Back from what do you mean? Back right on, tear how much money I got to spend Can't stand to look at that say, Jack again Won't throw in the towels, still I buy your powers Oh, Vanna, pick me a letter Hey, man, what do you mean? There's no heaven for Vanna, pick me a letter Hey, man, what do you mean? I don't want to be a little bit better I dream about you Hey, man, I don't want to be a little bit better Vanna, I don't understand why you make 100 grand Not for me to say Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane Gonna be on the wheel of fortune game I just got to win, spin the wheel again Oh, Vanna, pick me a letter Go get on the wheel of fortune game Hey, get out of my face, back Does that have to be a... Is there an L in that word? Is there a Lerider? I'm right here, Vanna I forget the letter, man, I'll take Vanna Why you beautiful, Vanna? You're a meeker, play the home game Got me a ticket for an aeroplane All right, I'm on the wheel of fortune game I just got to love that sound I'm in the bonus round Hey, Vanna, pick me a letter Lose a turn, hey, pack, loose day Vanna, pick me a letter No one does it any better I dream about you, all right That is an oil-vertain Vanna, I don't mean to stare But are you wearing underwear? Not for me to say Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend Can't stand to look at that say Jack again, won't throw in the towel Till I buy your powers Oh, Vanna, pick me a letter Please, Vanna, pick me a letter All right, I'm ready to pick, baby FECD, FGH, take it I'm a big one, T, you'll be WX-YG That should come, Raman All right, I'll take the sofa, the blender The microwave, the refrigerator I'm in five, what do you mean five hundred dollars For a second, like five and portable TV said You got ripped off, man My brother would not forget to be a whole sandwich Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man All right, I've got the $750 for it It's amazing Captain Dave is out of the weather We wish him a speedy recovery, however he is not so sick That he doesn't want to muscle in on the act Because as a message down the screen Captain Dave called again To suggest that we play some of his IDs as bits Is it a kill? Yeah In fact, maybe we can even play that thing He did for you know who on an AM Oh, he just loved the fact that he's doing stuff for the AM though Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Well, when you listen back to this tape You will know that the big story in the news February 24th In the story 24th, 1988 is Jimmy Swagger And a motel resident said she regularly saw him Visit a CD section of town in Baton Rouge It's an area of town known for the Not the hour of the night Not losing the night. It's a section of town known for the by the hour motels You know, and prostitutes Peggy Carrier 39 of resident of Tony's motel So the New Orleans Times that detectives hired by the rival evangelist Marvin Gorman Question her about swagger activities Now I know what that show is going to hit It's in the case of the hour of power She told the detectives she had seen him on several occasions Visiting the nearby Texas motel And the travel in where he would park his luxury car in the rear Oh, but he did Not that many American athletes obstruct goal in Calgary But ABC ABC Yes, it's like the captain Dave there But ABC He's a little bit too far ahead It's like a story Art says he's shocking Anyway, it's coverage of the winner Olympic Olympics I've done real win over the weekend I've enjoyed 21st Gephard 4 places in the top 10 And ABC is the number one network Overall in BC is number two Number one show for the week ABC's Thursday Olympics Followed by the Cosby Show ABC Saturday Olympics was third Followed by a different world With Lisa Bonay And 60 minutes We're going to see the Clotty today with a 40% chance Array, no we haven't Acts and then a roll over I 95 Southbound near 60 second Avenue Is it like 40? Yeah, and Alibar is back So we welcome him back We're glad about now we can get Captain Dave back That's like a carry Yeah, you're right Mostly Clotty 40% chance of Showers with a high of 77 today Loginite 64 The fog is burning off And it's 70 degrees now At Zeta 4 at 752 The Nita Roger show On Zeta 4 755 On Zeta 4 here on a Wednesday More of you and I have your Dom and you're wondering what's going on here I mean, I'd have to be a genius to figure it out We're playing all these bits Not all of them but just enormous numbers Of between not on a clock For all of you pain and ass people out there That keeps sending in cassette When you please tape this and when you Please stop that we don't have time to screw Around with that okay? Right, so we're giving you a chance of a lifetime And if you got your cassette rolling In fact, you can start it now Even if you're that stupid Or maybe you just got up That's a good excuse You can stick your cassette on now Just put it on record and let it roll For the next hour and a couple of minutes And you'll have all kinds of great stuff right? Great idea Right I've got some shun On WINZ When there's a hurricane floor And baby, it's still the month of May From 26 I guess you say What can make me feel that way Stand major Talking about stand major Stand major I've got so much honey There's a bee in me He checks the bubble colours While he's smoking on a stingy I guess you say True till 6WI-NZ And you'll see standing major Talking about stand major Stand major You're in for you to hang Hey hey Hey hey Woo Yeah Out of ease of the station On my radio I got a non-porer locked in baby Which stand major on my radio All together now I've got it I guess you say Double you I am too easy to stay Stand major Talking about stand major Stand major You're in for you to hang All stand major Smoking a cigar baby Stand major Stand major Come on stand Hey Neil Yeah I hope you beat me in the ring You're better than I am Even the competition agrees The Neil Roger show on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach is the best morning show in South Florida I think I would get the 9th year on an AM station As a year old in my Tokyo I think time is the quietest You got no problem with me Even the other morning shows Listen to the Neil Roger show On say to full I hope you beat me in the ring You're better than I am I know you must feel the same way after all these years You've been able to take me a while Sometimes when you have a problem It helps to talk with others who have the same problem Okay, I will show you guys on the share with a group now I will do it I will do it Thank you very much sir Hold on, I will do it You'll get me orders from WC's Patious first I will get some peanut butter Nanarsamber's I will do it I will do it Listen to an encounter session At your local L.A.N. Center L.A. Where chronic L.A. L.A.C. L.A.C.L.A. Go for L.A. I want to again, what was that you saying L.A. Well sir, I think it's time The people stabbed to skirm and night And it against us Famiel and personages of A.L.A. You know I got so burned See you Thank you Thank you I learned to recognize the early warning sign Switching Switching I can't control my flames Swing in I'm all shook up Incredible weight gain More Twinkies play At L.A.N.A.N.A.N.A.S. We understand that impersonating L.A.S. Is not a career It's a disease So sweet tender Love is sweet Give us some free So please Say much you can To L.A.N.A.N.A.N.A.N.A.N on Agree Good Morning I got my career Well soup But then ride out all of L.A.N I'm making my money Much more than ringo honey Even more than John Lennon's sonny But not more than Paul No, so I'm singing this song Goes on much too long It's such a repetitive song You see what? See what? See what? See what? See what? See what? I mean Shine, I thought my career was true I checked it with my group He said to sing this song too So now my career is true I had some career But I don't have ringo's nose I guess I can't complain My song will drive you insane You wish my career was true Your wish in this song was true It's nothing but John Who? Who? I have a real low IQ Low IQ Don't be dead Career is true More boo boo My guru Hey, hey, what do you say? There's something new in McDonald's today Hi, I'm Bob from McDonald's And if we've got a surprise for you A brand new item you're gonna like Whenever you come here on a bike For every bike rider with every purchase of a triple cheese sandwich A free pair of McHandkuffs Ser pink and green and yellow too In every size A pair for you So come in here on two wheels You'll be leaving on four Why you admit to it was registered for free bail And remember our motto Our burgers are fresh We never bread of now hands on your head Turn around and spread them At McDougles Yeah You'll be your rider overflowing You'll be the damn of Bob the bus But I don't know if it's the wall Just take off down the hall There's a bathroom on the right Don't know how much floor Just move on down to doors There's a bathroom on the right You'll be turning the thrift of chief to Kila You'll change the balance of the gym You'll be your head Be kind of real and You'll see the room being spent I don't bother my mistress If lunch you're gonna lose There's a bathroom on the right Don't know how much floor Just drive the pool and bus There's a bathroom on the right There's a bathroom on the right Language tape number six The convenience store Follow along and repeat Convenience store manager Hello, may I be too happy in your place? Repeat Hello, may I be too happy in your place? Customer Yes I would like a pack of Parliament lights Convenience store manager You want a Parliament light? Repeat You want a Parliament light? Customer Yes I would like a pack of Parliament lights Convenience store manager Disappearment light Repeat Disappearment light? At least when? Customer No Neither one of those is the Parliament light Great No, is it this one? No, it's not that one You want a Parliament light? Yes, I want the Parliament light, please Is it the Parliament light? No, the Parliament light No, no No, no No, can't you see it's up This one right at the moment No, no, no, no Over there by the dirty magazine What can't you see? Listen, laundry head It's a Parliament light No, you see Turn this tape over for language tape Number seven Ordering Chinese food over the phone Sounds good to me It's 805 on ZetaForce We continue with the greatest hints of your life Right? That was the same Mm-hmm Funny It seems like there's an echo The secreticity On the Glenhill show Anyway, we are in some wonderful Wednesday The fog is just slowly but surely left and not there Let's do a little weather Okay And then we'll just continue with all this This is great I could do this every day In this spot? Yeah, this brings back memories What's even more fun is finding out Which of these are so loose on the car That's my favorite No matter what you do There's that air I like that Well, I you know you know I enjoyed that Yeah, I did Mostly cloudy with a 40% chance of showers Like a bathroom on the right That was loose Yeah So it was nice to you to play that though That's one of my other times I'm favorite Hi, did I 77 loaded I at 64 And I was just over at the AM And I checked it out and it's still 70 degrees The small morning The sound of the alarm The unzated four In New Orleans They have Mardiqra In Brazil They have Carnivom But Miami Parties Faster The Glen Free of Miami Thousands of people Partying the sleeps As 28 World Champion drivers Come thundering down Fisting bullmark Have 200 miles an hour It's everything New's week magazine Called America's Casa Blanca Excited Excited Finsuit A little on the wild side February 28 The Grand Prix of Miami This Justin Grand Prix ticket sales Our 30% ahead of last year's Sellout We've added Grand stands Hurry Tickets at Bass Outlets Barons Rose Otto Or Call 665 Race Cheers Bring you Funtibi on 33 Weat nights at 730 See what am I going to do for I'm at a good beating Tonight Sam returns to his playboy ways Uh-oh The geneticate on Florida's Superstation WBFS TV 33's Prime Movie It's my tutor Karen K. He's going to teach MATLAB Tansy more than the French language Now I'm going to teach you a skills That all young men should know She's the kind of teacher That'll make guys What does they have to school? It's around her today Don't TV 33 Fimpy Kates is off to private school You think I'm doing the right thing with Jim I mean I guess I'm kind of scared She's going to learn all about That 3B's Boys Boys And Boys We did it 730 Cheers To an egg at 8 My tutor To an egg at 8 Private school All on TV 33 Florida's Superstation WBFS TV 33 He's the first kid on the block First kid And he gets up Right in early Well you know he's a little nutty Time to nutty And you know he's a little squirrely Time to squirrely Well he picks at you through the hole And the record Just to say hello I can see what you're all doing out there In the morning, I'm zada4 radio It's the new Roger Show Good morning, Neil The boys Spongebob God take him to the grass The party's closed He likes to smoke him He likes to smoke him At Pueblo Tiger We make computers But we're always asking What if What if What if Bananas had the peel and the inside What if mother Teresa married as a husband Would she bite the heads off dubs? What if Don Johnson could act? What if the president was a hamster? What if toilet paper Or never invented? Would people still shake hands? Pueblo Tiger Good, I can Asking irrational questions But have nothing to do with computers God myself In a pinch Oh, in back To the bench Bye, boy Ginsburg God caught up By some pot Not a lot Chanceshot A-a-a-a-a-a-a Ginsburg No one at my age could help of all it Set we can admit that We enjoy It On the court, I'd rain Supreme Up in smoke God was My dream In spring, spring, spring… This is my story, its strange but true I'm about to loss, but I want to He took his force and ran around And do every single, stable in town And I have to crack a stone, he suddenly appeared in the East Guns No matter where you're diving every stable in July You're gonna see that around you, oh big as we apart, I got to a small chain She's super fast with those makes sounds strange But there's some people out I'm telling you, oh, oh So that's my show of this, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I wonder how we get to round you, it's beating every touch the ground Not people listen what I say, but give him to talk every day It's the moment of the story from the guy who knows Trying to give him something before he goes He might be a Leo who wanna be from the phone Or maybe like my show of his up, I'm in the phone Yeah, give him something now, no matter why you're diving He's a whole new team I wonder how we get to round you, it's beating every touch the ground Not people listen what I say, but give him to talk every day It's the moment of the story from the guy who knows Trying to give him something before he goes He might be a Leo who wanna be from the phone Or maybe like my show of his up, I'm in the phone Yeah, give him something now No matter why you're diving He's a whole new team I'm on everybody's feet You're skits, I'm just a sucker You know that's right, I think you do Hello, everybody It's a lie, I am not a Nazi Just when you thought crap co-records couldn't possibly be more tasteless And I believe, I'm a clean, done for Brooklyn I met this year, counten Give about to Tadishu That's right It's the cat-skilled cowboy himself Dr. Irving Paycheck Singing the all-time greatest hits of Nashville I still hear the account You gotta know how that beat him Know how they're cheating If you wanna leave the good light Keep a second sit up booked And who could forget this flavorful cut? Brooklyn relax In all the wrong places Looking for relax I'd buy my vacancies Follow these stuff Be sure there's no Gases, abounds, or to my soul And no collection of old country music would be complete Without Dr. Irving Paycheck's dietary classic I was co-shed Manko-shed, Vaasn Kul Yes, crap co-records proudly presents The all-time greatest hits of Nashville Those not my amnmimals To order Nashville hits Dial 1-800-A-X-Bah Dr. Irving Paycheck Cousins got those not my amnmimals Yeah, wait It's a good time for the great taste Thunder that My name is Figaro And I'd like you to know Everywhere I go I hear me the Roger Show Young man are nice to me They bear their chest free There's just one problem They don't show rest to me I am very happy Living in this country And the whole bit was of the deal on just four It's the deal on just four Oh, the deal on just four Oh, the deal on just four Wait down the down my amnmimals Down with dope comes in And it's where we go And our shipman really really And we don't have to worry we won't get re-fall The police will not first start it as long as they're paid off The police will deduct she's slippery My name is Barry, sing like a fairy I write dance songs about romance While I'm wearing a stand-acquoise I'm trying to shrimp me, my songs will be I had a series of big hits That was back in the 76 now, no one wants to hear They only laugh and steer, they won't admit They say all my albums, because my songs are queer Got a nose shape, like a banana My two fans both live in my 10-off Got a nose shape, like a banana Oh, my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta I write the song I've got a hunker, the size of the anchors When I get a stop-top nose, I get twisted You know, hoes, but now I'm on the case My life is back in place, and so I'm singing again and sticking My shn eyes in your face got a nose shape Like a banana My two fans both live in my 10-off Got a nose shape, like a banana Oh, my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta I write the song Like a banana Like a banana Like a banana Like a banana I sell for virgin airlines, I'm pushing me alone My music's up for sale too, and he won't around the globe It's on TV, it's on Rio My songs are in my movies, yes I'm sold out baby I'm reading in the dome I look like grandpa, my son I'm barely three feet tall And there's another two weeks I have no hair at all Still I've been on my own advice To that I'm not an actor There's all my love to pay me I'm breaking in the dome I'm sending out night today I'm sending out night today 836 on Zeta 4 This could be kind of a regular feature And you watch every day or something like a couple of hours Okay, now listen, you want to Be a good man, I can make a hit So many A burning Taking no chance All I do is scream like I'm in sin Don't mind so much of sound the same I can't believe that he won't sell me My agent told me not to change Ovin So I guess I'll keep on yelling Don't mind so much of sound the same The burning's all just left at last I dream so high and make the dust Countless Don't mind so much of sound the same Yes my songs are sound the same He's big He's bad and he wants you Say I am some butter He's a street wise cup by night Say you all under arrest And our presidential candidate by day Don't be old to get in that old woo woo Carl weather is action Jesse Jackson He's a ramen on the stove Or I'm buffed in a film Also starring Don Matsus George Bush And Oprah Winfrey as the state of New Hampshire It's the president's in our seat But I also want to put out Jim of the green Action Jesse Jackson Coming soon to a primary near you We're going to be free way But we hit a lot of traffic and got stuck In a two hour delay So we pulled out our pistols and we dealt with the traffic in new way We use our guns guns guns We're driving down the streets of the neighborhood We're driving down the streets of the neighborhood We're driving down the streets of the neighborhood When I've ever round I go out to people pay I come back late at night With my fingers all splattered red We'll hunt as I eat the most And the wind around driving on the coast I want to shoot a hunter blast to the bat off of the road With my hand gun shoot shoot a hunter Shoot a hunter shoot a hunter Shoot a hunter yet blast it off of the road He's everybody had a man All across LA It all be pulling their guns out On the old freeway It'd be firing a few weeks What's in the Champions Everybody's going crazy Driving in a lane You're gonna tease me It's making an issue All of the old folks are with a mom The check in the city is No they never say please Just wait for their lips Special to come The way still waking and good old hunting Searching for the false teeth They left in a glass And how they claim that there's a talk host to blame What they know is their own damn fault I'm just kidding Она yums We're shut up Its a bitter dish How can we see about it? The야 rexhales bism嘛 After training And once they are seated, they get overheated And start stuffing roses, we're in low in their backs Waste in a way, a can in good old hardened Looking for that long lost problem of you And how did they say that it's all of truth But for some, and undermine the blues The old folks don't know the reason But nothing is pleasing The muscles aching that they just don't fit But what doesn't matter? When they call up Neil and Chatter I hate you, Neil, never listen to your shum But waste in a way, a can in good old hardened Just a box of metal, musul and a radio And how did they claim that it's a talk host to blame But Neil knows they can't wait for his shum And how did they claim that it's a talk host to blame But Neil knows they just can't wait for his shum Don't you love a little chirp on there on the phone Okay, not a clock right on the nose here on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach is in that concludes Here we go From hell, it cuts to the men on ground, look like a crotchou Smoke big cigar drive fancy cars on kayak yoyo Adios, Sergio, Senor Ferrerra A couple of things you've ordered, but you clearly Now make my adios needed, clear now But those reports are still for the only order where To house the sun, the new school, but how is Basile Folks are canceling, sobs rip shots by the tazzy Miami's Q and rebel, luched on stall though Thanks to Miami, Erraldone Adios, who had to go see Njurterrera Now someone else is a city in your chair No, San Francisco, but that's okay, you got the Njurterrroll That's for the town, but you'll have lots of time to spare Black beans with rice, Miami-Vice, or roast them for yoyo I'm sure some private hot show will employ you Belior, but it's hard, you're for a bit swear, they won't show Smoke big cigar drive fancy cars on kayak yoyo Adios, Sergio, Seniors, Ternrroll Accompladic, you've ordered two different rams Now, my amigos, they didn't care, but those reports are still for the only order where to house Unbelievable, that's gonna be, and already as I just checked You're right, it's number five Number five with a bullet, and by the time the hour ends, it's gonna be in the top three, I'm positive What about South-Aid? I'm in the Kenno area And South-Aid, how about Pupernix? Okay, we'll give it a shot You know where I'm talking on South-Aid, see how I way there? Yeah, I know exactly where it is. Okay, happy porrum Adios, now did you do the ID? Yes, I did, that's right, that's right I did it live, okay, but if it'll make you happy I need it, yeah, I hope you beat me in the ring, you're better than I am Even the competition agrees, the Neil Rogers show on WZTA, Miami Beach, Fortlottard, Allen, and Palm beaches is the best morning show in South Florida I don't get the nice here on an A.M. station as a hero in my country You're like, stay down as a quiet, if you got no problem with me Even the other morning shows, listen to the Neil Rogers show on Saita Full I hope you beat me in the ring, you're better than I am Thank you with me, and I can't see my sense You're off the dance record, the winner is the first of 40 B.G.s cuts in a row on Saita Full Saita Full As we go, B.G.s intensive Okay, there they go, flying high over Thar Island I bet you they loved it when Crystal came into the pink I bet you they really loved that, I'm surprised they didn't cut a record on it It's a 903 odd Zeta Full in a next call is from Broward County, hello Hi, how are you? Good, I like to pick a place How are you doing? You know who this is? Who is this? You recognize the boy? No, I'm doing nice this week How you doing? We haven't heard from you in a long time Are you going to talk to this young lady? I'm not doing anything, I'm just sitting here in shock What's on your mind? What do you mean? You don't have it heard lately? He needs all the helping and get honey You're always need to have a helping and get Can't just help with stress Are you knocking Stan Major on my show? Good, because don't try it Even if it's true, okay? Okay, well it's sure interesting to hear from you Have a nice day Oh my god, wow, I happen to hear on her best behavior I know five months later Before you want to do a little weather here Then I'm going to do shells Sure, I'll buy it myself, I think Should I do it myself? If you want to do something with it here, let me take a look I can do something with it Okay, mostly cloudy today, 40% chance of showers High 77, low 64 tonight And at last check As we last spoke today, writer on his magic weather bus But we're going to update here Wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap Any yet? Where's the money Dave? I think he too did read you Well you were pretty close, 72 now, I didn't give it a temperature I didn't give one yet Well that's what you were going to say about it Yeah, it is, is a matter of how you felt that Anyway, if you're looking for the very best And I do mean the best mouthwatering seafood and shellfish Anywhere in Miami and Fort Lauderdale, Larded Larderdale Then you really got ahead for shells because shells is in a class by itself And otherwise the food delicious but the price is so reasonable You can come back time and time again I give it to these humongous bowls overflowing I mean like falling on the floor and your lap with delicious shrimp And all kinds of great other seafood And the shrimp scampy by the way, so good that it's triple x rated in Fort Lauderdale And the prices are so reasonable that you can't even cook it Yourself at home for that kind of price That's how great it is And don't forget tomorrow night, now what's going to happen? Yeah, it's going to be a day with supposed to be there with us with a date Yeah, that's right Take David and I are going to be there and also Bob and Harlan from Cooper City, Hyde This maybe they'll have to sit in for Captain David and his date Boy, now this is an interesting Now I wonder which one will be well anyway But from 6 to 8 tomorrow night at the new shells, which is just open recently And that's on open park Boulevard just over near a federal highway near a US one A quarter mile west to be exact of US one And again, we'll be there filling our faces from 6 to 8 tomorrow night And the big day will be more than happy to show you a picture of his Ferrari And we'll all be just having a marvelous time But you're going to want to be there for sure and taste some of that delicious seafood Because shells is a seafood experience at prices that you cannot afford to miss as they say So we'll look for it tomorrow night from 6 to 8 at the new shells And of course don't forget there are two other shells locations in South Florida as well And you can go out and the street and look around for them It's a 907 on Zeta 4 Neil wakes me up with a smile Drink my coffee, and punch him down with a donut We'll see the world that's gone Get ready to go to school with Neil We'll see the world that's gone Time to work in my walls with a darling Neil We'll see the world that's gone by dial We'll see the world that's gone by dial Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil I wonder where the six-sized was coming from Isn't that cute? From your little bird Ten pesos not unsafe to four and noticing guns will be long from ten to three Ten to midnight whenever he's on And I'm conscious, Grilla, no today's got blocks from the Blues Brothers, Jackson Brown and Jeffron Doe. Don't say, 10 to midnight. Don't say that. It could happen. I know. Come on here. Hey, buddy, you love a new world with Dad. Moving right along. Let's take this call from the Dave County next. Hello. Dave County. Speak to us, please. Hello. Yes, sir. What up? Don't be on a get off that speaker phone. Come on. Don't try to impress us with your speaker phone. Yes. I can barely hear you. That's because you're on a speaker phone. Why'd you get on a regular phone? I'm on a court list. You're on a court list. What? Okay. Hold on one second. Let me get you. Get the other one. Would you please? He's a nice guy. He's a nice guy. He's a nice guy. He's a nice guy. Yeah, that's pretty exciting. It's not my Detroit. Hey. Yeah. That's what? What? We got to record it. So that means I'll send you a tape and you record me one. It's 11. I have to nine. 9. 11. I'm not even digging to find that with a response, right? Let's go to what? What for? Or one. Did you erase one? Because you don't want me to go to one or is one that? See, he's getting so far ahead of himself now. It was one. Okay. Don't get carried away in there. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Pal, how you doing? I missed you. I haven't talked to you in a long time. You missed me? Yeah. Oh, that sounds really emotional to me. I want to hug and squeeze you. Oh, great. How's it? How's it going to be later? How's it going to be? What are you doing? Driving dead. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? You mean that horrible thing that everybody says is so bad, but they can't hear it often enough? Yeah. I need to hear it. It's so bad. Where is it? That it's wonderful. I've been at this back here. Yeah. That's when you probably put in the secondary stack. That's right here. I'm going to stand on it right now, sir. I've got it right now. I got my hand on it right now. But I'm not going to play it right this second, but sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes the sour don't panic. We got an hour. Okay, I promised kiss you for it. Okay. Okay. What do you look like? Um, well, like about six foot. Yeah. Uh, hundred and I don't know. I don't know. A hundred and ten pounds. Sixty, somehow because I look late now. Really? Yeah. You doing steroids, too? No. Well, me know acids. That's good. Both hormones. They have those steroids, but I'll tell you the kill you. So milk. You know, you know, the one of the side effects of steroids, I'm not making this up either. Is, um, how do I say this now? Yeah. You know, you don't know what it is. Well, I have an idea. It's continual erections that won't go away. Yeah. I've seen the effects. Have you really? Yeah. Wow. That's why I haven't taken me yet. If I'm going to move, I think I'm going to want some while taking it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. Okay. So listen, what did you want? Oh, you wanted the driving dead. I'm dead. Okay. It's coming up. Okay. I think that a theater near you. See you. Bye, boy. Wow. So that was an odd. What a proposition that was. Nine thirteen on Zeta four. Maybe that the brother used to be at how 105. What is her name for? Right. Maybe she'll call back and explain that last call. So I thought you would remember her name. No. Forari. She doesn't. I never heard of her. I hate to break the news to her. Yeah. She's to be on a hot one. I mean, I have heard of that bitch Patty. Me and GTO. Tested G-bicles news in the morning on hot one of the. She Michael McGay. Uh-huh. Wow. Broward County. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. You know I'm getting some storage. Come on. Get serious. Would it please? You're not that desperate, are you? I'm going to healthy young man like you shouldn't have any problems at all. Yeah. Well. Five or ten times a day, right? Right. That's a minimum. Okay. That sounds good to me. Hey, forgot one bit. You know I listened to the major show I called the other day. He's got the screen. Did you put the screen on? Oh, the screen is in the other room. I don't have that kept on there. I've kept it. They've hidden away in a very desperate place. You know, let's see. They've got a hand there. That's my fix. To listen to the show. I have to answer. Do you really? Yeah. Okay. Stand and play that does it. Is he pleased not playing that, is he? Oh, no. He's not playing. I thought you were. Thank God for that. You do it when you hear that show. Most of the soft Florida does too. But today it's going to be a real picnic because we're going to be fun doing up there and it's going to be great. You just want to hear that today. Today ought to be a good day for change. Yeah. It's a good time. It's a good time to ask for me. Oh, yeah. And I'm going to see don't get that show going. Boy, it's going back to line that again. I told him a day stream story. Never do it. But why? Get to the point now. We're. We can't take it anymore. By the way, here's an interesting tidbit for you. It says on a screen. This is a good. You're not going to believe this. River Phoenix is on the cover of the January issue on vegetarian times. I wonder what they're trying to say. That's funny. That's incredible. Somehow it's appropriate. No wonder he looks so pasty and pale. You know, I got this picture that somebody said he really looks tragic. He's ugly. He's hurt. He's hurt. He's hurt. He was, you know, getting everybody excited about River Phoenix. He was. He's growtask. He is gruesome. Yeah. He doesn't look anything like, which is named the ice cream story that we can't mention. Brian. Brian? No, he does not look like Brian. Oh, no. Unfortunately, right. Yeah, that's one other thing. I went out with the girl from Dave Wrighters show. That does that. And I went out with her last night. That's not maybe you could call and let me find out how to put she started the date. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, boy. I got a bit. I've been on Zeta for a while. It's so easy to work for you. I'm sorry. Why is it so funny today? You know, that sounds like it's got a hiss in it. Hi. I'm so glad you called. I had the best date. I have to tell you about this. First it was with the stunning George. He was into horseback riding. And when I told him that I was too. He invited me to go to his grandfather's stable to go riding with him. Well, first let me tell you George was just looking to see what he was doing. I had ever gone out with. I mean, I'm talking silly. He really built. He had six lawn hair and the prettiest eye. I mean, like baby, baby, blue eyes. And he was about five foot eight. And well, as soon as we got on the horse, we went riding into the forest. It was so romantic. It given him with like out of a movie. And we were surrounded by all these trees. And told him how much he liked me. And he couldn't wait till we got back to the stable. Because we went on a hay ride that night. And I'll never forget it. George and I are going riding next weekend too. Come back tomorrow. And I'll tell you all that another day that I had. Now, we didn't even get to a kiss today. I don't believe she's going back out with him. I don't buy him. She may be going for a temple in the hay, but it'll be by herself. I think he was interested in getting back to the stables in a hurry for a different reason. The animal lovers and get upset if I said what it was. Nineteen on Zeta 4 and let's take a cool, cool from Broward. Hey, are you doing great at a spy report for you? Okay, let's hear it. Lay it out. You're playing the bits I tuned over to the glove. Yes. And they had this elderly psychic on. I mean, this guy made Mickey Dane look like, I don't know what. Like a real snappy. Anyway, at the end of the hour, they were ready to bid him goodbye. And they also got started applauding. Oh, I like you all have a nice life now. Oh, my God. Wow. And he was for real. I'm amazed. He didn't say boy. I thought it was great. I thought you might want to know. Well, that's gone. Glad that they're getting some interest in guests on that show. Wow. They need something over there. I don't know what they need. You know, they're playing more music now. Hey, listen. That's joyous playing more music and Greg and Donald are playing more music. Let's hear it for all these music. That's just people. Hey, and her. Herman and McQueen can't be found anywhere. They're playing so much music. That's it. I got a good idea. Neil. Yes. You can have the 9.7. 6 numbers. Why don't you get one? 9.7. Neil. Yeah. You can call them a subhuman monk brain and a lot of money can get made. Okay. Well, listen. If my friend Dave Ryder wants to do it, I'm ready. I love it. Take care. You too. About time I shared some of that money that that maniac is making. He's making bags full of that. Okay. I know. What did he say? They had four and a half million calls in January. That's right. That's right. To his services. Yeah. Anyway, moving right along. Let's take one from a Vulcan Hax. Hello. Hi. Hi. This morning. Great. I thought I'd say in a little bit on Howard Stern bit. Oh yeah. Good old Howie. She's still on the air. In fact, I was up to my sister in law's wedding in Edison, New Jersey. Right. Allen Dines Day. And some of the relatives came in from New York. And for some odd reason, one of them asked me, I've ever heard of Howard Stern. I said, sure. They said, we ought to listen to him. And Monday, they play the best of Howard Stern. Right. What was it for Ben and I was? And he's about as amusing and entertaining as a kidney stone. Mm-hmm. All he did was read an article out of a magazine about some movie star that was divorcing his wife and living with his babysitter while his cohorts female made snide remarks about it. That's probably going a bit. The time. Not Robber. No. Robber and William's is what was my thought you were talking about. Robber and the sidekick. No. That's the. That's Robben Quiver. He's talking about Robin Williams. Yeah. He. I need no about those Robbins. He's on the. Uh. Don't not lose it now. Don't don't cover people. Oh. That's about that's probably what he's reading out of. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. And he probably don't know the name Leonard. But I'm the guy that brought you the bagels that morning. Oh, great. We appreciate it. I never call a radio show, but I had to call you for this. While they were grittless and Howard does only make a million years and I'll worry about him. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. See you later. Okay. But at least I don't look like twisted sister. Oh, man. All right. I didn't want to work this robbing you decide. Okay. That's enough of him. Okay. That's the thing that's enough for today. It's a nice Howard's been in small doses. That was, you think that dose was small enough? In addition to which that machine is so screwed up now. I'm like this. You know, it's just my imagination. But you heard it with your own three years. And tune machine number two. We don't want to get you know down on the engineers again. Because they did a sensational job on almost everything. Okay. Now the cart machine's are all messed up. But one thing at a time. Right. We got the clocks the right time. Right. CD player cues up. Mm-hmm. The phone thing is like eight million times improved. The first call got on and sounded great. And equality on the phone and the RF is out of there. Mm-hmm. So one step at a time man. And the earphones are great. Yeah. And even the music is improved. Okay. See, I'm beating to the punch at the time. I beat to the punch. I stopped it before you started screw it around with it. Okay. We're going to break now. We just dimension that in passing. Gonsers grilled today. Yeah. We already mentioned this. But we'll mention it again because it's on the log. Jackson Brown. Blues Brothers. And do I have to say it? Go ahead. Je throw and dull. Ha ha ha. What happened? What happened? You see what this is? This is like for you. Yeah. Okay. Now we're number one. Okay. 923 on Zeta. And of course the last time you gave me a card it was some long thing. So here's Gonser again. You're trying desperately. You can play that. You're sure. Yeah. It's not x-rated, right? And now I need if New York impression and New York Echo. Who? Shut the fuck up. Oh, that's good. That was great. Thanks a lot, Gons. That's really good. That was a Jeff Gonser who brought that in in case anybody in the audience is wondering. Okay. That's G-O-N-Z-E-R. As in G-N-F. New Rogers, the Rock and Roll Monster. I'm 24 on Zeta 4. This is for our illustrious program director who's done such a human work in this morning for the Alien Captain Day. One of his all-time favorites soon to make the playlist. Here's Terry Stafford. Every time you kiss me, I'm still not so much of a lie to love me. Every time you hold me, I'm still not so much of a lie to kiss you. No, you keep on saying you really really love me. You say the same words to someone and when I'm not there. Session. Oh, it's my heart. Session. Heaps us apart. Session. Why touch you? Every time you call me, I'm telling me, we should be tomorrow. I can't help the play that you're meeting someone else tonight. Why should I romance just keep on calling me so so? Why am I so down for when I never dream of a star? Session. Call me and my heart. Session. Heaps us apart. Session. Why touch you? Darling, if you love me, I beg you. Wait until it's a long run. Wait until I drive over this foolish fuse out of my mind. Why can't our romance just keep on calling so good? Maybe I'm suspicious cause you love this so hard to find. Session. Call me and my heart. Session. Heaps us apart. Session. Why touch you?