It's the memorial to Aversion of the Neo Roger Show. So stand up on your bed and salute. Here comes that bronze star winner himself. Neo Roger. Can I ask you a stupid question? Let me say it again. Can I ask you a stupid question? Is there like a whole sentence on here? Uh, what is that? I just turned around the... It's all that for the first time. Is that something where we like hang one of the engineers from there or something? Looks like it. It's like a new... A patriotic symbol of some sort. Yeah. Well, that is strange. Isn't it true? Maybe we could hang one of the management people from there. Let's take a poll and find out which one. So anyway, it's 551. Nine minutes till six. And isn't this great? Kim is already on the door. She's no fool. She realizes today's a holiday. She's already probably on her way home. She is. She cannot tear us off away. Oh, well, that's because she heard a rumor that we were playing some aerosmith in the first few minutes here. Yeah. And she got his stare. Didn't you? Yes. She's got a big, we have blow up now. The Steve Tyler that she's taking home with her. I hope you have a wonderful morning in a great holiday, Kim. Okay, I bet you will. It's nine minutes before six on Zeta Four. And there she goes. One of the great Americans. She really is. And she, one of the unsung heroes of Zeta Four. Everybody talks about all these other stiffs. But nobody gives Kim by any credit. And she works those graveyard hours. These thankless godless hours. And they are thankless and godless. Anyway, it's going to be a real crappy day. So if you got any plans for today, forget it. Okay. This weather has got to stop. Doesn't it? When does this stop? Uh, it's that time of year. It's the rainy season. What do you mean it's that time of the year? I was thinking about that yesterday. The rain was just pouring down in my swimming pool, which I haven't used for a week because it's raining every day. And I was thinking, you know, this rainy season. It's just another congain that they play in Florida to make an excuse for the crap weather. It rains every day from May to November. Yeah. But not all day. I went swimming yesterday. Did you really? Yeah, late in the day. And usually one of our new writers. No, night swimming. About five. Clear up rock. Yeah. I'm a big entangled. Not entangled. It's always raining in plantation. Never stops. Well, you knew that before you moved in there, didn't you? I've been a plantation for years now. Can a wise Kimba backing up what did she do? She's coming back. Is that her? I don't understand anything that's going on here. It's really bizarre. No, that isn't even her. That's somebody else. Oh, no, what? I just put away all the commercial she pulled out from you. You know something else interesting. I don't want you to panic, ready? But I noticed the delay machine is pretty dark to me. It doesn't look like it's up. There we go. That's your makes a difference boy. He's right on top of the day. He's standing by. Oh, I see. Not you, anybody do a little somebody. I'll Peter, who was pretty busy in there over there. No, no, what is it that he does? Seems like the same thing Kimba does. No. No, I don't think so. No, I'm at what is it that he does to keep him so occupied. That he doesn't have time to pull the spots. And did it just to come and courtesy stuff that one person does for the next one in this business? Well, you know, you talked to some of those women. You've talked to some of those Peter Moon women. Oh, I mean he loses on the phone with some of these slots. Is that what you're saying? I didn't say any of that. You talked to some of these desperate slots. Death for it. Anyway, it's 5.53. We don't want to get into that because we got a lot of important things to do here today. I can't for the life of me figure out what I can't even. Most of all, I can't figure out why we're here. So if you people don't call it that you're really going to get it. Okay, because it's a holiday and they said, now, I'm going to show you that I'm mentally ill. I'm not well because when they offer you the day off, and you say, oh, no, we'll all be there. There's going to be something basically. Oh, he's doing it. Now you've always thought I don't like to be beholden to them. Well, you. I don't like them acting as though we owe them something. Oh, you know what I mean? Is that a deal? If you do take the day off, see this way, you kind of like, store up when you really do want to be a third. You say, rather than we'll all have to reserve this matter. If even big Davis here this morning, which is pretty exciting. Yeah, it is. Yeah. I have a figure out story today. You do. Yeah. This is the time, right? Wow. Okay. Do it right now. Now, yeah. Yeah. Because after six o'clock, we can't tell those kind of stories. Right. So now it's done. Oh, then let's save it. Let's save it till some people are listening. Okay. Big Davis back from Hawaii, looking fit and chipper and white for God's sake, he isn't sleeping. I have no idea. But it's only, it's only, what is it? Oh, he's only white and white. And it's also partly cloudy in about 80 something. And it's not rainy either. It's beautiful. They're trust me. Okay. They don't have a rainy season like this one. They know. They may have their own form of the rainy season. But I like this. Now we're just puked and forged down every single little. It'll be okay. For months in a row. Trust me. It'll be plenty of heat coming. Oh, I don't know. That's not the point. It's even hot when it rains. But the point is, at least have a little sunshine once in a while. Yeah. See the winner. The winner months here are like December and January. I don't mean winter, but like winter. The good months are in the winter time. It doesn't rain that. Exactly. But boy, once it starts getting into late May and where we are now, it rains every single day. And it's the pressing and gloomy. You know, I was out yesterday afternoon. I saw a billboard on Teltyxie Highway. And it said the loto is now worth $20 million. Yeah. You've seen that bill? Well, nobody wanted Saturday. Oh my god. You know, 20, that's a lot of millions. Oh, so in other words, you're going to go on by my ticket today. I don't know, but it makes me think I should because my god. For the first time. Because somebody's going to win me. I'd like to point something out to you. Okay. Your chant when it was, remember when it was like 3 million and then it was 7 and then it went to 10 and then it was 12. Your chances now that it's 20 if we are not any better than in fact there are a lot worse. Okay. There's a lot more people are going to be buying tickets. So last week, there were 14 million to one. So let's say half a gen is many people go on by tickets because it's up to 20 million. That means it'll be over 20 million to one against your winning it. Okay. Now I understand that probably like 30 million to one again. But you have a better chance of walking out of this room into the general manager's office. I think it checks for 2 million dollars made out to you. Then you do a winning that lot of times. That's a hell of a way to put it. Exactly. You have a better chance of opening up your next paycheck and finding a 10 billion dollar bone. Then you do a winning that lot of it. Yeah, but that's 20 million to one chance of telling Gary Lawrence to go to hell to go to hell. I mean he's not a very nice way to put it. We got to weigh these things. So I'm saying yeah I had a different way to put it but first of all. So he'd been given before six. The second word was off. I know that. Anyway, it's three minutes before six I'm saying to four and I just called and said that somebody won. No, I saw the bill or yesterday afternoon late at night. Well we don't know because we don't have a paper so we don't know any facts. I just say I saw that we don't have a score. That's good. That's a good start but we have no a Harold and today being Monday you use list today doesn't print on on a holiday. That's correct. Or on the weekend. So if you're a tissue buff when the hell do they print? Why not they do print on tissue buff. Oh do they. Well I know life should boys. They were a little shaky getting here. I know that life's frightening. That's right. So here's the scoreboard. The lakeers look like absolute garbage yesterday. Okay Dallas beat a 1-18-1-0-4 to top their series into a piece. The NBA playoff still have a long way to go. Okay God. Oh yeah boss. I'm going to be right today and of course so hockey is over. I know that breaks your heart. I don't believe all the college world series. I guess we should congratulate the hurricanes somewhat. They won the Atlantic region again. But you know Ron. I got to say this when you're playing Toaston State, James Madison and Vasor. There's got to be something a little bit. That Ron Fraser's got a sense of humor that's not to be. But they played teams with girls on it this weekend. Okay. I mean let's get serious. But anyway they wanted to go to Omaha again to the college world series. We wish them a best of luck. But you know they're not going to be playing Toaston State up here. Toaston State. Did you ever hear us at your school? No. You didn't hear anybody else. I never heard of it. This is why nobody sort of found you. Now now we do have this arena football. Now you have that coming out. Yeah. All right. Okay. Well, no. We don't want to lump them together. We don't have a special school. So here's the major league baseball. It was Sunday. So that means we got a load of games. Rawers 70 Indians to Toronto for the White Sox. Three. The twins beat the Tiger 6 to three. Can't say proud of the daylight side of Texas 12 to one. Baltimore beat the Angels 3 to 2. Oakland 5. The Red Sox 4. And the Ackys beat Seattle 7 to 3. And actually Dodgers 2 Montreal 1. The Padre's beat the Met 6 to 3. Philly's beat the Giants 4 to Cardinals beat the Braves 2 to 1. The Red's 4 to 2. The Pirates are only 3.5 out by the way. I mentioned that in passing. And the Asco's beat the pathetic Cubs 7 once. Okay. That's it. So there's a scoreboard. It's a minute before 6 on WZTA Miami Beach and all the rest. And today being a holiday, I promised that we would bring out a lot of old stuff today. But we're going to first before we do that. What is he doing on earth? He doing something useful or is he just doing a drill round? Oh, there he is. I'm excuse me. I just didn't see. We have all this. And these pictures have been moved or something. They're just moving the curtain in. So they've narrowed down the view that we have. You notice that? What the hell were they doing in here this week? I must have been something really raw. You're going on an controller. Well, that's a classic. When they have to close the blinds. Yeah, something very bizarre was going on. Yeah, these rock block party parties. Yeah, party parties. By the way, the music was killer this weekend. The state was incredible. And tonight from what is it seven a midnight? I do know a lot better. But I don't have anything on it. From seven a midnight, we have the King Biscuit Flower Hour Special with all the best of the live concerts. Uh-huh. We're going to be giving away some CD sets. And also somebody's going to win a set and a CD player. Right? Did I get that right from the top of my head? Sure, dude. Well, I'm really sharp as a monster. But they aren't I? But it is kind of strange if there's nothing in here on it. But that must be just an oversight. I'm Rose's part because he's got a lot of spare time. So anyway, I went out of can and spent a lot more of my money this weekend. Oh, not again. Well, no, I want you to stop and think about something. He's a great program that telecom car this class of gold mine hour. The only problem is we don't really have a lot of music in the library that fits in it. So he's content to let me go out and keep spending my money. And the station isn't doing anything to buy music that fits in there. Hmm. Of course his idea of, you know, would dot of him. We do have dot of him. Okay, but that's not exactly my idea. So it's because he's a poor person. Paul review the Raiders on CD. I just bought a look at that. And he just mentioned that he must be getting excited. And you'll really be pleased to know that I bought permanent vacation. The second copy. Just so I don't have to keep bringing it back home. Oh, that's good. Yeah, back up. Got some incredible stuff here. Got the Herman's Hermits. Wow. Wow. The BGs, including Knights on Broadway, the real thing on CD. Rick Nelson on compact this. Wow. The original cuts. Classic rock with the, you'll even like this. Steely Dan's on there to bunch out this stuff. Paul reviewer and you're never going to believe this. When she kissed me, I was born then she said goodbye. Okay, beyond and beyond of the Bell Monster. So many, big day before we get all set, but that's his problem. Because I think he's show. But he gets his own show. He can do whatever he wants. Like, I just thought we'd run down a few of these real fast. Great. Real quick life. If they ever start. Like, it's 602 on Zeta 4. Oh, that's so clear. Yeah. And these are not the remakes on that. I'm sending the, yes, layer. I don't know this one. I'm just getting ready to leave this. Wow. Some of these I haven't heard of. Do you know that like that last year? Wow. I got it existed. This is a good one for a Captain Day. I'm just getting ready to leave this. Yeah. Relatable. It sounds really clear. Yeah. I'm not sure if it's some of these in least what 50, 60 years. I'm sure you hear these around your house, though. Everything. Where are we? We have this blank look on your face. You don't know the side dude. Thank God. You're not. How much have you heard this in your juice? All the solo Gian ones that were so good that a lot of us had forgotten about. I'm not sure if they were my friends with the top Korean stand-up. There's so much evil around us. I feel like a die. And no. Yeah. That was fun. That's funny. That's the stuff on it right there. We'll come back to the 6 or 4 odds in 4 because they're like 18 cuts on here. Wait till he gets some of the later ones. Everybody's just going to freak out. We do have a call on Holder. But I can't see it because I've got all these things stacked up. I'm not really going to worry about the phone. For starting last Monday we started a whole new approach on this show and that is we don't We need to give a damn whether you call or not. Which for me is like a miracle. It broke a 12 year stranglehold by the phone. And I've broken that. I don't know what happened to me but I just don't care anymore. We had a good week. I think partly as a result of that. I mean if they want to call fire, if not, we don't need them. Some other shows should take that attitude. Do you think? Yeah. Some other shows that it cruises me of having that. What does he call it that the busy signal complex or some dampened drone? One night. That's a sink and call. So anyway, in by the way, he's going to be on for an enormous sort of fun. He's 10 to six. Yeah, I don't know what that's all about. I'm going to give a friend that way. Not that big. I was thinking more like from 10 to six to six would be good for that show. Because all the year we all matured that they've got with fit in in those ten minutes. Mm-hmm. Well, this allows plenty of time for the hooters. Yeah, Brian Ferrie, which is, you know. Yeah, I do this priest. I think we need a couple of ones. That makes it a little bit. I think we need to complete anyway. It's six or five and Zeta four. Broward heating and air conditioning is in south Florida, to the States since 1956. Broward heating and air, it served the fine folks of Boward, Palm Beach and big town. Are you probably in some folks who aren't so fine with the same ownership quality in service? And now is the time to escape the heat and humidity with a brand new air conditioner from Temstar. Temstar air conditioning systems are designed for the future, but available now with advanced features, advanced efficient standard from model and starting to run for your home or office. Broward heating and air would like you to rely on the star, Temstar. By 10 star cooling from now until July 15th, and Broward heating and air will throw in five years of worry free parts and labor protection. And when you tell them that Neil Rogers sent you to also give you a free permanent static air filter worth 125 bucks. Just for my team, my name. Broward heating and air serving west Palm to Miami, column toll free, 1-800-525-5045. That's 1-800-525-5045. Okay. Okay. It will be most okay? It will be most okay. Lead cloudy today. Scattered showers and thunderstorms, 50% chance. I don't like that forecast. Can't you make up something a little better than the high-ish makeup? It's a whole array. People have the day off. They want to go on barbecue. Now, good timing. It's largely to have to be realistic with these people. This is the forecast from Monday, May 30th. Mostly cloudy with scattered showers and thunderstorms. High in the mid-80s, rain, and 50%. Tonight, mostly cloudy low in the mid-70s. And it's 72 at Zeta 4, 607. Were you just whistling at us? Is that a new deal? No, do you think that I'm just oblivious that we can't walk and shoot them at the same time? Well, it was two-thirties. I thought maybe you didn't know that. Well, no, we're not used to this. We have a little room to breathe here today because it's a holiday. And generally, on holidays, like the longest bear. And I would hardly say that. But it's a little bit lighter than a hen. And it won't be like this again. I'm sure for many, many weeks or months. I like the whistling. I like the whistling. You like the whistling? Anyway, in Gons' real-to-day, Boston, Tomacartney, and Wings, and Bruce Springsteen. So one out of three isn't bad. Because I like Boston. I used to have a thing with Boston, but I like Boston. They're okay. Oh, yeah. Except for the pistons, of course. It's a, I mean, the cell that was a Freudian slip of I ever did. One, wasn't it? The Boston pistons. Eight minutes after six on state of four. And I will give the numbers down just in case. I don't know. I had to enter too many people awake this morning if this is all right. I'm sure nobody has to go to school. Right. No, those people don't have to go to work except for us. So a lot of people are sleeping in. So most people are sleeping now. They're not going to get up and call us at this hour. And I saw some on my way right. And I saw some on my way and that it obviously been up all night. And we're just coming in. Just had come in. Maybe some people coming in. Yeah, we had shows like that where he had a really great first hour. Really? When the house was in. I remember one other holiday we worked in. The first hour was great because we had all these people who had been up all night. And we, too, remember? Day, I think. When we went to my son in a vacation or something. We were doing this. Yeah, when we went to a great show. That was, um, when the stripper called. She had just got off work a bunch of work. Oh yeah, that was a good day. You're out of the phone. Maybe worth checking. And he told you me. Well, just see. Okay. You want to take this first one and have this. Hello. Hello. Pretty good. What are you doing this morning? Um, actually we're fronting points of time to computer game. I have two things to do. Wait a minute. At six o'clock in the morning, he's playing a computer game. Yeah. Oh, see. These kids today. I know. How old is your friend about 10? I just tell you, see. 18. Well, that's close. You know, where's the 18 going on 11, right? No, he's seen going on 20. Okay. Whatever you say. Well, he will. Okay. What do you remember that scandal with Joey Reynolds? What's his gamble? Well, whatever happened to him. He's going to be back on the air. No, you won't be here in Joey again soon. Okay. Joey's like, uh, remember Ray Malandon the invisible man. Do you remember that movie? Uh, well, it's before your time. But anyway, trust me. Joey is, uh, history, as I say. Okay. And why are you guys actually on the air today? Shouldn't you be in like embeds, sleeping or something? I would think so. Yeah. I think his matter fact is not too late. I could be home by 635 with no problem at all. But aren't you happy that we're here, though? Isn't this kind of like a pubic servant? You don't sound too excited that we're here working on a holiday. How is it? I think a tape of your show. Oh, see, would you rather hear a tape of the show? I think this hour who would care. I say, well, thanks a lot. I thought that you'd call say, gee, it's really nice that you're working on a holiday for us. Oh, actually nice to hear your voice live. You're going to, oh, I hear that. Wow. It was a dead could be a lot closer if we, well, anyway, listen, have a wonderful holiday. Okay, you too. I'll take care of yourself now. You too. And tell your friend to put you up a little while you're. Okay. Okay. Bye bye. Okay. Yeah, we're going to put on all the stops today. We're going to do a lot of really dirty stuff. It's 11 after you six. Ha ha ha. I just had to say that. You know, we're not, but I just thought I would say it. Just to, you know, kind of like light a flicker of light from the pan. Yeah. Yeah. When we used to be able to say hello and goodbye without having people have committing meetings and bringing attorneys. Anyway, it's 11 past six on say to four and, uh, I don't know. We just played this stuff, huh? Well, I didn't finish D on. Didn't I? You didn't finish D on. We haven't heard Dave's story. You want to do the story? And we're dying to hear that. Right now. It's little early. Okay. Well, you can know just for a while. Yeah. Perfect. It's just good to tell you about this. Yeah, today. No. Now you didn't tell me much of anything. Oh, good. Anyway, let's see. Where are we doing here? For some reason, this isn't planned. Oh, there it goes. Oh, yeah. Now I can hear this emanating from your house. I'm going to help a window. Yeah. I'll open a station. Uh-huh. I'll open a station. Uh-huh. I'll open a station. Uh-huh. I'll open a station. I'll open a station. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Yeah. Oh, oh. Yeah. Well, these really are. Try to get that clear. Yeah. Clear. Clean. I can get up. All I had to do is play it out. This dance got me just an end. Then hear that drum. Clear their dance. I don't know if this is a dance. I also hear him rattling stuff in the back. Let's see who... Kids who are the record. Hits to the ambience of the music. Right. I like it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm just so lonely. See, I really like that. See how we like that. Just me. I was born then. She said good. Now this song, what am I all the time for? Love her so wander a hug big hit Now I'm happy and the jokes on her Cause I found her place Beloved to wander and whoa And then there's a lot of was prayer and the still of the night which is their It's not the same as the five sentences that's a different one And then I couldn't resist, y'all to skip that one Skip what one, I mean make it skip Oh yeah, where he goes, y'all got that I bet you haven't heard this and it turned out to be, this is a great record I would say a dog game Oh well, it's pretty old But you're literally a giant Yeah, yeah, yeah Little Diane All right, because that is Yeah, I think this was that kind of pan flute, what's his name? Some beer, jump spirit, a pan flute It was the most lucidly this morning, I'm very happy Early in the evening Let your face back, you are up Let's go back to the way Like I come down When she So there's D on Dillon for you on the radio this morning I'm 16 and what that's hearing that stuff just enough to make hair grond my head and all over my body It's great Huh, isn't that what life is all about? So anyway, it's 16 at Zeta 4 and if you're lying there and been wondering just what they How we're doing here doing a live show on a holiday like this Well, everybody else is having the day off We are beginning to have the same day and I guess no food today, right? Yeah, but tomorrow I like this What's tomorrow So Oh, she also is bringing food tomorrow And then Thursday we got pizza coming from Newsponti or Johnny G's gourmet pizza in the north Miami Beach And that sounds really good too by the way They've got some Oh, they got some good stuff on here They even have pizzas with spinach and broccoli and chicken and Bell peppers and Canadian bacon and sundried tomatoes and smoked provolone And red and yellow onions and fresh mushroom And the day Yeah, I like spinach pizza Yeah, I like it So we're looking forward to that on Thursday It's going to be a big week of eating here on the show Which we haven't done in quite a while So we better go back into training, okay? We got a couple of some great meal here By the way, and the show The impact that this show has we have a whole packet of stuff from Famphrentethical about And it's about Ville, okay? Oh, no Yeah, from the Humane Farming Association Dear Mr. Rogers, my purpose of writing is to say thanks I understand you give a few plugs for our time magazine Ville advertisement on your mail 11th radio show For the more I learned you've sworn off eating Ville congratulations It's a nice letter and I got all this propaganda and all these sick looking calves in here and these stand faces and Oh, geez And look at there's guns are with a sad face And it's while you see some of the book If you'd ever like to do a phone interview with our director Bradley Miller Please give me a call at so and so I'm certain you to appreciate the opportunity To speak in depth on the crate raised Ville issue The what? Crane raised Ville issue What's the one words? As in Ville Rogers, okay? So they obviously are really in tune with what they show us all about but we thank them anyway Then I have a postcard from Austria Another fan These are some of our loyal journalists stuck in Austria We miss your radio show terribly the radio shows here consist of Yodeling And endless Kurt Waldheim speeches Wow Even Stan Major would sound good to us now Hey What a statement Now that is a strong state And at the very end it says, P.S. give the bird a peck on the cheek for us Well I think I'll pass on it We'll pass along your best regards, okay? Then we have look at this talk about propaganda or somebody I know what's in propaganda Remember those days? Anyway, the Rubber tourism authority has sent me just Oh Just rings of stuff Right A butter rubum, maybe you'd like to take a look at that for your next trip there Soon And it's 617 on Zader For you know I had such a peaceful quiet week going was incredible And just in the last 15 hours it's been such trauma in my house It's incredible Anyway, then somebody sends somebody sends Captain Dave And the guy's name is Dave R.E.I.D.E.R So he says to us this morning Oh look at Dave Ryder sent us on Now the guy's name is Ryder But it's not the same Dave Ryder's here I know it's in sipping recordings for the weather Okay, or that makes all those money I'd say it's in the 976 numbers But anyway this guy and I here's a guy with a sense of humor He wants Captain Dave to rate all of these different Radio and TV personalities He's got just Gillians of them listed on here He wants them rated on a scale of 1 to 10 Not just in one category My new personality speech delivery Knowledge and professionalism Such big names as Clarence Lot And WI is a professional You'll Brendan and W snooze Sunny Hershon WIOD As Anna's squeak on there Anna asked you he says somebody in no cause He was on here, yeah And the Naomi Wright That's the film he wrote Jim Frank Bill McQuig Oh, happy fields Oh, Robby Young Tony Fields This guy's got a lot This guy does have a sense of humor So anyway this guy is a We got some pretty interesting mail considering Yeah Considering it's probably from a week ago But that's the way we get our mail here It's 619 on Zeta 4 And I'll be there And we got a little something to do here I'll be there A couple of calls on there I shouldn't give the numbers out Shouldn't I just in case Yeah 620 3600 in Dade At 779 3600 in Broward Now today is a holiday So if you're one of those people It doesn't like to wait a long time It gets really frustrating Because during the week in the past You know a lot of times you can't get through Like guaranteed There'll be no problem at all They'll take because it's a holiday And it's a wonderful time to call And we've been telling you how to throw I am with my new mobile phone That got from the fine folks at ABC Sayular Well, Florida's number one mobile phone company Is going to get you mobile this week With their incredible two For one sale I've never heard anything like this In terms of car phones The NAC4500 EAS is a great all-around car phone With hands-free operations So you can talk and drive at the same time So listen to this You buy the NAC from our friends at ABC Cellular and you'll get one free Only from ABC No money down, no payments for six months And that's not all With every purchase you'll get dinner for two At Tony Romas So give ABC a call today They really have the best mobile phones you can buy And they make sure that you satisfy The number to call in both Dade Broward, Palm Beach, wherever Is 6216000 ABC authorized agents for cellular one Whatever you do take advantage of this incredible Two for one offer this week for ABC Call 6216000 Okay Okay All right now I have a little bit of news here But I think I better save it just in case Whether real newscast it Oh no, would you don't want to tip your hand? Not I just mean if I do it now I mean I don't even need to do Yeah, so I would rather I'll just say that I saw a billboard Yesterday that says the lottery is up to 20 million Which means nobody wanted it And that's what they're going to draw for this coming Saturday And we have some things that were too That's pretty good news They did what we had about three calls and Oh, why does he say well then why does the money There was just in case they were getting ready Billboard talking with Joey's picture on him Oh, I see just some ABC He's stuck around but obviously that isn't going to happen And a lot of reason going to be worth 20 months So someone won the 14 million or whatever And a West Coast Yeah from the West Coast Yeah That's usual Well, then it's just new Probably if probably want to Bob Martinez's buddies We'll go over there from the West Coast Probably somebody from Ebor City right Governor Bob No speaking English Oh, the hell are you kidding, pal? Okay, alright, well just be kidding They know how to do it They know how to screw everything up They can mess up the Pope This wasn't newscasts I didn't know someone wanted to We just learned something Isn't it nice when we do a newscast when we learn from the audience I like that 621 on Zeta 4 It's the Neil Roger Show I'd say the 4 Okay, 623 on this Memorial Day I'm warning you and what can I say? We actually have a bunch of calls on the phone Which is frightening And one has to really wonder why, right? North Miami Beach, hello Hey, how's it going? Pretty good How are you doing Neil? What are you doing up at this hour? I'm working, I've been up with midnight Really doing what? I work over at people's gas systems On the gas control Oh, you're the gas man Yeah, I'm the gas man Well, we got a whole I'm going to ask you about that But that robbery, I did hear something about it It's about it on TV For $20 million, it's the luck for cats No No? No, no, no, no, no, no The billboard said But that would only be if nobody wanted it It would be up to 20 Oh really So some jerk over there on the west coast 114 million I guess So now it goes back to zero Yeah, so I don't know how much it will be I guess it's guaranteed for a million right? That's where it starts Yeah, thanks, bro. So I'll be that nighty more planned for a million, right? Yeah. Well, when he odds her about 10 million to one against it, I mean, you got to be out of your mind. You got to wait till it gets up to about 2 or 3 billion. Yeah, you know, I really don't play this thing because it's just like you were saying, you know, the chances are winning one of those things is just like. Let me tell you, let me give you a parallel, okay? You know, today's Memorial Day and a lot of people are going to be barbecuing if the weather clears up. Okay, you could use that money that you would spend to buy the lottery tickets instead of charcoal, okay? And accomplish the same thing as it just, you might as well burn it. That's true. So I don't know, you know, it's kind of like you guys were talking about a little while ago. I said to myself, yeah, I heard all the news just last night when I was watching the re-run on the, uh, on a squee when it was saying that to the system. All of a sudden, right? Then maybe we misunderstood. Yeah. Yeah, we better double check it because when Anna Osquik is on her menu, you need 16 interpreters just to be sure. Okay, we'll check it out for us if we can find somebody's big singlish. Okay, have a good one. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye. Bye, bye, bye, bye. Why can't believe these bright articulate and intelligent rational semi-human people that are up in this hour on a Memorial Day holiday Monday, whatever it is. Can you? No, I can't. This place looks unbelievable. Water rubah? Yeah, let's check this out. Look, there's the hurry. Anyone at the beach? Just guy like that. I like it real quiet, peaceful. It's all over that thing. They're taking a couple of, that's what is in a real all pass. Okay, that's not my cup of tea. But anyway, yeah, I've had mixed reviews. Don't forget, that's from the promotion. That's from the chamber people who are promoting it. Are they willing to lie to us with each other? No, no, no. Just like into Bahamas, you know what they tell you how wonderful the gentility is? Now, why don't you go with me to cost them out one a few weeks? Have a wonderful time, okay. Are you really going to cost them out? Yes, if I wanted to go? Oh, boy, and you know how much eating he does, don't you? Well, better get some kale pectate, like a couple of cases for when he comes back. Well, he's going to be doing a green apple quick step for months when he comes back for Mexico, isn't he? Well, you can bring your own water. I got my little stash of water starting my avion back there and I'm taking it home today by the way. You're taking a lot of stuff home. Well, I'm just going to make him carry something when we come back. Well, you got a good thing. Are you going to get any food today? No. On this holiday, we'll reprieve bizarre. I mean, we have to really have an incredibly loyal audience for a food issue up today, like maybe even fat rich driving up here with something that he would like. I'm pretty hungry. And yeah, well, that's why I'm begging you because, you know, to get him to come in here this hour, the morning was a gargantuan task. He was begging and pleading to come in and speak to his public. Well, he hasn't been here in a very long time. We got some peppers. What were you going to say not long enough, is that I just saw the words. And then on the birds lips, they're not long enough, I think, was the, he's all right. Oh, a little hospital this morning. I know to say, 26 past. I thought it would become friends. Obviously, I was wrong. Now, what did I say? Oh, you just looked like you're in, like you're experiencing a little consternation this morning, but that's because you have no paper. It's not about today. Yeah. Oh, okay. It's not about. I have no news. What is this one? Let's talk about it. I don't have a newspaper. I don't know what's going on. Where friends I feel we should discuss this. Oh, cheers. This is good. I like this one. You two start, um, what's dark all the. Bickering. Like the Bickerson's? Or are we, are we the Bickerson? Yeah. Something like that. I don't know. What did I ask you question? No, uh, they're still reruns, but they're talking about coming back. Um, I think next Monday. Next Monday. No, start them live again. Yeah. I better take some more causes. These people are hanging up on me. Am I mean, be chill. It is on you. Okay. Have to say big day, then we're going. And a little day again. Yeah. Let's go, please. Yeah, go, James. Now, how do you like that assurment of teams that they play in the. Let me tell you, the team is from the house. How's it? House and. Yeah, right outside. The world. I don't think that's the student. What did they do? Find them hang it outside. Pimlichore or something? Oh, the AD is. No. We heard this. Billy Hunter will all be damned. That's great. No, I'd be chill. You text me. Stop telling me. Yep. And of course, that James Madison. That's a hell of a, you know, I wish they'd start playing some schools with guys. Oh, no. He's girls schools. He gets a little embarrassing. But Ron's got a great sense of humor. He knows how to get to Omaha. I'll just run the place I'm here. Why? Oliver is also going. Well, good for them. Oh, they. That's him. That's him. Yeah, that's another one of my favorites. Oh, that. The team with the funny hats. Yeah. OK. Well, listen, go. Hey, it's right. Whatever you say. OK. Have a good day. Please. I've never, ever, call this early in the morning. Funny and after six, two, all 3600 and day, 7, 7, 9, 3600 and brown. Boy. Great. Kill it, honey. Thanks, day, year. At worst, alert. We know the kid is surviving household accidents is early warning. Yeah, boy. I just love them, beans. Oh, no. Come on, kids. Help out for the same weather. I don't look great. It was a dog that done it. When the worst happens, worst alert is there. Constantly sniffing the air for those silent, but deadly, personal view. It's the worst alert. Personal view, detective. What? What? My first, I need this 200-page report in one hour. What? An open-oh window. What one in your car do? Hey, think of reading a burrito to call, man. Hey, thank you. Get on them at a clay-loar as your window. Man. Close your windows. The worst alert. Personal view, detective. Available now at Gas Martinal Cheeseway Store. Yeah, we can see you in the morning. Yeah. Yeah, we can see you in the morning. Yeah, we can see you in the morning. Yeah, we can see you in the morning. That DJ voice, he's the best to watch, huh? 630 on Zeta4 and the thank god he's not in here. So he's not going to make me play the rest of the day. I don't know. I think Stan would do this pretty good, actually. Yeah, does it's great. And he's going to do some more for us. And that's DJ saying that's DJ in his group, yeah. Wow. Good, huh? Yeah. And he's taking him to like a whole jingle package for us. No matter how much we insult him, he still loves the fact that we play that. Oh, I'm sure. And I don't know why he's amazed that we play it because it's gone's great. Everybody loves it. They even played it on channel 7 on the slime at 5. That's right. So they must've loved it. Does he have any real songs that he's got? I don't know. Probably. Yeah, they're trying to encourage him now, is that it? I'd like to hear some more about this. Yeah, they're really amazing. Well, maybe you like to invite him to come over the house with his group and he could, you know, jam all day. Yeah, I could throw a party. Yeah, you can't sleep at the station. No, I could. I would trust me. That would be a sure way to keep me out of the house just to invite to DJ and that would his group. Okay, those deadlines are really flashing, frankly, and if you believe that, 620-3600 in Dave, I like I said we got a lot of stuff to play. We really don't care. And something that dawned on me over the weekend, I have no idea why I didn't suggest it on Friday, but it's never too late to suggest. And that is, it a lot of you, panony, ask people that like to make requests, even when we don't take it and make these suggestions and pretend not to be making requests. Why not get the cassette recorder out now, get some blank tape, and record a lot of this stuff, because we're going to play a lot of the stuff that many of you have never even heard from last year. Like, seriously, like the Tammy Faything and Ross to Jew and all of that old stuff. You mean, get a cassette and record them? Yeah, instead of asking us to do that, actually putting the cassette in a machine and hooking the radio up in there somehow, or even just putting it in front of the speaker, we didn't sound that good, but whichever way you want to do it, and recording off the air. Yeah, most of the machines, I think, record radio off the air. Yeah, well, of course, it's pretty simple to do that, but I mean, if people don't have one of those kind, most of them do. Yeah, most people do that. That's pretty unorthodox. Yeah. And it does eliminate a lot of work for us, which they can't stand. Just give it some thought, okay, I want to pressure you or anything, but stuff that's something to think about. Then you'll have a whole collection of this stuff to, you know, wiggle away your idle time, all someone is raining cats and dogs out. You can't do anything in this God for a second place, okay? Isn't that amazing how, unless the new year I had forgotten how awful it is, see when it up north when it rains and it's dank and it's gray all day, it doesn't make any difference because you're still up north. Mm-hmm. Okay, and there's still all of those other things going on that don't happen here. But when it happens here like that when it's raining and gray and dank all day, then you're really, or do you want to blow your brains up? You do, I don't know. I like it. It realized where you are. That's the way that you're looking for. Oh, it's an ester. An ester? An ester? Well, I mean, think we can accommodate him with an ester because you don't know how anti-smoking the bosses and this little tiny studio Dave. Oh, I know, Glen gets a bit better. It's not the best. No, he does. Here, here, here's this cup. Anyway, it's 633, just blow it all over against the wall. So he doesn't have to sum the bitch away. I am pretty oblivious. Hey, let's take a call from Papa though this morning. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. This is the extra-tasteurian who called you last. I'm so glad you mentioned it because I want to thank Frank in the Lary or Frank in Stein or whoever was at St. White House in a hot sauce. They are incredible. Even big day over here has become a white hot alley. He just going nuts and they are the best. This is Wiggles White Hots. Oh, they sure are. Neil. I am taking the show today. I was wondering, is there any chance you'll be playing young Neil today? I heard that's an incredible thing you have. You've never heard it. It's an incredible thing. I've never heard it. I've never heard it. I don't know who's been looking but trust me. Okay. I'm going to play it in just a second so keep your tape rolling. Hey, it's rolling. Well, even do a request today. Okay. That's how anxious we are to get this show over with. All right. All right, Neil. Okay. Good luck to have a great life, sir. Okay. 634 on Zeta 4 and now wait a minute. This is a long thing though. So we've got to do the break first, right? This is 3 and a half minutes. Oh my God. So we've got to do the break first captain day. But 634. I'm saying this is like the worst level of ranking long. And we've got to do the break first. I'm ready. Did you see the 42 darlin win spectacular competition? They're evenly ongoing. 96 of 8 to 9 wins. The first score charts of drops ready. Come on, Karcin. It's a very aproximadamente 5 покупats. And then a veryимости-030 minus six diamonds. You can look for a fast golfer of 140 €, You'll see. 14 months would be annual $7 billion equals NT. Exactly. one of those Mark Twain characters keep winning their way. Don't you begin to wonder where the money's really gone in the intro? Yeah, somebody like that. So anyway, a good-like told you suckers again. And now, like I said, if you got money throw away instead of wasting it on a lottery, because none of you wanted this week and you never gonna win it, just send us the money. Okay, just put it in the big brown band. Now it's this day, writer here on the front of the business money, writers driving force. Yeah, sure looks like he's probably hit her. Toughest nails and a nice guy. Now that's Dave writer, isn't it? Yeah, and we wish he'd get in one of those trucks and head on on a top. You'll put it. I've always asked the money that he refuses to bring you up. Okay. You know, when your friends make it big and they won't bring you back to money, then, uh, oh, and you know what else I want's a little bit of last night? And I tell you, he looked really good last night was Johnny Depp. I saw him jump straight. He looked like all clean, cut, and clean shaved him. Sure did. Unlike the day he was here, kind of- Well, he looked pretty good here, but he was a little disheveled and unshaving and messed up. Mm-hmm. And they really cleaned him up last night. Boy, he looked almost antiseptic. However, the question I've got, if you want to be on that show, 21 jumps to read, how heavy does the earring have to be in your early. Yeah. I'm sure they all have to have a chain like down to your putt pick with a big cross on the bottom, one of those. Mm-hmm. And you know, I just wonder how heavy it has to be to qualify to be on the show. So it's 637 on Zeta 4 and, uh, look at that now. We said we didn't take requests. And they aren't exactly filming the show. Okay. So what does that go to show you that we're broadcasting to a very limited group until probably about 8 o'clock 830, they start crawling out of the sack. No, but to the new Rogers program on Clone Porting, WNGV. And you know what, the even better? Is it, uh, yep. That's not going to work out. I got that's a monocard. She's doing all that? That's right. It's a monocard. So the guy who's taping right now was all excited. That's a nice feedback though that he got on his stay. That's a real nice. So that's what he's going to have to wait just a second. Dude, do you want to feel it's 12 o'clock? Yeah. Until 7 o'clock on Zeta 4, we got the even, uh, radio highlights. Oh, that's good. Now let's see, it's Monday. It is a holiday. The 30 this morning on WQBA. Oh, it does not in here. No, much will come out, you know. Yeah, they don't put that in here. No drugs on WQBA this morning. Bob Coots is on the Paul Lyle show. Oh, gee. Just what we needed on the holiday, okay? Oh, God. Did you get this or where can we get a holiday from him? What is he ever going to get a real job? Yeah, that is a good fact. That's the trivia question of the day is when is Bob Coots going to get a job? I think that's a very, and what is he going to stop peddling bumper stickers and exploiting people's misery? Mm. That's a good question. So that's a real memorial day. I have a bumper sticker on my cards. It's pure Bob now. Steve Kane show it to him W-I-O-D topic. The bait on the middle of the bait on the steep edge level. That's incredible. The mental effect of abortion on women. Mm-hmm. Okay. How about a debate on the mental effect of programs on abortion on the audience? I mean, is this guy for real or what? He's got like four topics. He's got Michael D'Sisto abortion, which he's obsessed with. And other two others, I think they split my mind. I think he lets Bob Coots on there now and again. Well, maybe Bob will stick around. Yeah? Okay. Great idea. 20-07 on Zeta 4. Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 12-48 W-GBA. Here again, America's youngest talk show host, six-year-old Neil Rogers. Okay. At this McDonald's mail, and their four minutes left in the hour, touristy, some cars, all in, hello. Yeah, Neil, how's it going? Great. That's good. What's the right answer? My subscription to the Rochester Democrat in Chronicle? Oh, the good old DNC. What an abortion that beeper is. That means I've told many other people that like words. And they said, no, my business. Yeah, well, they're real nice of there. Okay. Well, I just bought it much enough. You're a son of American. Have a nice life. Hello. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Come on, you own. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Neil, you're a stinky pink old gluesmith and fair water at a panzy. Great call. This is Baitsova. Did he say panzy? I'm gonna speak it off. What a mung brain. I want my bike. Three miles every Saturday to do this show. And this guy called me named. She mung you. She mung you. By the way, have you seen some of those bag boys at the new MP? No, what are you? Catling about a. It isn't my John. Oh, I'm not a mung. The world in the six me in here with an A. Shet is my dog. Santa Capassel. Hello. How are you? You're your husband. Such a nice boy. Come out of your cell. How are you? Yeah, but you can't share it out. You can't share it out. I don't need this. It offers from other stations. Acadia, Almyra, Fredonia. But instead I stay here and entertain you, grow test. Sub-hue and doodabag. Unbelievable. To need the hell out. Hello, is this Neil Rogers? What kind of phone are you on, sir? How far again? Do you have a dial phone? Oh, wow. No, I had to put it to the operator. Who? Well, let's see. Let's look into that. Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WDKBW last night. Somebody asked you. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I wasn't adding more. He's a dodging old man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, Ryan. Do we be true in true? Oh, she's trying to egg your pathetic. And if you think he's bad now, wait, Tori had you. Oh, boy. Okay, well, let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of his shell. Bye, hope not. I see that was the time that I wouldn't play that a lot. Maybe more because it was too long. Not today. Oh, that was good. I'm like that a lot. We might play that again before today. That's the case. He recorded one rolling. Okay. 17.07 on Zeta 460.3600 and Dane. And 7.79. 3600 and Brower. And this is kind of like a little holiday gift to the audience. Digging out a lot of this old material and bringing it back. Here's another amp by the way. And like we've told you, it's always a picnic when you work for Guy Gannet Broadcast. Every day is a picnic and that's why this place is loaded with ants. Okay? You know, you're a picnic making it right out today. We always have a picnic here at Zeta. It looks dank outside. And it's dank and very gray and depressing and more bid than happy holidays to you. I see. I like it when it's like why? Because why don't you move to Ohio or somewhere if you like it like this or to buffalo? Well, we don't have it that often like this. I don't think so counter lucky star. Why would anybody want it like this on a holiday? Well, the housing community. How about all these wonderful people out there? Go to the movies. Sorry. What a spoils. I know. I know. On a wall floor. What's the term I'm looking for? Somebody goes to the party and just ruins it for everybody. It's just come on. Is it that isn't it? I don't want to ruin anything, crony one. I just- You want them to all down there? No, no. When it's like this, I enjoy it. But I don't- You enjoy it? I don't want it to be this way necessarily. But when it does get like this, I enjoy it. But no, I don't want to ruin anybody's anything. Sonny and hot great. You know, that's fine too. Do you understand? Okay. On a way to cannon dig what? And wants to know what I want. Well, boy, anybody that's on a way to cannon dig was and big trouble. Why am I in big trouble? Because it's probably still snowing there. No, it's not. In fact, my mom said it's even hot. It's in the 70s. Yeah, it's probably nicer there right now than it is here. I told her to sit down and shut up. I'm going me into the month. So I figured by then you'll be ready for another white hot pick. You told your mother to sit down and shut up. When she told me it was hot, it was nice. I'd like to. I'd like to. I'm got all my air conditioner running. Yeah. Sweating and she says, oh, without really hot today, it was in the low 70s. Yeah. I got you. It's time for you by the end of the month. You'll be ready for another white hot. Oh, yeah. In fact, these are going so fast now that by the end of the month, I think that today they'll all be gone. Oh, they're great. I love them. In fact, when my brother's lived in the Buffalo Rochester area for about the last 20 or 25 years, my mom moved up a few years ago. And my sister who had lived in South Florida for 30 some odd years moved up last September. They all lived in Canada, but my sister just bought 21 acres outside of Rochester. Wow. I can't wait. That's great. Well, tell her to get a little plot there for me. Yeah, right. I'm going to tell you very somebody. And I mean, what were you put a house on? As the cost of property up there was like really low. I know. Yeah, what do I get more than a depressed market? Mm-hmm. And I'm really looking forward to going up there. Okay. Well, listen, have a good time. And if you can find a way to, I don't know how people do that. How do they? Well, what you can do is get a cool like a stone from cooler. Yeah. And what you do is freeze the hot dogs or whatever before you leave. And put them in there with hot ice. Yeah. Yeah. Because it doesn't melt as fast as cold ice. I got you. But it didn't with hot ice. And then just put it in a box and seal it. Great. And bring it back as part of your luggage. Okay. I'll be looking forward to it. What were you ready for? Well, no. This was quite a bit. I was about 18 years old and I went up there and visited. And I loved to corn from up there. And the stuff was coming in the black dirt. So food is so good. So I bought a satel back. One side was all hot of white hot and red hot. And the other side was corn. And I made it last. Yeah. Well, that's good. Okay. We'll be looking forward to it. Okay. Have a good one. Thank you. Bye bye. 13. 7. Now you got over that. I believe we're allowed to sit next. I'm getting back. If you want. I'll invite you to call back. We'll do an hour on upstate New York. Okay. I can't help it. They're not all from Lakeland. Okay. They can't all be. All right. Guy who watched Termin and McBean last. What is it? I don't know if we can put this on the air. Hello. Yeah. I've been waiting this last night to find out what you guys think about that. Urban and McBean. What they did. What about on there? A couple of wackos. Okay. A couple of sickos. And anybody would go to a leukemia foundation fundraiser and moon the audience. What are people with other little kids there? And the bear some broads, boobs there in front of the audience. Really needs help. Okay. Desperate. Well, pick them. Yeah. Right. So sick is the word. Okay. We're going to make a statement of McBean or like small potatoes. Like most of the other people are working for that company over there. And they're just desperate for attention. Desperate. Like they have to make a dots. That's what we played a little bit of last week and killed it in the middle because it was so boring. Have you heard that? I like that. You played that? We just shot his mic on. Yeah. We played a little bit of it. It's horrible. We never really got to have you. I know like that. I don't know what you're talking about. We never really got to have you. I know. Why don't we play the whole thing right now. We got about halfway through. You can't get to the punch line. It's boring. That's what I mean. It's like we played about over half of it and it was like okay. Yeah. We're waiting for something funny. It's not funny. It just, you know, it wasn't too much to it. I don't know. Everyone. Yeah. But you travel in very bizarre circles. Everybody knows that. It's been. That's an understatement. Okay. Now this is no Jamaican Bob Slip. But you can't ever read the joke. You're the old bro. It's Thomas first. That we won't stop. The dude's the first. Oh, sorry. I have big eyebrows. I'll take him to the White House. Whoa. Whoa. And I. I'm gonna be the big guy. Oh, yes. I'm boring and I'm serious. But I am the dude of mass. Most of you six. Oh, be good. I have an absolute and no more charisma. But I look like he's the case of him. And maybe people will vote for me by accident. Now can I have a Greek salad with better cheese? Because I. I'm gonna be the big guy. Oh, yes. I'm maybe barely five foot nine. But I'm the dude of mass. Oh, my so true. You. You. My. You. You. You. You. You. You. I got to say that it's no Jamaican Bob Slip. But. I have a. You. You. And isn't it appropriate that as we work our way toward the end of this cut. The next one is the bed. Yeah. Perfect, right? Incredible how that works out. Yeah. Because it's news time, right? It's 10.07. And now we have the Harold. So you can steal a bunch of stuff on the paper. Here we. We use this as the bed. The son. Florida has its first lotto grand prize winner. But nobody has stepped forward to claim the $13 million jackpot yet. A lottoes folksman Ed George said computer records show that a single ticket bearing the six winning numbers, which were. 36. 12. 19. 13. 20. And 48. With purchased last week in the port charlideria of southwestern Florida, which beats the 13.9 million to one odds. There were 11.3 million tickets sold over the past week. Now some big things happened in sports yesterday. Rick Meyers. Overcame a record 14 caution periods to win the Indianapolis 500. Every speed of 140 poor miles per hour. Miami beats top Carolina 10 to 3 to win the NCAA Atlantic Regional. And they will go to the college world series. Now the other teams in there are faster. Austin State James Madison. Charlie Davidson. Derek Harper scored 35 points to leave the Dallas Mavericks to a 118104 victory over the L.A. Lakers. Time to get a Western Conference Finals at two games a piece. That will be over this summer, right? They'll complete that. Maybe. Okay. Luke Canala fired last year as manager of the New York Yankees resigned as the club's general manager yesterday. And Martina Navartoa. Who has upset by a Soviet teenager in the French Open tennis championship. It will be mostly cloudy today. 50% chance of showers and thunderstorms. Mid-80s today mid-70s tonight. Well, we're so excited. We're trying to bring one out. We're trying to indoctrinate them with this so they all make sure to go out and vote for the Duke. Exactly. Right? All right. 72 degrees this morning on Zeta. 6. 52. Move over. Donate you. Oprah. Get out of the way. Hit the road. For all though. Tonight at 10 on 39 WDZL. Get ready. The mighty mouth of TV Talk shows is here. He's a father. He's a mother. Oh, my. He's moretoned. Donate you. Listen. You have them puking liberals. You'd like nothing better than to see the communist marching straight into Washington D.C. And sending freedom loving Americans off to the Goolags inside. Yeah. That's what you'd like. Well, it's not going to happen. Not as long as Morton Downey Junior is here tonight. At 10 on 39 WDZL. Get a liberal dose of conservative opinions from Morton Downey Junior. TV's most outrageous talk show. The Morton Downey Junior show. Each and every week night at 10 on 39 WDZL. Don't try to disguise your voice. I know who you are. Hi. I'm your right foot. You got me jammed up against the gas pedal now. Which is fine. If I knew where we're going somewhere good. Like somewhere to eat, like breakfast, huh? Like Burger King. You know, I don't like to bring this up. But I do a lot for you walking here, walking there. Hey, that's okay. All right. But sometimes I have needs too. For instance, I need one of those hot, Blakey Burger King crescent, which is stuff with ham or bacon or sausage. Who knows? Maybe even melted cheese. Is that too much to ask? One crescent, which for your right foot. You know, this is a drive through window at Burger King. Makes things very fast. So let's make a deal. You stop there this morning, and I won't complain about your sock collection. We truly like you. We're doing it. And Burger King. By a sandwich and a drink, and get a Pepsi-6 pack to go for just a dollar 29 at participating Broward County Burger King restaurants. Pepsi-6 pack, a dollar 29, Broward only. One per customer, offer for a limited time. So hurry. Remember, Broward only. No need to do. Love me too. Hello, baby. I bet you thought this was...... novice. Where you belong? Because... Yeah, you crap, go! It's bad! And the crap goes! Go! I'm famous in freshness! From prep, go! Yes, here we prep, go! We've always believed that the key to success is being someone else! Want to be a famous TV newscaster? Classes are in session right now. Look here. Believe me. This is Walter Cronkite. This is Walter Cronkite. Cheap me as Snoop. Very good. No no stop. Wait. Or how about our obnoxious comedians class? Uh-huh. Humming. I died. No. Humming. I'm not going to be a clown. I won't. But maybe Mr. T. Wood. Pitted a fool. Don't ever dare. Give one for your dog too. Shut up her. Yes. It's crap going school up fame. Impressions. And remember a crap call. We always say. If you buy this, you'll buy anything. And that's selling it like it is. What you're as something bringing out these old Mothball written things isn't it? It's something. Yeah. I don't know what. It will all prohibit this from saying what. 655 on Zeta 4. It's a marvelous one day. Look at that. It's starting to get just a little bit less than 30 overcast. Just a little tiny teeny bit. But speaking of federal law, I wonder if we could get that story from Big Dave. No. Is that all you want to tell us about the figure row? All right. In Hawaii? Come on. All right. I love this. I was just laying out by the pool. Catching some Hawaiian rays. And this older guy comes up. He sits next to me. Oh, boy. I just thought he was a nice guy. He's blown up. There's something to say. So he starts talking to me. And of course I talk back. And his hands started going over towards my chair. And you haven't heard this. No. And he kind of moved away. It's kind of an awkward situation to be in. I don't know if anybody's ever been in it. But anyway. Anyway, instead of this guy didn't ask me to go to the roof, or anything, this guy. He asked me if I wanted to go Europe with him. Oh, my God. Prove Europe. Now, are you making this up? I just wanted to go. So when you leave him? Yeah. Oh. You just follow him wherever he goes. He really comes back with his stories, doesn't he? Oh. My name is Peter O'Henry and I like you to know. Everywhere I go, I hear new Roger's call. Young men are nice to me. They bear their chest free. They're just one problem. They don't show rest to me. I am very happy. Living this country. And the public halls of the year of just so. It's the year of just so. I don't want you to anybody get to wrong idea because he does okay for himself. But if he can get as many women chasing after him as he has guys, he'd be real busy. 6.58 on Zeta 4. Let's take a look at that scoreboard again because I know you're waiting with Bayden Breath. I see you've got your. Super call out already. In the NBA playoffs, man, a lakeers looking desperate. They have, they look so bad that even I could have played better. Okay. The Dallas Mavericks, 1-18, the lakeers, 1-0, 4-2, the series of 2. And the Slex will lose to the pistons and Detroit again this afternoon of 3.30. And the Dallas and LA tomorrow for game five. Is that correct? Yeah. The pistons are from Detroit. The main delay yesterday in the American League Milwaukee 7. Cleveland 2. Toronto 4. Chicago 3. Minnesota 6. Tigers 3. Tigers from Detroit. Yes. Where else be Texas 12. The 1. Baltimore 3. The Angels 2. The athletics beat the Red Sox 5. The 4. And the damn Yankees. They play those tough teams like Toeson State. Yankees 7. Seattle 3. I should leave the Dodgers beat the expo 2. The 1. The Padre's beat the Met 6. The 3. Philly's over to Giants 4. And the Na. After we beat the cup 7 of one. And the Pirates were only 3.5 out of beat the Reds. 4. 2. And that's it. 41. And that's it.arse 69 on Zina 4. 10. Yeah. I hope you beat the in the ring. You better than I am. Even the competition agrees. The new Roger show on WZTA Miami Beach, Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach. His is the best morning show in South Florida. the year or my job you like they're telling the quiet you got no problem with me. Even the other morning shows listen to the Neo Rogers show on say to four. Well, so is everybody else seven o'clock on Zeta four and the question continues to be are they ever going to tell anyone were Joey Wander what happened or they just going to keep. Well, it's don't wallets a good time to say again. We would love to have him come on the show when he gets all his business done with him and he's all the time stands to you. You're welcome on to show anytime. Please. Yes, love to your come in. Let's hear the straight poop from what went on over there. Okay. I want to hear about the day that tonight, me, it was chasing the plumber around or the clean up guy around with a ballpeen hammer. It is one happy family. Yeah, and they must really love each other. We almost as much as we all love each other here at Zeta. And tonight, when then fired the program, Dr. Swyth, who was doing midday, it always gets a lot of points with the PD. They always get it. Just like a love thing to have a cheat. And we have some really innovative bumper stickers about she that we're going to be passing out on extra clearance. Okay, we got somebody on hold here while he's doing the payroll. Are you just listening on hold, sir? Oh, yes, I am. Great show on the other side. Thank you. So, what you just called to be put on hold now, you don't have a radio? Well, I wanted to talk to listen to all the time, but I'm in an office in Jupiter here. And I just don't have the reception that I need to get you guys. But I don't want Mr. Neobin. Wait a minute, you're on Jupiter? Huh? You're on Jupiter or Uranus? I'm in Jupiter, buddy. Okay, listen, hold on. I will keep you up on your Jupiter. No wonder you can't hear it on that radio. All right. Okay, hold on. All right, you're paying for this, right? Okay, all right. We like that. We need to stay on the whole show. And psychologically, that's good too, because it keeps that one line lit. Although, I will say this. I don't understand, but every line is lit here, and that's frightening. Okay, on a holiday? I know you're kidding. Yeah, is it really? I'm dead cereal. Okay, let's go to a north-loader deal. Hello. Hello. Hello. All right. You know what? What? I've actually been reduced to watching basketball because it's the only thing Detroit team to be able to win. Yeah. And the real secret is to win. And the Tigers are not doing that bad though. Tigers are, let me take a look here. Okay, Tigers are only four games out. A two-bed. They're nine games over 500. They're not doing two bad. Yeah, because I'm from Detroit. New, like the only person in the entire state of Florida who's still with Detroit fans. I can't believe it. Who said I'm a Detroit fan? Why did you ever hear that? I don't know. You just always talk about it. Well, because I like the pistons because they're playing the Celtics. I like anybody when they're playing the Celtics. I love the pistons. It's Celtics. That's right. I hope they beat the crap out of my hope two more and it's gone over with. Now, now, thanks, sir. Now, where did the Detroit Tigers bring train? Oh, gee. Here we go again. Arizona. No. Don't be wish. What are you talking, Arizona? Even more than the other. Sir, even more than the end of the Arizona, okay? Where? In Lakeland, Florida. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. But I haven't been reduced for you. Good news for you. I like black city. Huh? You didn't Detroit amangely a black city. What's that got to do with it? I'm turning it red net, too. Hey, let me ask you. Have you ever heard of Taylor, Michigan? Um, I don't know. Well, trust me. That's one of the Detroit suburbs. And I got news for their more red necks in Taylor than you'll find in Parine, Homestead, and Cutlery put together, okay? Right. Trust me. And I got a stake in Sheik and Lakeland. So there is something to be said for that. Yeah. So come on. So don't cut your red necks before the head. You'll put it. Get with it. Don't cut your red necks before those pickle legs hatch at 711. OK. The one guy who won the lottery. Yeah. What a douchebag. How did he not clean $12 million? He'll claim it real quietly. I've come in in the middle of the night and say, you know, with a gun and say, give me my money. And Martina's will handed it over to him. It'll be all over. See, in Florida, you've got to collect your money in the middle of the night because the governor's a vampire. And he is not when the sun is out. Martina's is in his crypt, okay? How did he manage to get into office? Not because there were a lot of morons in his state. They heard Martina's Martinez saying, OK, it's OK with me. I'm being glad. Exactly. Now all of a sudden, they all want him out because he's a disaster. He's a moron. Good. Yeah. And that's the best thing we can say about him. We should send him the Arizona's governor's time. Exactly. I like that. Yeah. He and meek him could do a good team out there. OK. OK, listen, have a wonderful life. And the call, oh, you, Eric, let's see. You're not the guy at home. You're the, who are you? Anyway. I'm some high school student and forgot that I didn't have school today. And I said, my arm would get up to 530 in the morning. Oh, in other words, you're like a dummy, right? Yeah. OK, now what school do you go to? I'm Creek. Creek. Creek high school. Coconut Creek high? Yeah. Coconut Creek, like, is in windmaw? Yeah. Yeah, the bunchy young whippers knapper's up there. OK. Good luck to you, sir. You'll need this. Oh, I know. OK, I'll see you at the early bird. Yeah. Bye-bye. Bye. OK, there we go. Can you imagine growing up in coconut Creek? I want to be a one-demog. Well, at least he's close to where he can buy those WNWS tickets. True. Oh, yes, right. Go for more village and buy your tickets. Or also a century village for the, for the WNWS reunion. When a house is that going to be, I don't know. But don't think give you some fiber one when you buy a ticket. Fiber one. Seriously, that'll be a fiber one on the year. And if you've seen the book in your demographics, believe me, next thing they'll be giving away Polybent. A glass for every listener. So I wonder, dents your holders. Yeah. 705 on Zeta 4. OG. It's time to do something here. We'll come back and continue. Don't you like all these week? Well, the one day I said they could do requests. We are getting it. Well, are you surprised? Sure. Yeah. That's awesome. I did call you wanted to know if, uh, what was the name of it now? On the Paul V. in the Raiders, it was some real weird title. Well, how about the August? August? August? Yes. And recorded in Lake Ups and Downs. No. Great airplane strike. Legend of Paul Vier, good thing. Hungry kicks melody for an unknown girl, just like me, step out, Louis, go home and Louis, Louis. No, that's right. Well, it's not on there. Sorry, pal. Anyway, if you're a driver with multiple traffic violations or if you drive a high performance car that's hard to ensure, you know how much of a pain in the butt and how unbelievably expensive it is to get car insurance. It's frightening. It could put you right out of business. Okay. Well, what you need to do is call A.O.K. Auto Insurance. A.O.K. Auto Insurance agencies are located all over Broward County and a specialized in hard to ensure drivers. Now, with A.O.K. You might even qualify for a plan they have under which your first five tickets won't be assessed against your insurance premiums. But you have to call them to find out if you qualify. Just check with information and get the number of A.O.K. Auto Insurance Office nearest you. So if you'd like to drive hard and fast and you've got a few tickets, A.O.K. Insurance agencies can get you the insurance you need and most likely save you with ton of money in a process. So go ahead, drive that TransM. Z28. Super a Jeep or other four wheel driver high performance vehicle. Have a great time. That's Ferrari. At Porsche, whatever the hell it is, and get your insurance from A.O.K. Auto Insurance. Remember, just call information to find the A.O.K. Insurance Office nearest you when it comes to saving your money on your car insurance. They're A.O.K. Okay. Okay. Mostly cloudy today with scattered showers and thunderstorms, 50% chance. And high will be mid-80s tonight mid-70s. 72 on Z34 at 707. It was 13 years ago today. When Zayda for the down the play, but who's common? Okay. Okay. Maybe it wasn't 13 years ago today. But the legend lives on. I'm Captain Dave Capri to hear to tell you about Zayda for 13th anniversary party. At the Kagan can end this coming Wednesday night. I'll be there from 8 to 11 pm with a huge chunk of a Zayda stash to give away. Like plenty of Zayda Forte shirts. Those incredibly gorgeous and sexually stimulating Zayda plates. Keychains can coolers. And tickets to see Rod Stewart, Hall and Oats and Chicago in concert at Joe Robby Stadium on July 3. Plus, your chance at Round Trip Airfare for 2 to anywhere Mexican airways lines. There's no purchase necessary, but you must be 21 to end. I'll see you this Wednesday for the Zayda for 13th anniversary party. At the Kagan can end with live rock and roll from Auto Drive. The Kagan can located in the Club Plaza shopping center. On the corner of Northwest 67 Avenue and Miami Gardens Drive, that's just about a mile north of the Palm Medal. From 13 years of South Florida's Classic Rock Zayda Forte. Okay, thank you so much Captain Monge. It's 8 minutes after 7 on Zayda Forte. And what's wrong with a little feedback there? I like that, don't you? Well, I don't every now and then. It keeps these people under toes. And what was I just going to do? Oh, this is perfect speaking of that. You know, it takes all kinds of people to make America what it is today. It takes Doctor and lawyers. I know. Accountants. One is at a time. And library. But it also takes much more than that. It also takes America's moron. You know, I swear we're all around you. We're taking 200 items through the express lane of the supermarket. We're sitting behind you in the movie theater, wrapping our Christmas gifts. You're holding up your bank line while we try to cash a check from the bank of Venus. Hey, pal, could you hurry it up? Why are you? Weirdly, association of Ignorant Americans. And we're always looking for new members. So if you hate any minority, don't read much and just love to litter. Then have a friend dialed the phone for you and give us a call. Just dial area code 632-626-676 or MMO moron. Hi, I'm Amorant. This is your clock in the morning. Oh, is he sleeping? Ha ha ha ha ha. The merit has morons. We're taking years off your life. Deal wakes me up in the morning. And I'm on it. Deal wakes me up with a smile. We're the pal, dad. Drink my coffee, punch and I'm a donut. We'll see the world that's gone. We're getting ready to go to the snow with Neil. We're staying for a dial. Don't even do work in my home with a tall Neil. We're staying for a dial. Oh, is it really? Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil. Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil. Anyway, it's a 10-5-7. Neil, Neil, Neil. I'll stay to four. Great to be here on this holiday. Doesn't look like it's breaking up just a little bit. I think you're wishing. Huh? Thank you. It doesn't look like a great day for barbecues. Yeah. It's Memorial Day. Don't you understand? This day, it's supposed to be perfect. It's not supposed to shine. It's a blue sky. Now, do I have to take responsibility for this? Yeah. Oh, because I do love to do the weather. We've got a list of what it looks like. Another part of the country coming up in a little bit. I bet you we don't have any traffic today. There is a else not working today. The weather's rough and... There's no traffic. Yeah. One day, enjoy it. Right, check it. No. He's not working. All I hear is just... Yeah. Maybe we could put that on here for a few minutes. Okay. Okay. We have a Zeta spy in Dave County. Hello. Yeah. How are you? First of all, you were talking about sea for a little while before. Mm-hmm. These special radio stations based out of a trailer. Are they really? They're in a trailer in Davey? Yeah. It's a big stop trailer. In a trailer. Well, that sounds pretty. It sounds like it ought to be in... Oh, could show me your somewhere, Kissimmee or Lakeland? That's a vitality. What's that? What do we say? It's a tiny thing. Yeah. Dyer. Anyway, onto your Zeta spy report. I went... I had radio accident this weekend. I came on my car radio. Mm-hmm. And they pre-meared their new rainbow. Were you going with that gun in your hand? Is it as good as... Did you make in Bob's Lentine? The Jamaican Bob's Lentine is on compared to it. This funny. Oh, boy. I think that's... That's... It's... that bad. You think they'll send us a copy? It's a big deal, but... I think you would off the air. And you're like, throw the wave because it's not worth your time. Mm-hmm. You'll probably like call GTNF for money. It's really nice for me to take the taste and the time that you had to listen. Mm-hmm. And they're actually going to put this thing out on a 45. So, yeah, they're playing this like in their normal rotation. You heard it like... Oh, yeah, they're playing both of them in their normal rotation. Oh, my God. They're little things in a GTR exclusive. You all hear this on any other radio station and they play both of them. It's in regular rotation. It was on this morning's matter. In fact, this has got a radio in there. What is surprise? Is there nothing you can do about your sister? I tried. She's just, you know, she's into, uh, interrogators and monkeys, I guess. I don't know. Oh. Okay. You want to request? So, I've got one for you. Yeah. Uh, Vanna picked me a letter. Vanna picked my nose. Oh, that's by Mike Ranieri, isn't it? I think so. Vanna picked my nose. He sings that every morning on that show. Doesn't he? I know me, me, me, me, me, me. You want the really interesting stuff? You're a good Friday, you'll legalide. What do you mean by that? Um, the PCC legalide. Oh, yeah. That would be good right on the heel of that one about Moran's. That would be perfect. Okay. Let's have a great life. You too. See you later. Vanna picked me a letter. Thanks for what do you mean? Vank, right on here how much money I got to spend? Can't stand to look at fat's age, I can't get in. Won't throw in the towers, still like by your powers. Oh, Vanna picked me a letter. Hey, man, what do you mean? There's no even phone. Vanna picked me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream of all you. Hey, Vanna is that an all over ten or what? Vanna, I don't understand why you make a hundred grand, not for me to say. Anyway, get me a ticket for a narrow plane. Gonna be on the wheel of fortune game. I just got to win, spend the wheel again. Oh, Vanna picked me a letter. Go Vanna, look at me. Go, Vanna. Go, Vanna. Go, Vanna. Go, Vanna. Hey, got out of my face, but is that a two-wing? And they're yelling that word? Is the lo writer? Vanna, look, Vanna! Forget the letter, man. I think Vanna, why you beautiful, man? Leave your me, complete a honking. Got me a ticket for a narrow plane. Alright! I'm on the wheel of fortune game. I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus round. Hey, Vanna picked me a letter. Lo's a turn. Hey, fat loose day. Vanna picked me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream of all you. Alright, that is an all over ten. Vanna, I don't mean to stare. But are you wearing underwear? Not for me to say. Anyway! I don't care how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at fat say, Jack again. Won't throw in the towel. Still live by your power. Oh, Vanna picked me a letter. Please, Vanna, pick me a letter. Alright, I'm ready to pick, baby. FECD, FGH, and take it. I'm a big one. It seems to be WX-20. That's your car, man. Alright, I'll take the ticket. Alright, I'll take the sofa, the blender, the microwave, the refrigerator. Hey, man, what do you mean? $500 per second life, five important TV set. You got ripped off, man. My brother will not forget to be a whole set. Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man. Alright, everybody, come on, baby. No, huh? Hey, time for my life. I hate that song. Harry, tell her hand, he's back. And this time, he's blown away the catch, kids. You know, baby, it's only excitement. I forgot if this routine has six steps or only five. But scene is how dance is the most powerful form of personal expression in the whole world. It can blow your feet clean off. You got to ask yourself one question. What's that Harry? Do you want to meringuey? Well, do you? Punk? It's pretty good, and Jennifer Gray in dirty, hairy, dancing. Great, make my jute. What, hey, we're getting these on so fast. We are getting the request on faster than the people can call an ask for them, which is incredible. 717 on Zeta 4 and our next call is from Miami. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? Pretty good. How are you doing? Okay. Why are you up so early on this God forsaken day? It was the other guy set my alarm clock. Okay. Good. You're a bit behind. What do you mean? Well, you're coming on the phone. And then the radio is a couple seconds faster. Yeah, what are radios a little slow, you know? Radios taking a C.S. to know on a 4 and a half second delay. I want to know another thing. Yeah. Why don't you just take the show and go on vacation? What do you mean? I mean, this is a vacation day, right? Mm-hmm. Let's just have a holiday. Yeah. Why are you here? That's a good question, because I'm a fool, I guess. I don't know. I just said I could have this day off, and we would all have the day off, I guess. But I just, I don't like doing that. I like saving up my days for when I really want them. Plus it's a putrid day anyway, so who would want to be off today? I'd rather be off on a nice sunny day when I can go in a pool and lounge around a relax, you know what I'm saying? Good-a-ho-y. What do you mean, I've already been there? Okay. Find some more else to go then. But you're anxious to get rid of me, huh? No. You just want me to go have a good time. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'll work on it in about five ten minutes. I'll figure out some place. Good. Okay. You know what I hate? What's that? Hey, these stupid people on the airport, because I'm from Canada. Mmm. Every summer, it was for me. And when I got to visit my dad, one of the times in the winter, I was in the airport, you know, half asleep, because it takes six hours for the, because they had the Toronto Lone Lays, we're all shut off except for one. Mm-hmm. We're supposedly reparing them. Why in the middle of winter, I don't know why. But, um, so we're waiting here, and one of the other kids about my age who was waiting in line, comes up and asks me whether we live in the igloo or not. Yeah. I need to Toronto. Yeah. I was sitting here asking myself, is this guy for a real? By the way, before you go, I have a question for you, okay? Yeah. You guys in Toronto live in igloo's? No. No, I got a real question for you though. Okay. What is it? Um, Mr. Postman. Okay. All right. Thanks. Have a good one. Bye-bye. It's 719 on Zeta Formatons. You know, the problem is we're getting so many requests. Look at this. I've got these piled up to the sky. Mm-hmm. But that's okay because it'll kill a lot of time, right? Right. And everybody's calling and saying, How come you're working? It's a holiday. Why don't you just go relax? Go to Hawaii? Uh-huh. And then we have to use your lunch, calling and saying, Go to Hell. That stuff. Uh-huh. Now you just played, uh, something I hadn't heard a long time, Dana. Yeah. Don't pick me a letter or pick my nose. We only have a story about Vanna today. You don't think. It's the end of this all works out, even on a holiday. An unreleased movie, which features Racy scenes of Vanna whitest floating around. Mm-hmm. And movie is called Jipsy Angels. And it was filmed six years ago. And it shows Vanna in a G-string. Ah! Yeah. Jack Bricknell, who is a... Who was a pizza hut? Oh! Franchise Dealer. Of all people, it's trying to get that film released. I don't understand that, but I'm sure it all fits together somehow. Mm-hmm. That Vanna. Ah! Interesting you would play that under a story about Vanna whitest. I think there's some connection there to be honest with you. It's 20 past seven on Zeta 4. And this is a Memorial Day all-request party block. No repeat. No repeat. Something party day will continue right after this. Oh, this is really exciting. 724 on Zeta 4. We have a big day, we have Captain Dave, and we have Dave Lamont. Yeah, there's too many days. From the AM sports room, we're here this morning, filling in filling those big shoes around Harrison. Comes up to Psych Harrison. And if you could see what was in those shoes, you would lose your breakfast. Okay, it's just disgusting. What's in those shoes? Some...some about the sports guys on AM. They're always looking for an audience. Have you noticed? They always come up here because they know that this is where the audience. They saw the book. Yeah. So who's doing the morning show over there? Big whatever your name is? I don't know what to call him. He's going to have some. We got big captain. This is sports. The mayor of the Meistersports is fine. I was here. Okay. So who's doing the morning show? I'm sure Mike and our leader are taking the day off. Right? They're in there. Wow. So if there are those of you out there who really want to be titulated, and are into gigantic butts. Turn on the AM. Turn on Winsman for a couple of hours. And you'll come racing back over here. You'll be begging us to let you back in on the show. Right? Sort of like guys who do sports today. In this show, so we've even got somebody listening in Jupiter right on hold. Are you still there? How Neil, it's not Jupiter Neil. Neil, I wouldn't live out in the planet. I live out in Boington Beach. Oh, that's Jupiter. And just to tell you that there are people out here that listen to Neil, the captain and of course the bird. The captain and the Neil. Yeah. So anyway, no, are you but you're on hold, right? We're on hold. Okay, hold on. Okay. I just want to check here. We're not going to make sure you're still, you're not fun enough. Okay. I have a question. What is it? The requested, of course, rusted you and be true to your shoe. Okay, they're coming up. All right. Okay, and a good yunt of the you too. Thank you very much. Good yunt of the you. Hold on. Happy shoe voice, by the way. Well, better late than ever, right? That's true. Hold on. Well, just listening on hold is that incredible or what? Which means it's probably too cheap to go on by a good radio. 26. He's only in point and beat it. It's not like he's on Neptune or Uranus or something. Right. 26 after seven on say to four, you've been very quiet over there this morning. And then you're going to kiss me after the show that it was boring coming in here and I'd let you say anything. No, I'm having a great time. Good. That's good. Just to shut up. Where are we going next? Well, see, I don't know. What is this new thing he brought in here? Essential new. He handed it to me. Should I just try and cold? Why should this be? Any different or frigging news first? Wait a second. It's count. They come always on this adventure news on WTIX. New Orleans, Louisiana. What was that? Put that away. What was it? Put it backwards in a rack or something. What the hell was that? He sent you a news. Isn't that what we do on this show? I don't understand what that was supposed to be. No, I don't know either. Oh, good. Okay. Well, here's what it is now. It's called a devil off and marked that label. I swear that was almost as good as the Jamaican Bob sled routine. I didn't mean to offend you with it. Or mine. No, but I mean, I love the one people bring stuff in there. And it was just something like the WTIX. You know, the WTIX is the one who brings some wild cart in. And I would put it in there. And you just everybody would look at each other. What does this mean? Speaking of motel. Do you still did you save that thing? That's your way. I can get it for you. I think that out. That's kind of cute. You didn't see it. Why? Where is it? Picture of him? Frank. Motel. Gorbiteck? No. No, I sure don't. All the propaganda in the room. I'm not going to a room. All right. Oh, thanks. 27 after, seven. What is the name? My name is Frank Gorbiteck. Gorbiteck. Yeah. And look at his face. He's got a racer near in his form. He's there up all over the station. They are. But that Frank, I'm telling you. Well, he doesn't really have anything to do anymore. So he just wants to have that. He makes little funnies. Okay. Very little. Yeah. Well, it's not writing material for our lean and mic in there. But it's still. Got only knows if anybody needs it. 28 past seven on Zeta 4. And let's take a call from I got such a mountain of stuff here. I don't know what to do. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Johnny Depp update. Okay. How's he's getting married, right? Uh, uh, in star magazine. I'm reading it right now. Yep. This is female fans agree that the macho looks suit 21 Jump Street. Hongki. Johnny Depp. Hongki or Hongki? Hongki? Who a T. Yeah. And also, uh, Vanuwey here. Uh, they were filming. And uh, she got her hearing caught. And some of the guys, LePelle on his jacket. No, I think you got the stories mixed up. I think Johnny Depp got his hearing caught. And some guys LePelle. Okay. Oh, no. There's Vanuwey. Oh, okay. Yeah, there are filming, uh, justing deans from, uh, St. Barbers. Whatever you say, yeah. So what do you think? How much do you think Johnny Depp's hearing weighs about two and a half pounds? I think what this picture here looks like he had a couple pounds of beans. Let's put that way. Really? The faces, uh, yeah, distorted kind of like, uh, yeah. Yeah. Okay, I got it. Thanks a lot. Have a great life. Well, as he talking about, he was asleep. Twenty nine after seven on say the four and don't start knocking Johnny Depp on this show. Because he's our buddy and he's a great American and there were Zacard. You know what I mean? Sure. I don't think it's here anymore. I think it kind of disappeared. I like there's a lot of noise on the hall. Do you like that? You hear it? Mm-hmm. I have no idea what it is because they're not supposed to be anybody here today. There isn't anybody here. It's nice to know that even with nobody here. You know, there is something to be said for consistency. I want to happen to Johnny Depp. Did he like disappear into thin air? Well, this system of yours, you know, I can't, um, what? We know, um, I said, I don't start talking about what you guys did. That was ridiculous. Well, I, you know, I called some grief for that. Oh, here it is right here. It's right. Right. That's why it was difficult to find. See, I kind of like look under the nooks and crannies and I make things a lot more difficult than they really are. Okay, ready? Yeah. Anytime. Okay. Hi. This is Johnny Depp. You're listening to my, uh, recently purchased radio stations eight or four. You guys are all fired. You're all fired. Thanks a lot, Johnny. We're a good American and, uh, they cleaned him up last night. He was so clean. And the good guy, I see. And he was knocking and they were trying to do all this nasty things. He was like, I don't know how to describe it. Like, like, it brought him to shoot polish from the president. And it was like waxed. He looked like he had waxed. He built up or something. Like he was going to take a blue cap and stick it over his head. Well, did you see a lot of eggs in there? Did you see it long enough to see what he was doing in the story last night? He was doing what he always is doing. Really? He was knocking in the story. Like he always does. He's always the good guy. I see. And he was knocking and they were trying to do all this nasty things. And Johnny said, no, no, no, no. We've got to be on our colonial show. Got to be nice. 731 on say the four. We'll take a call from plantation. Hello. He'll. Pretty good. I wanted to call you to which, with, uh, type of, uh, time, lake windows. Okay. Had the, uh, the opportunity to go there about two months ago. And I've never been there before. You're been there? Yeah, I've been there. Okay. Well, we're coming down a highway. And, uh, we see this baseball stadium. It's like a full. And we're, we're at closer to the school. And we're looking at his lake when high home of the dreadnought. Oh, yeah, the dreadnought, huh? I, I looked at what the heck said your red nut. And we couldn't figure it out. You know, we're from up north and we're like a dread nut. I never heard of a dread nut. Mm-hmm. What's that cut to do with up north? How the name is up for a high school dread nut? Do you know what a dread nut is? I've waited for a doubt what it is. It's a chip. It's like a world war two, uh, Yeah, it's like a sunken battle suit. Yeah, yeah, it's like a weather ship. No, we can, we can't say about hotel. And, uh, we're in this, yeah, we're in Lake, and we're going to the show. We're trying to ask people, we're pretty going night. Well, every person that we have, they all get the same thing. Dog and sons. Let's just go and night. Mm-hmm. I think the whole town goes to two places. And the unbelievable. Well, one of them had to be ABC liquor's I know there. No, I was, it was like, sweet water and fox fire. Oh, yeah. Huh? And look out for fox fire. We must answer by 20 people. We were just dying because everybody said the same two places. Um-hmm. Bird? Water town. Yeah, you know, I guess if you really want to have a big night, I guess you'd go to Canada, to play with. Some place like that, you know? It's just, it was just real different. I wanted to go on the let's know. Yeah, I heard they got a second traffic light in Canada. Well, I think I really enjoyed that race track in Lakeland, you know? I know that finger leases in Canada, which is, you know, you know, have horses there, or at least they look like horses. Two or three legs, anyway. I enjoyed the track in Lakeland a lot better. No, I did not go to Colorado. They took my cause on the canvas. Why? It took them down as well. It Ralph's too. Yeah. Yeah, logged in the stretch in, uh, kind of like three horses. Oh, man, down and put them down a fort. Well, it happens to the best of me. I had to try cold, and they took me down. What can I tell you? Hey, hey, wait, wait. Better luck next time. I'll add it. Adios. 733 on your Lakeland intensive station WZTA. Miami Beach for Lauderdale survived. The Palm Beach is in Lakeland. He survived it. Yeah. So I had a happy ending. Well, I'm an only he was zipped too town fast enough and I couldn't catch it. That's the thing to do if you drive in through there. Go like a bad on a health course if they catch you. It's immediate trip to Rayford. Oh, yeah. Because boy, those judges in Lakeland, man, are the best. Anyway, we could better start playing some of this stuff. Or we're going to be way behind us. Each day when I wake up. I still have on my wake up. And say a lot of praise for you. Finally, the 10 record set you've been waking for. Tammy Faze unbelievable new album. Here's the rock. I crawled out from under. I put six ten tons of makeup on. Then my husband does it with Jessica Home. Oh, better for cold and go I will. I'm all strong now without boots and peas. It's all here. The headache, the headache, the pancake. Rock of age, just is my face. My mascara won't be raised. Tammy Faze, here's the rock. But I crawled out from under. Don't you buy my new album? If you tell your burning hair, you'll be the way you're. Thank you. Thank you. Sam, do you have a 735 on Zeta 4? You don't know how they've kind of faded into oblivion now? You noticed? Everyone's in a while. Pop up. They're ugly heads. Mainly Jimmy Swagger. It seems to be the big thing now. He's back doing it again. So he's got that look on his face. You can tell he's doing it. 735 on Zeta 4. And we'll be right back. 738. What was that? Right at the very end there. 22 till late on Zeta 4. And look at that. It's really cleared up now. Carol City. The rain is coming down cats and dogs. It's totally gray and dank. And all of my, see I was trying to do like a little hudu here. A little, which doctor thing? I thought maybe the people of the Santería house would come out and Genu-flect and do a little try to Indian rain dance in reverse. Huh? Boy. Maybe the Seminal Indians were listening would come out and do a little reverse. Something. You know what I mean? My poor cat. I usually let him out on my way to work. Let him out to go to the bathroom and he took one look outside and he went back in. He kind of like gave me the sign. What kind of a cat is that? Don't you have a litter box? No. He goes outside. He's a cat. Yeah. I do to they stink. I mean, people who own cats who have litter boxes. And just that they don't smell. And the many walking a house like that. They like, oh, guys. I'm sticking this house. You know? No. He doesn't do that. I don't know. Yeah. I'm sure. I'm sure. Hello. Hello. What are you doing on a road on a day like this? I'm a man. I had to take some of my any effort this morning. I've ever cut the weed feed. Play this thing called pointless counterpointless. Was that on Carter any time? Oh, no. That I didn't really play it. I had to do a whole lot of things. Well, I can do that again. That was a fun. That was here. That was great. That was great. You're right. That was a highlight. That was definitely. That was the highlight of the whole week. I think. Well, if it was that good, we'll do a twice. You're going to play that, you know, play it in rotation. Yeah. Yeah. What was frightening was it made sense? Yeah. I followed that conversation real well. And that was a battle. Yeah. Me too. That was a battle of four cards. What that was. You know what? I remember the. Uh-huh. Bob Lassard. I really appreciate it. If you can try that again. Oh, geez. I just knocked over a whole pile of cards for you. I hope you appreciate it. It'll be worth it. It'll be worth it. I think you're right. Thanks a lot. Okay. Why? Why? Easy for you to say after I just knocked the whole pile of cards. You know, something I just noticed. What's up? What's up? What? You guys have been in the left channel only. What do you mean by that? I mean, we're in the left channel. I mean, it's both speakers, but it's left see this left right. No, don't tell me this again. Are you serious? Somebody had it in the left channel switch. Is it okay now? It's in stereo. Oh, geez. Why did they do this? Yeah. Why did they do this? I don't know. I mean, you don't want to happen to them. They always have to mess with everything. Yeah. They come back in the morning. It's like a disaster. We got to have somebody who comes in and does the first hour on Monday morning. Like in a practice just until we get everything straightened out. Then we'll come in. So it was on both those speakers, but it was mono that were not mono left channel. The left signal. Yeah. And so if you had to play like some Beatles. So I was just kind of like one channel like that. But no, it's in both speakers, but it was just one channel. How about coming out? Like what? It's only in one channel like that. Or so anyway. Alright, it's a 19 till late. We just don't have time to mess around here, okay? Cheers. The files types we're going to get in here this in stereo. Somebody in the audience has got to have a mono. See, I'm out of change. Oh, once in my life. She's a blender, hey, put on the laundry to tomorrow night. Then I want to smell my soap of a candy bag. I'm a blessing. I'm a car on the street with a minute to be. I'm not a cliche, but you stop all the change I need. She realized that she'd have wrote a 10. She had no. The baby of total all my way back home. But I got nowhere to go. That's why I'm asking you, Joe. I'm talking to the laundry, the dough. I'm asking you, Joe, no, it's some change. But here's the, the boy I just told you. If you want to cross a bridge with all the link, Or this thing's only exact. She's a little with the money, the dough boy. I'm begging you to make the chain. She was here, and I was looking for her. I just told you, Joe, no, it's not when you got to another link. If you can't come up with it, but change it's late and late. And I'm out of the eye, I have lost a beer. Need a dime, a dime, a dime, a dime. No, don't get up, don't get up. Come on, I'm so alone. Hey, Joe, you can't have a dime. Come on, I'm so alone. Okay. 17 delayed on Sanofour. And boy, this is zip in right along, Especially now that we're in stereo. God only knows what'll happen next. Oh, this is great. Isn't that frightening? Boy. Okay, let's take a call. None of go do this. And I'm going to say it again, you should have your cassette Roller's play in. Just so. Whatever now, I mean, your cassette cassette players, Sip in, I don't know, I'm in co-herit at this point. I'm looking at what a miserable Monday it is. And I'm thinking, this is supposed to be Florida. This is supposed to be sunny and shiny and bright and beautiful and great. Hey, two days from now was the beginning of hurricane season. The Emily, go back to Hawaii. Was it nice? Beautiful. Incredible. It's not like it's never like this in Hawaii. I mean, there are those times when it rains, but Are they of a tiny? 99% of the time, it's the same. And then there are going to be those people that's boring. There's nothing boring about every day being beautiful. Or the volcanoes are blowing up. That's not bad. It's just going to be hard to be exacting up again, running around shooting innocent people. But that's okay. You know, when you do those shows off enough, it's like, remember George Reeves. Of course. Supermiss. The original TV Superman. Sure. And he committed suicide because he couldn't fly. Okay. And he kept going to the second floor window and jumping out and he kept falling on his butt. Okay. And after a while, you get depressed. Sure. What the hell did that have to do with what I was just talking about? About Jack Lord. Yeah. Oh, it's three of the kinds. I know that was good. Okay. We have a big fan on the line six. It says, hello. I wanted to ask if you could do a favor for me. Okay. My boy from about me is a to your T-shirt from other say. Great. And I love it. So much. I'm wearing it. I'm afraid I'll get it dirty. Oh, come on. Really. And this is our only day off. We work every day. And we never get to see you when you're on location. However, that was wondering if we got to find the day to get to see when you could. You guys autographed my shirt for me. Look, how are you going to get it in here? No. We like way to outside when you guys split. We have to pin ready and the shirt ready. And if you guys, you know, because it's like a living memorial. There's an idea. No. Please. Now, we've got to have a better way to do it. We think I have to do it. Like, just not only day off, we'll do whatever you think. Oh. Well, I'll tell you why don't you just when they come to the gate. Oh. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to my captain. Why don't you just look around working today? No. No. John McClack. Oh, John McClack. Let you in. And then captain Dave will meet you out of the front door. And he'll bring the shirt in here. We'll all get a grab. I mean, you know, I would like to let you come in and all of that. But we just don't want too much chaos. Oh, it's okay. All we need to autograph. Yeah. And he'll bring the shirt in here. We'll all get a grab in there. Give it back to you. Oh, but see, I thought we were going to do it. While she was wearing it. Oh, she's not going to do that. No, I'm going to get a shirt and like a pen. Whatever. I thought we were really making me happy. Don't come anywhere near this burrito. Trust me. Okay. So can we do that this morning? Sure. Okay. Great. We'll be buying a little while. We'll have a silver airborne truck. Okay. And just buzz out of the gate. There's a buzzer out there. Just tell them that you're here for the night Mary show and something will happen. Okay. Okay. We'll see you. Okay. It's 13 till 8. See you out. We nice and accommodating on this show. I better go over there in warm in. Yeah, you better. There's a couple of weirdos coming over here. What? What do you better go over there? Can't you just pick up the inner common column? Oh, what's the number? Yeah. See, you guys got merch? You did it. Well, I got a check in the news. Yeah, right. And we do have a break coming up in a couple of minutes. And then when we go to it, you won't be in there. No, we're all waiting. Oh, that's not the way I heard it. What's amazing? No. No, that's not right. Yeah. Come on, Neil. You know that's not right. Yeah. No, no. That's right, Neil. Mm-hmm. What? Mm-hmm. Great idea. Well, you got me there. Wait, let's start over. It's true. Oh, we go. No way. Well, I can't say absolutely not. Yeah. I don't think it's legal in the state of Florida, though. Yeah. They ought to do something about that. There you go. Oh, yeah. Once again, you're right, Neil. I'd have to agree. Yeah. These aren't killing up his face today, is they? Yeah. This must be on slow cooking. There's something this says. But why change anything now? Oh, that's not the way I heard it. I have nothing to say. You're kidding. No. No, that's not right. Yeah, right. You got it, but you... Come on, Neil. You know that's not right. What's amazing? Mm-hmm. Yeah. What? Yeah. That's right, Neil. Wait, let's start over. No, no. Mm-hmm. Well, you got me there. No way. Great idea. Ah, ah, ah. Yeah. I don't think it's legal in the state of Florida. It's true. Oh, we go. They ought to do something about that. Well, I can't say absolutely not. Once again, you're right, Neil. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'd have to agree. There you go. Oh, yeah. But why change anything now? Well, that's not the way I heard it. You're kidding. Yeah. No. No, that's not right. Mm-hmm. Come on, Neil. You know that's not right. Okay. Well, no, no, that was okay. But it just, it didn't have the same, um, it got to the end. It was a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. They were picking up just a little bit. They. Yeah. The reality is, um, yeah. So anyway, it's a tent to late. Oh, there it is. Oh, good. Never we were talking, uh, the other day about best Meyer's. Wait a minute. Stop. Oh, yeah. Best out of great weekend. Am I doing this before the break? Yeah. Worked out better last time. Remember that? What? Yeah. Okay. Then we'll talk about best. What is the anymore in a minute? Wait a minute. Okay. Right now, let's talk about the task-free rotisserie, but I have the wrong piece of copy. And that looks like tropical and cold. So a lot of fantastic gourmet, uh, take out lunch. Head over to tropical. And there's this horse in the fifth race. No, seriously. Uh, I want to tell you about Joe and our good friends over at Tastree rotisserie because they do this incredible job of putting together that great gourmet takeout that's keeps you out of the kitchen and keeps you out of those. Some of those restaurants where they do disgusting things in the food. So you know what I'm talking about. And it is just incredible. You've heard us pick out. Now the other day, Joe brought by that rice pudding. That was just loaded with cinnamon and raisins and everything from their apostas, their hot pastas and pasta salads. And they're spit roasted chicken and turkey and all those other good items like that. And their desserts are so good that they're almost orgasmic. Okay. And of course federal opera, he bits us from from expanding on that. But it is really fantastic. And you're going to want to get over their real soon or pick up the phone. And call them at 43795 11 and Joel Send you a list. A whole menu of the great gourmet takeout items that they have waiting for you a Tathsthreat rotisserie. They're right on the corner of Tath and Douglas in Pembroke Pines and they're open weekdays from 11 in the morning to 8pm and weekends until 7 o'clock at night. So if you want to save a lot of time and grief in the kitchen, let the folks do the cooking at Tathsthreat rotisserie. And they also do great catering if you got any kind of special event coming up. 89 67 Tathsthreat in Pembroke Pines and the number again is 4379511. A lawyer said Sunday that she remembers over hearing former Miss America Best Meyers and tell the judge who presided over her boyfriends divorce case that a job could be arranged for the judges daughter. And the testimony the lawyer, Doris Swanner of White Plains, could be important to prosecutors in the case against Meyers and former city cultural affairs commissioner who was arrested Friday in Pennsylvania on shoplifting charges. Now Best is 63 years old now and she's charged with giving former men Hatton State Supreme Court justice for Tenth Gables daughter. A $19,000 a year job and 83 in exchange for the judges agreement to reduce alimony payment by Meyers and Sweetheart. It was a former city contractor Carl Andy Capasso who is now in jail on tax evasion charges. What a family. There's another happy family. It's a whole singer James Brown who loves his wife but it's time to end his third marriage. The Harold Journal in Spartanburg's half-car line of quotes Brown is saying he wants to be alone. Brown was arrested in April after allegedly beating his wife Adrian with a pipe and shooting into her car according to the newspaper Brown says he needs a lot of girls. The paper says Brown he needs a lot of girls. That's what he says and the papers said James did not say whether he's interested in another woman or not. And we want to say hello to a grand island of Brasco woman who says one would have been enough after days of trying to get a new phone from AT&T. She said 21 phones were delivered. All of them read and they were all read and while she likes read she says she can't use 21 of those phones. What? You heard me. Mostly cloudy today scattered showers and thunderstorms 50% chance. High mid 80s. That's right, Neil. And loaded night mid 70s. 73 on Zeta 4 coming up on 754. Was there a finger in there that I didn't say? Yeah. You gave us a finger? Just a zippity dude. Need that whistle. I started whistling again. I was at the holiday. We're like on half speed today. We're on about 22 and a half RPM. You know what else we haven't even started doing yet? What? Now what did he do a 10 o'clock today to make up with him? Yeah, we haven't. Just a start to become kind of tedious. Don't you think? Yeah, we shouldn't be doing it on the air because it takes an awful lot of time. I could do it in five minutes myself. But we need you to do it though. We need your, you know. You know there's not even a music sheet. What? For the rest of the day? Wait a second. Hey, this could be the chance of a lifetime. We could program the whole rest of the day. Can you imagine? I was thinking by myself, you know, what I heard over the weekend on Zayna. Why does the station sound like that all the time? Now are they still doing the blocks today? I don't know. I have no idea. Does anybody know anything? Oh, maybe we are. Are we doing blocks? No, come on. Since when? I don't know. It's a holiday long holiday week. Oh, no, wait a minute. Is today a rock block party party chip off the old block? No repeat. Martin. Martin. Martin. No repeat. Classic rock. Well, hi. We can. It doesn't have to be. You get a free hamburger if you can say it. To be a classic marathon. There we go. Here we go. Unscheduled. Unscheduled. Oh, I'm a clock. I'm a 10-pack hours. Unscheduled. So I guess we do. Now we got to get 16 cuts, right? 16 tons by only four. We don't have this. Okay. Let's do a Herman's Hermits' in there. Okay. Okay. How about no milk today? My love that. I love that. Yeah. So you hadn't picked what you expected. Like, try. This is lovely. You've got a brown daughter or one like that. Yeah, like that. Different. I'll look today. Okay. Rick Nelson. Okay. And a traveling man. Is that one of the songs he used to sing when they show ranch. We were in a ranch. We were in a ranch. Sure. And they had a film. And they would bring him in. And they would leave your same name. Okay. That is that. There is something to that, by the way. I'm not totally correct on that, but there is something to that. How about to Smith and baby it to you? How about Smith and West and excellent cut. Baby it to my Smith. Oh yeah. That is good. Have it heard it in a dog or a sex line. Pick it in a day. Baby. Now that's three. Yeah. We throw yourself. Captain. What are you auditioning now for the 10-pack? Why didn't you just sing the 10-pack hour? Okay. All of the raiders on Compact Displadies in general. We're not going to play it off those crappy cards. Rollers, soldiers got in there. And how about just like me? That's a good one. Okay. You're on a roll. I am. How about Deon? Okay. And how about, uh, which one does Captain De, I mean, Big Dave want to hear off Deon? Come on. Let's say, Big Dave is no dude. He's like a lady. I do not know what he's like. He looks like a one. Is that the extended mixer? Is that the, uh, how about. Sandy. Perna, see I'm not familiar with them. No, I'm for that. I'll go for that. He likes that name. Yes, I do. That's correct. How about the BGs and Jive Talking? Ooh. That's hip. That was the number one song. I think wasn't it? Oh, that was that a big hit or what? Yeah. Jive Talking by the BG. So there's a whole bunch of, a whole bunch of new CDs that I bought again with my own little money on Saturday. Okay. That's like five. Oh, there's got to be more than that. Two, three, four, five, six. So we're already and it's only 759. So you can do this in five minutes if you. Yeah. Real level two. We'll do the rest of all of now. Because I have to like, sort of rearrangement everything as well as why not. Yeah, get some of those. Some of those anthology. Yeah. Yeah. Look at the most psychedelic stuff in here. All right. How about the Marvel. That's in Beachwood, four, five, seven, eight, nine. Now that is psychedelic. It's not psychedelic, but it's a good cut. You're getting the way behind here. Now I got to do the scores. Okay. And then we got to see a pretty full hour here in the eight of Clark Arnie's got two live spots, log back to back. That crazy, you're lost. The Jews got two live spots, log back to backs. We're going to do something to straighten that out. Okay. We'll stop there. So in other words, we have a lot of important business to do here. Yeah. We sure do. How about twist and chop by the eyesley brothers. That's like their best cut. Yeah. Okay. There's another one for you. See, thin Kyle. Exactly. So you're up to like seven or eight now. Give me a break already. It's eight o'clock. We're a minute late. Here's the score is real fast NBA. It was Dallas, one, 18 LA, one, four. The lakeers look like, you know what? And in the Major League baseball, and I'm American League Milwaukee, seven Cleveland, two, tomato, four, Chicago, three, Minnesota, 60, Troy, three, Royals, 12, the Rangers, one, Orioles, three, the Angels, two, the Athletics, speed to Red Sox, five and four Yankees, beat Seattle, seven, three, Nation League. Dodgers, two, Montreal, one, Pad, Ray, six, the Metz, three, Philly's four and two, Cardinals beat the Graves, three to one, Pirates over to Reds, four to two. After it's beat to come, seven to one, and a Hurricanes, run their way to Omaha again. They beat the South West Texas, faster, state last night. And they're on their way to Omaha, they won the Atlantic Regional sweeping a field that was just pretty terrible. A field of $2,500, Claymers with bandages and all four legs. And that run, Harrison Man, he knows how to get to Omaha. Trust me. I thought they'd be some of a soft Carolina. Well, they did, but what soft Carolina is about the only other team that played at regional, the other ones were like a girl's schools, the GameCoff. Anyway, you can't say that on this show, kids, 801. Now see, I've gotten so far behind, I don't know what to do with this. You gotta do the ID. All we gotta do this request ID. Okay, go ahead. That's as the Neo Roger show, voted by the BCC Cacetaria club as the worst morning show in radio, pro, programming. Programming, history, on Zeta. Zeta. Zeta. 94. 9. 1st time. It's WCTA. WCTA. My Annie Beach, Fort Lauderdale, and the Palm Beach is. We say Neo is a Dutch bag. Duce bag. Duce bag. Yeah. Right on. Did I do okay? No, you did great. Two minutes after, right. How about we ain't got nothing yet by the Blues Magoos? All right. That's good. There we go. We'll fill these out. The fact that you then grant took over just the day. One day you're up in the next day you're down. That was my favorite line in this song. You can't face the world with your head to the ground. See, we're putting a little bit of optimistic music in this. Reminds me of a party we had at my house a few weeks ago. I'd best it. You can't face the world with your head to the ground. Anyway, let's see. How about, uh, and we don't want to play that. What's his name? We'll get all upset. Gonses, he's still working here. Did we play, uh, keep on dancing on that hour? Uh, did we do that practically ever did? No, I'll put it in there. Keep on dancing by the gentries. I got to do that. I got to just, uh, can we get to that spot? You know, I heard the show, uh, I'm just with that card. I heard the hour. I was driving to Fort Lauderdale. I'm afraid it was great. Yeah, it was great. I heard most of it driving to Fort Lauderdale. I thought 45 minutes to drive Fort Lauderdale, and it was excellent, Friday. I keep on dancing. Another one of big Gaves, fails. I don't know how many I went too far. No, it's gonna be here. Yeah, you know, sometimes the ice is being this shocking. You reach over in an early stop at the island. And then put a, sometimes we put a different record would come in after the pause. Oh, you all hear this on the dot card show on the set. I keep on dancing. I never forget the day that I did this accident. I kept, I kept wondering what was going on, and I looked at it was counting down like 155. The record's only two minutes. Yeah, it was really bizarre. Anyway, that's got a false ending that it, excuse me. And what, the machine, the CD player will put it back to the beginning, which sounds exactly like we're picked up again. The scene he'll try to expand the pause, everything ended. Now is this classic rock? Yeah. Cheers. Are you serious? No question. What do you think classic rock is? Now let's get the opinion as somebody under the age of 10 over here. What's your definition? Um, besides Beatles? Yeah. I don't really know the definition. What is the definition of classic rock? Whatever we like. Whatever they help me, all this time. You're just finding democracy. That's what Rose does. He plays whatever they help. He likes. And trained. With a million times. I don't know what else we're going to put in there too today. We're stopping. Some obscure Beatles in here. You're hiding. Well, you know what I mean by. How about sticks? And too much time on my hands. That wouldn't be too good. You're going to pick that one? What's wrong with that? I mean, I mean, there are some good songs on here. But the best of times is great. Crystal ball. I'd really hear the. Oh, my. Okay. We don't care what you'd rather hear. You want to hear some obscure cut that you're. What? You didn't even say what it is yet. The one he just does. That's the time. What was a blue collar man? Do you remember are you two young remember blue collar man for like 78? That was a big hit. Well, thank God. That's not on here. Okay. So just. So how many we got? Now we must have the whole about 80% of a done. Not 40 minutes. No. Okay. I got 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. It's eight or nine on say to four that he arrangers Memorial day show and I listen what can I do? Don't play must for the weather. It's dripping down here in Carroll City and it's gray and dank and it looks like hell on wheels But that's where it goes. You have to be creative. Yeah, right? Get it out of the way like you know Bring everybody inside and cook those weanies on the stove or something, right? I'm better to us so anyway, it's nine after eight and we're gonna take another couple of calls and we got all the stuff backed up. You want to finish this thing? First if you want to just seem to be in a major hurry for this today. You seem to be able to We got two hours. I was thinking I've got to like write down what order it's in and all because you guys never want to share in that part Well, we don't want to we pick them and you place them. How's that sort of like horse races? Well, let's see I'm looking at some of these CDs are really pretty limited, you know, I know you can get some stuff out of here Sweet little 16 by Chuck Berry Rock and we know much Chuck Berry He certainly belongs even the station once in a great while by accident plays a little Chuck Berry sweet little 16 and the CD hits the wrong cut. Yeah Yeah, I've got the little Richard too if I can find what everybody keeps talking me with a little Richard and I know there's some on there Because I played it. Oh, have you really you know also what you got there that I like is junior walker in the all stars. Oh, yeah Like roadrunner or something like video or you know one of his big hits That's really good. I can find it. Yeah You want to play to say why I played it on Zeta last that was on last night as can be sure find it Junior Walker. How about shotgun great. That's excellent. Yeah, junior Walker the all stars and shotgun Which race to be big and David So 11 after eight I don't know why we're given a time alive this morning because nobody in their right mind has to work and let us go to anything So forget about the time already just relax Take a load off your but just relax Okay, how about whole lot of shaking going on by jury Lewis. Yeah. I like that. Jerry a lot Yeah, and it's a real upper record. So would fit in there after some stiff that we put in That would be good see this isn't really all that hard Mm-hmm. Yeah, it sounds real good when you have to listen to this on the way home to this hour or a quick chance Oh, and you're supposed to be getting in all this old music you're the one to keep punching out How about the night Chicago that died. Yeah, see now That's good to listen to him because I noticed you guys always lean toward like 59 60 60 Or wrong these are not 59 okay, what not what are we giving him so far? Okay, I'm perfectly example this one on some days. It's more extreme than other you got traveling man You got Twisted two okay, okay, twist and shout. Yeah 63 I would say keep on dancing that's 68 or nine More like 65 or so keep on dancing. It's sweet little 60 This isn't too bad Well, we have a cont I say keep on dancing 65 And you say 68 no way it's 68 okay, well, let's take a look look at pay off with whole lot of shape entries 925 65 the bird finally has Yeah, you had the right year to have to you You're dealing with I know I try It's no Johnny dark, but yeah, right. Oh, I saw TV show that had a Johnny dark in it all the comedian Yeah, as the announced or of a wrestling match like a burnout old guy Yeah, that's the that's the fake Johnny dark. You know we deal here with the real Johnny dark. It was funny. See it as name one Yeah, he just confused with him all the time people used to call him up in New York and say I saw you a nerve last night No, no So let's wrap this up you guys want to start with whole lot of shaken. Yeah. How many you got about 14 13 how about Nelson John and there okay? Just to make you a contemporary. Yeah, something a little more contemporary Like but not too new like fill it off your freedom. That's a good one good day for that That's to be the second song and go down Memorial Day a little feel it all the freedom I'm really something real corny and that's he that's long That's like five minutes We have a ballot of the green beret on a record that's good for Memorial Day How about express weight of your heart by the soul survivors? I didn't you play that Friday? No, you didn't play that since no we haven't played that at all in our are you sure? Yeah, I bet my babush gun okay. I bet my left arm Back in Dave. He's something else isn't he? In the how about surfing safari by the beach boy? Well now you're getting happy that's different. Yeah something different. I like it It's on there. So look at this pile we got here man. That's a mile and that's two four six Hey 10 12 14 16 it's a pile of something. I think it's a thing and one is five minutes That's good enough. So can we get by on 16 or you want to go? I was thinking we get out of here a little early today. Okay Is it good that good? I wasn't till now like five minutes. Yeah So you want to add a couple more backups. Yeah, and I know you hate this. I don't know why you don't like Jim Crochett all do I do I Do some of it see I got Jim Crochett out because I worked in AC for you That's right. Yeah, that's exactly right exactly right. I used to love him how about rapid Roy the stock car boy I like that Remember they swear in the country station or you don't mess around with Jim? That'd be appropriate for the date on a 500 What's that the rapid Roy the stock car? She I like operator, but that's two mellows for us We never played love too. Lovey yeah real glovey too glovey Need to play something they they can't play well so how about rapid Roy the stock car boy? I don't know that we already put you What yeah Oh, geez here we go again. I don't know a book. Oh, I'm not going to the book. I'm gonna go to the Mishka's it's not in the book. I don't know need to go to the book. It's not there Childhood In one way he's right away. He thinks he's right on this one too Wow, but now if I get to this case he case him or something I get to go home Jim Crochi What was the name of it again? Rapid Roy the way or something or dark car guy not there is I didn't quite make it But now that's too All right, but let's see if you heard it though that's a bad. I never ever believe you seen it It's like a rose saying you never heard of little Honda but it is not the same the same it is the embarrassing admission like This is like kiss. Yeah, exactly. We used to play this on the country stage. Okay, see the reason I noticed because I've had this album forever and I listened to the whole thing so I know it like it was a hit. Let's forget Jim Crochet is a hit. We ever get on that thing. Yeah, let's just leave him home. He's not feeling well these days anyway. He's been sitting in his stomach. He's got a mid-sadron headache. Okay, well, the guess who is always good for a cut and of course they have so many good ones that now no sugar in the night isn't going to make it today. No, any other one though. But I don't know. How about star baby? Great. That's a good one. I love star. It's a great range. I love that one. Okay, that should be enough. And then of course if there's any time left over, he can stick in one of those disgusting steely dain cuts or something like that. He doesn't pretty good. What I'm wondering. He needs filler. I've heard one time he's tasted music man. God, I'm serious. If we let him program the music on his show, we would have an asterisk in mid-day on series. And federal law prohibits me from following that up with what I would have already said. Anyway, 817 on Zeta 4. Let's get back to it. Now is that enough? Yeah, because we have a call from oral springs. Hello. Good morning. How are you doing? Okay. How are you doing? Good. Hey, whatever happened with that thing was these Tyler and Danny age. Whatever happened doing? No, I was just never heard what the results were. Steve Tyler, one of where there was so much lack of interest in that full-ed day that was frightening. But Steve Tyler won by a hair. Oh, great. So if you've noticed, Steve's got a little more hair than Danny age these days. In fact, after another few days, Danny's blonde hair is going to be turning gray. Hey, I like your new bed for the new, the Duke of Maths. Yeah. Is that great? Yeah, enjoy. I've burned that on that other one. Yeah, in fact, in about 930, we're going to say masks for the Duke. Hey, how about the box? So they're starting to put things together. Yeah, I don't know what's going on in the band. And it's a bunny is going crazy. And there are only three and a half games out. And it's frightening. But the match looked pretty lackluster. They had big move on the road there. They looked like world beaters. And they came home and they looked like they've had it. Yeah, I think what everybody kind of goes through a little bit during the season where they start pulling the part and all that. Yeah, like the braves, the royals. Yeah. Hey, that's a brave bit. A bit reday thing with those guys. But you know this Chuck Tanner, now that he's going to actually take one of few games. Far old victory for the brave. That's correct. Okay. Or on the old, you have a good day today. You too. Okay. It's late at night. You're fast asleep. And a shadowy figure is about to break into your home. But you're protected. Oh. Oh. Yes, it's the James Brown home. The cure to your law. Oh. The heart is working to law. In the safety business. Oh. Oh. Designed by the godfather of home protection himself. Oh. The James Brown along protects you from burglars. It's found all. It's deep in tall. And if you act now, will include it no extra cause. The fattened James Brown hot pants far along. Oh. No, but the soul patrol on your keyhole. With a James Brown home secure the system. Oh. You'll say, I'm here. It's kind of reassuring to have Captain Day back here kicking the chair. And he's doing back there. What does this man do? I never seen him so animated. Yeah. I know what. What is it?