Oh boy, I just don't know what this show is degeneration into you. I just have no idea. It's all your fault. I mean, disgusting vulgar display of the table. I snipe there were people swooning and passing out just watching what and like this stranger this total stranger They bring over to the table fruitcake of all people and I have no idea what he was doing with her. I'm sure not much Uh-huh and bring and plants her down next to you and right away the bird is like cooling in her ear and grabbing her body part Well, he was liking it. That's the thing. I couldn't understand absolutely why knew her I had never met her about I had talked to her before you knew her why I talked like in the family way Like in the generic but this was this was I finally met her in a biblical sense and and something I guess You don't realize about me, but when there are beautiful women around me. Yeah, I Like river Phoenix I mean he's not a woman. Well You could change then I guess. I guess well anyway that Barbie was here's Jack Lloyd Jesgurl on Zeta for no she was gorgeous and I just was friendly. I'm a friendly guy Isn't that the right word friendly? You pronounce I think let your is Okay, I'm a lady. No, I'm glad that you brought that up because I was before I wanted to make a point and that is It's always nice to meet people in the audience and the overwhelming majority of the more nice and they behave Fairly rationally, but there are some of them who come in they're like diving all over people's bodies And did you see Beth did you see the show that she put on last time? Yes, yeah, I like that She was you liked that I enjoyed that. I'm not used to and nobody's diving over my body I'll tell you then now we get to the real In other words, if I'm gonna be in the middle of an orgy I don't want to be just like sitting there ignored finally it's like an hour or 20 minutes Like I'm like if Ricky would have dive across the table or just given me a big hug a risk squeeze If you would say word one this right exactly I felt better about it, but I was like the odd man out so to speak got it and that's no Like Beth was like doing swan dives over majors lap and then she had at the end there She had Dave we had a get a crane to excavate him from her body. I couldn't believe it. That's right And there was some wild stuff going on there. What was that all about? I can't answer those questions Why that was got the other end of the table. I had my hands full so it's big kept by end of the table I see what you're saying I would be the same way as you in that situation the odd man out I kept hearing at aims he was humming at aims my cup run a throw room member that I Couldn't believe what was that yeah, we got that hers for writing on Zeta four Here's melody done more by the aims brothers What's his name and blue note has that at aims record? I bet he does Well, if you got like stock in that company or something or what? I mean it's people, but geez every day. Are you writing it on the log? You look rather pale. I thought maybe you weren't feeling well I just didn't know I would know I was feeling fine I was just not I wasn't getting in on any of the action. That's why I was pale I felt that you know I made those buttons just for you. Yeah Those are great buttons and by the way I'm real happy about that presentation you and I did to fruit cake. Yeah, yeah, we give him one of those get a life But it's like perfect. Yeah, if anybody we know needs to get off find some new avenues of interest I got the next one saw I'll send him to you so you can hand him out to those who'd really do need a life good idea actually including like some of our management people Okay, I just wonder what you know I had a great time you guys are just a great group of people Think about this okay, there's some real meat to sink your teeth into in this letter Dear Neal I'm a long time list of in fan you're the greatest, but here it comes regarding bill costford Do play the tape of the last show you two did together I remember that show is being embarrassing you made that man squirm Some people simply cannot take that kind of pubic public attack against a cool Even if it's only a joke I don't think we'll see Mr. Cosford back on that show 94 90 we give that number in passing just in case anybody in bulk of might be listening call or said that as soon as Rick Peters non-competes that Jerry Sullivan will be gone well Peter's this the consultant. Yeah on magic when he comes in full time Jerry Sullivan goes out according to this room or not The room or but not be raised a lot of anybody I know deserves a Jerry you do Okay, my good Cosmetic plastic friend Right with that new promotion director and everything over there. Yeah just a coincidence. Yeah Let me just slip the weather forecast in here briefly if you like or then that other traffic thing Did you have another mess on the corner? Yeah For Terris and here can the drum boom I can't believe this man. He is just full of surprises this morning Not the least of which will probably be this exciting Legal ideas of proof is it improved by the consultants by the way yet the consultants heard what you said about the little boy Oh, yeah, this new jingle. Oh boy. Okay. Let's hear it That's great That's excellent. Let's hear it for a campaign day even the Zeta for Barbara shoppers. Okay now you know Jay Michael said something new That's obvious. Yeah, because anywhere there's like Barbara shop court that there's like a party going on, you know and Jay is and every party With a get-o blaster and a whole bit you know the guy you know the little drop you have because Neil Rogers the rock and roll Monch yes, okay now. What do we want to hear that? Yeah, let's hear that right now Yeah, now what would you think if I said to you that guy who does that who says that? What would you think if I told you that's the same little boy who does the top of the RID? I would say he probably had the operation And of course the the operative question in the interesting The question is was the operation before he sounded like this or before he sounded like that That's the question. It is the same person. Yeah, it is the same person at the through harmonizers You know all this incredible equipment they have over here Well, why would anybody want to go through a harmonizer to sound like a ten-year-old boy? Okay, Captain Dave, can you play the little boy talking about Neil Rogers or something? Say the floor. We're back Now you're right at the very beginning you can hear the similarity and his sub absolutely and his lungs. Yeah It's shocking isn't it is shocking it's just a shock radio Unbelievable I heard that rumor in Credible it is incredible the mung beans now for some reason Neil they just a joke They wanted to keep that a secret just a radio show they didn't want you to know that Why I said I have no idea a little frisky. Yes, that the word as you can't food Well, like could probably think of other by the way kids if mommy and daddy are gonna be out of the house today and you're staying home from school and that pet kitty is You know bugging you and giving you a hard time I'm not gonna say it but I'll give you a little hint stands microwave went out over the weekend It did yeah, that's what he said I'd like to get back to this story about the visitor from Philadelphia, you know the okay So what does that mean was that a false alarm that Captain Dave gave us more bad information? Well, he gets all these mysterious phone calls from See now you know one cut was real nice, you know, but I know that that white album They tend to run together a little bit. I was listening into the laser Oh, I see That was a bonus ladies and gentlemen no extra charge bonus on Zeta four where you get the entire cut and two or three Two or three what I was four seconds on grooves from the next cut It's Monday, so you see he's nervous because he gave us all that bad information about the trends in about the book Which isn't gonna show anything? No, where did you get that did you get that from the Mr. cake? I'm I'm going to verify this off the source yeah, because they say noon here Well, it came over the extension line, so I just assumed well what was it like a hollow voice a Faceless voice in the middle of night. Are you turning into Howard Beale? It was a youngest type of voice I like a high pitched whiny Kindle sounding Captain Dave to it's like it came from Kendall. Yeah, that's kind of sounded like that kid who does the ID. Oh, yeah, then it was true Okay, and what did he say? He may have the number he said what I wrote down there Oh, yeah, he says he says the trend just came over the computer. He says his hotel Neil that it's unbelievable and He'll be pleasantly surprised now as you know his his predictions on the numbers always well That's because he gets him first. Yeah, the mong brains in this building. They can't get the computer to work You know, he's got it all tied up. We only pay for it. Yeah, you know, but I know some of us always pay for it Well, let me let me ask the lady if she please let's fight out. You know, this is pressing information I was to come back this afternoon and be on with briefly really gonna do that just briefly with So we all know and love Who is in desperate search of a show again ladies and gentlemen Our poll question today will stand fight an act and There's the other Okay, Jay. Thank you so much and if anybody should know that that course