Well, pre-men 2554 were we're number one were the seven shared and here I got a six one great number one. Let me say it again being number one and anything on this station Revolutionary certainly is the record breaking. Okay. Here's 2554 men and women we had a four nine fifth in the market and two of the stations were Spanish language. It's great and GTR had a four two 11 so thank you for checking the crap out of her minimum queen I just mentioned that in passing because they keep saying what are the what is that promo saying Music in the morning and Herman McBean what a what a kind of what a kind of Evidently not a concept of it Bad Exhaust a better myself six 27 on Z4 again. We all we got a collect call and Brown. Do you we better get that right on hello? I don't tell me they hung up on a collect call they could how stupid can you be how can you be calling collect and hang up From where was that from John? You know one outer blue going yeah, there's a big fire relief in Portland, Maine I'll tell you then He's been there for about a half an hour. Oh, he's gone now long gone. We ran up a good build. Okay Did we really this Cal yeah, well, and probably being your paycheck Probably we'd be ducking the one if it's cause that we take a like we do have a brown line open right now You go to school at Hollywood Hills I at 7 7 9 3600 now. Once somebody's kids supposed to report back to us this week Yeah, they're supposed to pull their peers here. Oh, pull your peers. Yeah. Oh, that's an interesting line I like that to pull your peers That's what they say in the Olympics at the a full day competition Pull your peers. Yeah. That's what the gladiators used to say Anyway moving right along. Let's go to date Kathy. Hello. No. Yes, sir Good morning wonder what happened to a more to junior junior. There's this This is cake junior junior. Yeah, I would try to get in contact with you all you believe your lines are busy even from where I was trying to decide I got I got I just tried to control your stuff. I know you said I know you seem the numbers for W snooze and it's hard to continue I just got back after day. Oh really? Well, I can tell you anything you want and of course we can put the audience back to sleep again But that's a like to glow You have any do you know the dribbles are cheap in the middle of you? I'm sure they are wise at well I want to send you some that they wouldn't let us the middle. Hey, I got a great letter here by the way What's I'm saving for a little letter a little letter and it's got a brochure here about milk fed Vio and the letter be speeches me not to eat Vio anymore I guess I can't eat dinner jamey and Marcie's anymore, right? Give it to gladiator Yeah, he in fact he's annoying on the brochure right now So anyway, what do you want well? Uh, you had a three nine right right? Right? Oh that means you did wonderful Yeah, that means we did about a five and you said we're in about a four something and if we wouldn't have had that month of October to be sanded with we would have done in the fours So the one point ninety me, right Be whatever it was yeah It wasn't what was that what I think Unbongable yeah, but we have to well I have a prediction. I think it'll go up. I think it'll Add about another three three points no three points you think we can do close to a seven well What how old should I be never mind? Good joking What is that? How old should you be how old should I be oh? For the old 25 to 54 okay, I'll make sure I'm 25 oh I see yeah Very good It's an amazing the rotation and that stuff this is not w i and z by the way Just want you to keep that in the how did they do like you're in there in the morning show here What what do you mean here and there like what does that mean? You want to know or you're just gonna keep babbling okay, they had a four three That's good how that happened well like I said I think a lot of diaries got confused I could be wrong but I think a lot of people put down your Rogers w and z Really thinks I've well everybody I talked to seeing well if it's that way And it must be the older crowd you have a lot of older people that we don't have any of them So they must be confused but they don't use the other people who confused no they know they can relate to Z There if you're like under the age of a hundred you can understand it I don't know I think I have something to say they might have something going for them over there What's that? I don't know but I just say they might have something if they do I haven't heard it. I'll tell you that If we call it please, I'll her oh Oh, gee I left the number of all I have the number right here. Oh my god I want to be good friends with Leena. We're buddies now. Are you really? Yeah, or you're ready to come back with him out there. You remind if I dial his number to you You're gonna dial the number yeah, this I don't know I'll call them a little later. Don't call them now This is ridiculous. Give me the number and I'll call them later. I'll dump okay. I hope somebody somebody's who really hates I'm sorry that I'm whole now. I'll come on there. Actually I'll leave right now. I don't do it. Don't do a place You are I don't want to hold you on uh how did you your good friend robo young to Oh, yeah, oh, it's robo. Yeah, I wonder if they left him out again Yeah, see I'm work release Well, let me look it up six and 10 a.m. In fact, we didn't even look at the cat Yeah, yeah, they had some book, you know, yeah, I liked it. Yeah, that's good question. Let's see how far how dumb Does this go? Good question Mr. K. I'll tell you W.H. D. J. did well. Yes, they did. He well. It's not amazing. Yes, they did with that old way Yeah, here's the cat. Oh, man, robo. Oh, gee In the summer book they had a two five in a morning Are you there? Are you standing up or sitting down? Roby had a point a oh Yeah, oh that hurts. So you know that old thing we used to have when I worked there cats with the cat I think somebody did and I think he's in the microwave right now in the spirit I was the WW and then the new factor I think they can't seem to motivate anybody They had I think like a point three So the motivation station doesn't seem to be motivating too many people to listen to them That's a problem. Yeah, that's because you're no longer Yeah, that's because the meal factors. I'll have to move over to M.N. I don't have to move like to about 95 point one or something But could you could you give that the AM? How did the how did my Canton he did? How did the IOD do? Oh, Reneri did pretty well in the morning. You know, actually what did he have? Four seven I think Where do you see that? Oh, I see I'm on 25 to 54 there's so damn many things here, you know Just too confusing for my nimble mind. Oh Mr. K. House Barbie doing I Haven't spoken or you can call up if y'all need to give it by no no don't not come on leave these poor people alone No, I would have leave her alone okay, we're nearly had a four seven and more now I wonder I haven't looked at that. I wonder what Bill McWay did in midday. Oh, what two something I wonder what's Randy did in midday? I haven't had a two three. I think Sandy had a was sandy on the air I think it's two seven. Okay, here it is here's that midday Alice by the ways like out of business. Yeah She I can't seem to find them in here midday W snooze two seven to a three that's sandy with that big number and the Bill McWay from a two-oed to a two four Boy, he's really getting there slowly but surely man. He's making serious inroads How did they do overall because you remember this was one year ago and they had a four point out What is this the dolphin book here? We go do I even have that this is their highest book of the year every year and they always say that's just a coincidence Yeah, sure here it is 12 plus six a.m. The midnight okay W. I would do you for my Where do you open a two nine with three six? Oh They went up the dolphin book. I've always do but not like last year. Yeah, but does the same every year? Yeah So is that it? I hope what you didn't give at your cohort to snooze and wind What give out what what number do you want over? Oh, I already told that he had a four six down from a 75 But he kept more than half the audience which cheers quite a miracle if you heard that show What am I looking for now overall? Oh See he's got me just so confused. I'm gonna come down. Okay, here we go over all let's see W i and z had a three nine down from a five So what the hell is there story? What's the big deal that they were so excited about yeah? I'm gonna have a W i would do you had a three six W snooze A three time they're all right together. Yeah, they're all kind of like blunt together And I had one last question. Please Please please please H i i Oh, that's a good question. Why 100 yeah I'd be bold always spend a lot of money and let's see if it paid off. They went from a three three to a three eight How does that happen? Well, I guess they have that ten-year-old program director he must know what he's doing Hey, he's good. He's really good. I like him. Yeah. Why don't we do it wrong? What should we do? What should we play? Where should we go? Yeah, I'm gonna call him a little later and tell him where to go. Yeah, let me tell you something Was there anything yesterday in the hell about rhythm 98 being sold that stuff that's going on? Yes, there was an idea yesterday So grandia boy, let me ask you question you know who's responsible for all that For all what other stuff that's going on over there all the stuff they're going to yeah They were supposed to be in the supposed to be changed in the 12 yeah, they're gonna go to Spanish So they're gonna go Spanish Mr. Conchon. Yeah, no, he's on his hand Grun. He that was supposed to happen a long time ago was rode down like It's preaching hogs so I'm just asked who was responsible for it More a one I was never mind you'll you'll hear about it just call up the Okay, is that it? That's it. Yeah, okay junior. I've sent you a terrible. Thank you It's 24 till 7 on Zeta for the new Rogers show we apologize, but after every book comes out We have to put up with the fruitcake junior. It's one show in every three months I mean that's yeah, what's a big dude? Yeah, and he's okay. He's a harness. Oh, yeah, by the way guys I've got a cat update By the way, Hank William Jr. Junior called it says but couldn't hold on is that correct? Yeah, that's right He couldn't hold on if slipped out of his hands. I say well no comment on that you have a catch-o Yeah, well you said the G I sure miss being over there Yeah Yeah, yeah, how about this song a Betty does what did the cat do overall should we look at that number is that to the press Oh, I said just curious. Let's see. She was done well one seven. They were they're finished. Yeah, they are D.O.A. at She ladies and gentlemen and by all her bumper stickers overnight say she used to be rock and roll She's she's been or whatever it says here's the cat down to a oh G are they doing it or what from a two four and the summer book to a point seven. Oh Wow that Howard Primer man is he is he a radio or is he radio wait Saffin no seriously. I mean you look at him and you see radio when you look at Howard that's a tough that hurt now What was I looking for Jim Kelly on the car? Well how big could it be if they did a point That's guy. What probably in the college yeah Well, that's the how she did Oh my looking for Jim Kelly oh Let's see down from a two five to a one, but if he had a one I was probably their big number Yeah, I was a robot. He had a like a point eight I think they need to get Jack McGermard back and straighten that thing Play some of those Edison cylinder get Jack like so much from his personal collection 23 before seven on Zeta four we do have an open line in date at 620 3600 Want to do a break here? We have to just ensure break and then we'll come back Lock You know the kids just keep getting harder morning we've been punching their buttons as they say on some shows Nice, let me see it again as they say on I wonder why they didn't fire like what show for example I wonder why I didn't fire It's Not the numbers have come out and we can regulate stand on his usual steady job there Maybe it's always right around a four three nine bright in there beating the daylight out of Mr. Eagle and Alice Alice is like history Yeah, two five I never hear one any way ever say anything about I haven't turned that station on until long my radio would probably shut it would probably keep scanning If I punched up that button I don't think the signal strong enough to stop your radio that's serious Yeah, that's an interesting point when you punch in on a car radio It stops or is it's seek one of the other I get confused but it stops on stations that are strong enough with the signal Lock him that's correct and the W snooze is no longer that strong questionable Yes, if you have a strong car radio at night. I haven't seen Rick Edwards our corporate chief engineer around here lately Maybe he's the new engineering hunt you over there maybe he is to Get all the credits for their technical success if anybody could do it I'm just gonna just hang it out here today. I'm tower number four Okay, let's take another call and the lines you're all just stay there tied up or ring in our flash And are doing something we're gonna be calling Lee Fauer and little bit to get his first vacation observations On these latest ratings. Yeah, we want to hear what he had his strictly objective view. Oh, yeah Oh, okay Last week Steve is probably hanging out over there this morning. Mm-hmm. Dayjouty. Hello. Yeah. Yeah Like how you wine and then you I've been holding for an hour and I'm from Tillian. Are you serious? How come you didn't tell Captain Dave you're from the world? Captain Dave was that other guy Oh, that John for maybe I can't Yeah, but I've been holding some six twenty yeah, mom's sorry about that What have you been having now? I have a good excuse not to go to school. Yeah, I think that idea And I didn't we do a cubic service for you today sure I mean, was there anything special going out in school today? Nothing really just normal dead smoking Yeah, the beach you know And you're not gonna you're not gonna miss anything. Are they gonna miss you? No, I don't care they don't miss me or not right like what what greater you in? I'm in 11 oh you're a junior then that's what we want we're gonna go here from a lot of juniors today You know And more what's his name more downy junior junior? Yeah, yeah, oh and Steve sounds to junior Steve sounds to junior's good Well probably hear from Joe Johnson junior Live the door to your time. I mean even time jick a junior will be calling well that let's like a And I mean Ross junior now I do want to hear from her and we'll get a call from Frank Motik junior So what are you gonna do today? You're gonna go on Miami right next tomorrow who is who is? What who you're talking? He's gonna be on Miami by school. You're gonna play like a bartender Oh, what's he gonna do impersonating human being? Oh, it's just a joke Steve. You're okay. He's not a bad guy. What is he like your father or something? So what are you gonna do all day just gonna hang out? Yeah, probably watch You know, they're regular Phil and all that stuff watch why not on? I wait Man, you're just a junior in higher gonna watch Phil Donah you yeah, he is into some pretty erasian stuff on that show That would be very careful. You might you might get excited You know what I mean Hi, like about those two feet tall transvestite techniques Yeah, I mean you might run into your mother's bedroom and start putting your panties on or something You're so starting to run out of ideas you last Friday you had A man's a woman that will make Saudi Arabia you don't know who Kate junior do you buddy Ha ha ha ha ha ha Senior I don't hang out with your friends Neil okay Well listen, I'm really did you I got a couple things to tell you no okay, let's look at this as a bra. We're gonna see Steve came tomorrow. Yeah Mayors to push from the crazy horse. Mm. Are you serious? I am serious. I'm looking at the back of the TV guy. Oh my god And I ran tell tomorrow topic curing home sexual Curing home los sexuals On the Alice ran tell show. Well, I know how can you kill yourself? Oh, you know it'll be quite an experience, huh? I guess I better tune in for that one hadn't bad I better take the cure. I don't know if you can pick it up or not No, I probably won't be able to hear it, but I'll just put my dial on that spot and pretend that I'm hearing Maybe I'll get some psychic vibrations So who's gonna be on that show? I That's the question my My thoughts and like that on the TV guys probably my Thompson and maybe Lee's follower will come back for that one too Is that it? That's it. Well listen you gave us some certainly some stuff to think about or no question about that Have a great day. Okay. What a nice guy, huh? It was great So hang an outty skip and school today. Oh, he has a good day. Oh, we don't want to encourage young people to skip school But if they happen to be in a mood they want to stay home go ahead. You know you only live once have a good time 26 till eight on set of four accidents so gee that one of them