The prize Chevrolet by mistake. Southern Auto parts junkyard owners Sam Perise says it was an honest mistake. Police say no laws were broke. Sam who? Yeah. Perise. Perise? How are we spelling that? Oh. P-A-R-I-S-I. Yeah. Perise? Well, Sam says to guess on my farm. I don't think it's Perise. Perise, I said. See, I try to slip these by and I, uh, you stay. Beyond the lookout for dissolving checks, checks treated with a chemical that causes him to disintegrate shortly after being deposited of shown up in Memphis and Chicago. And you never guess who wrote him. Ha ha ha ha. Now here's the question. Yeah, not Larry. Here's the scam. Somebody opens an account with a small amount of money and later makes a larger deposit with the dissolving check. Before the check dissolves, the person withdraws the money and dissonance. Anyway, what station can Larry King be heard on a date and brown? W-P-B-R. I said like, what all date and brown done? Oh, not on a date and brown. None. Hmm. Isn't that string? Isn't it? Partly cloudy today and tomorrow. Highs will be nerdy and are losing it in your 70. And it's 74 now. And Z-4, it's 852. My brief. I'm my briefs, my briefcase. Look at this. This is a blast from the past. This is from the September 16th, 1987 weekly news page 39. Labor Day 1987 was certainly busy for the weekly news as Jack Sturney as he stopped at some of Howard County's most popular watering holes to shoot the pictures on this page is 39 and 55. To shoot the pics on this page is 30. What kind of grammar is that? At Bath Street, a hurricane party top the weekend stirring line and Evelyn Thomas had club 21 to Ranywell, black and white bull was the event to attend his dozens of entertainers volunteer the reference for this PWA fundraiser at the Copa. Mick Kale Brown saying her manpower hit as the crowd hot crowd danced to the music. At tackies, their packed t-dance brought out men. What? What? T-dance. As in T-ROOM. Oh, I didn't know they did that there. Their t-dance brought out men who like to post for Jack's camera and all told Jack and friends top left seemed to have labored happily all weekend long. And Rally's kind of, well, all these clothes, you know, even the broad in here's got a mustache. Almost everybody in the seriously, look at these guys. They've all got that little clone mustache. Look at that. Yeah. It's like they pasted them on. They went to the bar and tied one on so to speak. Look at, Airbnb almost everything. But there's somebody now, nobody in this picture on top here as a mustache. And in the upper right hand corner of what these other two very interesting looking people is no other than Alice Randtell. At that place, I'll be done. At the it says Copa underneath it at the Copa. So he must have been doing research for one of those many many shows that he does on homo sexual assault. Oh, I must have been doing research. Must have been. So we still have that picture there. Love it, dear. You know, I think you're adorable. I really do. I'll bet you hear that a lot. You don't? Well, I think you're quite a handsome doll myself. Okay, now back to pool. Hmm. That was a pretty nice break. Hmm. Pretty good shot. Now I can tell right now you're a pool shark. Well, there's something about the way you stand with that pool stick in your hands. I'm going to turn on the toothpots. I want to play while shooting. Yeah. Wait, next time I play, I'll think of you. Hmm. You are good. You want. But at least I can do this by you and other beer. Sure. Make that two-bears please. Well, well, I think you became a bit distracting to me if I may be so honest. I have other things on my mind right now. I've kind of been picturing you with your arms around me holding me close to you. I picture you kissing my neck softly and telling me that you think that you could fall in love with me. See, ever since we started our game of pool, I knew something special was happening between us. You felt that too, didn't you? I know you did. Ha ha ha. I think like a big man like you. Every woman likes to be held. Oh, it feels so good to be in your arms. I can't wait for us to play another game of pool real soon. I'm looking forward to it. Aren't you? Call me back tomorrow for a new romantic fantasy. Bye. Bye. That's not. Is that another day of writer rip off? You're just a grown-up Amy. Yeah. That's like X-rated Amy. You know we have a teenager. We have R-rated Amy, X-rated Amy, and then we have Shikotake Amy, which is how they start. We won't get into it today. That's a 976 axe. Yeah. Let me ask you a question about it. 858. Let's say to four. Here's your R-rated. Here's your R-rated. Happy birthday your R-rated. Notice Rose Fulger is conspicuous by her absence so far. Am I right? This is the latest that we've gone in a dog's age, and that he hasn't shown up in a dolphin's age. Yeah, that is longer. By the way, if you were listening earlier, we really hope you enjoyed the call to Luke and we were going to be a little bit surley at the beginning of the call, but we buttered him up by the end of the call. He was eating out of the palm of our hand, just like Flipper. Just like Flipper, yeah. Two minutes past nine on Zeta 4, and we'll go back to these calls now, because this morning has been quite an epic date county. Yes, sir. This is Neil. Yeah, how you doing? OK, who's this? This is Jane Goldberg. How's everything? OK, Jane. You know, you come from Rochester to Christ? That is correct. Well, I don't know why because I used to go see all those Americans games, Rochester, and I'm sorry. That is correct. I've been up there, my brother and all my friends went to Brockport. You know, Brockport? I sure do. And let me tell you something. I'm the first time calling. Listen, you show every morning, and I take your grade. I'm on your right, Jane. I'm right. OK, I was from the OCD, and I used to listen to that guy. I stand, but you're a hard job trying to better that. Yeah, all Howard, Howard's got about three words that he knows how to say and that's about it. I saw my mind with that. Morton show. Morton. Yeah, he looks like twisted sister on a bad day. You said that once. I don't know what you said now. But I just want to tell you a show is great. I like to bed. I like Captain Day. He's cool. You should be up front with you guys, though. Don't know. No? Now, we'd like to leave him in the other room because he eats so there much. He creates a lot of problems. You know, I never met. Where can I meet you? I hear all these things. I had an email, and borrow those stuff. When you can make another public appearance. Well, let you know, Jan, maybe a Don and Bob's. Don't know. Listen, are you really talking to you? You're just, you know, so so. I used to announce hockey, Jan, I'm a big hockey fan. Really? I want to tell you, we have a street hockey league down on the ice, Do we rode it? What? Good luck to you, Jan. Okay. Well, Neil's, play talking to you. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you later. See him is about to do a plug for the street hockey thing. I just, I can't do that, Jan. Because that's going to put everybody into a coma. But, no, I love hockey. Just to bet we don't get to see more of it down here. Of course, if I guess, if I had a satellite dish, then I'd be able to see everything, right? I don't know why you like hockey. All they do is just beat the hell out of each other. I mean, compared to like baseball, I can see even football. Oh, yeah, even football, which of course there's no violence in football. Well, physical content. Well, it's like, you know, they aggressively block and everything. Oh, yeah, they aggressively block everything. Oh, yeah, they aggressively block everything. Every player. They're just about the 22 guys fall on top of each other. You don't even understand what happens all about. You know, but I understand what it's all about. And about the speed and the grace and a great passing in the, Great, but oh, my God, he's got ways an incredible gold tending and penalty shots. And they have to keep their close to keep their jobs. They have to prove to their coaches about what a jerk they are by beating up on. And of course, we know there's no violence or physical contact in like basketball, even college basketball. They're just like wrestling. They're trying to like wrestling. And they're beating the crap out of each other. And the roller run on a floor and stepping on each other's contact lenses. Well, you know, they're trying to get real shame on them. That's what I say, but in hockey, it's like part of the. One of us to choose us, okay, excuse us. Yeah, there's too much violence in hockey, but that's because the public loves it. They, they eat it up. Yeah, it's like going to a car. We're like, you know, going to see the car races. They want to see somebody, you know, blow up or go on to see a boxing. They want to see the blood and the guts. And they want to see somebody's eye pop out. That's what the public want. They're all lawyers. They're all in this rubber necking. Well, I must have missed one of the eye popped up. Well, we're waiting. And if I matter, fact that happened in a hockey game, years ago. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I don't want to tell you about the guy who's skated over it. That's no. Ah, no, five. On say to four, that's a true story. But we'll save that for another day. Okay, moving around a long, that's good. I know that would make you like to game a lot better. Yeah, no. I got like, yeah, Bar County. Hello. Are you doing? Oh, no, are you? Okay. I know. Yeah. Oh, I just wanted to say that I love you. Show us the first time I've ever called. I've been listening to you since October. And you didn't call up until then. Something must have happened today to motivate you to make you say to yourself today. I'm going to do it. Exactly right. I just wanted to tell you that you shouldn't replace the burden of that. And you just not use, you just don't read why you should do that. Now, when I went to who said we're going to place through bird with Alan. We never saw. I didn't mean it like that. I just mean it. I mean it happens to be true. Yeah, that's true. Now, wait a minute. What's in the bag there? My bag. He's got a bag here with bagels in it. I'll be guy star. Do we have any cream cheese? It's in back there. Oh, it's in the bag. Okay. Yeah, the bird's eating again. Sir, everybody's eating around me here like a feeding frenzy. I was just got a lot of salt on it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm going to like these real salty ones. All of a sudden it's great hearing from you. I'm trying to cut you short. I mean, I thought maybe that was like a great point sir. Now, you really did. You made it here. Never mind. Go ahead. You said you made a great point. I said you made a great point. I made a great point. Well, the bird is great and I don't think you can. Alan is okay. He's trying to cut everything. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Do you know Alan? No, I don't know Alan. Then how do you know he's cute? Well, I just assumed that he's cute because you wanted to tell me that for two months. I'm going to tell you. He's not just cute. He's like, um, I just can't find the words. Okay. Seriously. I'm never really in a loss for words, but there are no words. I understand. I said, I just want to ask you for a date. You know, maybe when you get off, I can buy your breakfast. That's three this morning. Well, this must be a great week. Have a great day. And well, let's take a rain check. Okay. I know you do. You got a great show. And I appreciate you. And the phone and I. Thank you and everything. And this is great. Okay. We'll see you all later. Okay. Bye bye. Boy, I've had three propositions this morning. Thank you Claire. She's bringing me some coffee. Wasn't that nice? That's really very nice. I appreciate it very much. Don't see any cream cheese though. That's okay. That's just a joke. Don't get a lot of Claire. Don't get hysterical now. That nice. Got me coffee. That's really nice. Guy called and has your furniture on his truck from Levit. And says he can't wait until you. Get home. So he's. Dropping it off at the warehouse. No. You mean to say that that mung brain in my house won't get up till at the furniture in? Now wait, you let this guy go. He was on hold. What do you mean he was on hold? He was on hold and I said that you were busy. And I says, well, no, I can't. I just cannot believe this. Where are they going to drop it? And the warehouse said that he was on his way to your house right now. And he says that he found out that you weren't there. So he says, I think. Somebody there. Well, see, I didn't know what to tell him. He was on hold and I says, I said, I didn't use that name. I used my real name. How the hell does he know it's my house? Isn't that amazing? I don't know. He said, he knew Joey. That's. What are you talking about anyway? I says, it's going to be a while before he takes a break to talk. Yes, let me get you a number. Do I have to be there? It's paid for. All he's got to do is go there and ring the bell and Dave will let him in and those will deliver the furniture. That's kind of certainly, man. He was like saying, he says, well, if I had to know, he wasn't going to be there till about 10, 15 or 10, 30. Why do I have to be there? Somebody is there. Well, here's the number. You people that leverage your out of your minds. Well, he's many. Here's the number. He says that's for the warehouse. I want to, yeah, give me the number right. People on a year. Okay, what's the goddamn number? That you see, that's the problem with being on a year. Like these people know my whole life. I know. There's somebody there to take the damn thing. On believable. You believe this? Ask for what? You better hear your house. Where are the cities unloading it? Yeah, unload this. Let me tell you, you can take that furniture and stick it up your ear at Levits, okay? Yeah, is this the warehouse? This is a Neil Rogers on say to for radio. Yeah. What's going on with you guys? You know, I bought some furniture there the other day. It's supposed to be delivered this morning. There's somebody in the house. And the guy assumes that because I'm on the air, there's nobody there. Wouldn't it be a good idea if he went there and rang the bell first and somebody let him in to deliver the furniture? What's that a barricade? What do you live on? No, I'm not going to do this on the air. What do you mean, which side? They got the address. What's the trying to get? Who the truck driver was? Oh, it's on. It's so. Why is the Pine Island? Unbelievable. It's listening to the show. Yeah, that's great. I can't believe this. What's the driver? Is that mean, do I have to be there? Let me talk to you when we let you talk to the store manager. Oh, my God. They're going to store that. Okay. Love it after nine on Zeta 4. I apologize to the audience for doing this, but it's an emergency. Now, they don't get that furniture at his house today. I'm going to go to Levits and give them an offer. They can't refuse. Do you believe this? Everything is fine. Everything is fine. Maybe he just unloaded like the big stuff. What do you do? Put me on hold with some of this music now? Probably got life on the music on hold. They said they were listening. Can't believe this. The guy, the truck driver knew that I wasn't there. How does he know who it is? They just know. I don't do business under Neil Wajus. No, I don't know how, but they know. They do. Do they really? Yeah. Well, let him stick it in your ear, okay? He knows that I'm not there. So does that mean that there's nobody home? You may want to hang for a second. I've never heard of this. By the way, if Levits is by any spots on his show, Tom does stick it in your ear, okay? Thought all mighty. And that's not cool. We're advertising. What's that? Well, I got news for you. Boy, I'd love to do this spot. I'll do him live, okay? Tell him, hey, they got some great stuff, but you'll never see it. Okay. And they're listening over there to top it all off. Well, that's kind of make sense. Well, we got to do his go there and bring the bell about 20 or 30 times. And Mungbrain will get out of bed. He'll get out of the door. Exactly. It's great. Hey, you idiot. Get out of bed. We'll go in there and hold a 35-year-old man. Who is that? He's used to that. It's only $100. That worked great. Go on. Hello. Yes. So, what's going on? Where is my furniture? Hello? Hello. I can't believe you believe this? I'm not sure. It's still in the truck. Well, why is it still on the truck? Why aren't they delivering my furniture? Why is it going to the warehouse instead of my house? I mean, I'm sure that you'd like to furnish the warehouse and have it look real But I can't afford to buy furniture for the warehouse. Is this a person in your name? Yeah, it's under my name. Not under Neil Rogers, it's under my real name. I don't have any idea how this got involved with his show. But you're an adult dumb button. What's your name? The real name is Be Hell for you, idiots. Everybody knows my real name and not only that, but what the hell does Neil Rogers have to do with this? Oh, that one, no, that one. Oh, that one. So what's the problem? Why are we getting messages here that the where and that the truck driver isn't taking a furniture there? He's taking it to the warehouse because he knows I'm not home. What is that all about? Are you people, are you people brain dead over there or what? How do you expect the driver to take your furniture to your house if you're not home? Because there's somebody else there, okay? And he hasn't been there. Now maybe if he went there and rang the bell, somebody might let him in. He could lower the furniture, okay? Oh, I'm, do you believe this? Do you believe this? I want to, I'm going to tell you a little story about Levitt's, okay? I went there the other day and I bought this stuff and I had some good deals here, okay? And I bought a few things to die net set and cement tables. And the guy says to me, I give him my credit card. He says, oh, we don't take the gross credit cards. We have our own charge and give us your credit card and your driver's license and your phone number. Two minutes man, they'll fill it out. You'll be all set. 40 minutes later, I'm still filling out forms even at the White House. They don't have so much red tape to fill out. Oh, I remember this place. Oh my god, I'm telling you by the time you get through filling the forms out, you could've, you could've gotten, you know, you could've died already. Could've built a table. Exactly. You could've gotten and built your own furniture and painted it and blackred it. Well, why had 20 meals on it? Why do you think they're so confused? And now they can't, they can't. And why is there nobody on this line, by the way? Why is there no space speaking to us? They hung up, I think. They did? I don't hear anything. No, they're somebody on there. They're just like, hello. Hello. Yeah, what's going on? We were talking and nobody was there. What do you mean you were talking? I've been sitting here trying to get an answer. Now, what's going on with my furniture, please? It's coming. Yeah, so is Christmas. I hope so was it there. Well, so what's there is someone at the house? Why do you have doubts that there's someone at the house? Am I making it up? I don't know. I mean, don't I know if there's somebody else living in my house? I'm house. I mean, how is it that you people are all such experts on who's in my house? Yeah, okay, here's somebody else. Okay, here's the eighth manager. Here's the eighth manager now. They want to talk to Uncle Neil. Yeah, great. They're very confused. 9.15 on Zeta 4 as we continue talking to our friend, and we're going to be living at Levit. Leave it to Levit. Leave it at Levit. Oh God. How many hours? I'm going to do it. Yes. Okay, what can I help you with? What you can help me with is to tell me, and we're on the air by the way, on the radio. So let's try to conduct ourselves in a civilized manner. I didn't get to do it. Yeah, now what seems to be the problem. Why is it that your driver doesn't want to deliver my furniture to my house? Why would he want to deliver to your house? Because he called here earlier and said that he knows that I'm on the air and that I'm not home. So therefore he's taking the furniture to the warehouse. Okay, so already been in the room that there is someone at your home and he's on his way. Yeah, but why would he assume that? In other words, if I told them to deliver it today and that there would be somebody there. Why would he assume otherwise? I can't answer for him. Sir, I have no idea. I mean, is your driver brain dead? No, I don't think so. He happens to be a very experienced driver. Really? Well, I think perhaps if he listened to the radio less and paid more attention. It's a 24 till night on say the four and we'll come right back. It was kind of confused at first. So that how to how does he know who I am and where I am? I don't think he knew who you were because he kept saying this guy. They say this guy works there under some capacity. I was going away to second, you know. He didn't really. Oh, yeah, likely story, right? He works there under some capacity. If he's delivering the furniture, what is he calling here for? Maybe wanted to make a request. Yeah, right. I got to request for him, okay? Do you remember that movie dual with Dennis Weaver? Yeah. Spielberg. First big for the truck driver. I think that's the truck driver that's got my furniture. Okay. He's going to fall you. Now listen, when the people at Bones showed up here several weeks ago and it really was much too long ago with that. What's his taping there? You got your coffee and your I am saved it from falling down. Wow, that was an incredible move. What a what luck. If you would have had your bones cut that wouldn't happen. Because it's more lightweight and it's easier to hand. I see it better. I can't believe I saved it. It's easier to get a grip on. Anyway, I'm telling you they have they brought us the most incredible barbecue ribs beef and pork and beans and coleslaw and just I mean it was a feast fit for a king or a queen. And I want to tell you, it just doesn't get any better than bones and every Wednesday night they have fish fry night. All white fish fillets battered dipped and served with fries, coleslaw and homemade tartar sauce. All you can eat fish only 65 every Wednesday night. So no matter what you're to mood for whether it's ribs or all sandwiches, seafood, chicken, country dinners, they got it all with all the fixons. All the down home corned, corned, fixons at Bones in Boka. And we invite you to stop by for lunch or dinner any day of the week at 3500 north federal highway in Boka, mile and a half north of Glades Road got a party coming up. They do great catering. And if you tell them that Neil Rogers sent you by they will give you something special. And Bones. Something special for your Michael Jackson Archaeologist collection at Bones in Boka. Are you there? Okay, hold on. Oh good. John Line. Can we put it in here? Oh, that's good. If it's on 187, I can't wait. Hello. Hello. Wait a minute. What kind of crap was that? Yeah, what was that? Why is he mad? I can't put that on here. He is words we can't say. He sounds like any Murphy. He did. And then what's his problem? You didn't call him it. He was pretty funny and here. He has he really. Yeah, once we got him on a air he wasn't so funny. Yeah, too bad. He went a little, he there was some potential there. Anyone a little crazy. A little crazy. And you're right. It sounded like the soundtrack from Waw at a Murphy's room. I think I'm going to get my furniture in pieces. I thought that was okay. Maybe, right? Maybe on the wall. I'm going to wear house back again because if that was really the truck driver, I'm going to be churned all of this furniture. Okay. I'm serious. If that was really the truck driver. Yeah, this is Zeta again. Okay, Neil Rogers. Yeah. Now did you hear? Are you people listening over there? Uh, hold on. Let me make sure I'm listening to him. Yeah. Now we just had a guy called here with said he was the truck. He was the truck driver. He's using all kinds of four letter words on a year. That was a driver. Yeah. Yeah. He's a little hyper for that. He's a little hyper for that. Yeah. He's a coffee. That was the driver that just called here and used it. He was for letter words. And I had a dump off the air. I don't think he knows the number. Oh, yes. No, no. No, it's a driver black. Uh, no, he's white. That wasn't him. That was any Murphy that called. Any Murphy? Yeah. I have any Murphy called here. Okay. We'll see if we can arrange it for it. We'll have him repeat what he said to us. Okay. Okay. Have a good day now. Bye bye. He was saying he was either going to go. I think he had boring from now. We'll just call Levitt's warehouse. Yeah. I keep that number. He was saying he was being a little bit. He was being a little bit. You know, it's the guy called. Oh, no. I figured that it wasn't. He did it that way. It's the guy they purposely forgot. Yeah. I did not expect them to look likeola. The show start to his father-in-law and stop was what you call him. Half of what you said he was kissing. Or is he known by his father-in-law I guess? He was pretty patiently looking at himself. He'd be like,dır unified with. While he was particles are crossing it. It was going to send a click. He came up and he ran across touck, and Dr 치 and has two clear lines. But remember he didn't say she called, This we have one thing going here. All right, let's take some more calls now because it's been a traumatic Friday Broward, Howard County, hello Come on Oh get out of here Broward, hello People system to get the affirmative you don't mind Go right ahead believe me there's nothing on the cable anyway This is one of the original Flaming we relic is calling I got a question for you. Yes, sir. By the way, we never got another letter from Susan Martin as we go She's out of material if you keep died all poor Susan listen to flowers I'm a talk radio addict Mm-hmm. I gotta ask you this if you were an addict like me and you were forced to listen to talk radio in this market between 10 and 2 in the daytime I'd kill myself. I'd kill myself. I really want to blow my brains out. I mean I have to tune in to Sandy Pate and is that I might come on Okay, no, you're not okay. I mean anybody that's that desperate Well, oh, I'll know I'm just saying can't you give it a rest for four hours can't you put some stuff on cassette and entertain your and amuse yourself until A stand comes on It'd be required the Neil Rogers show and listen to it later very good thinking great idea. I got a good idea for your show Okay, I think that everybody that calls up in the month at first of all, do you record your shows? Yeah, I think they should everybody that calls up should make a great attempt at giving good phone and That you should take maybe the 10 best calls and at the end of the month play them back and have the audience vote on which one was the best and give a prize for it I'd be fun Just a suggestion. I think you ought to suggest it to Jay Michaels You wouldn't get any of that be the problem now. He's got all those entertainers on at show Man he's got every group and every band and every club and every Sh Megeggy that comes down to Pike Man it's incredible That show he did yesterday. I want to tell you on a scale of minus infinity. It was it was there no words to describe it Okay, hey, have a good day Now did Dennis ever tell us is today the day the trends are coming out. He was in here like a flash and then he disappeared Something else was on his mind. Yeah. I don't know what he didn't say I mean don't don't we get to know anything anymore We totally in the dark I thought that Mark Kulman was a douchebag, but this rose man. We're just like to know Why is he voting on a cup or city? How do they got to do with he's sure all they do is show to do it to bring me a message and he's taken a poll on the cup or city kids Oh, well the poll was shitty. He let him in or not. Yeah This is all I don't even know if they really wanted in them. You know one thing about Stan man his originality on a scale of zero is I don't know what it is. I think his brains are fried or something. I don't know comment Who it's Dan, but they're okay in my book. I like them. I'll bet you to come on. I think they're good for you They would be good for me. Yeah, no. I don't think to the least that's running to them I kind of see you like as a father figure. Yeah, that's exactly you got it exactly right now You're kind your generous and I hope that you know about it made. He does have it made No, and I think you should have some control over them over who over big days Living there with you. I should have I should have some control over him. Now. What does that mean? You know some amount of control over him as far as keep them in line. I keep him in line I know He needs it right kids today. He needs it. Yeah, those guys have a lot of energy. Why what what is it that he did then? Indicator he was great. He was good. He had himself rather well. I thought he did yeah I thought he did too You weren't there all day now. We had a leave and want to clock. We weren't invited to the concert Do you want to go? No, I think so, but they want to get your way from there, huh? It was a bit unorganized. Yeah, that's too bad. I felt bad You know, I brought my son with me and I was always telling about the large crowds Now great it is and a lot of energy. It's just great not there where is everybody I don't know something's wrong here. I don't know. I know they're over there. I just follow me Now the rumor about this that this friend of yours that you were with he is the person responsible for turning you on to talk radio I know he doesn't like to admit it too often That's right, Glenn. He is that's what I thought made me sit down and listen to Neil I mean, I never listened to radio of any kind You know, there's that's why I know like a supplier But he made me sit down and Now look at me and the rest is history and the rest is history. Yeah, it sure is history and my house Tell big Davis and happy birthday and enjoy your new house. I sure will all right you guys have a great weekend You too, bye bye See you just new that line was See you again important God was trying to tell me something right and it was something important and I'm vital I wouldn't listen something vital and He wouldn't listen Just when you thought crap call records couldn't possibly be more tasteless I'm a boy I'm a clean bunch of Brooklyn I make this year count me Even both do time to smooth that's right. It's the cat skills cowboy himself Dr. Irving paycheck singing the all-time greatest hits of Nashville. I still hear the account You gotta know how to beat him No, how to cheat him if you're born a little good life Deep a second set of books and who could forget this flavorful cut On their own places looking for likes I'd buy my vacation Fallen is tough. Be sure there's no cases a bones or to my soul and no collection of old country music would be complete without Dr. Irving paycheck's dietary classic I've as coach yet And coach Bosn school yes Crap call records proudly presents the all-time greatest hits of Nashville Those not Miami moves to order noshville hits dial 1 800 A six by Dr. Irving paycheck cuz he's got those not Miami Yeah, I understand you Irving it said 936 on Z84 Boy this I we were going along and we were singing a song and we were our thing for two by a half an hour ago And all of a sudden man we got that one message on the screen about nine o'clock And all hell broke loose here, you know Now did we miss something did Rose come by here and tell us about About the numbers are they coming out today's in a rumor about something I think I blinked out for a minute We must have missed out. I'm sure I'm positive that he responded to my question I need some aspirin. Yeah I need some acceden extra strength at this point and if the truck drivers listening great I hope you get a diary. Okay. Make sure you spell the name right And don't put down you listen to be hell for on a radio. Okay. That won't get the job done Now can you picture going home and there's furniture all over the front lawn? Yeah, I can imagine that Oh, sure because you've got to understand the other part of the plot dilemma hasn't been solved yet and that is the person inside the house has got to respond when the bell rings Once you call right now, you know that Cart you have that you play when we reminisce about Lakeland You know that one Okay, I bleep that out because you're more than enough people got that number already. Okay Oh wait a minute. I can't put that message on the air cheese like oh my god. Oh, I put it I put a x-rated message on his phone. I can't put oh cheese. Thank God. I remembered So how do I do this now? Yeah, we dumped the thing already. It went all God. I can't Know is this something I can't Now surely if he rings a bell knocks in the door it will Someone will hear right don't call him sure. Don't be so sure of that. Okay. It's a great big house It would be a real good excuse to say well. I was sleeping and I didn't hear the bell Even though people some people do know that there's stuff being delivered there today I've got a very traumatic day today. There are all kinds of people coming today. What does he have the machine for if he's a bug spray man Did it what what does he have the machine on for if he's in there? It seems like he'd have a dish. Oh, he gets a lot of important calls early in the day when I'm not there For example, okay It's these Twinkie calls in a minute Okay from people who ought to be in school, but aren't stuff like that. There you go rip and stay it off again I know This is a dilemma. Yeah, now what the hell do I do now? Maybe because I don't have an answering machine on my line Yeah, I got to leave early today. Yeah, maybe I got to get home early We could leave about a quarter of okay or 10 obviously they're not speaking to us these Management people so put put along we're in the dark Yeah, let's play in a God of defeated we're in the dark Are we in the dark? We can Johnny would say we could have call him and have him run over Boy my plan. I didn't let that message go on it. That would have been so you just can't imagine Yeah, because you had just dumped because I say hi You've reached Dave's phone and he's busy doing and I mentioned a couple of things. I'll just end in her just a little joke That would have been in other words Right now before six o'clock in the morning we could have probably put it now So anyway, hopefully he's wide awake and listing and have a great time And a furniture is coming on do we have another call from Levits from the driver? Oh, hey, hold on a second We got to take a break before you take this call. Who is it? It's S&M. Oh, now what the hell does he want? I don't know. Maybe we could find out maybe he can go over to my house and make sure the furniture But I'm gonna do something useful for once and it's 2410 on Zeta 4 and we'll come right back We'll stop that behind your choice There must be a better way Then always asking us to pay Don't raise the rates because if you do I've got a pitfall you'll let you will too You always keep you waiting this way post when oh