Brace lands rock and seek speed above me Everybody's talking about my leeson a ring She died the night, but was it really love on? She got knocked up in Hey I will have a little end for my princess ride I would have been invited if I hadn't died I wish somebody would have died me A little girl She got knocked up in Hey Yeah Well please won't you tell me a little reason to re-watch Am I a duet with you again? The Scientology did you marry him? Because it drove you out, because he got you Every would child you got to a slugs But how can it be? For everyday you look good more and more like me And soon you'll be wearing a double-key cup You're getting big When you're kidnapped up Hmm Hmm Hey Yeah Well your family's mother so he gave you a ring And pretty soon I'll be with a grand parking Your husband and your kid are now in line To all guests sit on the king's gold mine now With but was alive you know what I say Only some a read I had to get this way If I had it if I had you know what ain't my head Well I can't Hmm I'm all ready to dance Hmm Hmm Hey Yeah Hmm Hmm Hey You got knocked up Okay, I totally all this was still alive He's got some great new material I work with Plan more of it as a week's go on And it was great hearing from many in general On Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD Hello, I'm Saul And I'm Harry Here to tell you about a special place Just a shot with a judge Come to your case and poke no I scow that's where I want to go To get a bit of a medal There was that in the poker knows He can feel that big I saw that stuff What a shuffleboard if you were I got a nine go for Saturday buns Or for the food on top of your tears I hope it's kosher Enough poker knows Guy top and Barclay's Camel back and was killed Mount Ellie and Shawnee They're she even making her own here No play rock and cresco Oh, we let's go pumpkin into poker knows We'll have some lives and then we'll see our show We're told you all and though In the poker knows Get a hot shake, you put a champagne Sit five of full and act like a job Let's get the chicks who can meet in a skull Over by the exercise bar Can you hear the overhand of poker knows Guy top and Barclay's Camel back and was killed Mount Ellie and Shawnee Don't forget Mickey Rhinos Play rock and cresco Oh, we let's go pumpkin into poker knows We'll have some lives and then we'll see our show We're told you all and though In the poker know Let's go just to get you to eat this I don't have got my teeth in the bag But the water is there for this It's 1209 at Wild We can talk about picking out I have seen some disgusting displays in my time Many in recent months Why are you picking out on a Thai food You're just eating it all yourself You haven't even offered Nick any of that chicken You don't want any chicken wings How about some patai Are you sure now? You're positive Okay I want you to offer to everybody in the building First before you keep you're just going crazy You started out with a hot and sour soup And then you went to I don't even know what you'd have after that But it hasn't stopped I'm chicken Yeah And now patai Very nice it Okay It's only got two or three more containers to attack here So Good luck to you This is the guy who was so panicky that I was going on a diet And he wouldn't get any food in here every day Incredible I got my milkshake right here And my WGBS Allen Berkha Oh, you're going to send me this Look at him I like the thing is on the other side of that And Krabwam's jealous What can I say? And now here comes even more stuff More mong What is that? It's more mong It's really hard Oh no don't give that to him I'm telling you he'll just go crazy Oh that's too hard Yeah he'll start hyperventilating Okay, let's go back to the calls and continue to show Lunchbreak, be a little bit later on Let's go to Volca Hello Hi, Neil How you doing? I'm going to ask for all the jerks up here and boat Could have been calling you show the past couple days Well, I'll probably your neighbor's pal You're probably right, you know there's a word for those people Boca Brats Hmm That's what we call the plastic people Yeah, there's a lot of plasticity up there In fact, if we have a day about 98 this summer That town is going to melt There'll be just a little puddle where Boca used to be on a map You're right Last night I finally got to watch the movie China girl And it was a pretty good flick Where did you see that? I rented it Oh, I see you're ready to the video, yeah, it's good Man, I'm telling you it's good, it was good for me I'll tell you that Right on the sun Is it running on a same map? I think so Well, don't make the guy feel back Because he probably got cinema, actually went out No, actually I don't Good, see you now you feel better I know you're much better It's good Anyways Yeah, moving right along Moving right along I don't have a real lot to say Well, that's okay because you're a great caller from Boca How old are you sir? I'm 21 21 In Boca Boca, yeah Wow What happened? You get like, hi Jack, you're something Can you remember when Boca used to be this little small little hamlet And it was so nice and nobody like about it What's September? I thought I thought, I'm already out 5441 And they're moving west Yeah I think they're opening a Sadie's buffet out there That's what's doing Please, okay, let's see, you have a great holiday And we'll talk to you again There's really quick one last thing I want to charm it the other day Commercial boil first Yeah You're right It is the best thing since Don O'Babs I'd compare it to Bill Grey Bill Grey's Yeah, Bill Grey's That name sounds very familiar It's up there It's broad, just there Bill Grey's Yeah What is it? It's franchise up the broad chest Or like hamburger joint I don't think I was over there The name sounds familiar I know Vic and Irves But let's not get started on it again That's somebody to get a real nice sneak in We're trying to get him up Just at the end of the call The sneak a little bit Okay, you have a good one now Okay, just to make bird feel better I don't know Alan And I think he's a jerk Oh right I have a good day I have a good day I'm an excellent call He knows Alan I bet you Alan I bet you a lot of our Cooper city people are home for the holidays Do you think so? Yeah, as they say in Pittsburgh holiday Think they can find this As in Door This we're not We're not where we were Think they call you Alan will find this In fact, if Alan's listening right now We invite him to come by And the studio needs some of the birds food Hey tomorrow It would be a great day to have a bunch of those people come by Alan And who else don't you like? We could have Charlie from BCC He's a good guy STEM could come in Big Dave Speaking of somebody coming into tomorrow You'll never guess who is going to be here tomorrow Let me hold on to this No, no, it's not anybody that you with a he's here every Thursday Fat Rich is going to be here I said even I'm Thanksgiving So he's going to bring us home Yeah, he's going to bring the avion And Thanksgiving Peace and a salad No fruit Oh good No, no, don't go bring a lot of food here Right here you're going to have serious problems Now we're Spencer Spencer should be here around 1230 That's the popular rumor So if anybody's listening out there And the executive or a physicist When Spencer gets here Direct him right back into here Boy, get him right here Seriously because if he's going to be here 1230 every Wednesday He's going to get our car as first I know it's audio I know that sounds unreasonable to some people But it takes me longer Oh, it takes me longer to get home Then it takes me to get here in the morning And morning is a snap Most mornings But getting out of this God for a second place Man, it takes forever And especially when you get out there on 79th street Boy Or 82nd street Everybody's going about two miles an hour And they're terrified To move Of what? You got me You got me They might be frightened Okay, let's go to a Hollywood Of course if you were to drive it on 79th street You'd be frightened too, yes sir How's it going? It's gone good Good Yes sir Whatever happens It sounds like a chronic regular to me Doesn't it? Who is this? Who is this? Mark Mark from Boko No, I'm not in Boko Okay, well Go ahead Mark We'll ever happen in a group minute work Min at war on it Truh Well they had a hit or two And it likes so many groups That's good What do you want Mark? What's your real story here? Come on There's the police station Said a couple of number one songs And then he went to number two But the next year Yeah Yeah, I knew that was a great voice Now I got Just rambles on and on And coherently But God Thank God we can be here for Mark Because he needs the therapy I want to have this cover About these milkshakes They're pretty good They're really hard good But you got a drink in the fast Oh Yeah, because otherwise they start getting lumpy Oh, okay All the part of the problem is that 1902 blender They got done in the cafeteria here I think I'm going to bring Malawai Khan I'm going to have to get another blender Now did you look closely at that pose That Alan has on it? I'm not looking closely at Alan period Okay, I just had my shake That's my lunch And I will not look closely at the blender I'm not sure Okay Let's go to a Miami lake Hello Hello Hi Yeah Hi I was funny story to share with you about my 14 and a half year old daughter Okay I'm an AM convert because of you I had WILD on all day Friday Right And Friday evening I was driving my daughter to a friend's house And she the radio was on And she said, what's this? I said, it's the radio She said, is this AM? Yeah, what is that? I said, yes She said, oh my god And she got very teary eye And she said, don't you understand I'm still a child? I didn't What does that mean? She said, did you listen to AM when my brothers were children? She has two older brothers Yeah I said, what does this mean? She said, don't you understand? AM is old And you're not old And I don't want you to be old I mean, she realized that I was putting one of my own feet in the grave Yeah By listening to AM, I think you need to find a way to locate the kids I don't want to tell you, you're listening to WOLD Right Exactly But I thought you didn't try that story That's cute She overreact Yeah, I'll tell your daughter stopping so emotional Okay, that would be a good start Okay, I'll give her the message Okay Okay, bye bye That's cute Not real cute But cute 1216 at WOLOD And I keep forgetting about tomorrow I promise But I can't bring it Oh yeah, we can just play the record WOLD Like Casey says, just play the record I'm pretty fond of it I'll bring you WOLD tomorrow Play it for all our friends for our al Byers and all those other folks over at WOLD I wonder if they're going to be taping on Thanksgiving Absolutely Thanks, so they'll be taping on Thanksgiving Yeah We'll find out Over time Okay, let's go to Pompano Hello Hey, now How are you? Pretty good, how are you? Great Great I want to ask you about a couple of things First is good to hear Stan's voice yesterday Yeah, we had a good time Everybody in mind said, I've been hearing most of your bits from FFM But I'm the old good that's But I didn't hear he said he got a new one about a rubber or something Oh yeah, they're kind of radical The condomsaw, well that's fine We got a barrow that from GTR See that's a hermitime queen that's their bit And they've been loaning it to us But every time we get our own cart of that Why do we have to keep borrowing their cart in it Well, have you heard the content of it? They were afraid What's that? We're afraid of what? Well, have you heard it? We're not afraid Listen, anything he says Well, well borrowed from a moldbag in the get it from We're not here anyway Somebody else is in there But what's the idea in there? No, a duty team Oh, duty team Should we? Should we? Should we? Should we? And be a speed. Duty will be thrilled Should we? She loves us Yeah Now go get it Okay Okay You're not going to hear it Is now what you're saying? I'll go get it during the break Okay, and I think it's open all day And the draw will be the crap out of them Okay, good idea I'm going to give you a couple shots from Probably get about a 70 share Good idea Okay, I'll do a good day You too Bye, boy Okay, 1218 I'm going to do the break Now so you can go there And get that the cart for us I'm sure duty team will be just a lyrious to share it With this as they say Right now I want to tell you about a really great time You can have on Discovery One Dean Cruz is like the salsa Cruz every Thursday The murder mystery crews every Saturday They have a comedy classic day cruise And the rock in 60's cruise every Saturday evening And now they got something brand new for your real intensive Cruisers out there in this audience For the party animals in the under 20 and 30 crowd Especially designed for the neo Rogers audience Who can never get enough Total entertainment announcing late night party cruises And they start this Friday November 25th this every one will sail a 10 30 p.m. With the late night party cruise for just 15 bucks On herd of price it all includes fabulous buffet And the full casino live bands in disco cabins are available And every night for neo Rogers listeners It's 39 bucks and your late goes for half price only 19 50 to on more information or to make reservations for Discovery One Call 476 99 99 you call them right now 4 7 6 99 99 9 9 9 9 discovery one A sale from port Everglades ships registry Panama You'll have fun on Discovery One And I told you we were going to do we started that with Roger this morning To make up for time we're going to start playing two or three at the same time Which is a good idea that we can really zip by all this stuff Okay 21 past noon at W. I O. D. The neo Rogers Wednesday Think we will be here tomorrow. Thanks giving so please please Those 10 or 20 of you who are so desperate that you've got nothing else to do Be here to call us and you know be a part of this thing because on holidays Man, it's like touching go. Yeah, you never know It's touching go. Why don't you share some of this food with these nice people who are just desperate who are looking in here I told them that could have some but you didn't invite them to come actively Laura's I did dying for some of this stuff Don't don't wait come in and get it take it out of here because he's just eating and eating and eating and And drinking and eating and disgusting I mean this is like Captain David drag here this morning That's how bad this is. I've never seen this play like this. Oh, yes, you have well Seldom. Let's hear that way. You're well, no you're right. Nobody nobody could be in a same league with him Why didn't she come in here? Why are you getting the food? We're not joking. I'm serious get it out of here. Not already told you if you if you people don't want it then feed it to the rest of the Natives downstairs because I'm Tony he's just going to sit here and keep eating. I don't want to watch it. I don't want to see this all day She won't come in here Tony, you think of me Sharon is afraid of me of coming in Sharon We're sure I don't even see sure right there. Oh, I don't remember I told her out the quality Sure and come in and get everybody's name yet That's why I can't Laura come in here and get it for Laura's not afraid to come in here. Sharon, are you afraid of me? She's terrified. Yeah, watch out for him. Okay. Watch out for these Billy touchy grabby. I'll be all my best be here. I've seen your routine here all the way. I've seen what's going on around here Squeeze is everything get his hands on. Okay. She's got Phoebe came here What in the can't help he was even squeezing the fruit. She's got Phoebe anyway. It's 23 past noon at WNOD and we want to thank Judy to you for being a great American If you don't get you lovers you better get the lovers because it's not the kind of week we say If you think this fucking cover your pockets before you and I am wrapped your wager cover your stuff before you Don't be silly protect your will. Don't feel alive cover your body if you go with me Thank you for me when it comes from your spot even in the center You've read your love I've won the sweeter if you have your dear to the ring And you're always every day If you don't leave you lover you better use the rubber because they can't give you one to play Public service message at the Rock and Roll animals at 97GTR Okay, I'll just calm down folks we're back on here. It's 12 24 Wiod demand everybody's in a frenzy now see it was a little difficult getting them to come in but once they did they cleaned the whole place up which is good That's where we like it. Yeah, I'm having missed a disgusting mess. What would you say if Mitch came running in here when he had his mess all over the table with mong Just teeming off the edges of the table. Look at that radar. You see what's going on over the state Okay, let's go to Hollywood. Hello pretty good. You got to use a bird. I think he's having a CB complex over there Yeah sure is he's a I'm telling you all the young women in this building man are running in any direction they can I think it was that Paul Harvey Junior call yesterday Yeah, the picture I know you probably thinking about it a little bit too much. Yeah, I think that's it Just had the he the can he did you see the broadcast special on seven about the Kennedy. Well, I watched a little bit of that during the I was switching back and forth between the Haraldo Abcenity and that thing and you know you You've seen it over and over and over again and again. I you know, and not only that, but I get really emotional about all of that. It has a very traumatic effect on me I mean, I think I've cried enough in the last week to make Alice in Wonderland float away with all of this you know, it was a very painful and very difficult thing for a lot of us I was 21 years old when Kennedy was assassinated when he was running for a president. I saw him speak at Michigan State and then the next day saw Nixon speak So it didn't you know, it wasn't really difficult figuring out who I liked But you know enough is enough already man. They don't know everything they do has got to be overkill I mean, I was a question. I wasn't even even born. You weren't even an idea yet and You know, well, let me tell you something. I don't want to get to modeling, but the young people who were born since president Kennedy was assassinated No nothing about leadership. I mean, this was a guy who had just Certain intangible qualities that you can't define. In other words, a leader is a leader and you can't make somebody that you either have those qualities or you don't And he did and since then we've had a succession of morons like Ford and Nixon and Carter and you know eight years of repression under Reagan And now we got a real you know, mung brain that's coming in there now. So it's deep pressing Many birds. Deep pressing, but what can I say? I get it, but did you see the van a movie? No, I'm afraid I I didn't watch it any time in my schedule for that Very, very terminal. Oh, that's it, yeah. He's one of the words. I'm not gonna ask like is it possible for myself to send you any You know tape as long as they're like a home done stuff on like a four track. Oh sure. You know and you guys could preview them and if you like and play them over there, do whatever you want. Absolutely. I just want to check. You'd that be all right. All right. You know, have a good Thanksgiving. I'll be tune in in tomorrow. Thanks a lot. Thank you Yeah, we got one. We got one for tomorrow. Maybe we ought to do that as we go along today. Find out how many we're going to have tomorrow. Like setting place settings, you know, for dinner. I'm serious. Man, these holidays are a killer. And you know what you usually get on holidays. How long? I want that man. I want we'll play stuff. We'll play music. We'll play Chinese Gong music all day before we'll do that. West Palm Beach, hello. Oh, yeah. Hey, don't today. We're doing pretty good today. Sir, how you doing? Listen, that's what story for you. Oh, got your regards to that old douche break because you got Monday. He was complaining about you, pitching on gold people and Canadians. Yeah, pretty. Kept listening to the various radio show. Mm-hmm. Anyways, I'm happy to work out. I work at 3 o'clock in cruising down 808 by 3 p.m. Now I'm sending this to my son. He's in front of me. 20 miles an hour in a 73-74 caddy. I'm sorry, 74. Daddy, I have a Quebec license plate. No, New York license plate. Right. Drive where we're left to and point with the right hand. We're looking for the steering wheel. Really all can't see how this steering wheel is looking through it. I think I can't think of the person's way. Could be. Could be. Anyway, it's good down to the car's ring. Please. Get down to the car's ring. I'm praying. You guys can go to the car's ring. I found looking to the car's ring. I got a amount of sailboats. Get to the bridge. Sure enough it comes down. Can't make it a bridge. The only justice was some tidal fish and catch this fish. Swings over my enjoyed and absurd. Great. Excellent. We're put a couple of dents in it. That's of course he won't make it a different stem anyway. You can go to time. Well, listen, sir. I want to say this to your intentions are great, but this call. I mean, the Nick is on the floor. He's in a call. Seriously. All right. Okay. You know, I don't know. I don't go feel bad. Now you see your field. You're a great guy, but the story was you had to be there. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Have a good day. Thank you. Yeah. Did you get the card? Card. The a cubs. The second set. Yes, I did. And I thank you. Especially that Ryan Sandberg man. It's got a special place. I was told not on it. Okay. Now if you get a mic polaque man, I'm looking for that one. I got him. Do you? Thanks a lot. You all have a medal. Be the day 12 30. And W.I.O.D. The knee erog your show. We have a, you don't believe a word of the story either. Not next. Not only were you boring, but he doesn't believe a single word of the story. For your brutal. You know, of course, that's for more than a W.S. news. I like that. I get to all those old, old callers. How, how can I talk to Charlie? Oh, oh, Charlie is so wonderful. When you're going to have your next crack knock down the air. Oh, it's a little bit of a bad thing. Yeah, it's a little bit of a bad thing. Yeah, it's a little bit of a bad thing. Okay. Let's go to was South Miami. Hello. How that? Yes sir. Uh, is it a fellow fat rich? Oh, wasn't he the fit of champion or bra or county one time? Yes sir, that is correct. And that was only six months ago. What does it have a nice day, pal? What a call. I know. I thought it was cute. That was, uh, yes, he left him speechless. What the, my amy. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Hi. I just want to say hi you guys. When is the as Carlos? Come on stuff. Oh, be in you, stay. Ah, so. Don't start now, Charlie. Listen, I just wanted to know you guys are talking about, um, about food and everything. I know, I don't mean you want to get off the subject. Why are you speaking to me like in the third person? No, I, he listen. I have no problem talking about food. There are no calories in talking about it. I can, I have developed a little bit of will power. Okay. Not a lot, but a little bit. Have you, have I did one of you guys have been to Los Angeles and eat in that Tommy's? I've been to Los Angeles. I've been to Los Angeles for many times, but never eaten a Tommy's. I ate at, uh, Carl's junior and I ate at, um, what's that other horrible place, um, Jack in a box? Oh, man. Pits. Horrific. Now, you talking about Tommy, the sword is place? No, he's not talking about Tommy, the sword is getting out of here. Will ya? He's never, the, the, the farthest north is going to not be in the likeland. Frightest. What? I thought so. He said the hot sauce is pouring. Yeah, I, I, I go with him. But, um, no, the Tommy brings. I, I, I used to live out there about three and a half, four years ago and I really missed. I don't know how you could live out there, man. It's, it's such a, I mean, the grain of this place is far behind. It's like in the dark ages, but the environment out there is so horrendous. And the people, all these punks and all it like on Hollywood Boulevard, all the way to Beverly Hills. Until you get to the sign, which is where, you know, nobody dares step over that block. But right up until that block, man, there are all these punks and gangs in the generates and goofballs and tattooed weirdo. It is horrendous. Ten of people out there are really reaching. Yeah. I only, I would only, only living out there for about a year. Oh, going to school out there. Yeah. But what you should probably live in a real like more settled normal place like Santa Monica. Would have been good. And I hope, or West Hollywood. Just to Joe. Barbara, Santa Barbara, Elizabeth. What are you saying? What are you saying? What do you want to say? I'm your, I'm really in here with you guys. Are you sure? Okay. Boy, now you, you started out great, but I have a feeling that whatever the last guy hit, it's He is rubbing off on you. No, really, you started out great. I just wanted to, I was just wondering about the time burger that you're the one I got into, you know? That's right. Now you're right. You're absolutely right. It was my fault right. I'd take it all back with that thing. Okay. I'm here. All right. Okay. You have a great day, and I'll see you, Tommy's. I've never heard of Tommy's in my life, but I'll take it for me. I've never seen one. I've been all over LA. I've never heard of Tommy's. No. I mean, Carl's junior in Jack in a box. They're on every street corner. But Tommy's? No. I mean, Ralph's. I know Ralph's super market. Boy. And Alphabeta. And Beta Zeta. And Bobby Zeta. But I don't know from Tommy's. Miami. Hello. Hi. I want to tell you both about very handsome, very handsome today. Oh, yes. I worked for a doctor on Miami Beach, and my husband was telling me that you do, uh, you're talking about felting? Yeah. We have a show on felting tomorrow's a matter of fact. Oh, I was wondering if you could say it for me. What's that? What you say about felting? Oh, no. I wouldn't do that for a minute. Hello, Dr. I'm on felting. We have a whole show about turkeys that take felting on Thanksgiving Day, man. It's going to be a real eye opener tomorrow. And the meantime, maybe I'll worth them standing by with the WIOD news update. It's 1234. We're on one. I knew. Yes, sir. Remember, uh, we back in April, you called me out in Beverly Hills. My name is Rory. Hey, Rory. How you doing? I sure do. All right. I'm down here in Miami visiting all my buddies. Man, it is a dead town. Oh, yeah. There's nothing going on here, Rory. Man, this is a, uh, I still want that guy who called earlier to call me on another day, who left here eight years ago or nine years ago and came back. I really, I blew it there. I wanted to ask him what the deal was. I don't know. And speaking of old parts and Tommy's, what do you think you got when you go to Tommy's? Oh, don't say it. Be careful now. I want to say it. This isn't the Steve Canesho announcer. Okay. But this is really kind of dead, Miami. The weather is really gloomy. It's so nice. Well, no, no, no, no, no, no. The weather's been pretty good. We had a couple of crappy days because of Keith, but other than that, it's been pretty nice. You can't blame that on it. But, uh, forget about the weather. I mean, it can't control a weather here. But as far as the people and as far as the ambiance and as far as anything going on, this town is as dead as a door nail. She come out California. It's real nice. What else? Thanks. I can't breathe the air out there. I really can't. That's true. I'm serious every time I go there, I get sick. Yeah, I get a choke in my throat every night. There's something that happened. Well, we don't want to talk about that. But there is such a thing as a Tommy burger, huh? There is. There's a chain up in there called Big Tommy. Oh, yeah. And for like 295, you get a double hamburger, a very greasy, covered with chili. Oh, a road test. Wow. It's even gross or later. Hmm. Well, listen, I think I'll pass it and how long you've done here for now. I'm in for two weeks. Wow. I'm going up to Tampa. I'm going to the airport this very minute. And I'm going to drop me off and go on a Tampa for Thanksgiving. And then I'm coming back down here to see if it's alive and up a little. Yeah, well, you sure picked a time to go up there. Whether or not it'd be perfect when you hear it. Okay, listen, have a good time. And we'll talk to you again. All right. Thanks, bye. Bye, boy. All right. He thinks the weather's gloomy here. Wait till he goes to Tampa. Yeah, wait till he gets over there on the west coast. Talk about not much going on. Hmm. Yeah. Go to Bush Gardens, I guess. Well, stay in shape. And don't forget Crystal on Dale Mabri. You go to Crystal, pal. I just sit there and hey, just fill it up. You know, open up the trunk and let him fill him up. He's in go over to Lakeland. And he can go to Lakeland on a way back. Yeah. And maybe even a little trip up to Milton. See your pal. Our good buddy 20 minutes till one at Wild and we'll never get another mobile on five. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Well, we're doing pretty good, isn't it? I think you mentioned it. Oh, good. That was a perfect. It's great. You know, this really funny. I wanted to call you all day. But both times I wanted to call you someone stole my fire. I wanted to tell you that I had a copy of the asshole song. And I haven't heard you playing it. So I was willing to give it to you. You haven't heard his plan it. I just got back in time. I've been out of town since you moved on to WIOD. We played every day. Really? Oh, yeah. That's great. I know when they took it away from you back on. And we're not working for those douche bags anymore. Okay, pal. So don't worry about that. They're going to get theirs. Actually, maybe you remember the last time I called you. You were still on EM over there. And it was the day you played about 20 bits back to back. Yeah. And I called you to ask you why you didn't play the Delta Airlines one. And you were, you said that you were having a lot of problems with them. That they were a little bit scared. They are. They're not. They're very touchy, man. They're very, very sensitive. You know, I can imagine. The reason I called is that remember Mark. I'm a long time ago, Mark. Well, so we've had so many marks that I knew. I was going to come on the show with the show. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I sure do. Way back then. Remember, I'm the one who called you and told you the reason he'd never show up on your show. It's because he was so overweight. Yeah. We heard from him a couple of times. He didn't like me very much for telling you that. He snuck in one day. When we were on Zeta. He snuck in. He came in. Yeah. With Alan. That was the guy that was Mark. That's right with Alan. Yeah. And listen, if he'll bring Alan, he can come in on the show anytime. Okay. You know Alan? No. Oh, what do you know Alan? Okay. A lot of his reputation precedes him. He will go to Iraq. Yeah. I'm going to screw up your whole idea of UM students. No, that was just a joke. We like to needle him a little bit because let's face it. They deserve it. Oh, yeah. Well, of course. They have a lot of problems in their own right. Yeah. Yeah. I screw up your whole demographic. I'm only 23 years old. No, that's great. That's our demo on his station, sir. Yeah. I think it's great. I think it's so good that you have you. Before we got here in this day, Partie used to be 123. Oh, I know. Of course. So on Steve show the demographics still about 120. Well, I know Steve's got a few people who are actually alive. Believe it or not. Are you serious? Yes, he does. Are they're stone respirators, all right? It's a since when do cars have collating? Call waiting. Is that collating? Yeah. I'm not answering it. On your car. It's my friend's Corvette. I'm driving around in my friend's Corvette. It's the prettiest. I think he got this phone free with the bowl of soup. And he became the program director at INZ. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Now the PD and INZ don't drive a Corvette. Trust me. Not the kind of decision to make. Okay. Well, Nick had a response for that, but I can't read it on here. He doesn't believe you. Nick just a very cynical guy. Doesn't believe anybody. He wants you to blow the horn in the car. The horn in the car? Yeah. Can you do that? Do we have to pull the phone out the window while I do the horn? Uh-huh. You just have to do it now quickly. Hold on. I'll open the window. You don't have to open the window. Yeah. Okay. Have a nice day, pal. I just had an answer to all our questions. I think that was incredible. It was incredible. I know wonder that Mark pulled something against him. Okay. I know what thing he's not going to hold against, Jusser. It's 1244 at WIOD. And let's go. I'm still in shock. Wow. That was a bizarre. It didn't sound to me like he was in a car either, but I was going to humor him. But then he just lost it. Yeah. I was like, uh, rolled out the window. I was sticking out the, uh, window. Yeah. Stick it out the window, pal. He never did blow the horn, by the way. Maybe if it was Allen, we didn't invite him to stick it out the window. But not this guy. Let's go to Hollywood, hello. I'll go near. Yes, sir. What's up? Oh, we're doing it, pal. We're really doing it, man. We tell you. In case you had any doubts. It doesn't hurt. What's up? Oh, we're just hanging out. Hey, I'm a big, uh, Paul Harvey fan. I love his movies. Yeah. Be a miss him. Do you miss him? Yeah. I would like a good day from the hospital. Yeah. That's my favorite. Good day. Oh, hey, bird. Yeah. Good day. You say, uh, Duke cell on crew. I can't. I can't do it. Let's not the rekindle memories of that night. Okay. Great job done there. But I was in a hurry. I had to just tell one of my, uh, memories with the middle-level management over there. That day and I was ready to blow all their brains out. Boy, it was, uh, it was a real exciting night for me. Sorry to bring it up now. No, that's okay. Hey, you guys are great, man. That's pretty cool. That's originally from Connecticut. Well, nobody's perfect, pal. Thanks. Now, what are you doing here? Um, watching my mom tell us she bought a house here and, uh, she can't make it here. Really? Yeah, she's trying to get a transfer out of the post office and, uh, it's taken about a year. So I'm just watching the place and really, what a rough deal. That is, huh? And you just kind of hang out there and you're watching the house. Yeah. Just to make sure it doesn't go anywhere. Like a watchdog. Excellent. Well, you keep it up. Okay. We'll send you a case of apple for dinner. Hey, thanks. Okay. Have a good one. Bye-bye. Boy, there are millions of stories in the magic city. Are there? Hang it out watching nomad house. While she's out there working her butt on somewhere in Connecticut or someplace. I don't understand that at all, do you? I think that's a good idea. I think they have my mom coming here and do the show starting tomorrow and I'll go watch her house. Oh, oh, hang out. I watch all those soap center. What is that? Oh, that's my stuff from, uh, great. Thank you. From new trail system, right? I want to say something because they're not starting on my shoe to less Monday as far as a sponsor, but I want to say something now and that needs to be said. Because I have ripped them badly over the last couple of years. over the last couple of years and I think justifiably so based on my previous experience because I tried this diet four or five years ago and they admit it. They don't disagree. They say the food was horrendous. It was like little cans was like dog food and I just couldn't stay on it and everybody around here has said hey it's different. They've changed the food. You ought to give it a try. So as of Monday of this week I started it and in fact they brought in food last week for me to taste it to try it to see if I would like it because I wasn't going to do it if I didn't like the stuff and I couldn't do the program and I'm not going to sit here and tell you that it's more may-quizing because that is would be ridiculous but it's edible and it's good. It's got taste to it and it's satisfying and you get into a routine with it and I'm not having any problem with it. I'm doing it extremely well and I would do even better if people would stop trying to force feed me a lot of stuff that I don't want and I don't need. Okay? If they would get the message you'd understand that it's a lot more important for me to lose the weight than to have any more free meals okay for a while. Okay? You get the message? So anyway I just wanted to mention that I've front because otherwise people will be calling next week well there you go you've sold out. Yeah I've got nothing to do with that I you know because they have been trying to get me to do their thing for for two years. I mean desperate and I said no and then I finally said okay if it's changed I'll give it a try and I'm delighted that I did it because I'm doing great on it. Okay let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh Neil. Yep. How ya ready? Okay pal. What's up, dude? How are you doing, Brad? Great. Hey I'm calling over here from Fort Lauderdale. I'll be on the corner of Andrews and Commercial probably you're all these cars going by. Yeah I know where that is. What's that? I know where that is. You know where is there? I don't know. Hope I don't get run over by any of these blue hairs here. Be careful. Yeah hey reason I called first of all you're going to go on the neutral system, huh? I'm already on it. You're all right. Are they going to put you in the TV guy like they put those other people over the before and after pictures? I sure hope not. I need a whole big page of what? Yeah, they probably need a double you know the whole uh insert. Hey the reason I call I got a I need your help. I need your help off so good. I got a predicament to work related problem. You know anander saw help here. Okay. What's now sitting down last night talking in a Last month I worked for a real big company on here for a Larderdale and a home off the up in Connecticut and I I was sat down last month with my supervisor and regular for annual reviews and he told me what it was going to be and it came out to about a 9% race which I thought was adequate for a big company. Yeah. All right the race didn't come in effect until just yesterday. I normally just right out my check and put it in the bank don't even really look at it. Take it off for granted. Well I happen to look at it and it turned out to be 20% great. I'm back to you. I just this blue my mind. I didn't know what to this. What do you think? You're back down and I'm going to go ahead. All right nice that down and talk to her. After this phone call I'm going to I'm going to take your I'll take to do whatever you think is right. I was thinking about keeping it but I think you know being a big company they'll probably find out later or I never have to give them money back and I'm going to go back on my other salary. Oh yeah you're right because that happened to me one time when I was at W. snooze they were overpaying me in a enormous amount and they were making a mistake and they were paying me my talent fees twice or something and it was just an enormous amount they were overpaying. And to be honest with you I wasn't trying to be dishonest at the time I didn't know because the thing was those screwed up. But then they took it all out again. So if it's going to get taken out I'd straighten it out now or you're going to be so far in a whole man you're going to be eating Alpo for six months. Yeah but it's not to have an extra cash and yeah. What do you think bud? Well I think he's right I think that you should tell him and otherwise you're going to pay later. You're a damn right man and if you have serious if you have to have all that deducted later or you don't want to deal with it. Okay. All right all right. It'll be worth it. Hey he's not that they love you so much they really want to give him the prom story I got two kids at home one in the oven and uh uh in the oven. Yeah I need the extra money and okay listen good luck to you pal. Hey hey nice talk to you bro. Okay thanks a lot but enough is enough okay. 1250 I mean some of these people they are really they're all nice but some of them are just going on and on with these stories. Well it's my good guys got a little dilemma but it was terminal okay. If I keep saying they all have stories today. Yeah everybody day's got a story. Yeah here's the melting pot story they have fantastic fondue okay. I mean so good that you are going to do like a little tap dance in the middle of the aisle when you're a waiter or waitress comes by. There are three melting pot locations in South Florida they're in West Palm Beach at 34 South Military Trail. They're in South Miami at 985 Sunset Drive and they're in oral springs on West Sample Road just east of Pine Island and the food is fantastic. You could write it your table of services excellent prices are very very modest and it is delicious especially of course my favorite the desserts. The milk chocolate or the white chocolate with amaretto fondue and the you dip your angel food take and cherries and all the other seasonal fruits it says here and you're but uh and at white chocolate and it'll set you free forever. Plus all your favorite beers and wines too. You stop by for a great dinner. Any night seven nights a week beginning at 5 p.m. the melting pot in oral springs West Palm or South Day 1254 WI would do want to say uh high to our listeners and they tell them this morning or the afternoon whatever it is. What are you laughing about you just got you telling me that the Johnny Dark is back in town he's going to those spatial radios you know what I'm saying like he does based as only he can and there was listening to us from Jacksonville South so hi to our friends in Duval County they told us oh Daytona South I'm sorry we have been a fair and she mean we don't get into St. Augustine yeah but there's a station there at 600 well let's let them sign off okay and quick through and around with our signal all right let's go let's take this one out order because we got a very important Cooper City called here hello hello oh I miss you Neil you miss me I miss you very much well I'm here waiting for you pal how soon can you be here actually I'm coming Friday we don't want to get into that no I don't know if you remember a guy named Marshall called you and he's vaguely he and I'm his friend and we wanted to bring you guys oh yeah you wanted to bring breakfast what I'll bring any food I'm sorry but I'm not eating is there is there anything at all you can eat this one or one of the call to find out uh no can't do it nothing at all nothing at all can't do it well you bring your pictures and you could just look at him and nothing we can talk about you me uh because we don't just want to have you know we like the bird there but we didn't want to have him sitting there he's right like you wouldn't want to come all the way out here just to feed him and I don't blame you but uh the big dream is there anything at all it's okay no I'm there again there's nothing at all okay I mean I'm not trying to be rude but the answer is no see you waited for him oh that's not your waiting for Neil he does a very far now let's sing a song on right there he's on her and was nice but he's taking for her now he's in a film of room he let his mom and run his life now he's making it got no why he lost his presence of a boy when she did a different far off how long comes it all some these bambos are like me these old rich guys and tell him that the virgin love or they'll go backstage to concentrate in the home with the road he says they came and now with the rock star no another stroke a nine seven six dial a day those in best yeah they got day all three of them one dog with a pass on his eye okay oh no come she's gone now you know bambos one shot up to kill up they're on the floor oh yeah two shots at the heaters they got the shirt off and a wet teacher contest for 15 dollars okay I'll tell you about the I admit I go out with a bambad when they're all Sofia sometimes so there are makeup on my self let's march my Yeah, that's why I thought she said, I don't know why I did a little pondress there, but it was cute. Yeah, let's go back to the phone, show it because time is a wasting. And I do mean a wasting, Delray. Hello. Yeah, Neil, I'm a first-time caller. Great, Delray. And you're on that vocal line. Yeah, I'm on that vocal line. I'm on that vocal line. I'm on that vocal line. I sound like you're going to be a good caller to me. You're really doing it. All let me down. Okay, I'll try. I'll try not to be as long as some of the guys you had in the last time. Yeah, man, some of these people. It's like they think they got their own show or something. Yeah, they wanted to ask you, I didn't catch you showing data too much. That wasn't around that early in the morning. I don't blame you. But my hurt one time this song beat it and Michael Jackson, think he did. Yeah. Michael Jackson glow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what it was. Yeah, that was a little bit. Yeah, what happened to that? Well, it's right in my hand right now. I mean, the the cart. You're going to get that on or if you can. Of course. What do you think I got it out for? Because you're such a great guy. It's your first call. I wouldn't want to let you down. Get your peo. Yeah, I'm not nervous here. I'll never let it slide. Anyway, I want to say hi to my grandmother. She says she'll listen, but I know she's right. She's listening right now. She's a closet listener. And I can't say too long. I got to go to a service card. King's point, which I'm looking for too. We have one here in Delrey, I rest. Great. Why aren't you a lucky guy? What do you do? I'm a off-squatment technician. I got to go into the clubhouse. I'm sure they're going to have you tuned in there. Oh, yeah. You got to service all the old parts today, huh? Yeah. I got to elect you. Yes, service reception. I know she's probably having a good day. Okay. Well, listen. Good day to you and have a great holiday. And it's coming up right now. So, run to that radio. Okay. Thanks, Neil. See you later. Good day. Okay. Oh, listen to that. That was pretty good for her first call. Wasn't it? Well, and he was brief. And he was to the point. And he wasn't terminally sounded like he was alive almost. Yes, he did. Which in Delrey is the hell of an accomplished... It's 11 after one at WIOD. Hello. This is Michael Jackson. Urging you to help stop the spread of social disease. Don't risk your life by heading a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar queen. I urge you to do like I do. Go at alone. But make sure you wear protection. That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson gloves. One on either hand, the Michael Jackson gloves. And the other one on the other. Add to the security and peace of mind that I need to do it myself. So remember, before you throw it out, put it on and... Well, Michael Jackson gloves. Moving once again that a bird on the hand is better than one in the bush. A better than single-model spot, extra stimulation. Okay, Joe. Thank you, Mike. I like that pawn shop spot that joders. It's a good idea. I'm going to be a good idea. I'm going to be a good idea. I'm going to be a good idea. I'm going to be a good idea. Dr. Ma, I like that pawn shop spot that joders. That's my favorite. Anyway, on Monday, we got the updates because everybody's going to extend the holiday now. And on busmen's holiday. So we have updates for days ahead for all the different shows. And on Monday, Steve is going to have a very elementary school parent, Anaya Mazuros, and Rabbi Mordahai Winniars should Christmas be banned. Well, in other words, Christmas carols in the schools. And then we're going to have Dampy McCallum on Tuesday. Good goyum celebrate Christmas. My answer to that is, there are no should use celebrate Christmas. I got to hit myself. Should goyum celebrate Tishibov. Yeah, that's going to be our show. We're going to do should goyum celebrate Sima's story. Okay. Anyway, it's 12 minutes after what a WIOD. And what come back? Yeah, I know. Steve needs another rabbi like we need hemorrhades. We'll be back right after this. Everybody's got a different reason to come to tropical at colder. It's relaxing and exciting. When will the drawer? I love it. Well, I suppose to come to see competitive racing and friendly people. The minivation that lasts about four or five hours. You have to enjoy it if you come here. Let's go by one. Come spend your holiday at tropical. Special Thanksgiving post 11 a.m. And how do you get there? Right on university, right next to Joe Robby Stadium. It's our family track and it's like home. To be sent back to Cuba is to face death. It is this fear that caused the burial rights, crippling the Atlanta and Oakdale prisons. I'm Nureen Cland, a year later, Channel 10 eyewitness news has traveled to Oakdale at Lanta and Alabama to talk with the Cuban the hostages and officials to find out why the riots won freedom for some, but not for all. Watch the burial rights just as per some. Tonight at six followed by ABC News with Peter Jennings on self-float as choice for news. Channel 10. Most of her habits. The year. The horror of the Bathophobia. Bathophobia. The inexplicable fear that grips homeowners when a guest asks to use the bathroom. Are you sick of keeping people out of your bathroom or kitchen because you're embarrassed by the way things look? It's time you visited your cure for Bathophobia. The Dave plumbing showroom. Dave plumbing showroom is over 8,000 square feet of showroom and it's a finest and most stylish brands for your home or office. Like your geospindless child of palace to lavatories and drop in balls and solid colors, floor designs or in 24 carat gold. And Bathom accessories from the Eschima Collective. From 24 carat gold plated and hand-twisted crystal to the finest loose side available. Step into the Dave plumbing designer showroom to cure your Bathophobia and register to win shower radios. Free made service for a month. Or subscriptions to better homes and gardens magazine. Dave plumbing showroom. Located at 9.75 North Miami Beach Boulevard. 163rd Street in North Miami Beach. Oh my god the holidays are coming. And along with the holidays comes my mother-in-law. She gave us a lamp. Oh, what did I do with it? Oh, here it is in the closet. Oh boy the lamp shade is torn and the lamp doesn't work. I guess I better take the lamp over to Elamo's lamps and lamp shades and 1-8185 Biscay in Boulevard. It's the Biscay in the upper shop. And see if they can put it in working order. And I think I'll buy a new lamp shade too. After all, what a better time to buy a new lamp shade than when my lamp is there. Right? Now my mother-in-law will notice that it I've been shoved aside. And since I'm going here I'll take some other lamps and get some new lamp shades for them too. Maybe I'll find new lamps, pictures or accessories. Well here I go to Elamo's lamps and lamp shades and 1-8185 Biscay in Boulevard in the Biscay in the upper shop. 9-322611. If you're coming into buying new lamps shade, don't forget to bring your lamp. After all, you wouldn't buy a hat without your head. Our woodjack. Mykronary, Neil Rogers, Steve's game. The greatest talk show lineup in South Florida history is right here. Now, more with Neil Rogers on new stock radio 6th, WIOD. And by the way tomorrow, Steve will be off on Turkey Day, which I guess is appropriate. And his guest host will be Norman Kent. This is... Was going to be now, Norman is moving from chronic guest to guest host. And during the last two hours, animal rights activist Lonnie Wiggen to talk about Turkey's rights. Well, it's about time when did that show? Yeah. I think it's long overdue, don't you? And it may be one or two other goblers along. I'll show you never know a Norman's going to be on. So, we'll tune in and find out. That's tomorrow, Steve. We'll be here today though with open phones. I'll explain you to do what I'll tell you that. 116 at WIOD. Let's go to West Palm. Hello. Hi, Neil. I'm on for a time. Great. Yeah, Roy. You've had some really dead calls today. I hope I'm not one of them. We've had bad call. No, we never had any bad calls. We had some boring calls. But hey, listen, let me tell you something. Wait a minute. This has been a picnic compared to Monday. Monday was 100 times worse than the day. Yeah, I know Monday was pretty bad. I tuned in to 10 to 11 and you said the phone calls got bad from from 10 to 11 on. So, I might be bringing the bad luck. Listen, what I want to tell you is, I went to the place. Yesterday. And I observed to be abused for it and I want you to feel free to abuse me. Went to Epcot Center. Why do I want to abuse you? Yeah, it's okay to go once. Oh, man. What? Didn't you go back to half a dozen ten times and I've got you can go to once. Once. What's your complaint? Oh, it was awful. And I paid 28 dollars to get it. Well, you're not going to find any bargains at Disney World. Okay. You know that up front. There are no bargains. They charge you an arm and a leg. Right. And when it's like 100 bucks for kids under six, then you know you're in big trouble to start. It was terrible. It was boring. Epcot, like I said, it's okay to go there once. And it's, you know, you'll walk around and you're hoping to get desperately hoping to find some good food in those international things and you don't. I mean, it's okay. But Disney line is not Disney. We're not known for its great food. No, did you go to see Michael Jackson? Yeah. I saw that. That wasn't too bad. There were people who said they did this is a fifth time they did it. Yeah. There's one or two good thing there. But it's not a starting. I like to spacehip earth or whatever they call it. That was okay. And what you know is raining all day. Well, you can't blame us for that. Well, I'll blame you for that. No. I blame myself for going. Good. Well, I was, I locked myself in whips and changed and fled to like myself for hours over it. Thank you. Thank you. They'll make it. It was, it was a very boring place. Yeah. There was nothing interesting about it. You could stuck around here and listen to some of the radio shows in this town. You've been just as bored. Well, you've got a great show. But the guy before you and the guy F to use. Come on. Don't stop. Would you please? Please. I'm begging you. Just be nice. Well, what can I do? I don't know. Sees. Be nice. Okay. If you like him fine and if you don't like him, nobody's forcing you to listen to him. And the same with me. But I listen to you. Well, thank you. And I stay and don't make that mistake again. Bye bye. Okay. Now she's off to Bush Gardens. Why enjoy Bush Gardens? I think it's an eat place. Yeah. It's okay. Not as exciting as sitting around over a crystal on Dale Mayberry. It's a second, you know, my second favorite. It's nice. Very nice. Yeah. It's no burn steakhouse. I'm not discussing such things. By the way, I like our clock a lot. It's incredible. One nineteen at WIOD. We have a mobile. Now, are they whining mobile and bokeh? Okay. Watch out. Hello. I wouldn't mind to you, Neo. How you doing? Okay. It's very. How you doing, bird? Great. Very. Next as you're a winer, Barry. No, I'm not a winer. No, I can go to him again, Barry. Well, why don't you tell me what is this another person like this. You know, this is to balance out all your personal. I don't have any personal. I never get a chance to talk to bird. I do want to tell you, Neo, though. I'll give you a home phone number. Okay. But listen, Neo, I got to tell you. I used to commute to bulk from Hollywood every day in the morning and enjoyed listening in the morning. Yeah. Then I moved and I didn't get a chance to listen to you. Then you moved from 10 to 2. And the only chance I get an enjoyable day on 995 is listening to you in the bird. Well, the thing was, Barry, I couldn't go to the screenings when we were working in the morning. Right. But because I had to go to bed early, but now I'm back on a normal life again. I'll keep back on the schedule, buddy. I'm going to do four today. Okay. It's that time of year, isn't it? Yeah. This was like, uh, bending over the fence in the back here. And I like bending over. I see that. Come up and see us in bulk of bird. Oh, you moved, huh? Oh, yeah. We moved up there. Yeah. He lives real close to there. I know. I know. Okay. Listen. You're calling us been incredible and have a wonderful life. No. No. And take good care of them for me. Okay. Thank you. So much. Boy, you got some real winners up. Okay. Let's go to Miami. I wonder if Jeff Potter. Oh, you can say it again. Yeah. I think I have a unique experience just moving to go. When you broke from the news. What do you mean? What do you mean by that? When we go from your delay. Yeah. Wolf, that was rough. What happened? What happened? You started, you have an echo effect. And then you tried to be stretched apart. It was just incredible. Great. That's what happens. I think we feel in here. Oh, hey. Anyhow. Like you're in some kind of an SNM parlor. Yeah. Just a couple of things. First of all, I noticed in this week's a hero in the weekly listing. Yes. The Dean is still listed. Oh boy. That hero is so far behind. You know, pretty soon they're going to be putting in listings for Alan Courtney. That's how sharp the hero is. They're right on top of it. Where they never get off of it. They'd be okay. That's the one thing. Two. I noticed since you've got the wonderful island dream. Yes. The last of their drop-in hit drop-in. That is correct. I pondered as to whether to take that with me and I thought, Now let's leave it behind and see if we can't eliminate it from our lives. Yeah. No way. We're not bringing that back. Holy cow. Yeah. The sky is falling. See early in the morning it was okay because people weren't awakened up to know whether they would be pressured up. By this time of the day, we don't want to do it to. You can understand that. I was listening to some old face. Monitoring smoke paints is about shows. And I'm still asking myself, There's William's bird, neat gambler. That's the question. That's going to be Steve's topic next Wednesday. With an Arab and an Israeli. For literally, I was something else right in this. I haven't, do you bring your organ along with you? Now my organ is still, I left it behind. Well I'm talking about the real problem. There was a great, you know, it was wonderful. Now actually here, if we ever get to use the production studio other than coming in on Sunday, which I'm getting tired of doing. But if we ever get any time in there, we've got a library of all kinds of sound effects and that they've got their own organ in there that'll make the other one pale into winch significance. But I have to find some time with it. All right. Awesome. One part of the track tomorrow. I'd like to listen to you guys. But I may be at the track. Or look for your buddy, a restaurant, a green shirt. Yeah, I'll let you guys wear a green shirt anymore. No. Just go up there in the Aroof Garden. And you know, just about two minutes before post time. And you'll last there. He'll love. He's incredible. If a horse loser, he helps the reason if it wins, he has three. That is correct. It's incredible. The good old lester, I sure miss him. I'm going to get it back out there one of these days. There's a horse running you remind him he's tomorrow. I think it's called that feedback. That's one of my favorites. And don't try to punch my brains on that one tomorrow. Okay. Well, good luck to him. I'm closing. I have one thing left to say to you. Good day. This is the real bi-grid topic. Okay, see you later. Bye. Okay, one 24 a WI of D Man is showed a day. And you know the amazing part of it to me. All day this is seemed like Friday. Yeah. So I hope you guys have a great weekend. And I'll be back. Doesn't it seem like Friday? That we got to win Steve. It's your own time like Wednesday at all. And a real bitter pill that's going to be hard to swallow. When you wake up tomorrow on your realize we got to come in here. Yeah. Again. But it'll be great. And all listeners, one 24 a WI of D. Do you have old steak Gloria to be your wife? I have. Carol. I have. Here take a VIXthroot drop with instant action. It works on context. So you'll get cough really soon. Like a cough syrup only faster. Take it in answer to me and here. You take Gloria as your wife. You know, I'm not really sure. I don't know. VIXthroot drops with instant action. Because faster elite is better relief. Use his directed. And for other times when you need vitamin C, try VIXth vitamin C drops. You know what I like about VIXth vitamin C drops? I don't have to peel them. Really? Before I used to eat oranges to get vitamin C. And I get all the peel parts stuck in my fingernails. VIXthroot's are much need. I pop one delicious drop in my mouth. And I get all the vitamin C of one whole orange. Two drops, two oranges. All the vitamin C I need without the peel. Anyone who shakes my hand is grateful for that. VIXth vitamin C drops. All the vitamin C you need without the peel. Raps us with the peel. You sure are blanking the hairtoes. You're having great breath. It's a present with a future. And a lot less hassle than our big oven. So we'll get plenty of use. Use. I'm going to take my human asses. Having romantic brunches together making eggs. Banything. How are you, sir? I feel like making breakfast for the kids tomorrow. You do. Well, sure. Bacals. Lots of things. Breakfast is me. Yeah. The versatile toaster oven. Brazard's. Replay the picture. KB furniture must raise cash. The planetors demand payment now. Over $450,000 of furniture inventory must be sold. We have no choice but to order all surplent inventory sold immediately. Regardless of cost or loss. All living rooms, dining rooms, bedrooms, sleepers, recliners, bedding, and accessory must be turned into cash. The principals have decided no reasonable offer refused. It's suggested to come early while inventory is complete for the best election. KB furniture is located at 1951 West Copens Road. North East corner of Copens and Powelan Road behind Wendy's. KB is open Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. Sunday, 12 noon to 5 p.m. Call 960-0714 for more information. That's 960-0714. Mastercard Visa or in and out of state checks accepted. No reasonable offer refused. KB furniture must raise cash. KB furniture in 1951 Copens Road in Powelan Road Beach. Wild presents Chase the Dolphins. Sponsored by Benzley's luggage and gifts. Delta Airlines and American Tourister. Here's your chance to win great trips for two to a Dolphins away game. courtesy of Delta Airlines. We'd love to fly into its shows. We see Brownford Fairfare for two. Hotel accommodations and great seats to the game. Register now with your local Bentley's luggage store located in Malls everywhere. No purchase necessary. Listen to Wild for the winner each Tuesday before an away game. Brought to you by Bentley, the American Tourister. Marriott Hotel's Renobody takes care of business in the business traveler like Marriott in New Stock Radio 610 WIOD. All the boys remain in Mexico. All of the sets are flexible. Make the cup and carry the big night to take a just an extension of the lake. Be fun to put some love to love. We must take it every time the clock goes home to white. We can't go night, but we can stop on work. By our own, it's important to form. They try to search it because they don't mind everything. When the memory falls, they drop the drugs in the end. For more, all the rules will be if they say hard on hard on hard on. Make the photo. I love the French Canadian. They had a big erection of their couple of days ago. They got the word of the down here, man. I had a nervous breakdown. I'm 30. At WIOD, let's go back to your calls in Hollywood. Hello. How are you doing? How are you working back in Miami again? What's that? You're working back in Miami again. What does that mean? I can't follow this now. I'm losing all. Incoherence. I've been in Miami for a long time. I've been very as part of it. I know you live in a plantation. I thought, that is correct. I see. I got you. Okay. I got a short police story. I guess. Real short. Okay. How long do I have? Is that it? Yeah. What's that? What's that? How long do I have? One day, a little Hollywood night. I saw one in the areas in the hall of the hall. Yeah. It's not because my tag was crooked on the car. It's amazing. It's like a six cents about the callers. He has written on a screen. You haven't even got five words out of your mouth. He wrote a screen. This story will suck. Yeah. All right. How come everybody has a story today? Everybody's got a story. But why should you be any different, right? Well, because listen. Okay. He stopped me any when he ran my life. He was right. He comes back. And he goes, I'm going to have to rest you. And I have to do why. And he said, well, you have to, you got to tick it on the boardwalk, writing your bicycle. And you didn't pay it. Yeah. 10 years, pal. The game, well, I was there 32 hours for that. Are you cereal? What? I believe it. 32 hours. Well, I don't teach you to monkey around with that faggotless sunny rose in Bergman. No, it was. I didn't have a three-wheeler. You know, I'm a Gary. Yeah. I don't know if you're asked for that every time, man. Yeah. Okay. How did it go? You're out of that other place. I'm glad you're back to, you know, some of it's going to let you do. To a real place, you got it. Thanks a lot. All right. How are you today? Bye-bye. Wow. Let's get our three wheelers out and show him a thing you're two. God, no, you just miss Helen Dale. Oh, boy. And I have to do another show from the diplomat Mallorse somewhere in Helen Dale. I'm a real big to do over there. I don't go to Helen Dale. Oh, you'd go to Helen Dale. You didn't go to the thing with me that day? Oh, yeah. You'd have had a great time. And Sunny would have come over and shaken her wing. And RJ would have come rushing in there with all the looking around behind him, seeing all of his supporters. Both of them. Don't you have to drive down Helen Dale Beach Boulevard to get to the Parod County fairer? Well, you can go that way, yeah. We have two federal highway. Everybody's going to be careful. Just be careful. Just be careful. No, no. No matter fact, what you should do is just like close your eyes and put it on the auto automatic pilot. What do they call that? I never even use the cruise control. That's it. You can cruise the Boulevard and get it up to about 100. Right right now is the perfect time to do it. It's one of them. Just about 130. And this is Jay walking time and howl Dale. Very big after a lot should be for the early bird. Now speaking of cars. Someone did not show up today. Well, Spencer didn't make it, but Spencer probably figured because of the weather. He wouldn't show up today. Was that a good excuse? Well, the disappointment. Pretty lame Spencer. Pretty. Thinking lame and it's getting real ponders. Okay. So we'll give him one more chance next week and if he doesn't show, we'll have to. I don't know what they'll do. Well, I think we'll go through Giffy car wash or something. April, or the more the WIOD news update will be right back. Good afternoon. I'm April, and we're with your 134 update from the WIOD news center brought to you by Rainbow Dodge. These are some of the stories we're following for you at the shower. The first time we're in the shower, we're going to be able to see the fire which did $3 million worth of damage to a historic Concord New Hamster church. It's blamed on an Orlando man who's confessed to setting over 50 blazes. For the third time this year, our fraternity at Florida State University has had its charter suspended. And the third largest cocaine bust in Mississippi occurred last night. Thanks to a tip from Florida officials. The Dow Jones industrial averages up 7.83 at the hour. Details on these and other stories coming up at 2 o'clock on WIOD news talk about the first time we've been in the shower for about 6-10. February is one thing you have to learn if you're going to sell cars and trucks at Rainbow Dodge. What's that bus? We never say no at Rainbow. Well that's easy enough. All right, now repeat after me. We never say no at Rainbow. We never say Michael Jackson and I just want to be a little bit more careful. He's got a problem. He's living with Marlon Brando. Are you serious? Yes. That's why he talks going to say about that. When he finds out about takes a little while for the news to travel to the other side. But when he hears about it, man, he's going to be really peo. Interesting couple, though. Yeah. Michael Jackson and Marlon Brando. Maybe Marlon made him an offer he couldn't refact. Okay, moving right along. Let's go to Palm Beach, hello. Neil. Yes. Okay. First time calling. Great. What are you doing online too? I'm calling you collect. I'm at work in Palm Beach, Clark. Excellent. We like that. We like that. We like that. We just companies got more money than God. And when you make them spend it, I love it. They had the idea. They had me involved for about 10 minutes before the break. Good. That's fine. Well, yeah. A lot of company. I hadn't heard of you till I started listening. I've been listening to IOD for a couple of years since before the dean and before Paul and before Bill. Yeah, they had quite a parade here in a time flight in there. Yeah, that 10 o'clock time clock kept changing. Every time I heard that another name. And I used to hear Steve mentioned a lot. I just wanted to tell you that I think you're great. And you're really funny. Thank you. And have a great holiday. Thanks. One more thing. Yes, sir. I know you don't like it. Have a week. But. However. However. But you know you're a first time call. I know I have a week going to have no sales resistance. I thought that might get that in. If you could sometimes before two o'clock play that. Hokenos. Well, I got news for you. You don't have to ask card on that because it's my favorite one. And it's just, it's a greater. It's a star. Yeah. All right. Thanks a lot. Wait a minute. You've got a stall so I can find it. Now. I have to get off the phone and go back to my car. I'm not on patrol. Just a second. Wait one second. Okay. Okay. One minute. What the hell is I doing? Okay. I'll let you go. We'll see you later. Now, if you. If you play your favorite one. Oh, I'm not playing the Andrews. Ah, darn. Oh. Oh. Okay. Some of the looks. Yeah. How would I do with the holidays? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Seriously, I put little of things on the cards. And then that way you can find it fast until somebody puts him in alphabetical order. I want to mention any names. It's 140, 20 deal two. We got a lot of clockwatches out there, which is why we give a lot of time on this here radio place. Hello, I'm Saul. And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about our special place. Just a shot we will turn from New York. He's the volcano. Let's go. That's right. I want to go. I can't have a permit all. It was that in the volcanoes. He can feel them things. I love that stuff. I'm sure football did you wear. I got a nine go for Saturday brunch. Or for the food on top of your dear. I hope it's kosher in the volcanoes. I got an buck Hill. Cam on back and was killed. My name is Johnny. He's a sheep in Mickey Rooney. And I'm a red rock. And I'm a crystal. Oh, we let's go home. Get into the volcanoes. We'll have some lunch. And then we'll see our shows. With Tony Orlando. Get a volcano. Get a hot shake. You're a hot champagne. Sit by the pool and act like a club. Let's get the chicks who can meet in a school. Over by the exercise. I'm sure the other hand. I'm a volcano. Guy, top and buck Hill. Cam on back and was killed. My name is Johnny. Don't forget Mickey Rooney. Play rock and let's go. Oh, we let's go home. Get into the volcanoes. We'll have some lunch. And then we'll see our show. With Tony Orlando. And a volcano. Let's go. Just forget your pizza. I don't have got my teeth in the little bag with the water. And they're put that one forty two at WIO Day. Your information station for the Hatties. And move it right along. Let's go do Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? I got to tell you. I ought to listen to you. Take your word more seriously. What happened now? Well, I've got separated and moved into a muslim. In the water. Oh, yeah. Why did you do it? Well, I must have been desperate. It was I was desperate. And anyway, it wound up that a lot of young couples are getting in there. And now they're trying to evict all the young couples. Isn't that nice? Yeah, they're all heart man. Those old farts. They're all heart. And they, if you, they don't allow you to play the stereo. I mean, they want mufflers on the toilet. Yeah. Getting pathetic. Yeah, that's what it is. But I can crank up. And I got to be honest with you. They're the worst offenders. I don't want to get my mother in a hot water with her neighbors. But I'm going to say it again. She's got some neighbors who walked. You'd think that there was a herd of elephants in the building. I mean, they just every step is like life and death. And every time I go over there for dinner. And you know, we have a wonderful dinner. And you sit down on the sofa and you're relying. Try to relax. And I don't know how she handles it. Boy, she must wear earplugs when I'm out there because it just enough to drive you nuts. And these are old people. These aren't young people. I agree with you. It's a better fact. And one thing that's really getting me is there are some old people that are and I agree with you. There's an awful lot of nice ones there. But there are some that are just incredible. Yeah. And I have one downstairs for me that they just write office while she's a crazy old lady. That one's in state. But the young people would make a sound. You know, goodbye. That's right. They're under 100 men get rid of men get them out. Yeah. And I don't. I'm Jewish. So this is an anti-Semitic. But when I put on my Yiddish and mom, I can crank that sucker up to 125. And that's the gods on his true life. But anything else on. So I want to dedicate if you don't mind a suggestion. Some Thanksgiving music. If you still have it like Fairfax out of the new in the Cowshook Cowboy. Oh, yeah. We got that for tomorrow. We'll play it on Thanksgiving day. I'd appreciate it. Just for your crowd over there. And have a happy Thanksgiving and Glenn. I love you, too. You're great. Thanks a lot. See you later. Bye bye. We're lucky. Because it sounds like he's going to eat him. Now listen. If you're under 100, don't move in any of those muscle. Okay. Any of those condo commandow outfits. Forget it. I feel sorry for him because I just realized how miserable I would be if I was in his system. Oh, man. Terrible. Terrible. And they just, they look at you with that host to look and they want you out. Out. Get out of here. And don't ever come back. That kind of thing. Just kind of the way we feel about some of them. Miami. Hello. Yeah. The Elf Hayes going. Okay. This is Paul. Hey, Paul. Hey. Yes, it was. Yeah. I appreciate that. Let me answer questions. Yes. Well, once a question everybody else got a question to a problem. What about the story today? Okay. Okay. I lived down in Kendall. And maybe Bird will be only as this. They're in good pizza places down here. Well, I'll tell you one, but Neil vehemently disagrees with me. But I think, oh boy. Well, I'll tell you another one then. You're in Kendall, right? Yeah. Or something I mean to want. Well, you know, over on Bird Road is Frankies, which has been there for a million years, which is real famous. Wait a minute. Let me let me interrupt Nick is asking a question here on the screen. Can my callers not use the inane term? How is it going? No. Okay. They cannot do that. They must say that. That's part of the, we've trained him. I think Nick's going to mic in there. Nick wants to do his own show. That's not what he does. He wants his own show. And maybe tomorrow we'll give him an opportunity. Everybody talks about that pop of VIX, which is across the street from the town of country mall. Yeah, I have that. Yeah, I don't know if this is far south enough for you, but that place on flag with street, the pizza loft that brought me to the other day is excellent. Right. That's on flag with street out not too far from the Palmetto. It's outstanding. Now she'll I tell you my favorite Neil will pass out on the floor and make gutter all noise. Oh, here we go ahead. Go ahead. Little Caesar's on Dixie Highway. Oh, yeah, I've been there. It's not in the chain. It's an independent little Caesar. Yeah, that's pretty good. Yeah. That's my favorite. Okay. Okay. My brother, dude, I've been at UM. And I'd wonder if you could call him a douchebag. Yeah. Well, I'll be honest with you. We haven't had any other requests for that. So because you're such a good guy. What's his name? It's Andy. Oh, Andy. If he is a douchebag, that speaks for himself. Good luck to you, Andy. And don't forget to run up the score. Okay. See you later. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. Now they wouldn't do that. Would they at the U of M? No. Run up the score on anybody. They'd like to play around. They're all around. They'll be around. They're all around. They'll be around. There are all around. And I'll tell you one thing, the answer to that is if you like boobs a lot, you would love to work and where we just came from. More boobs over there than Carter's got pills. Okay, it's 11 till 2 at W-I-O-D. Steve with open phones from 2 to 6 this afternoon. He's going to be apologizing profusely for that in tempered language. Click on the ear yesterday. Right now, if you're perhaps in this business and you're desperate to get out or if you're a young person is still hasn't decided what you're going to do, then check out EF-M-I. The entertainment institute right here in Miami. They have a one-year course. The next term begins on December 5th. So you better check it out real soon. And they offer you an extensive one-year program. And they will teach you to direct the operations of arenas, auditoriums, concert halls, convention site, stadium sports facilities, theaters and theme parks. It's an exciting field. And this is the only school in all North America that specializes in the training of facility management personnel. So if you really want to get into something where there's some serious money, there's some excitement, there's some travel, then check out the entertainment institute they're located at 1460, Brickle Avenue. They offer you affordable tuition. They're outstanding scholarships. And they also offer you job placement opportunities even while you're attending class. But sounds good to you. And you'd like to get more information. You'd call them right now. Tell them the arroggers at WIOD told you to call 371-61-111-111-1-1 for the entertainment institute in Miami. KB furniture must raise cash. Creators demand payment now. Over $450,000 of furniture inventory must be sold. We have no choice, but to order all surplus inventory sold immediately, regardless of cost, or loss, all living rooms, dining rooms, bedrooms, sleepers, recliners, bedding, and accessories must be turned into cash. The principles have decided no reasonable offer refused. It's suggested to come early while inventory is complete for the best election. KB furniture is located at 1951 West Copens Road, north-east corner of Copens and Poweland Road behind Windies. KB is open Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. Sunday, 12 noon to 5 p.m. Call 960-0714 for more information. That's 960-0714. Mastercard Visa or in and out of state checks accepted. No reasonable offer refused. KB furniture must raise cash. KB furniture in 1951 Copens Road in Pompeto Beach. With KB furniture, many people want to button up their attic by closing all the vents. We're not telling them not to, they think I'm crazy. What you don't think about is that if your attic is closed, it's going to trap humanity. As the surfaces in the attic get colder than the air, condensation occurs, and these surfaces start to sweat. That moisture can cause rotting among the wood parts of the house. It can also cause fungus to start to grow. Mental parts can start to rust. If the moisture drips down on the insulation, the air value is greatly diminished. Enough moisture can drip to soak through the sheet rock of the ceilings of your house below. So you see you need ventilation in the winter. Just as much as you do in the summer. And don't think about closing just part of the vents. You need a certain amount of vents that allow fresh air to come in and other parts of the system to exhale the moist air. Remember, paint, roofing insulation, see thing wood and metal can be affected by your ventilation. Or lack of it. I'm out here all the super handy bayon. Al Carroll wants to closing up attic vents for the winter. You have head football coach Jimmy Johnson. Everyone of you know this better than anybody in the world. You know something that people will never ever feel. They'll never ever come close to it. You know what it means to really love a team. Jimmy Johnson part of the Wild Sports Team Thursday nights at 7. Only on news talk radio 6 days WIOD. Depending on a 153 at WIOD, let's go to Fort Latterdale. Hello. Uncle Neo. Yeah. Hey Jimmy Johnson just got me really inspired. Okay, I'm glad for you. Hey, listen, this is like a part-time job trying to get a hold of you. What are you going to do? Run up the score over the weekend now? No, I didn't. I did joke Jimmy. Don't get all upset now. It's just a joke. I didn't know you would have popular over guy. By one. I started listening to you when you came to WIOD. I never heard you before. Come on now. I swear, the only time I heard of you was, uh, I used to listen to Steve at 2 o'clock. Yeah, he talked about me in a session. He was like, just a rip you. Yeah. And it's a good thing I didn't take everything. He said seriously. That's correct. You're, uh, you're, uh, bird got a pretty good show there. Yeah, not great, but it's pretty good. Pretty good. Um, I called Steve once and I got through in two minutes. That's what kind of threw me off. Wait, so long. What does that mean? No, I'm just saying that. How long did you take it? Take it to get through an issue. Probably about 45 minutes. All right, let's hear it. Yeah, the phones have been great this, uh, today. I don't know what's going on. Listen, I think you and bird have a really great show. Great. I was pretty good. It was pretty good. Yeah. Okay, excellent. Keep up the good work. Okay. And, um, that's song you. I'm not making a request. No. Even normal first time call. That's correct. And especially since we are out of time. I know you're at, but I just want to say that song about the, Elvis's daughter, Lisa Marie, we really played it. Yeah, we really played it. Yeah, we'll play it again tomorrow. I listen. You guys have a nice Thanksgiving. You too. Take care. Bye, bye. Wow. Well, tomorrow is Thanksgiving. So we're going to play everything tomorrow. We're going to play everything we can get our hands up. I'm serious. Why not? Well, we'll see what we'd like to do that stuff on a whole of these. And then you can get your cassette record as going. If you got an IQ over tune, you don't have to keep calling in and bugging us. And I can record all of stuff you want. You can listen to it in your car or in your house or in the genre, wherever you want to. Okay. Get out of our lives and off of our backs. It's 155. What are you looking at me like that for? What kind of a look was that? Just a little joke. Boy, he's getting real. Well, he's touching after that episode. He's doing a little, he's been a fine up till now. But he's a little good touchy today. After yesterday's little comfort Thompson, five o'clock hour, but we'll get all the explanation about that in the upcoming Steve Canes here. Won't we? Or I'm sure so. Yeah. I mean, I really did. I had two or three calls at home. Like, frantic. Bye, bye, bye. You hear what happened? I said, just go get a life. Believe me. Okay. Sunrise hung up, huh? Boy, thank God. Oh, no, they're on eight. Hello. Uh-huh. Hello, Neil. Uh-huh. Hey, Neil. Yeah, what do you want? Thanks, God.