Okay kids Uncle Mills and WIOD now so we're gonna do this one again. Are you ready kids? Joey? Oh, what's going on? Sandy? Love all faggot. And Alice. Alice? Where is he, man? Is he in the closet again? And her name is Ponderance. Hey Alice. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, yeah, I did some fun! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Alice, you didn't do your pump-up? Alice, Alice, you're here! But you have to, it's part of the song. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Now, Alice, I want to concert it effort to bump up up in this song, or I won't give you those pictures asked for last week. All right, all right, from the top. Oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Alice, you are so cool! Hey, yeah, I got a-a-a-a-a-a-a! So, oh, I'm not a-a-a-a-a-a! I'm a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Ooh! Aunt Teresa. Getting serious? Oldplant Lillyott. Okay, yes. Out oflife. Casey. I know he's something I don't think. Now that's the four listeners I want to thank them. Also want to thank some other people. I don't even have the names because I didn't have time last night to write down the names of all the people who sent some of the stuff in. But we actually have some new things. There's nothing like trying new things. Anyway, do you see the barbaric behavior of the people in sunrise last night? You know this commissioner, Steve did a whole lot of things. Who got caught with his and whatever around. And I don't want to go into a whole thing about that. There was Steve had one listener yesterday and then I turned it off because I got so apoplectic, you know, who said Steve said he thought prostitution ought to be legal, which I agree with of course. And the guy said, well, why is that? You know, in Europe, prostitution but legal for very, very long time and almost all Western Europe and they bring it inside and give these people off the streets and they clean it up and they protect the health of the public. But anyway, I don't want to get into that part of it. But, you know, the commissioner resigned. And if you could have seen the behavior of these barbarians in sunrise last night, man, animals. It was living proof of what I talk about on a show every day. They are the most, I'm not saying everybody. Only maybe about 80 percent of the people in sunrise are barbaric and their animals and they're disgusting and they have no compassion, no nothing, man. They're just out for blood. And they get what they deserve. They've had nothing but corruption and the grotesque stuff and government up there for as long as I've been down here. And they deserve it because there are a bunch of subhuman douche bags in sunrise. Okay, they make me sick. All you got to do is cross sunrise Boulevard and then when it's, you know, you're leaving plantation and you're crossing it in a sunrise. It's like you're going into a different world. And all of a sudden the traffic slows down about 10 miles an hour and there's this humongous traffic jam as you get toward Oakland, man. You think the world is coming to an end. A bunch of barbaric douche bags, I'll say it again in sunrise. Anyway, anyway, I hope you have a good time doing the show today. I have to leave. I got to be a colder today. I got a hot tip. So we think it's dead. Well, I don't really care. I'll just take him in any way, but we're going to do a break at 20, 20. Okay. This is so we know. I mean, I just like to have a ballpark and remind me, starting next week, I'm going to start making my own copies at the log. I know that it's going to get some people upset, but I like to have, you know, it's like when you head out on the highway and you have no idea where you're going. It's sometimes a good idea to have a road map. You know, I mean, once in a while, you just play pot lucky and you figure, well, wherever I wind up, it's going to be better than where I came from, you know. But I like to have a little road map, so I know what's going on. Well, I like those copies because you can write things on them. Like you can't do on the real log. So anyway, the bottom line is that, you know, the tapes are going to start going out in the next couple of days. Assuming Fat Rich shows up today because we've got boxes and boxes of stuff. It's a good thing he drives a big car. He drives that gigantic battleship. Yes, he does. I bet you he wants to part of time lived in Sunrise because in order to live in Sunrise, you have to drive a battleship. Anyway, let's give those numbers out. We've got a lot of new stuff to play here two days ago. A lot. Like that one that we just played, which was pretty close. Cute. I like it. Casey. I want to think Spencer for Christmas present. Oh, yes, Spencer is here by the way for anybody in a building who might be listening. Spencer is out there washing frantically and for 10 bucks he will do a job in your car and make it look brand new. Yes. So please, and we find Spencer brought me some fantastic cigars and gave me a little present. I think. Are these human cigars? Are they? That'll get some of the anti-biling will raise you. These are human cigar. You like them. These are Jamaicans cigars. But anyway, they're really good. They're mild and they're legit. They're not Dutch masters, you know, but white-al, but they're pretty good. Anyway, 751 Wiod in date, five, two, four Wiod in Broward. And of course, those Palm Beach lines. Look at that. The Elineate is ringing already. Now, it's got to be, you know, what's probably a crank? Yeah. Two seven eight Wiod in Volca and six five five nine four six three in Palm Beach. These screens are all screwed up really. Which I have no idea how this happens. You know, how I've always said that before how when you leave on a given day. Yeah. And then you come back the next day. And you wonder just exactly what it is that happened between the time you left and the time you came back. Like people are playing radio in here at night or something. Well, they are. Are they? They are. Well, I don't know if they play radio, but they're because I was the first time I was ever in here at night last night. And yeah, they're some interesting people in here. And they come and they watch the TV and they probably go through the rack and do a few little things and, you know, and Tim of course is having an nervous breakdown in the nearer. And I don't blame him. This is a very serious problem. Well, okay. In fact, that we just may leave if we don't get it straight down the next 30 seconds. But, oh, listen to that. I like those sound effects. Hey, listen, I might wake some of these bastards up. Okay. Anyway, Tim is crawling under the table now, ladies and gentlemen. Probably find some extra posture from yesterday from for us in there. This is great. That's what happened. Something come on glued. Just me. Anyway, while we're letting you in a little on the inside, that's what the shows don't do. Most people would just sit here and pretend that nothing was going on. But we like to let everybody know that little consternation because misery loves company is not the Florida slogan. Okay. Should we take a call here? Rogers says, do whatever to how you want. Just leave me alone. Okay. I'm going to get out of here in a few minutes and I don't want to be out of the pile. These technical screwups. Okay. They'd count. He, hello. I know. Yes, sir. I'm believable on the first call. Yes, you are. Only by the only reason you're the first call is because the screens aren't working. So, so they'll let it go to your head. I'm doing it the real stuff. You know, like one, two, three stuff like that. Well, this is a voice from the past. Really? This is Adam, the former intern at I am Z. I'll be damned. I spoke to Glenn a few weeks ago when he did the show by himself. I remember. Yeah. I told him, I told you I was going to Israel. I still am and I'd like Neil's permission to call collect from Israel. This is long as you don't put fruit cake on a line. Okay. Yeah. Someone mentioned that he was out there. He's there. Yeah. Well, I don't think I'll be bumping into them. You never know. So, the state. Yeah. So, I'm just a sure. So, what's doing? What's going on? You got your own show again on A.M. That's great. What do you mean? I got my own show on A. I don't understand. What does that mean? If I ever been doing somebody else's show? I meant on the A.M. Okay. Now, but it's just interestingly praising. praising. I'm glad. Yeah. I got my own show. Well, I didn't want to let it out, but I'm going to be Greg's new sidekick. I didn't want to because noodles is evidently going to disappear. Apparently. That's the word. Wow. But now that you kind of let the cat out of the bag or out of the closet or something. So, anyway, you had any corporate secrets there? No. I stumbled on some information that I don't know if it's information, but it's fairly. I thought it was quite interesting. I was viewing Cocoon too. You know, the movie with all the geriatric. Yeah. I don't knock down a meteor. I like Donna Meach. Yeah. Donna Meach was the best part, but there's the same with Jack Gilford and all their actress. I don't remember her name. And St. Petersburg nightclub. Oh, yeah. Mary Pickford, huh? Yeah. And there's a band playing. And I swear to God, they're playing an instrumental version of Brats in my room. Really? So, I think we know we're Joe. Okay. Well, yeah, he's old enough to qualify for that movie. There's no question about it. I think in fact, I think he's the guy that they pulled out of the cone, isn't he? Whatever you say Adam. Well, listen, this has been oscillating to say the least. I can't help but talk about movies. I remember what happened the last time we spoke. What was that? I tried to do my Oscar predictions on the air. Oh, yeah. But that was too contrived, yeah. Very contrived. But I'm learning. Oh, I know who this is now. I was thinking you were somebody else. Yeah. Then this was the two in the thinking now. Oh, I know who this is. No, I thought we had another Adam there who was different. The refame is cranked colors that turned out. Oh, well. And I kept thinking all along. I haven't really been listening to a word you've been saying. I was with hostile all the way. Now I realize who this is. You're okay. You're good. Yeah. It's not the same. Oh, this is one of those two ugly guys that came in that day. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that. Very clear. Yeah, they're one. Well, actually there were three. You got some guy from FIU to come Oh, yeah, but that guy was on for about two seconds. Do you remember that? Wasn't that that little kid? One. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a little kid who was going to do the show. Remember? And he sat down and I said, okay. He was about 21. He was little. That all depends on what you're talking about Adam. Well, listen, have a wonderful day. It's good hearing from you. And I'm sorry that I thought you were crank. Well, uh, I look for all we know you might be. Okay. Have a great life. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye. Bye. Boy, he's a good guy, but he is so terminal man. You know, he is so boring. Pondrous, but a good guy really isn't ugly. It's a 19-packed L.O.D. Get my regards to the Neil Rogers telling me that I've never heard of smudder your program in my life. It's 1023 a W.O.D. We got something that I want to play now because that call from Adam got me kind of. He's a good guy to want to get him defensive or feeling bad right before the holiday. But he is so boring. Is any? Oh, a little. Come on, be honest. He's terminal. Homeotace. A great guy, ugly. But comatose. Okay, and I listen, I want you to, you're going to just freak out. Hey. When you hear this and I should have saved a slip of paper, but I didn't. It's somewhere at home, I guess. With the guys who did this because this is, you're going to just go nuts. Great. When you hear this. Fortunately, I'm going to fortune cookie Vanillite. This is out of the new empire. Vanillite discovered that hell has no fury like a woman waiting to use the gun. At an LA at the LA sports arena for an Anita Baker concert, Vanillite beeline to the ladies room at intermission and tried to sail by a line of about 15 gals anxiously hopping from one foot to the other. No way, Vanillite, you're the lady at the front. You've got to wait like everyone else. They all started shouting stuff like the end of the line is back here, Vanillite. And what you're turning like the rest of us, or ignoring the women, Danna, ask a security guard if there was a, get this VIP restroom. Nope. Is that the guard? VIP? Nope, said the guard. So red face Vanillite had to slate to the back of the line while the other women's stared baggers. That's out of the new empire. That's the December 27th. Is she? There are a lot of publicers out there. There are a lot of publicers out there. Two bags, two bags, two bags. Dude, this has got it all. It sure does. Two, two, two bags. Kate Bale for Robin Given, Zavalanching at the head of the class set. Actually, he had a mind-boggling peak of 16,000 hate letters a week. And ABC is sweating bullets because Vanillite fans write, and I don't get that man. I know that they're writing that if Robin isn't fired, they will stop watching, have it to class. The producer only moves so far, it's been the trim, Robin's parts, so virally. It's good I have to say they tuned for that. You don't want all the other friends? Okay, that's enough for that. Is that incredible? Beauty. He got so inspired. He just grabbed the inquire and started reading. And maybe that was here. I believe it. That was David here. So I want to thank these guys whoever was it put that thing together. Then there's even a longer one. See, this one's not even really intended for a newsbed. This is intended for a newsbed. Well, I know, but I just hear those, sorry, and you just go not exactly. Okay, 1026 and WIO Day, we have an open line in Broward, which is really peculiar. 524 9463. We don't put up with that crap on a show. And also the Boca line is open. Thank God, a 278 WIO Day. Did you see that? Rebecca Paul's going to be here next week? Oh, yeah, I forgot to tell you that. Hopefully she's going to bring us some of the lottery money. I spread it around a little bit. That's going to be a lot better. I guess he's going to look great. Yeah. Well, here I do. She's made over several times. I can't wait. We did my amy already. Hello. Yeah, let's say, I like I said that line. Bring it in. My amy, hello. Hello. Yeah. The golf game on the tape for Camille. No, sure. No, I would not do that to Broward Paul. Oh, no. No. Well, would you play the golf game for me now? No. Okay. Two open lines in day, not 751 WIO Day. We are absolutely taking no request today. Okay. Absolutely positively beyond the shadow of a doubt. Not taking a requirement. Did you get the screen working for that last last two? Yeah, unfortunately. Yeah, we're better off. Although it would have turned out the same way any way. Yeah. Okay. And at line eight, in Palm Beach is open too. Let's get the show on a road here. Okay. Let's get a lot of women here on the phone today. I'm getting sick and tired. It's getting really ponderous of begging for women callers. There's a strange thing on this station, man. You don't think too much sports, do you? I think they're all making the wrong picture. That could be a nice actor. Yeah. Just a little bit. What do you want, Roger? No, it works. It works. It works great. Everything is fine. Well, he didn't bother to tell you. That's a little detail. You know. You don't expect them to tell you, do you? No, it's working. It's working just fine. This one over here is um, did I think I think we're going to say shivie for the other one little while the screen. Hmm. Yeah, there's some interesting stuff that goes on here at night. I think. Really? Not bad. Maybe I have a feeling. Whole other world. That is the right one. Oh, but yeah. And you know, this TV gets a lot of use. And they got games going on all the different screens. They're having a lot of fun in here at night, which is nice. Um, let's see. That, no, see. He took everything off the board. I don't understand why he did that. What happened? Now, this is exciting. Like this is getting ponderous. You know, and I didn't expect when I came in this morning quite so much excitement. So close to the holidays. And then we got sales people running in and out of here like chickens and heat. Ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma. You know, just to go and nuts and to go here and do this. And just everybody relax. Okay. Now see all these other people. They get all these long, long holidays and all the sexier time off. We're going to be here on Monday. We're going to be the following Monday that after New Year. So we don't get any of that stuff off. So why don't they just at least take a chill, you know, just relax a little bit. And then after New Year's then we can all go back to work. But in the meantime, let us just fake our way through and cut out the craft. Now, why it's us here that traffic patrols going to be on working Monday also. They're going to be doing traffic on Monday. I can't. And by the way, pizza loft is going to be open New Year's Eve and Christmas Day and New Year's Day. They're open all the holidays. Tom Dennerberg, I shouldn't mention his name. Water me to be sure to mention that. I'm sure they have a spot coming up later. But I'll just mention that now in passing so that Tom Dennerberg doesn't get the little, well, you know, Tom gets a little hypres, a great guy. But just a little bit hypres, you know what I'm saying? Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. He gets a little excited. If he just would come down a little, take a couple of doggy downers, everything's going to be just fine. You know what I'm saying? Well, salespeople take this so seriously. Yeah. Like it's life or death. Now, who are we talking about? Oh, it's Tom Dennerberg. How much am I name on a year? Don't talk about me any, oh, bad, bad, bad, yeah, it gets hysterical. We're trying to build a fan club for time. We want to build a gigantic following out there because he's a great guy and a tremendous salesperson. But he's a little over-involved. You know what I mean? Over-involved. North Miami Beach, Yes, I'd like to say hello Neil. And I appreciate your show so much. And I have been wanting for a long time to meet your mother and to have a lunching or dinner with her with a suit, but I haven't been able. I've been sick for a long time. Yeah, that's obvious. What this call is about? Yeah, what is this call about? It's about going. I love a fort-laterdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Now, see, she may have been going to say, I think she was going to take a shot. Yeah. She was going to say, I love Glenn, but I love another one of the two old. I don't want to talk to those old people, Roger. I was your show, but. Hello. Yeah. What's this with the Miami Harold? What about it? They got a thing in there about 20 fox making a song. And isn't he's not even with him no more? Do you see that? Where is it? Well, we're looking for the hero. We have every other paper except the hero. Oh, there's the hero. Okay. And the you're living today? Yeah, down here. It says they made a song. It sounds like he's still with him and everybody's not still with him. I talked to Sony yesterday and he is not still with him. Okay. Trust me. So did I get where where is this? It's in a left hand. It's in a right hand column, but on left side there. Down on each tree. Our thing underneath GTR's thing. How about a page number? Hey, um, the might help. Three. E. Oh, well, I'm in a wrong section. I guess three. That would help. Three. E. Oh, E is that one that they radio pages always are. They have the car ads and stuff like it's Wednesday. Oh, there's Alan Burke. The Dean. What's he doing? All right. Dees. They're really on top of things at the hero. That's only about two weeks old. That's story. Yeah. Yeah. Why 100 morning personality, Sony Fox and athletes put a recorded a Christmas song that's supposed to be Broward Sheriff Nick N'Varo singing a message to criminals to the tune of winner Wonderland. Sony's not even there anymore. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Well, Lord is Ascivato. I'm sure she's a lovely lady and I've spoken to her a couple of times, but she is so far behind the time that it's incredible. That's the point I'm trying to find out. But here's this little kid up here. Johnny Miller who looks like Jeremy Miller looks like Sean Cassidy on a bad day. Yeah. I was in one of you saw that. Who the hell is that kid? Listen, did you guys know that the Colonel does, um, Potton on Deliodee? Journey, uh, dolphin game? Oh yeah. I'm sure he does agency spots. Oh, I think. What you always got to do some spots somewhere, you know? You don't have many over on that show. That's true. I listen. I just want to bring that to your time. Thanks for the tip off anytime the Harold screws up. Man, we want to be the first to know about the exact right. Have a good one. No, I'm not. Okay. Well, there was a guy who at least made a little bit of sense, not a whole lot, but a little bit, right? Boy, what a gorgeous Ascivato man. The hero is so far behind isn't it going to be great when Jickah starts with the sunset. Yeah. Uh, next week, I think, or the week after he starts. In fact, he's going to be on the show for a good chance right out. January 4th Wednesday, the fourth time. It's going to be our first guest in Wild. And then the following week, the rumor has it that Bill Cosford, just a rumor. Yeah. As of the moment, it's still a room. Don't go to the bank on a ghosty rainman, whatever you do. It's fantastic. You think some of the women who saw rainman will call in today and share their use. How do you have to say? Was I right? Great movie. Even Roger, like, and Roger is very demanding. Well, I do my daughter friend, last movie that he liked was gone with a win. Jay Michaels and John McClackland have worked almost a year on a Christmas special, which is going to air Christmas even throughout Christmas day on what on a hand. The radio, they were a year on a radio show on this special. Oh, I love that thing, man. I'm telling it. In the next time I played, you got to just restrain yourself because you have to listen to all the nuances there in the background. Even Casey is in there a little bit. Great. I understand. Sand some wild things like a fondorous. Okay, it's 1034. Gail Bright has another Wild news update. We're going to come right back and get to these exciting calls after this. Discovered on the radio page has a more accurate story that Sunny is not on the air at all as opposed to the hero, which is still a year and a half behind. What do you want Spencer? Very good. That's just got that cute little hammer. Thank you very much Spencer. Already spoken. He's great stogies. They're great. They're tremendous. They're mild and they're wonderful. You like it? Or just deal them. All right. Another great. Yeah, seen it in an eye. Thank you very much Spencer. You won't be here next week. But the next week, that we bet. Yeah, really. Yeah, it was like that call. We got a few weeks ago from the guy who when he found out I wasn't in sports. He was just like so. You're not in a sport. He was so amazed. Like he had never met anyone in his entire life who wasn't a game fanatic. And he said to me, what do you do? You know, what in the world are you doing? There's Mr. Sports do sports again this hour? Or do we? No, look at that. What are they doing? What are they doing? They don't care. Yeah, they don't care. I just as long as something's going on. The phones keep flashing. They've been flashing all morning except that first they're going to bulk a line, which only calls when we get hostile. Well, if you wanted to do sport, right? They were late only to hostility. Run the whip again, yeah. That'll make it all. Okay, okay, okay, take this. There it goes. This is light now. Watching the line. Not enough yet. Please, sir man, have another. There it is. Please, what? I already let him know. Spencer is here. He wants to wash your car. He wants your money. Forget about the car. Just give me your money. Okay. Thank you, Spencer. Get out of here. Wanting to be for a levity, Wiod, D. Tamarack. Hello. Hey, holiday wish for you and the bird. May the muckluck stew and spink through bures through the holiday season. That was cute. Well, you guys are cute. Yeah. So what's the real purpose of your call, sir? Um, just to take some time off of work. What does that mean? I don't know. Okay, well, listen, while you're thinking about it, um, have a great holiday. Okay. Open line in Broward now. Five, two, four. Wiod, D, and we'll go, I have a feeling it's going to be like this all day and go to get worse as Christmas approaches. Okay. Could be. We might just play the rack. What are we going to do? I put some of these people on the rack. What are we going to do next Monday? Yeah. That's an excellent question. I was really thinking seriously about staying home. Myself. Mm-hmm. Whatever you want to do. Okay. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. You know Steve Thompson is going to quickly. Larry. Yeah. This is his son. How's it, son? Yeah. Oh, how are you doing? Pretty good. Interesting. The way you said that kind of like, um, I don't know. I'm not really sure I understand, but how are you doing? Good. I have called you a couple of times. You know, in the past. Did I hang up on you? What? Did I hang up on you? No, you actually talked to me. Wow, incredible. Why you must be a great caller. Yeah. I'm from Bocahai. You know. Well, that explains a lot of things. Yeah. What's your first name? James. James Thompson. You had to think about it there for just a second. Well, I understand it's a pressure life. I understand it. Especially when you go to Bocahai. You know, don't ask them how old these are. Okay. Okay. All right. How are you spending your Christmas this year? How am I spending it? Yeah. I'm staying right at home and I'm going to spend it very quietly. I'm going to go in my pool. It's going to be beautiful. It's going to be the 80s all through the weekend. I'm going to get the heat on my pool. Get it warm and I'm going to mind my own business. Great. Isn't that great? Yeah. It does. I'll be going to my dad's house. Well, that's good. Much. Huh? I'm not doing that much. Yeah. All right. Well, I just call him, you know, just to say hi. Yeah. Well, that's pretty good. I hope you have a great holiday Jim. I hope you do too. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Bye. Bye. Let's see what you mean now. It's 1040, 20 before 11 at WIOD. We have those Palm Beach lines open. Where are they women this morning? Where are these thinking women? No, I don't want you to look. Let's not. Don't do that. This is not the Steve Canch. We don't do contrived. You know, whatever pops up here is fine with us. Steve has open phones again today, by the way, which is great. Must be the holidays. And it was Councilman Stern that I was thinking of, I keep forgetting his name for some reason. In sunrise. Yeah. And again, I'm not going to rehash the whole thing. Steve did a good job on yesterday, but the bottom line is the behavior of those people last night. Like a bunch of barbarians like, like just, you know, how to kill. Yeah. Hostel and hateful and nasty and rotten to the core. That sunrise. And then I love the way the mirror. What is his name Larry Hoffman? I love the way he says, well, you know, it reflects badly on some, gives us a bad image. Hey, Larry, you already got a rotten image in sunrise. Okay? Who the hell in their right mind wants to go into that town? And they say he's real happy about it. All sure he is because they hate each other. Political enemies. So naturally, he's just, you know, quietly foaming at the mouth. Well, why does that happen to no other town down here? Only sunrise? Well, I wouldn't say it happens to know what it is. But not to the extent. Well, sunrise is a good one because of the nature of the people who live there. It's the Ying and the Ying. You know what I mean? What comes around goes around. My amy, hello. Hi, Neil. Stephen, how is it that you guys can sound so relaxed? And the guy taking the calls is like an panic. Because he's heard you want to answer the question. Because he just finished doing a reenerious show. That explains. Listen, I got a couple things for you. Last night on Larry King's open phone. Yes. His first call was a guy who was talking about him being on Bob Costa. The other day said you were interviewed, right? And then he plays this tape and he says, what Larry King knows about broadcasting, you could put in a symbol and leave a button and leave a button. Oh, yeah, that's what I said. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. I'm falling asleep here. And I said, wait a minute. I know that voice that's Neil. So what did Larry say? I'm curious. I'm not one of what he said. Oh, poor Larry. Sure. Sure. You know, Larry also did a really nasty thing. You know, they were talking about Don Shula. And Larry is talking about, um, he took some, I don't know, I said some pretty nasty things. And then Costa said, what a nicer guy you'll never find. And there was a long part. And Larry said, yeah, nicer guy. I'll never find a great guy. And then Larry started in with these things about well, there's rumors that there are a lot more drug problems on the team than just duper. Okay. Now, you know, the last thing after this season and everything that's gone wrong for him to say that on a syndicated national radio show, so unnecessary. You know what I'm saying? I mean, that would be like my sitting here and saying, well, there are rumors that Delarry King is writing bad checks again. Is rumors? Yeah, if you make them up there, rumors sure. But what kind of a thing was that to say, totally unnecessary? Well, you know, I got to give him a little bit of credit. He seems like he's melds, it's a little tiny, tiny bit since he's had his heart surgery. Since they put that pacemaker, and they shut it off every half hour just to get your energy. Keep them low key, huh? Yeah. I'm not a big, Larry King fan. Even though we of course are delighted to have him as part of the WIOD family, but there's a guy who's been very, very lucky. Okay. He's kissed a lot of but and he's, you know, kissed the right butts and all of that stuff. And he's making a fortune. You know, we don't be grudge. You might not be grudge anybody making a living. But he's he put himself on his pedestal, and he just thinks that he's God. And he's never asked a tough question in his life, which is why all these guests just love coming back. At the beginning of every interview, he does on seeing it. My good friend, Jerry Fawwell, my good friend, he'd all fall here in my good friend. So no matter who it is, immediately you know he's not going to ask the real tough questions because he's a butlicker, okay? Or like Tom Snyder right before. Exactly. All right, listen, I got a couple more things. But we're delighted to have them as part of the WIOD family. The guy that Dean is a friend of WIOD. The guy that does, even though we wish you'll keep his decrepit old act in Philadelphia. The guy that does the voiceovers for IOD. He's like the Scott. God. Yeah, exactly. He's, you know, I mean, when you guys run AM, it was J all over till you were puke and, and then now on IOD, you got this guy, but he's got a better voice, but he does everything. He's great. And he has heard him on on wins doing what's his name. Austin, Bart commercial. He does voiceovers. I work for specs and we got some Christmas tapes. He did the voiceovers there. Somebody said, hey, I think I heard that guy's voice that Epcot when we were up there. Probably. You know, could be the guy is an incredible he worked for IOD. Yeah, he hangs around with Disney. That's why he's at Epcot. And the last thing, Neil, the, you noticed that was just, okay. Yeah, he does actually work your sir. Okay. And he's on GTR and I hear him on channel. Oh, yeah, he's my question. Did he do the Jamaican Bodslet? Yeah. Okay. All right. Put that one to bed. The last thing is the, the bit you played, you mama, it was done by a couple of friends of mine. There it comes. Go ahead. And I think we should give credit where credit is due. Okay. I'm sorry that I left that slip home, but that's okay. I would have warned it. I would have warned it today and now turn it on. Yeah. It's by a guy who went interestingly enough, who was recently, what a prince is engineers in Minneapolis. And his name is Eddie Miller and was done by, and that the, the Neil Rogers part was, was dubbed by another guy to Eddie and another guy named Jim, who also works for specs. And, uh, and I want to make sure that if they're listening to Neil, just hammering. Now I want to thank him very much because it's a great, uh, and I'm very appreciative. All right. And the last thing is if they're listening, I just want to make sure they understand that they are douche bags and mongering. Okay. Have a great day. Hey, back to what? So, all right. Okay. Well, that's not too bad. There are two things in male, but one of them is like not all that full. So, it's not D. Oh, no, no, no, wait a minute. Oh, no, I'm ready. Here he had. Okay. It's 10.50. Well, we got all this male. I'm just drowning in male. Yeah. Well, by the way, fat rich is called City will be here on noon. And of course, we trust that means with lunch from Flores when we're including my salad. Please. For it's not pleased or else. We don't want to be pushy or runny. It's a great guy, but, um, you know, he made a commitment or did I make it for him? I think you made it for him. Well, that's too bad. Okay. It's all right. Okay. Here's, look at this. I've opened up three checks. I haven't gotten to the tapes yet. It's 200 bucks. $100 check in 250's for criminal sauce. This is great. This is, um, just beyond belief. My amy. Hello. I know. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. What's up? I like a board operator. He's relaxed. But doing the renewing. So, what, what have you like him? The guy doesn't even repeat things twice. Well, my question makes sure you hear it. He says everything twice because he's got a lot of people in his audience or how to hearing. He knows what, he's been in his town a long time. He knows where he is. Obviously. You bet. You'll could complain that. No, wait. Is that this isn't a request? Didn't I say very clearly that I was not doing request today? Didn't I say that as clearly and as articulately, it is, it is humanly possible to say. But doing for a nice two is four is no. It's a volume of new. No. What? What are you saying? He made a mad because you would play a street. He was mumbling. I couldn't understand. It was probably something really obscene. I have a lot of time. Now, what is this? With a tape? I've been following you from station to station since the days you first appeared on WKT. Thank you for the tape. There's no tape in it. Another one of the, one of the same. Thank you for the tape. There's no tape. Well, incredible. Some of you people may have placed stupid. You know, but I think the bottom line, although it's a $25 check. So, Annie and Holly would, we'll, we'll come up with a tape. I'm going to go on by a bunch of 90 minute. Because that's I shouldn't say that on the year, though. Because, look at this. Next check from Ed in Pompano Beach $200. And he doesn't even want a tape. Okay. Yeah. Good. Well, this is incredible. Two, three. I just stuck in it over the 1053 at WIOD. We'll go, oh, sunrise. Hello. Hello. I'm not going to say a word about the council because I like to care less. Okay. How about the people who lived there and behave like barbarians? Well, I don't see where that people behave like barbarians. That's a woman here for 10 years. Like animals like this, disgusting subhuman cultures who want everybody skin who just can't wait to make somebody miserable and hostile. I'd like to talk about what you said Friday if you don't mind. What is that? In fact, this call is sounded a little bit hostile already. About time, Carpenter. What about it? You are picking on a dead person when you pick on her. Yeah. And out of a disease. What do you mean I'm picking on her? Well, you were sitting there saying, you know, it's going to care and Carpenter die. No, I didn't say, let's go on a caring Carpenter die. I said that one of our people there looks like she's on a caring Carpenter die. I mean that she looks anorexic. I'd rather tell me to tune in and uh, and you don't like the show. So rather than just tuning it out, you got to call. You figures you're from sunrise. Okay. You're going to hang out there too long. How old are you? How old are you? How old are you? 29? How old are you? 29? I'm old enough to know better. Okay. I'm old enough to know that if I don't like something, I don't call a guy and tell him, well, how did the show I turn on something else, okay? Yeah. Yeah. When you, when you're laughing about what's so funny? What's so funny, pal? You used to be somebody that was on issues I heard. I don't do issues sir. Issues talking talking. Talking issues in this town is like, you're in a radio show in a cemetery, okay, sir? When you came out of the closet, you let your brain in it. Yeah. That's right. And you know something? I think you ought to go back into closet. Sun, was that call from sunrise? Sunrise, yeah. Yeah. Hang around there too long. Those old parts. 29 years old and he sounds like a 70 year old old fart. That's your problem, okay? And as soon as he started protesting, he's lived there for how many years and he did 10 years and he doesn't see any of that. What are you doing sir? Are you hiding in a closet with blinders on? I guess you got to be out of your mind not to see the way those people behave up there. I think he likes it. It's like, you know, once you cross the plantation sunrise line, it's like you've gone into a sun city or something. It's unbelievable. I think he's been on the care and carpenter brain diet. I think that's his problem. No sense of humor. Everything has got to be taken literally. Oh, I can just imagine him writing his letters in another 10 15 years, right? Bye bye bye bye bye. Why not to get out some prune juice and give yourself a good brain animus sir. Plantation. Hello. Hello. And Merry Christmas to him too, yeah. Yeah, Merry Christmas to you too. And happy to see you both. What do you want sir? I just want to comment how you think you're doing great. You know the bird. No, it's now. We're terrible. We pick on caring carpenter and dead people. We're disgusting. Oh, my hell. She did anyone. Yeah, that's right. So his Elvis is that when I'll Elvis mayor may not be dead, but they're doing a lot of stuff on him. I don't hear him complaining about Elvis. No. I think he's probably in a closet with caring carpenter's picture. Probably got a caring carpenter blow up doll. Doesn't take a lot of air to fill it up. What's about three pounds? What's that? I know. But I'm just getting to a zero people and sunrise man. Those of us who live in plantation. We want sunrise off the map, okay? We want them all to move at least at Samarack and maybe up to Carl Springs. Oh, God. Carl Springs is pretty repressive. That's where these people would be happy. I just want to talk to you, send them away from plantation or a call yesterday. That is true. Well, the people in plantation are a little more mellow. They got other things to do. You know, listen, but they have other things to do. They're really mil. People in sunrise, they haven't got a damn thing to do, but be miserable and try to share it with everybody else like that last douchebag. I don't want to get hung up on him, but what an idiot. It's true. Thank God his brother released his got some taste, okay? Brother's 106. Bird, I think you're great too, but thank you sir. Well, listen, have a wonderful holiday, sir. We needed little morals for your balance to the balance to the uh huh? We appreciate it. I love my intention. So the one, it's a great honor to consider vacation to you too. Okay, let me say. We have an open line in the other matter. It doesn't make any difference after that one idiot from sunrise. Creeping death. That's what sunrise like sunrise lakes phase two. Somebody ought to put something in their metamuse, although they're in sunrise. That's what they ought to do. Make them do a little Mexican tap dance on the middle of university driving me. Like item to go a little bit faster. It might motivate them to put their foot on a goddamn gas and go somewhere. Instead of sitting there in their battleships in the middle of the road, going 10 miles an hour acting like they're all in a way to Burger King. We should fix them up with that 40 year old lady from Fort Laterno, you know, the one who once all the young people as soon as in Martin Jr. Yeah, they would be a great couple. Oh, got another call from sunrise. Yeah, yeah, I do a lot of things easy for you to say. Listen, you don't know that last guy, do you? I know I don't. I'm been here only for about two years. Well, get the hell out of there before it's too late. You wind up just like him, sir. That's what I'm planning to try to get out of here. Good. People here pretty are pretty nasty rotten fire, vulgar disgusting subhuman. That's right and painful. Everything's true. You say about the way they drive. We don't have we don't have any adultery here and some are of course not because they're most of the people living sunrise can't even do it, okay? Yeah, I also like to try to talk about Patty's place. They, you know, have a little wiggle is about all they ever got in the last 20 years. Yeah, that's true. I was my friend. The only thing they were wiggling was their animal bag. I don't want to get I don't want to get emotional on this. Okay, because I know it's almost Christmas. Yeah, I like the weather down here and I like the city but the people who live here. That's right. You said you hit it. You are perfect. Absolutely right on target. The weather is great. The climate is great. The natural beauty is great. It's the people that suck. You're absolutely right. That's right. Oh, let me ask you how old are you? 20 years old. I beg you. I plead with you. Get out of sunrise before it's too late. Okay. There's still time. I'm telling you, it's still time for you. You sound like you still haven't together. Get out of that. That's the second time before they make you into one of them. I don't think I don't understand why I should get out. Maybe they should get out. They're okay. That's even better. That's even better. I'll move to sunrise and we'll get them all out. That's right. That's not good. Okay. Well, listen, have a great Christmas. I'll tell you. Okay. Bye. Oh, my God. What is that? It's turning. I'm ready to blow my brains out. I thought we were going to have a nice. It's almost Christmas day. You're so nice. I know. These people I couldn't give a damn rest. We had an open life in Broward. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. Let's put that one guy on the Karen Carpenter die. Okay. Because he made me want to stick my finger. Wait down my throat. Five, two, four, Wiod and Broward. Gilbert has the 11 o'clock news and we'll come back to fascinating. Okay. Enough with the mail. Um, to level it over five at Wiod. They want to thank Cassus city Sue for her $25 check for Camila sounds. Oh, haven't heard from her in a while. I don't know what I think. Craig Worthing for the note and a cute cartoon. That Craig Christmasy, right? Isn't that cute? And that's about where we are. Okay. It's 11 05 and we're going to go back to the phones. We got our first call from Pittsburgh. Hello. How you doing? Pittsburgh. Actually, I'm in the green. Which is the west of Pittsburgh. Greensburg. That's where the mountain view winners. Oh, yes. The fact is, is. Are you really there? Are you just pulling my leg? Yeah. I swear. In fact, I got come home early and now we've got some what I spent to not hold. That will be able to force stay up here. Well, whatever you do, don't go to the meadows, man. I'm sorry the better it is. Probably. But in Washington, P.A., it's probably not open this time of the year. Anyway, I'm sure it's not. Well, yeah, we go in here. Well, first time here was real cold. Now it's like in the 50s. It's getting real cold again. Of course, me and my wife were both really sick now. But we got you right after the football game at the Pittsburgh. Well, you got there after the game. Right. Well, that's good because at post-bond, you're sickness a little while I guess. I mean, there may be four to game. It would really be sick. Well, the local media really criticized Miami fans because of all these trade rumors about Marino, how they're all criticized in Marino after 44 out of 100 yards for four of it. And the steelers stay there. They're sold out even sold out for every, no, they had a lot of years. And they're thinking how to help him. You've complained about a damn Marino. How can the fans not be supporting, especially when things are going down with people in the paper that we weren't happy to have them up here. But that's true. It's really ragged out a minute if it's involved 100%. Yeah. So many cases and how they can't sell out even in the brand new stadium and all of that stuff. But you know, it's time for being sick and not being able to listen. You guys are another seven days. It's really painful. Anyway, but I was good to not hold this in the sunrise people. Kind of maybe feel like I'm home again. Yeah. Yeah. I feel right at home, don't you? Listen to those miserable nasty rotten disgusting subhuman. Well, there was really only one. Right before I left Boca, there's a new Albert's into the Boca. It just opened up. They had these hot dogs. We get a hot dog for a quarter. Hot dog or a coke for a quarter. It's a big time out there. And it's only maybe a mile from the Century Village of Boca so they loaded up buses and came out to get their quarter hot dogs. No, but you should have seen they were complaining bitterly. This one guy was complaining because he thought it was quarter for Boca hot dog and the cuckoo. And another one was mad because they weren't kosher. Yeah. You got it. Oh, wait. What? Right to a scene? One last hour story before I left, we went up to the Atlanta Christmas tree before we left and there the old people were complaining because there are two of these little kids underfoot made it difficult to walk around. Yeah. Yeah. As if why what was the old people had to be like the Christmas tree for the getaway? That reminds me that old fart from New England who called to tell me that all the racetracks up there closed up because of the miners because they let kids in a track and they used to spill their hamburger's all over the old people. I think for free, they don't charge anything at the Christmas tree. So I think for free, you see the buses line in that. Yeah. Well, listen, maybe we could get them free transportation out of town. Let's keep going. We did get them to bite on that one man. I'd chip in. Believe, maybe that'll be our next collection drive. I want to go to the quarter hot dog to just keep on heading north. There you go. All right. I was good talk to you. Okay, listen, have a safe when you come and back. Hello back to the 20th or 29th of that show yet. Well, just enjoy why you can't. Maybe cold, but there might be a few living and breeding folks up there. Those people up here are pretty normal. It's amazing. Yeah. Okay. Take care. Okay, bye. Cough from Pittsburgh. Stick a pit in a map there yesterday. We had a call from Georgia. For the male here is just incredible today. I haven't even gotten to the tapes yet. I don't know. Got all these checks. How do you like that? How do you like them apples? Okay, we got two open lines. And of course, they're the Palm Beach lines. Boca 278 WIOD and a pot. Why do we even buy? You know, Palm Beach 655 WIOD. Why even waste my time? Now you understand when they call from up there, they're calling from a different area code. You know, I don't know if that's a factor or anything. Don't you understand? They don't have to dial one. It doesn't cost them any. I understand. These lines are in their area code. Yeah, I know. But they are in another area code. It's no, they're in another zone. That's what I don't say. Am I in? Hello. Hello. Yeah. Is this new? Yes. Yes. Is it open show? Is it what? No, we're discussing brain surgery today, sir. Oh, I want to write to know why you saw on kind of old people. Yeah. Why are you so unkind to me, sir? Because you're a subhuman retard. Some human douchebag, you mean? No, you're a subhuman beauty guy. Okay. You have it a good time today? I want much rather listen to Sandy Patender. Well, let me ask you a question. Okay. Yeah. You think you could answer? You can handle, sir? Yeah. Since Sandy is on right now, why aren't you listening to her show? Because I just had the call and tell you. No, not wait a minute. You couldn't possibly have been hearing what a subhuman Creaton I am if you were listening to Sandy's show. Why aren't you listening to her show? Why should I listen to that I show? You just got through saying you'd rather listen to her any day. Didn't you just say that or am I hallucinating? You're hallucinating. You're a weak cock. Okay. 10 minutes after 11 a wio d. Merry Christmas everybody. Hey, listen, I couldn't give it to him. I said, I'm opening up these checks. We got enough money here to sink a battleship for Camilla's house and the people are really doing it. And it's the Amorans who have nothing better to do who are, you know, make a lie on the sky. Yeah. Just like him. I think Amorans in sunrise and boy when I find out about it, they're going to be really upset. Remember Irving from a home instead? I'm his brother Howard. You should have hung up on him the first time he called PS Zeta sucks. Wonderful card from Homestead. Yeah. You know Irving from Homestead. Monica. Oh, chronic color. I bet you Nick puts him on. Irving. Nick puts every he denies it, but he puts every chronic color on. Okay. It's 11 past 11 at wio d. We have an open line in Zeta if he moves real quickly. Like if you're in Homestead at the 751-9463. And I want to tell you about it. Hick and ass with 50,000 watts of power all over South Florida from the keys to the palm beaches. Even out to the Bahamas. This is WIN. 1114 at wio d. Get those letters right now. 19,067 bucks was our total coming into the day for Camelos House. I'm not even attentive away through the tapes that are in here. Just do the letters. And there are going to be like 5,600 bucks here already in checks. So we got a real good shot at that 25 grand, which will buy them the van plus plus many thousands left over to. We'll make sure that they have plenty of food and goodies for a Christmas. Okay, a lot of day about the sea. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Okay. I just wanted to tell you that you're a panic on this. So all these women are ragging on you. I think it's incredible. All these women are ragging on me? Well, all the women. I'm listening all morning. I mean, they're probably not pretty terrific with their husbands because they're ragged. Take in all their frustrations that on you. Yeah. Well, good. I'm glad they got you to stir. I assure that all the assholes are moving from sunrise and to Lord of the Albite Sea because I'm a stormer. Can here know. You're a what? A new stormer chin. I have a story down here. Lord of the Albite Sea. Oh, yeah. Good luck to you. What good luck to me? They're all attitude city here too. Yeah. Well, it's kind of like a suburb of sunrise. Yeah. You're terrific. Okay. Thank you. Good luck to you. Bye. Bye. 11, 16 and W.I. Old D. And we have an open line in Broward 524W. Old D. 5249463 Miami Beach, hello. Yes, you know, I got bless you for everything. By the way, I have a couple of items. I hope you won't cut me off. I probably will so you're pretty old. Why we put all these old people on a phonyk? Nick just loves to do this to me, man. The order they get the sooner they get on. How immediately? I'm like I said your ancient pal. Not just a little joke. It's a little circus joke. Left over from October. What is that? Oh, it's an empty box. Thank God. Don't bring any more mail in here. I'll get sick. Go ahead, sir. Yeah, let me tell you a little personal thing that they were seeing. You have a little personal thing. So we don't discuss that kind of stuff on the show. They were seeing a chapter to the open fire before. And I went to high school, grandma school, and he was with the Nautoy Me, who wrote that song, and Chicago. Oh, who cares? Yeah. That's exciting. That deal. I got a terrific video. Oh, look at that. There's the mystery picker. Yeah. You're my picker. Dressed as Santa. That's cute. What do you want, sir? We don't want to hear your life story about Mel Turme and you want to, you know, with AJ Doey at the SNS cafeteria. We don't want to hear that. Give us something that we can think or keep into. I'd listen. Like some rotten Hall of A. Yeah, put boring under. You're the one that put him on. Okay, not me. You're the one that put him up first. I'm not going to, you know, he likes to put this boring crap on a screen. You couldn't tell that by talking to this guy that was 150, you're pretending to be 63. You just left the one off the front of the age. Yeah. How are your brother, Methuselid doing, sir? Yeah. I feel like I'm back at KAT again. Yeah, they're two, yeah, generally two things. Yeah, very good, sir. One of them is coached by Mel Turme. Let me tell you how they're going to be. Maybe this is the guy that's hanging over the fire and the woman is saying nothing like Kess nuts roasting over and open fire, yeah. Yeah, this is the very good winner. That, that's a connection between these two things. Oh, God. Well, listen, it's been nice to talk to you, sir. And I hope you have a wonderful show of voice. It's 1118 at WIOD. What? And we have an open line in day. If you move real quickly, you can fill up the line where this guy was just doing his diricol 751-9463. Hmm. Do you believe that? I didn't expect this day to date. This day today. I wasn't here opening the mail. Figuring, well, it's the holiday week. Let's just, I should never ever forget where I am. And every once in a while, I get carried away. And I watch the weather channel this morning. They have the five day forecast and it's going to be in the 80s and it's going to be great. And I'm not one of those people who wants it to be cold at Christmas. We already had our cold snap. I like it to be. My 80s. I like it to be warm. I like to go into pool and enjoy life. I like that kind of stuff. And I thought boy, this is going to be great. And then of course we came in here. Miramar. Hello. Yeah. Hi, Neo. Yeah. Good. A young guy from Miramar calling. Well, I'll be damned. You must know Johnny Depp. Hi, Johnny. Yeah. He's a good friend of mine. Yeah, you guys probably once lived in that card room. Really, he is. He was welcome. He's bad here. He's been a car with a whole bunch of guys. We went to school from the Miramar. He works out and the same gender I work at. Really? You don't know Bobby Deer and do you? Sure. The most hated. No, God. The most hated you for the help. Yeah. And Deer's the pre-to-worked out near every day. We're really getting it today. So all I need is to hear from Bobby Deer and wishing me a happy weekend. Yeah. The omission. Yeah. Bobby. And I, I, I caught, uh, the winner happy holiday. 19 past 11 at WIOD. We have two open lines in Broward if you move quickly now. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. You know, I'm gonna, isn't it interesting how I mentioned that? Yeah. You know how the Captain Davies to lay on the floor? Yeah. I'm gonna get down on the floor today. I'm gonna get down on the floor and pray. Today. I may get religion. I may take it up today. I'll put it right here. Yeah. Rich asked that you announced a car mine that he's coming to pick up your food. That rich. He's been driving that big puddle jumper for too long. That big battleship he's getting. Just like those people in sunrise now. In other words, he wants to make sure he doesn't have to pay for it. That's what he's had to say. Ah, this is a day. You know what they say in sunrise. They can very upset if you pay for it. That's what they say. That's what they said. That's what they said. That's what they said. That's not a matter of thinking. Real upset if you have to pay for it. Yeah. Because we don't have any of that going on in sunrise. Yeah, that's right. Even the young people are impotent in sunrise, okay? Once you cross the border, there are sunrise Boulevard. You get to go about a, I don't know. It's half a block. Half a long block and you get to that sign and it says like, if plantation wishes you good luck in sunrise, something like that, it says. And then you know you're in real deep trouble. Oh sunrise is on five. Hello. Talk about people from some... Oh, what a phony voice. Or can I can't you do better than that? I can't you do better than that. Okay, sir. Can I get you to start over again? Come on. We're trying different voice. I hope that far from Sebastian goes down there. Lips your face off. Yeah, okay. What a bad phony voice. Okay. And he wasn't even from sunrise. He was from a lot of day of lakes. I don't want to get that lady up. So what I could tell by the accident. He was from a lot of day of lakes. Couldn't you? Did give away that lot of day of lakes. Yeah. I was kind of like he had a mouth full of marbles or something. Yeah. Okay. He had the quad pepper syndrome. When's London food and called the number 10? What a place this is man. This thing. No wonder the state is shaped like like the way it is. Okay. Well, this is really a festive show today. It sure is a contestable. I'm so happy that I could just I don't know whether the screen will reach 16 bananas. All of the experience. But we do have an open line in Broward now. Oh, no, it's flashing. Look at that on this screwed up phony system where it like flashes intermittently. And on well, it's an old phone system. It's tired. It flashes a little bit. And then it takes a little siesta and then flashes again. And sooner or later, Nick answers it. If it's somebody real old, he puts him on right away. If it's somebody ancient, somebody who sounds at least 500 years old. Oh, mobile. Hello, how are you? Okay. First time calling good to hear. Well, welcome to a real exciting show today. Yeah, you got the winners. We're doing it boy. Listen, I wanted to give you a figure for it. Yeah, but you know that the people, you know, the state troopers are doing their job well down here. We got a bimbo in a brown wrapper running up and down at 60 highway. A bimbo in a brown wrapper. I like that. That'd be good name for a song. Well, he just pulling cars over like you would believe I sit here watching her and I just cannot believe this goes on. She's been just steady hour and a half pulling people over. You know, it's just unbelievable. They're getting their quarter real quick. Now, where is that? Where is this? This is at Southwest 248 Street. Only 248 and 228. Wait down there. Oh, yeah. I'm the darkest from step. Yeah. Well, anyway, just want to make this a quick one and we're showing Merry Christmas. Okay. And the same to you, sir. Alrighty. Okay. Good luck here. Little WIOD, pig report there. It's 1123. But maybe we're going to take a lot of calls from sunrise today. We do have an open light and brown. That's our one line that if you want to get in on right now. If you're in sunrise only, please, we would love to hear from you. Get it out of your system. Okay. Start the new year with an empty um... Why is that? Okay. It's already on there, man. That's great. Okay. 23 past 11. Take a little brin de 1126. WIOD, we got something very special now that we just opened and it's in a way, spasked part of it. Our first French Canadian for the Camilla's house, unusual filled with explodatives, vulgarity, grotesque, barbaric crap. And their contribution, you'll hear it dropping on the table for the Camilla's house ladies and gentlemen. It's a Canadian quarter, which is worth about 20 cents. Maybe 21 and a half, 22. Okay. 27 past 11 and WIOD and let's go to a browner. Hello. Let me try it again. Hello. Hi, I'm at my money here. So brother Paul. Great. How much did you send? I don't know. Oh. A lot. A lot. What a dollar? I don't know. You don't know. A lot. A lot. I'll send you for a break and then I sent it to brother Paul and said... Well, that's good. It was very nice of you. You want to hear a joke? No. Oh, why not? No, no jokes. Merry Christmas. Hi. What? What? Do you see the camera coming to town? Yeah, I saw Santa. It is fingering his nose. Okay. You have a nice holiday. Okay. Bye. I'd like me. 28 past 11 and WIOD. My amy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to... I hear you so dissonable. I'm the older. Working on those two days that everybody else is off. I'd like to come and do the selfie you and the bird. No thanks, pal. It's 11. 28. We have an open line in the East County and date and Broward. 751 WI. If you keep putting these old people on, I'm going to do an hour on you. I'm really going to do an expose. All the crank calls on everything. Trust me. Keep putting these old, all just hang up on them. I don't even want them on whole. Just get rid of them. He's he's enjoying it. He's a satis. That's a kind of blind mic on the other day. Put some Bob from Pop in a Watery 10 minutes. Put some Phil on. Phil. A.K. A. Harvey Jr. A.K. A. Pain in the ass. What a maniac. Okay, hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Happy holidays to you and everybody there. And the same to you. Thank you very much. I wanted to... I can be tried originally. Yeah. West Bloomfield. I'm really done. I just heard Steve talk about the last year. Yeah. Let's go home. But I got to talk about last year at Konyah. Does that ring of dollar? Well, of course, those incredible hot dogs. Not as good as Donald Bob's in Rochester, but a whole different category. Well, I do. They were grand. I'm going up to the right after the first year. In fact, a friend of a friend of mine was the gentleman who started that whole chain, the Konyah island thing up there, owned it. Right. Many years about 20 years ago. Can you tell me, did he also know the next door called the American Konyah island? I don't have any idea. Your lofty yet. The lofty yet was our last year at Street right in the courthouse there. Yeah. And right next door was a deal for another one, which was called the American Konyah island. Now, do you remember a Polynesian restaurant? I think it was on Bagley Street, Cass and Bagley called the Bagley. Can't take it? There are many, many, they have a big handfuls on the door. Chintiki. Can't take it. I don't go running out of here. There he goes. All we got to do is reminisce about an East city that he isn't from and he leaves the building. Okay. Goodbye. Hey, you know, they're locked into a keypim out. Okay. I'm tired of the Grinched-It's Still Christmas. I got all these cranks on here and right away he's getting hysterical. You know, in those days, you know, there were some good restaurants in Detroit. And Kompiki was one of them. Yep. London shophouse is still there to pink there. Can you believe that what's there? Are you going to listen to me to pink is his clothes now? Is that right? No, no, no, no one on Grand River. Closed. Oh, I didn't know that. Well, hey, they like everything comes everything goes. Yeah. Well, I think it's actually come out of the house. And I hope you get us that. Thank you. I'm very happy to. You too. Thanks a lot. See, I enjoy reminiscing. There are a lot of people who relate to that. Now he's coming back. No, we didn't say you could come back in yet. We're going to do an hour and Rochester now. Just try to mellow out. Will you please? Will you just try to stop being so emotional? I didn't say. He's sensing. No, you got up and you walked out. Well, and there are a lot of people plotting. You know, they don't, uh, don't count your chickens before they hatch. I just, well, as they say in the gum business, don't count your chickens before they hatch. Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. Hi, how are you doing? Pretty good. Good. It's fun to come. I'll say hi to you in the first. Oh, this is frightening. It is not only a female voice, but it's somebody under the age of 200. That's right. Somebody with an eye view of over two who is an agitated who's friendly and sounds like she's in a really good mood. I'm going to grade me tomorrow. I'm going to work today. I'm playing hooky. Great. I don't blame you. I'm going to wonderful mood. And I just want to say, um, it's good to have you guys back on AM again. Thank you. This cap in days, but we still have plans. Yeah. Well, well, you know, one day he'll get out from over there and get into a real place. I hope so. Four days. I know. Yeah. He's an out of happy camper. I don't think so either. So what happy will he with you guys? Yeah. And, um, what's a good movie I can rent today, Neil? What's a good movie you can rent? Yeah. China girl. China girl. I don't give me a sour look. That just give me a sour look. Get out of here. Your taste is in your social. Okay. Get away from me next. What he knows about movies. You could put in a symbol and have room for the godfather left over. China girl, though. How about did you see network? Yeah, many times on TV. Okay. Um, what, what are some one other one? One more? Yeah. Boy, this is giving you a movie book. Tondrous. Oh, I'm 100. See, what is this tough? You seen the witches of Eastwood? Yeah, South Africa. That's so great. Yeah, that was good. I mean, when you just ask out of the blue, I mean, you know, you're going to a movie, you know, a video story and they got like 2,000 titles. It's pretty hard just to pick out one. Yeah, but you never know which one you're going to be good. How about one suponatime in America? That'd kill most of the day for you. That's a long one. But it's good. Excellent. It's a little peculiar, but it's very good. What's the part of the earth? Yeah, it's kind of like the godfather. All right. Now it's really good. You didn't enjoy it. Yeah. Okay. Now you haven't seen it. I'm telling you. It's it's a long. It's like about three and a half hours. Oh, wow. It's a long one. And the most we have to do. Yeah. And if I just counting James Woods Zitz will take up a good part of your day. I think you'll enjoy it. Okay. Okay. Did you see Rain Man yet? No, not yet, but I plan on seeing it this weekend. Please, I'm telling you, everybody who has seen it just except Nick of course. You probably won't go to see it because it's too good, but everybody loves it. Yeah, they've gotten great reviews. Okay. You have a good one. Have a great holiday. You too. Bye. Bye. Boy, what a breath of fresh year she was 11 days long. It's been several weeks. And let's keep it that way. Open line in date 751 Wiod and in Broward 5249463 a mobile on 6-HELLO. Hello. Yes, sir. I'll put me all the little things. Every little thing is okay. That's good to hear. Listen, I mean clothing cells and I rubber's in a company that manufacturers good. And I have a box full of samples I want to get to the chemo of house. Excellent. Now what I need to do is word a bring it or I know that you're giving it address to this place in Pompano that was fording things there. Where are you? I'm in forlaterdo now. Unfortunately, I was just in Pompano now. I'm driving towards your home counter plantation. Okay, now wait a minute. Let me look up. I got the address somewhere of the quick delivery people who are who have been very kind and who have agreed to transport stuff from Broward down to Camelos house. And as soon as I find it, which I know that it's here trust me any moment, any second. You that reckon the Senate's WIDWIOD. Yeah, but well you could do that, but it'll be a lot easier if you just took it over to um, quick delivery. I don't have it. May I'm sure that Sharon must have it somewhere. I'll give it on a year. Okay. All right. Let me ask you a more question. Yeah. You think there's a B and we'll have $20? Well, we love to have a day. Sure. Okay. I mean, unless it's a can of green peas or something. No, no, it's a box full of samples that they can put on their backs. Sure. You bet. So what do we do next? What do we do next? I got to find out what it's done. No, no, I said if I'll just hang up and then I'll get the address sometime just keep listening and I'll get the address from Sharon or somebody of quick delivery. Okay. I'll give it on the air and then just to send the tape into me and just let me know who you are and what you did and whatever and we'll get the tape out to you. Sound of mighty fair. Okay. All right. And we appreciate it. Happy holidays. Same to you. I love forty five with Wiod. We have an open line at Broward five two four nine four six three. One thing about the colors today. I will say this. They've either been really nice like this gentleman and the lady the young lady to call or they've been really grotesque. Nothing in between. Like two or three that I can take up in particular, especially the one the young monk brain from sunrise. Twenty nine who proves that being a prune is not a chronological state of age but the state of mind. He said that for a long many many times. It's not all people that I get upset by it's people who behave like they're 180 going on 500 nasty crotchity hostile bitchy. Mobile. Hello. Take this and this. Pretty weak. Pretty weak. And it's the more. Yeah. Okay. Let's go to a son. Son. I just fell off. Yeah. Happy New Year Neil and Bird. How are you? Yeah. We're just great. Yeah. Especially with the colors from sunrise. Huh? I just wanted to give you two quick points that lady that called before looking for a rental movie. What's the better year ago? You made a quote classic out of a movie called The Hitcher. Oh yeah. The Hitcher if she hasn't seen that, she better get it right away. Good night. I know a lot of people would enjoy that after you recommend it. I have a virgin copy of it at my house but I'm not giving it up. I'm not. The other best point I want to make being from sunrise here five years I can't help but agree with you or accept the one point about the adultery. I mean we all live here in sunrise. I'm in a community of family oriented people and we all go on committed adultery every other day of the week. I mean what's the big deal around here? Everybody's doing it. I thought it was the thing to do. Well the ones who can't do it, those are the ones who are the most upset. Don't understand which is the majority of sunrise. All right but I was at that camp a meeting with my adult and they are just... What a bunch. What a bunch of animals. You thought they want to take this guy out and string him up or something. Really? They just don't know where it's at. I mean only guy who is asking anybody on the 40 years old whether they do commit adultery and the answer is going to be yes. I mean let's face it. Well first of all, you know I think back, do you remember the thing in Congress when Jerry studs and the guy from Illinois? What's his name? The Wright Winger's brother from Illinois who got... But Jerry studs got reelected even though he had sex with a young page. You know a teenage boy. He got reelected. It was no big the only came out of the closet and everything. Can you imagine the same thing happening here? I mean we have got the most hateful, the most narrow minded, the most rotten, core of old farts that was ever born in this town. Well just want to let you know we're young unfarce around here too. We've been there not there not alone here. All right. All right. Okay. Bye bye Neil. Thanks a lot. And a good thing of course to keep in mind is those people are all going to die real soon. Okay. Oh it's true. That's true now if we would just stop replacing them and we bring some living people in here under the age of 100 it would be great because those people are going to meet their makers soon. They're going to have to answer to their maker Marvin Maker. He's a driver up at Monticello. Okay it's 1148. 12 minutes till noon want to say hi to all our good friends at Pompano Park. I might just go up there tonight and win a couple of thousand you know. That's the thought. That's something to think about. I cannot find the address. Is shearing in the building? Is Donna on the far where are those pictures? I have pictures of right over here. I'm pretty uh Dr. Boobots. Send us a new batch of pictures which are shocking. Steve 11 nervous break by the end. I've got the quick delivery thing here but it's got their old address. Oh boy there. Yes well you asked for sure and within least two or three hours she's in there. Thank you very much. Okay here it is. Hello, how are you doing? Uh the handle was pondering. Was it? I'll ever. I have to tell you I was your inaugural caller and I have been waiting like seven and a half weeks. Call you again. Well that's good. Once every seven and a half weeks is not chronic that's excellent. Well I let me ask you this was it a good call? Oh excellent. Okay. See I don't remember. I remember. I was the first call you took on WIOT. Like I said I don't remember but I'm also interested in you must have been great. He's a brain damage assistant. Earthshocking huh? You know you weren't for this station long enough to get brain damage. No it was the last station I worked for the give me severe brain damage. I think that you were still like um under the influence. Yeah that's gonna take me a long time to shake off the effects of that. I I call because um something's been like producing at me. And have you tried coaxer works very well? I tried like they have a new over the corner cream that's is actually a lot within the takes care of all those things but that's what I call. Really. Thank God. I could if I mentioned to you it's been the right to have been talk about it. Talk about it. But the familiar house is one of my favorite charities and I know that it's one of your favorite charities. But I wonder why it's one of your favorite charities because you're doing something great job. You wonder why? I wonder why? Because there are a lot of there are a lot of cruel people out there and I have seen you know when I live in a city and I've been all over the country. I don't just you know I do live in plantation in a very nice area and the homes there are all 3, 4, 500 pounds. Oh I'm so. And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about a special place. I'm a new young kid and I'm a grown up. I get a base from it all. There was that in the pocket walls. He can build everything. I love that stuff. What a shuffle board if you were. I got a nine go for Saturday lunch. Or part of the food on top of your tears. I hope it's kosher. In the pocket nose, I got and Buck Hill. Camel back in Bush Hill. Madeli and Shawnee. They're she even Mickey Rooney. Right now. Played Rock and Kexo. Oh, we let's go home. In the pocket nose. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show. With Tony Orlando. Get a hot shake. You're part of champagne. Sit by the pool and act like a shawl. Let's get the chicks you can meet in a school. Over by the exercise class. Hey, can you be in the pocket nose? Skytop and Buck Hill. Camel back in Bush Hill. Madeli and Shawnee. Don't forget Mickey Rooney. Played Rock and Kexo. Oh, we let's go home. In the pocket nose. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show. With Tony Orlando. In the pocket nose. Let's go. If I get to teach this. I don't like my teeth in the bag with the water and the air. Follow seven and WIOD. Fan riches here would lunch. My salad is here. Look at that. He's on his best be. He's got a little anti-possal. There's a little salad. How many olives you got there? Let's not keep carried away with those olives. Anyway, you notice that other nice 90-minute blankus set. Somebody didn't send a check. Hmm. And no note. They just sent for tape. So that's nice because there's our other mastery. Oh, seriously. I'm not munking around with that. Now. I mean, there was a young lady who wrote me a note that said, you'd send a check on her separate cover and that's fine. I understand that and they'll get their thing. But other than that, forget it. Okay, it's 12 o'clock late. And we're going to go back to your calls. We have an open line at Broward where some idiot hung up during the news break. I can't imagine why. I liked the beginning of that news. Did you hear what April said? Hmm. She said this the new news is brought to you by and then she said, oh, there's no spot. Oh, okay. She's learning. She's getting there. Oh, well, she's got a lot of pressure. She got that tremendous fan club. Also, I want to thank Barry Brett for productions. For sending me a by accident, two whistles. One was for me and one was for the guy over a Joe cheatwood a channel 7. But there's so much mail coming in here. Now I get everybody else's mail too. So I'm not giving it to Joe. I'm just going to keep it. No, I want this call on one here. Hello. Where are you going? I don't know if you got to hear Larry King show last night. Now somebody told us, yeah. Yeah, that's why I was telling you about that. That I mean, I was telling Nick that the guy got up there. And he said, you remember when you were interviewing about customers or about customers who's interviewing you, he said what makes it creep. Browardcaster, well, the guy's played your case. Where you said that he recorded it and it said, uh, what Larry King knows about a broadcast he just put in a table. Yeah. After he played that Larry King said, well, round about his is obviously a Joe is sick person. And I just get it. That's always Larry's comeback, you know. And you know, really, how is it that he knows everybody? Oh, I had everyone's a good friend of his. Yeah. Well, when you kiss a lot of buttmen, everybody is your friend. So that's big. That's your buddy, what a couple years. I'm right before he was about, uh, right. The North Vietnamese career down here, uh, my dad was a season ticket over with this often. And when they were in the Super Bowl on year, he thought they're party and another person who's down there, right, won't mention his name and works in your station. But we're trying to bend the motives. Sports wise, you'll know what I'm talking about. He and Larry agreed my dad's Richard cabinet out when he threw the party. And that afterwards, he heard to my dad, isn't there anything else? Uh, uh, uh, uh, I mean, so not only is he can a guy, I know Larry, uh, well, okay. Uh, the the the kindest thing that I can say is he is, he is a great BS artist, okay? Oh, he is. That's why he's gotten where he is today because he's a tremendous BS artist. Yeah. I mean, really, it's amazing. And that these people say, oh, Mary, what a service you provide to this country. You're such a great humanitarian. If he would provide a service, he gets some people on there and ask them some tough questions instead of trying to be everybody's best friends. Yeah, and he says, well, I'm just going to question and every, you know, Angie, Dickinson, I'm on a follow-inspector. Uh, no, he's getting some new glasses. Oh, she's getting some bifocal, so she can see up close. Oh, God, I'm sorry. That'll, that'll, that'll be the end of that. Yeah, but just a way. We aren't delighted to have WIOD's, uh, Larry King show on at 11 o'clock here tonight. Oh, boy, brother, have you, have you really a bit listen to that Russ Wimbell? I don't start ripping everybody else on a stage. Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't have it. No, I have it. No, because I like Russ Wimbell. I was going to see he's going to give you conservatives, you know, but has this indicated sure. All I guys said were delighted to have them all or off friends of WIOD. And they're all friends with Mary and he's going to have dinner with Tommy. That's right, and they're going to have tons of pasta together. And they're going to try to keep Larry's nose on of it. All right, yeah, I just don't know about that, aren't you? Just, you know, wish the people would find out what he's really like. No, no, no, no, no, don't say you wish they'd find out who cares what they find out. Okay, if they like you show fine and if not, then they know what he is and more power to them. Oh, finally, when I think what is ketchup, I'll take the whatever the hell, you said you're cooking it, and we'll be by Miraculous to WIOD. Have a nice day. Well, I'll make it's past noon at WIOD. What is that? He's talking again. You know what I mean? So anyway, we want to thank Floors again for incredible lunch. It's now at his grave. Which way you're enjoying your pizza over there? Wonderful. Don't do that. Don't talk about this. Don't talk about that. You're right. Two spags. Two spags. Moving right along, let's do the right back to the new, simulating calls, magazines. These are the best calls in a history of this town. What's a question? Okay, let's go to a four-laterdale. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Welcome to Yale. How are you? Good. Listen, uh, uh, as someone you worked with that send in one here in Loderdale, uh, got me onto your program. And I'm glad to be in that you learned from tended to because before I used to sit by a mom for eight o'clock in the morning just to hear you shout. I'll be darned. I get. Now, there are a couple things I want to tell you. Yes, did I send that under one cover? Two checks, so can I let them know the familiar sounds? With two tapes. Mm-hmm. But I didn't bother writing. You are not because I figured you had enough to read. Just status correct. I absolutely. Anyway, I feel you should get a commission from company. We heard that you're going to be up there Monday. So I made a range of tapes and friends up there to dinner and we asked about you and they said, oh, he was here place the best in the left. What? You had no idea. There. No, I wasn't there. No, I had. I didn't get up there Monday. I couldn't go. No, I couldn't go. But I just, I didn't feel good Monday. I was out under the way. I said that for. I don't know. Well, anyway, uh, they're doing up. I wonder they asked you about. Uh, how far did your signal go? I had to call from Pittsburgh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. When I hear when I hear you know, we're you to canoe workers. No, I think we'll go to about 125th street on the north. Oh, come on. I know. I'm serious. No, the thing is, uh, I'm driving a car. Go down a short east barbecue on the south. What? West about to Miami Highlight. And do we, we got a big signal in the bay, man. We're right at the bay. But we lose you back to Lavaz up there going up north. In fact, I noticed Otis Reading was still sitting out there this morning when I got out of my car. Uh-huh. Somebody ought to clean that up. Listen, I have a house just from San Diego and we can get over. Who made the program is the how you talk and the things that you say. Well, San Diego, there are a bunch of theanderthals out there. A lot of John Bircharies, right? When we're going to give 100% that to have a good house get here forget about it. You tell them it's a great climate out there, but get rid of those kneeanderthals. All those hostile right wing extremists. But I told them I said, you think this is better. I said, we're going to hit the asshole song. Yeah. You're kidding. And you said no request that they're not going to have to. I'm going to play it. If he are, if he's from San Diego, man, it fits. Good. I'm driving going to do it. Is he there? Yeah, I think he's here. Well, Tom did turn it up, man. And if the shoe fits, have a great holiday. Thank you very much. It's your uncle. And a good circus. Bye. Bye. San Diego. They can hear that. They say that's the most perfect climate in the country. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Right on the Pacific there, they get those bombing breezes. Not too humid. They don't have the smog that they have an LA. It's correct. I used to know someone who lived there in the summer and here in the winter, which is good because because they don't have the smog, then you can see this. Wastakers and all those people walking around downtown. It's great. Yeah. Well, I was driving down I-95 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided it wasn't going to do any good to get man. So I wrote a song about them instead. It goes like this. For you more than asshole, or did you work in your whole life? Either way it worked out fine. But here in asshole tonight. Yes, here in A, definitely so early. And don't keep trying to claim it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. We're an asshole yesterday. You're an asshole tonight. I've got a feeling. You'll be an asshole the rest of your life. And I was talking to your mother. Just the other night. I told her I thought you're an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Because you know that you're whole life. Somebody told me you've got an asshole whole life. Where you more than asshole. Or did you work in your whole life? Either way it worked out fine. Because you're an asshole. Hold this ass. And speaking of that, I'm just going to go nuts. I am so peowed by what has just been handed to me. And there's no reason I can't discuss this. Really? Is there? I don't know. I guess not. No, because it's a copy of something that was sent by somebody who is, um, you know, fair game. Danny Abbott, National Director of the Adam Walsh trial Resource Center. And you know, I'm, I'm really getting ticked. Okay. I'm really getting ticked because it's like deja vu. It's like the same old crap all over again. And you know, like I've said, everywhere you work, there's that nice honeymoon period in the beginning when everybody is wonderful and everybody is happy. And now all of a sudden, the last couple of days, it's like, um, this week. Ghost of Christmas past, you know what I'm talking about? So let's take the break now. And I'm going to read this on a year. I'm good to, um, also let people know where this is coming from. Okay. All right. Well, I mean, directly. It's right on the letter. Okay. 23 past 12 at WIOD will be right back. Well, the cash lottery ticket 27 at WIOD. I have a copy that was put in my box of a letter that was sent to Diane Killerie, the general counsel at the Federal Communications Commission, Washington, DC by one Denny Abbott, the national director of the Adam Walsh Child Resource Center in West Palm Beach. Now, this is a man who according to this letter has never heard this show. As you will discover when you hear this letter, he's heard tapes of the show. Take it out of context. No doubt. Dear Ms. Killerie, I'm writing to express my objection to the messages being aired by Neil Rogers on radio station WIOD. I have listened to several of his shows on tape. And was shocked to find that he, in my opinion, solicits teenage boys for six over the airways. I cannot believe that he is permitted to continue his offensive remarks. I urge the proper authorities to immediately investigate this matter sincerely. Denny Abbott, national director with copies to Mr. Jim Hatcher, the general counsel for Cox Enterprises in Atlanta, Mr. Mike Disney, General Manager of this radio station. Mr. Disney leaves for me in my mailbox a copy of this letter today. Now, there has been going on for last year and a half a concerted effort in this community to get me off the air to to provide me a right to earn my livelihood and to control what I can do on the air. Now, I'm very familiar with what contemporary broadcast standards are in this industry. I've heard them all from Howard Stern in New York to people in Chicago like see doll, greaseman and Washington all over the country. What we do on this program is tame. Nothing. Tame. I've also heard a lot of the same material on other stations in this community. But nobody seems to be concerned about that. But specifically, this allegation about soliciting teenage boys for sex over the airways here again is a man who has never evidently heard this program has heard things taken out of context on tape that were intended in humor. And anybody who's listening to the show for the last two years knows that it's in humor whether we're talking about Allen or Stan or Bob or this one or that one. And here is a man in a position as the national director of the Adam Wall's Child Resource Center who based on materials taken out of context has the unmitigated goal, the Hutspa to write this kind of a letter of the FCC. And it's about time that the people in this audience knew the kind of crap that is going on and has been going on. And this is a part of it. And I have a note here with a copy of this letter from Mr. Disney for my information. It says, and then it says, remember, you would have to one protect the license to do nothing illegal. I'm already well aware of those things. And I've been reminded of the mon numerous occasions in the past few days. Since coincidentally, I signed a contract. Yeah. I know FCC rules about what broadcasters responsibilities are better than Mr. Abbott at the Adam Wall's Resource Center. Probably better than some of the people of the bureaucrats in this building. I've been in this business almost 30 years. Now Mr. Abbott ought to get the other side of the story. From people who understand this program, understand my sense of humor and know where I'm really coming from. There are no teenage boys who have ever been solicited for sex on this program or ever will be. Or teenage girls or teenage cretons or mutants or anything else. I think, you know, I really do. I see a very dangerous pattern here again. And that's exactly the intent of this kind of crap. And that is to see to what that we can't do the program. Now they knew when I came here what I do. They've heard this show a million times. And there isn't enough money. God don't have enough money to pay me to go through this airfree day again for the next year, the next three years, the next whatever. Then yeah, they're paying me a lot of money here, but I got news for you. I came here to do a show and not to be intimidated and threatened and coerced and jostled every day. By nervous nellies, I already went through that the last two years. We went through that week until stories like we said, and make people's hair stand on it. True. And I've had it up to my ears. As I told Mr. Disney yesterday morning, I intend to do the show. I intend to do the best possible job. We're surrounded here by mail by tapes and by checks. We've raised well over $20,000 already for what is one of the most important charities in his community to me. And if we're going to continue to be harassed and allowed to be harassed and intimidated, then I don't want to be a part of it. I won't have anything to do with it. Now, there are people in the audience who want to call Mr. Abbott or any of the people at the Edmonton Child Resource Center in West Palm Beach and let them know how misinformed they are. Their number is Area Code 407 8330908O. And I'll make it very clear up front. I'm not encouraging hostile calls, harassing calls, threatening calls, and I never have done that because I get accused of that too. But it would be nice for these people to hear the other side of the story. This is an entertainment show, comedy show. And for someone again in a position of national director of the Edmonton Child Resource Center to write this kind of letter to the commission, without even ever having personally heard the show is so offensive to me that I can't even begin to describe it. I would like to say a lot more, but there are reasons why I can't, unfortunately, at least with the time being, at least not on the air. But there you have it, okay? Is things the more they change the more they stay the same? And I'm disappointed, bitterly disappointed and shocked that this should even be in my mailbox. With reminders, with constant daily reminders of what the business is like, kindergarten, like elementary school, the do's and the don'ts, the d's and the d's and the d's. 1233 and WIOD wanted to ask you. I knew talk radio 6th at WIO. Okay, Spencer, have a wonderful holiday. Get out of here already. 1237 and WIOD and our next call is a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. And Neil, it's the doof. Yeah. Actually, I'm not in Palm Beach. I'm in Miami, on Dixie Highway. But you terrible die. How could you possibly do those terrible things that the guy said in that letter? Yeah. Well, it's not a joke. It's not funny anymore. It's keen that point of ridiculous, and especially the way they begin, they react to it. That's what gets me hysterical. Is these nervous nellies? Okay, in other words, if you know what you're doing is right, and you know the intent of what you're doing, that should be sufficient. And you have to be confident knowing that you got people, you know, who know what they are doing. Yeah. I start this. This is just like what happened in the other place, man. It just exists. It's like deja vu. I see the headwriting on a wall and I got news for it. I am not prepared to go through another prolonged period of time with daily reminders. Okay, it just isn't going to work. I agree with you. I have people who have worked. There are people who have worked in this time period. In the last year, in this time slot on this station, who are no more broadcasters than I'm a brain surgeon. Okay? I've been in Washington, DC, and I've heard the greaseman, and calling your stuff tame is an understatement. I don't matter if I'm what they're doing right over next door here to watch that the FM makes this show so tame by comparison that it's not even a contest, all right? Well, anyway, let's get the blood pressure down. How you doing there, duck? We were all doing fine till about 10 minutes ago. Yeah, I know what you feel. I want you to call me by my real name today. I'm sorry, it's okay. I heard you. Sorry. I'm doing there, guys. Okay. I just can't believe what's going on. Well, anyway, it's a beautiful day. It's going to be 80 degrees for Christmas. Yeah. I mean, it's wonderful. Great. You know, you really did the job, boy. He's really happy. Well, I'm telling you, he's really, I don't know. It's really very difficult not being a chronic, you know, especially my mobile phone where number two, three, four and five are you direct lines. It's, you know, like my clients are neglected now. Is it really tough? It's tough. Yeah, whatever you say. Yeah, it's just a matter of your lines are always busy. Yeah, whatever you say. Yeah. So what do you think that he's going to win tonight? Oh, no. No. What could I say? Did you guys make it to Neil Diamond? Oh, come on. Will you get out of here? Neil Diamond. Will you get serious? Well, I'm going to tell you, it's your guy thought it was real funny. I'm coming off Metro Rail and I scream out who very loud for thousands of people around me to hear. I can't believe how many people came out to see the Neil Rogers show tonight. And they turned around and said, Neil Rogers, oh, this is not Neil Rogers. Oh, this is not Neil Diamond. This is like, I got the whole meal. Good. It was funny, Neil. Well, you had to be there. I had to be at shorty since. Well, have a good day there and calm down. Good luck. Hey, listen. Yeah. Calm isn't the word. Have a great day. Yeah, too. And a good holiday. You too. Bye. 1240. I feel like who's on that bat line? That's not for us. Okay. What? I had the one. That I kind of the wind. When taking out of her. The whole show had to win. Take it out of her. It's still opening up all this mail and we got thousands of dollars again and everything is going just great and bingo. There it is. Pop right in front of your face again. The same ponderous crap. Okay. Yeah. See, I get the notion that maybe I just ought to go home for a few days. Okay, let them decide whether they want me to come back. Do you know what I'm saying? Well, because I'm beginning to get the feeling they're having second doubts. No. Oh, yeah. Now, beginning to have that feeling. Because it's one thing to say to have all kinds of, because you remember the things I used to say before we came here. And then all of a sudden there was this tremendous metamorphosis. And it was like, man, all of a sudden, these people develop these gigantic, I better not say that now, you know, because they're getting nervous about that. But these tremendous, you know what I mean? Like an elephant. Got see. And boy, we're just going to go ahead and we're going to do. And like I said, you can listen to any of the other shows in town. The morning shows in particular. Yes. And there is stuff on there. Like on power. There's some really racing stuff. And nobody says a word. Not a word. No. Now, if the animal ash resource center is truly homophobic, then I think maybe we ought to know about that. Okay, if that's really where they're coming from. Is that what it's really all about? I mean, what is really their problem? You think we ought to call them on a year? Why not? Call the guy himself? I'd like that. I didn't do it. See, he probably probably getting to come parts of the conversation that we couldn't let go on a year. All that's you know, I'm saying maybe off here. But I mean, this is just an abomination. The animal ash child resource center 407 833 908 oh, that's their number in West Palm Beach. And as I said, the letter itself, you know, that's bad enough. Although it doesn't really bother me that much considering knowing all the background of it. But then to be given this again, mark confidential, by the way, on it. On the envelopes, make sure nobody else would open it. Is if there's something really pressing an urgent here? Oh, here's a caller on eight. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I called down there up there, yeah, what did they tell you? Well, they did gentlemen not in the office at this time. Of course not. And the phone's been busy and I left my name a number and told her I approved your show. And I don't know what all the fuss is about. Well, it's not just a question of approving of my show, but the idea that this man alleges to the FCC that I solicited teenage boys for sex over the airways, there is no one in his right mind who really understands what the content in intended to show is all about who could possibly believe that. And I kind of, you know, another thing, you know, you raise and you're going to be raising over $25,000, okay? Hey, evidently, that doesn't counter. I don't, let me tell you something. I don't have any confidential note on my desk here on the on the table from management telling me, geez, what a tremendous job you've done for Camilla sounds. But I do have is another little hassle, which has been going on every day now for the last several days. I know, and I want any everybody to call channel 4, channel 7, channel 10, it's a hey, are you aware of what Neolage is doing with Camilla sounds? Let's go. I'm not, I'm not looking for credit. Okay, we get more than enough credit. I talked to Brother Paul this morning. He's a super guy. They're very grateful down there. And I'm, I'm not doing this to be a grandstander. Okay, I've had more than enough publicity in this town. I'd like the other media in this town. And I really, I think I am going to have a press conference to announce what's really been going on, because there are a lot of things I can't discuss here on the air. But today, I reached my limit. Okay, I have reached the end of the line, well, because the harassment that's been going on of the distortion of what I do on the air is unconscionable, absolutely unconscionable. I think Disney is covering his ass just in case something comes down and he wants to say, well, I didn't leave a memo and Neil's bottom. Well, let me just tell you this about my coming to this radio station. Okay, they approached me. I didn't approach them. That's it. You're not saying. Okay. Okay, thanks. Thanks for your call. 1244 at WIOD, we have an open line in Palm Beach, 6559463, 655WIOD. And it's interesting and I don't really want to go into what it like, but it's also interesting that there are others who have helped to plant the seeds for this stuff. You know what I'm talking about? Inside this building. Yeah. And you know, it's like Dr. Frankenstein, he created the monster and then it got out of control. I mean, you didn't know what to do with it. He couldn't control it. So I think it's incumbent upon some of those individuals who have helped to create this and distort what it is I do on the air to correct the record. Like maybe this afternoon? Okay. You know what I'm talking about? Like between 2 and 6? Yes. 1245, let's go to Miami. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Just relax. Take a deep breath. Well, it's easy to say, but I'm going to tell you when you've been harassed for a year and a half and you've done it done your best to ignore it. And then you, you know, you finally think that you're working for people intelligent enough not to buy into it. And then all of a sudden starts the same crap ol' again, boy. Just I'm not going to go through it again until you're that free. I have to go to work in Poccipsy. I'm not going through this again. Well, they'll never stop on. It's just rehashed the same old thing. They have nothing else that does do. Evidently. And I think you just, I don't know, go with the flow. What you do, how do you react before with any other allegations that they've had in the past? What do you mean, how did I react? What are you talking about? Did you get all excited like this? Let me say it to you again because I'm really beginning to wonder about the purpose of this call. But let me say it to you one more time. You know, we all have our breaking point at which we get fed up. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. If it all tolerates so much, and then you finally reach the point where you get sick of it. And it's bad. Yeah, okay. Have a wonderful life pal. I'll get your brain on scramble. Will you place 1246 at Wiod, in open line, and date at 751-9463. Plantation. Hello. Hello. Yeah. I just moved here from California back in September. Well, sir, you made a bad body through down here. I can't believe it. They get chronic when they're talking about an entertainment show. I mean, you can be a break. You, you, you, you, you, you, you, Well, okay, let me, let me explain somebody. This is a bush league town. And I always used to say, I don't know if you're for many with Howard Stern and New York. Howard's got a very popular show up there and he uses a lot of words that we have never dream of using. And I always said Howard would never last five minutes in this market because they would drag him out of the studio kicking and screaming. This is a very pure, tenical, very knee-and-earth all town. Although it is interesting, it is only a very, very, very small number of misfits out there who find these bizarre interpretation by what they show us all of that. My wife and my wife and I moved here from California and she got transferred down here with another job. It's just an interesting point about a sunrise that you've shown. You know, that's not true what you say in a while sunrise. I said, well, baby, let's take a, let's take a ride down there and we'll just go to the next one. Yeah, take a ride up university drive when you got, when you got a lot of extra time. Absolutely ridiculous. I mean, these people forgot what the gas pedal is like. And you're going through a store and they're constantly pushing you and pushing you. Push you. They want to step in front of you. They want to do the whole thing. There's no politeness involved. It's off. You know, you try to be polite to the elderly and there's nothing you can do about it. Well, a lot of Mark Kamikazeys here. They want you. They wait till the sun says, don't walk. And then they step on in the middle of the street and kind of invite you to run them over. It's a good point. And I'll say, I have you guys provide so many chocolate. I just can't believe it. I'll say, just keep up the good work. And with Kamilis House, the check come and see you for Kamilis House. And I just hope that everything goes well for you. Thanks a lot. Take it easy. Bye. 1248. It's 11.5 till 1. Erie is 1252 on a wonderful Wednesday. It was until about a half an hour ago. And let's move right along. Here's somebody who called the animal center. Hello. Yeah. I called over there and I was talking to his secretary. That's my name and number because apparently the gentleman is not there. Yeah. That's his opinion. Yeah. And I guess the gentleman doesn't stand comedy whatsoever. Well, not only that, but he's never heard the show. He's heard tapes of the show which have evidently been sent to him. I can't imagine from where. But there have been tapes in which we're obviously taking out a context. And you know, when somebody plants the seeds and says, hey, this is what this means. Obviously, the guys buy an into it right away. He's sending letters to the FCC. You know, this is our license in my livelihood that are hanging in the balance here. And we got some clown up there in the West Palm Beach. He doesn't even listen to the show who is, you know, claiming to be an expert on what the intent of the program is. Exactly. I challenge his gentleman to call me back because I really wouldn't like to give him even my mind. Yeah, but I hope thousands of people do. Okay. Well, the lines were busy. I mean, I and I hope that those people who support financially because I believe this is a nonprofit organization. I hope that anybody who supports the Adam Walls Child Resource Center. And I'm sure they do a lot of wonderful work. We'll tell them that they're not too crazy about continuing their financial support. So long as they continue this kind of activity. Yeah, but Neil, I'll be honest with you. I don't think this This is where really comes from. I think he's homophobic to be honest with you. Is he really? Yeah. Well, listen at wonderful. Again, I have no way to know that. I'm not going to make any allegations. Good. I don't know the manner anything about him. Yeah. Well, I like to ask you a question. I got a couple friends who got Turkey's for Christmas. And we'd like to see if we can donate it to the coming of the house. That would be great. Yeah, we'll just take it down to come in the house or do you want to take it? Well, you can take them right down there directly. That would be great. Okay. Okay. You have a great day man. And I really enjoy your show. You're the best thing on the air right now. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye. Okay. 1254 at Wiodeen Open Line in date at 7519463 751 Wiodeen pinhead on two. It says hello. Hey Neil. Yeah. Why am I a pinhead? Well, that's just what Nick said. You're a pinhead. All right. Well, don't pay any attention to him. He's just going through change of life. Of course not. Oh, too young. You're too young to be a good cause. If you're over the age of 100, put you right at the end of the list. Oh, I get. Well, you know, just like a, you know, a preview can make a movie good or bad. You know, that little tape that he heard can make your show seem horrible. So he should listen to the whole thing. You know, I mean, it doesn't pay to listen to some of it. And then judge the whole show by what he heard. Yeah. You know, and I spoke to a lot of people including Alan because our friends with him and he takes it all in fun. Well, everybody takes it in fun because they know what it's all about. They know this is an entertainment and a comedy show. And I just can't imagine anybody that stupid in my business who's been in a business more than five minutes, who would really go on the air and solicit sex from anybody. Of course. Although I have heard that on other programs, but it's interesting that those people evidently can do it with impunity. No problem. Yeah. It's just the shame that, you know, people in general, including your management, you know, look at the bad and said that they're good to good being, you know, your Camila's husband. Yeah. You know, and they know it's good for an affair. You're way. Oh, I punched up the wrong line. You're on five. Well, sometimes that happens to you. But it's a very good thing. You're not a pin on your head. You're not a tool. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. So now you can rest. You can rest. Have a great holiday. I have to be neurotic about it. I feel better. Okay. Okay. Hey, Neil, take these. Okay. Yeah. I'm really doing it. All right. Bye. See you. Now here's the pinhead. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Nick was right. So what's up? Nothing. What's going on? Good call. Thank you. Overlight and date 751 Wild. My M. He. Hello. Neil. Yeah. I have a teenage boy. Neil. And I must say I've never been around as well talking to you. I'm sure that. And I don't know where this guy gets off. Oh, I mean, so to speak. Don't watch your language. Oh, they might miss and interpret that, too. Yeah. That's true. You never know. I mean, have we had enough of these fall willing in types? Exactly. You know, and it's not only that, there are whole series of things here. They're really bothering me. One that this guy would go and write a letter to the commission without even hearing the show first hand or knowing what we're doing here. And secondly, the fact that management even waste my time and irritates me by giving us to me again, I don't need to see this crap. Okay. I've been seeing it for a year and a half. I know. I mean, were they trying to prove? Well, I'm the try to prove that they're changing their underwear every five minutes. In fact, there was just a gigantic rider truck that pulled up into parking lot with the panned undergarments. Okay. That were over red Zeta. And now they brought them over here. They were their papers. Yeah. You've heard of that, you know, changing their underwear every five minutes? Yeah. Well, trust me. Oh, boy. Something stinks in your film. And Merry Christmas to me, right? Well, I sure is how I hope you get through this mail. Have a wonderful day. Hey, Ted. Bye. Be pressing. Okay. We have let's see, $20,669 for Camilla sounds. Today we got 1602 in the mail. And we are almost to the $21,000 mark. So certainly by Friday, if we don't get to 25, we ought to come pretty damn close. Right? Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. So I'm sure that you'll have a good time opening the mail when you're here. A 257, well, that possibility arises. Okay. I mean, that exists because I am really ticked. This has been an ongoing the last two or three days. And you sit down and you have an honest conversation with somebody and you think, you understand the words that they're saying, but evidently, they don't understand what you're saying. Okay. Evidently. And I have every intention is showing up every day and doing the show. I know. Period. Showing up every day, five days a week, including all those great holidays we get to work. Dear field. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. How I'm called in a couple of weeks because the guy said I was chronic and boring, but this term. I'll pay any attention to him. And as long as you're under a hungry year, okay. Well, this term is event is in Pondrous. Telling, yeah. This is ridiculous. He's very crafting of nothing better to do. Yeah. I mean, you know, can't they pick on somebody that deserves it? It's so stupid. If you, if I, you know, this program has been investigated. Um, seriously, this, this program and yours, true have investigated by the FBI, the Secret Service, the State Attorney, a governor, special prosecutors, not of them found any of this to have any validity or for there to be anything obscene or pornographic or illegal or any serious soliciting for anything on this program other than money for charity. And yet the, the, the, the beat goes on as they say, man, it just never stops. I mean, it's just the joke. Yeah. You bet it's correct. And you know what? And I know it in anybody else out there who wants to know it knows it. Those people who want to manipulate it and twist it and make it appear that it is something that they know that it's not, they continue to do it. Well, they have to have somebody to say. And I'm not going to sit still for it for one more minute. You can go to the bank on that. Don't be too good for it. Okay. We are. Thanks for coming. Hey Karen, have tried to have a healthy house. I'm going to have this. This is, this is made for me. This is made by this is guaranteed. I happy, happy holiday. Well, I also glad happy holiday. Thank you. Take care. He's static. Okay. Well, listen, that's going to do it for this hour. The animal's child resource center in West Palm Beach again, Mr. Denny Abbott, the national director, 407 is the area code 833080. April's got the 1 o'clock Wiod News and then 105. Someone will come back. All right here, like a river. As here is the king. I don't have him in around much for a while, but I want you all to know what I've been in rock and roll ahead and all those thinking of you. This Christmas, and I have to give you all a special Christmas message. I know there's a priest. Like, uh, how about a little, please let him have a high-gone-bomb. Thank you. Hello, everyone. Welcome to the Christmas of the time of the hoot, time of joy, the time of the 11. And I share with a lover, take supplies that feature you got there. I can, but we're lost. No, we're lost. Oh yeah, Christmas. The Christmas to me means family. Family means plans. The plans means getting together and getting together means eating. I passed me that promise, they were just boys. Wow, thank you. I got my boy. I can't get my boy. Not just from the lady, you're right now. You know, I made me a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't nobody so big. You can't reach out to help in the hands. All right, helping our hand. Well, would you hand me a help in those mashed potatoes over there? It's pretty bloody. It's like, my God, I'm not. Now I'll help with playing. Ain't nobody so big he can't. Stoop to help with playing a new you know, with a holiday season. Speaking of season, we won't pass me that self-sugar when you get a chance. Like, yeah, just, just don't screw the color. That's right. Like, I don't know. So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a trip from old. Hey, old. Not all. Leave those steak chips right where they are. You know what I mean? You know, I appreciate it. Thank you. I want you to remember. Well, part of God's great big family. And you know, God made man into his own image. Look at the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big, big, simple thing. You know what I mean? I think you do. But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing. You know, all the home is Christmas. It's springing that popcorn up on the tree. Save a big big bowl for the can. Extra butter, don't know what I mean. I like it here. 107 at Wild. Mary Christmas, happy holidays. Boy, it is festive. It sure is. Okay, we got a color who called the animal center on one. Hello. Yeah, I do in the. Okay. I'm on a mobile. God, where I wanted to go and got me driving around here looking for places to talk to you. I got a chance to call up there. And I explained to this lady the answer to the phone. I got on the phone with them immediately after you gave out the number. And when they answered the phone, I asked for the gentleman and she said just one moment. As if he was there. Yeah. So I put on hold for some time. And then she came back and said, is this regarding the Neil Roger show? And then I had expressed to her what you said regarding the morning show. I listened to that power 96 in the morning. And I want to tell you, boy, they just don't leave anything to the American. I just do it. I want to understand. I want to understand. I don't find anything wrong with it. I'm not condemning them. But I'm just saying that everything is relative in what community broad can standards. I'll give you an example. Glenn was talking the other day about the fact that Channel 7, here to movie two nights ago, in which the F word and the S word, and all these, you know, four letter words in there. And they didn't even have a single complaint about the language. They had one complaint from some of you and it was about some, some innocuous thing. And I'm going to do with the language. Contemporary community standards are determined by these kinds of things, by what is accepted into community and what is broadcast day in and day out. And as far as these allegations about soliciting voice for sex over the airways, the only thing I can assume that anybody who writes this kind of thing after listening to this show would take that seriously has got a suffer from a very serious case of homophobia. Well Neil, what I got to say is, and I got news for you, if homophobia is going to enter into the relationship that I have with this radio station, you're going to be more lawyers involved. They're going to be more lawyers running it up and down the halls here than they've ever seen before. They think they've seen lawyers before just wait. Well, I'll tell you, I was going to say, you know, you've got the contract and, you know, I'm not going to tell you how to run your life, but it's just a question of principle. And I think this, uh, I've been with you long enough on the airways to realize that you have had enough crap put down your throat. You bet and I'll tell you what, buddy. I think that you just ought to dig in. I'm telling you, dig in because they are- I'm not just going to dig in. Well, I'm going to start striking back, because I've sat around like some kind of a whim for the last year and a half. I've allowed these mismanagement morons to intimidate and threaten and harass and hassle, and I got news for you. Okay? The numbers I've had on every station that I've been on this town have been bigger than anything else that they've had on the air or ever will have on the air, including the station that I just left. And if they don't want that and they don't want to succeed, hey, let them bring back a poll liar. Let them put on to build them a quick again. Let them find a board-up that can do a hell of a talk show and get a two-fiber a three. Well, you see, that's just- that's just our society. That's the American way. You see, everybody wants success without working for it. You see, that's going to make them realize a little bit uncomfortable and see, we should don't want that. We should don't want that. But one of the principles of war, Neil, and I can't quote who it's from, but the saying goes, that when you aggravate your enemy, attack, you strike, and you go after him. And I say, buddy, dig in. Go get it now. And to grasp it on your weight loss, I think you're doing a swell job. Thanks a lot. Good for you, buddy. Bye. I've lost my appetite for the rest of the week. I think I can probably through Christmas. It's 11 past one at WIOD, the Isle of and the Will, we're right along here. We have an open line in date. You see, I just didn't I say in a beginning, it just took good to be true. Didn't I say that? Honeymoon. Just a little, just too good to be true. Oh, yeah, no matter what you want, see, these are the people who make the decisions. And if they came to me and I said, hey, you know, that one thing you're playing at, it's just too far. Great. We'll take it. I will even rip up the car. We'll pull the tape out of the car. Sure. That hasn't been said. Or if they were to come in here, I wonder, you know, I just saw one of the morning twins walked down the hall there. I wonder if they give them this kind of stuff. Skipie. Okay, I wonder, I don't think he's coming back. Skipie, but I wonder if they do that because they play some stuff on there that, well, we may have borrowed it. Once or twice. And say some, but they do some pretty wild stuff over there. And again, that's fine. Oh, yeah. That's funny. Okay. I mean, this is 1888 for crying out there. All right. Almost eight. And we're supposed to be adults. And if we're going to turn this into a little peritannical douchebag backwater town, and we're going to start, you know, chasing people off the air because we want to twist and misinterpret although really again, the bottom line of this, it comes back to one word and that's homophobia. Okay. Because there were those people who could be accused of soliciting girls on here to and their humor could be twisted. But I guess that's okay. That's okay. Yeah, that's okay. That's fine. Mm-hmm. It is. But when we're dealing with terminal homophobic shots there who have nothing better to do in their lives than continue harassing and twisting and distorting, then we got a horse of a different color of a different gender. We have a gulding of a different something. It's one 13 in a WOL-IOD. And let's go to deer field. Hello. Hello. Yeah. What happened? I went out the lunch. I come back and what's going on here. Well, I don't want to go through a whole thing again. We got a copy of a letter. My general manager in his infinite wisdom left me a copy of a letter that was sent by the National Director of the Adam Walls Child Resource Center to the FCC, a protesting shock over what is on the this program. You got to be kidding. And in his opinion he suggests I solicited age boys for sex over the airway. I'm believe what the phone number up there. The phone number is area code 407 833 908O. All right. I'm calling him. I keep doing a good job Neil. Okay. Bye. And I'm going to say it again very very clearly. I'm not going to encourage harassment. Nasty behavior on the phone. Hostility. All I suggest that you do is call and let Mr. Abbott or his office know that He's been led down a garden path or he's leading Diane Killore in the commission down a garden path. And again, they got plenty of letters like this already. So the letter in and of itself doesn't surprise me. It's disturbing. It is a point. But it doesn't surprise me. But it's just the idea that I have a copy with another yet another reminder from the powers that be of what the business is all about. I'm going to tell you something and I probably shouldn't say it has been all seen anywhere because I don't really care anymore. I've taken enough of this crap for almost two years. What some of these people, some of these bureaucrats know about this business. I could put an offimble and have room for the Chinese army left over. Okay. I know the standards in this industry real well. And I know all the history in fact it was an April two years ago. You're in a half ago. We were doing a show out on the front lawn in WI and Zapre 16th when the FCC ruling the expanded ruling came down. We had the attorney. One of the FCC lawyers on the phone on the show. I tried desperately and as nice a way as I could to get him to explain to us exactly what the law is. What it really means. And he gave us such a even the late Al Kelly even Erwin Corrie couldn't give such a disjointed convoluted description of what the FCC ruling is. They don't even understand it themselves. But it is shocking to me to use that word again that there are those people who would be so stupid or so fulvic in one way or another as to take things they're obviously intended in humor and try to suggest that they're serious. That's the pathetic part and again a man who is in a position such as this, the National Director of the Animal Child Resource Center. And I'd like to see I'd like to have all those teenagers, all those boys who have been solicited for sex through this program. I'd like to have them come forward and be counted. I'd like to hear the names. I'd like to hear the dates and the vivid explicit descriptions of all these exciting adventures that I've had with them because I've been missing out on some. I haven't seen any either. I thought I was paying attention. Yeah. I've missed out on something much to happen in my sleep and it couldn't have been too exciting because I never woke up once. So I'd love to see some tangible evidence of the hallucinating the Mr. Abbott and some others have been going through. So far we don't find any. West Palm Beach, yellow. Yellow. Yellow. First of all, Merry Christmas, Neil. Merry Christmas to you sir. Whole whole whole whole. Merry Christmas. Thank you. Get off this kick that guy just trying to raise waves anyway. Got a question for you about Chicago WLS. Mm-hmm. Pick the on the. Yeah. Is he still around? Oh no, Dick beyond the. I mean he may be still around somewhere but I don't even know if he's still alive. I didn't know he's having gone from a quite a while just just curious. Maybe he might have known something. Well maybe somebody from the big city will know. I doubt it. I think he's bags on here. Yeah. Well we got one or two. Maybe one or two. But let that matter have it just go up there and write his letters. He's getting out better to do. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. One more thing. Yeah. I'd never mail a Delrey beach and I get up to you because sometimes I can't listen to you keep me going when I'm walking. Both you and Glenn do a fantastic job. Thank you. Have a good day. Okay. Bye bye. Okay, and Joyce, the show obviously must be a pervert or some kind of 170 and at Wild, we have an open light in Palm Beach. 655 9463 655 Wild. Yeah. I think today is D Day. It's a good thing this happened right before Christmas. Okay. I think today as far as I'm concerned is going to be D Day to a clock and they can make up their mind. And if they don't want to take the heat, I'll be delighted to go home and it can just send me a check every week. Are you following me? Yes. Because I'm not violating anything. Zero. And if they want to be real safe, I guess they should have left Bill McQuigunny. Okay. If they want to be real real safe, you can't get much safer than that. True. That's true. Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. As a parent of two children, they want to voice my support for you because my wife and I listen to your show every day. And we know we're coming from and I think these people are complaining about what I call bumper sticker Christians who are looking for an excuse that they turn their back on the homeless and hungry. Yeah. I didn't see any checking clothes with this from the Adam Walsh Rural Resource Center for Camilla Sons. I didn't see a check with a letter. Right. It's easy to scream about all this stuff, pornography or whatever. You know, things that you, it's just a lot easier. You know, like I said, to turn your back on the real problems and go for the things that I don't know how to explain it, but I think you know what I mean. I know. But anyway, I remember when I was on Wins one time we had the children's holiday funded Christmas time. We had a little contest among the talk show hosts and the so-called conservative ultra-right wing host who was no longer living but nonetheless couldn't raise a dime from his listeners. Okay. We raised thousands and thousands of dollars. I think it was about $30,000 in all of the rest of the tacos down the station and those right wingers man, like you say they got a big mouth, but they don't put their money where their mouths are. Yeah, they like their condition dog houses and stuff. Yeah, that's correct. Heck with the kids are starting. And they're very concerned about those unborn fetuses man, but the living they can drop the hell. I think they can go to hell. Anyway, my wife's visiting nurse and I just want to call her at the special part of the thing right now. Okay. I thank you. Thank you. Fine. Okay. It's 120. I mean, I'm saying it doesn't stop taking my son's in the prison. He's on this organ in his face. He's a thing stop in a mighty prison. He hears his travels way too tight. Hope for that he'll still make tonight. He keeps his briefcase in his lab for help you. That's a thing you found. All the girls in the office day today, hard on hard on. Big, my hard on. I'm going to punch your mates and make this go. I'm going to punch your mates and make this go. I'm going to punch your mates and make this go. Oh, done. Big, my hard on. Oh, my hard on. Oh, my hard on. But anyway, it's 130 a WIOD. Already? Yeah. It's fine. This last hour and five minutes or so is just a zoom by for me. Has it been good for you folks? Okay. Steve this afternoon. Now what's we have a little conflict there? Do you have the veterinarian? I thought that's now it's open today. See, you're spreading rumors in hard work. Fat and rage. There it is. No, that was originally on the calendar, but the puppy got sick or something. So it's open phones and Steve came to this afternoon. It would really be interesting to hear some real frank open discussion of some of the seeds have been planted in the past. It lead to today's activities on this program. But I'm not going to hold my breath. It's 131 and I want to tell you about something really exciting coming up this weekend at the melting pot. And of course, for the last, um, it's got to be here in a half at least now. I've been telling you about the fantastic fondue at the melting pot. This is one of the great restaurants in town. And a lot of fun waiting for you there. You get to dip your own right in the pot. Can I say that? Barely. Yeah, just barely. Probably get a mental one tomorrow. And, you know, dip and dunk. Now, I guess we better not say that. You can't have a bottom line because you've got your own stuff. Okay. They bring out the fondue and you dip your stuff in there. Fantastic. Now they're going to be open early on Christmas Eve at 4 p.m. That's Saturday, right? 4 p.m. And for the first time ever at the melting pot, they're going to feature a special holiday menu, which is going to include, listen to this, lobster and filetmanion fondue. I am mowning you in the background. Mowning in the morning as well as a super deluxe combination of lobster filet, chicken and shrimp. And so you and a whole gang, including your out of town guests who've never had the great joy of dipping and dunking at the melting pot, can just have a sensational time and had really a lot of fun and the great meal to the holiday season. Okay. We strongly suggest you make reservations because I have a feeling they're going to be really loaded. So be sure and call to make your reservations. Now, three melting pot locations. There are 344 South Military Trail and West Palm Beach. There are 9835 sunset drive in South Miami and there are West Apple Road just east of Pine Island in coral springs. All right, thank you. Okay, 1.34. Don't start. Don't start. 1.34 almost 1.35 at WIO. Dave, we got to call him Pemberg Pine, hello. Hello sir. How you doing? Great. How are you doing, Glenn? Okay. I just want to say the lower listeners on Taylor 4 when you're over there and I went away for a few weeks and come back to 29 each show in the morning and there's no more near Roger show. So I started checking around a thousand and I turned it to A.M., which I frequently doing and known behold your own shocking one. Well, it's good to have you know, I thought well, the around is gone and there's nothing to listen to and I really want to. Yeah, the music is, you know, I listen to my own music because music must have I don't agree with you. Yeah, sucks. I think it's a word you're looking at. Yeah, definitely. Also, I like to say it's great what you're doing for the homeless people because what my job, my mom are coming with and kind of with a lot of homeless people myself. And it's the great need to see how they look at lives, you know, and I have, I'm fortunate to have what I have and I do what I can to help them out because, you know, it's a sad situation. We've got people living on the street. Yeah. And I'm going to finish taking the committee's house. I have the address already. Great. And one question question to Glenn, if I get by May. Sure. I used to live in Lakeland and uh uh here we go. This is good balance going in. I'm a good son sweet. That's okay. Take your time. What? I want to know. What is that? And I'm like I'm a interference on it. Oh, yeah, just think up. It's an interference while I'm at. Okay. Kind of move around so I'm getting that. There it is again. Okay. I was just reminiscing about when I was living in Lakeland and I know Glenn is living in Lakeland. Uh huh. When I was a school, I used to uh whip our ass every day. And I'm the thing. Uh huh. So to speak. Yeah. I'm a good. Yeah. They cried and cram my brains with knowledge and were brought to the same time. Yeah. That Lakeland, church of the Immaculate whip I think over this was going on. Is that when you were a school in Lakeland? Lakeland, yes sir. Yeah. All right. It's playing a lot, doesn't it? It's playing a lot. Yeah. I don't know if I could do it. But uh you know, Anyway, you remember the res cliff? Did you ever go to the res cliff? Over on South Florida Avenue? We did not submit it. Uh huh. Another thing I've wrestling to. I don't need a damage. It's relaxing. I need help. Do you remember water burger? Sure. How about that? Yeah. Oh, you've had the wrong answer to that. Do you believe that? No, yeah. I sure that was a radio accident on this end. Usually then. Usually the radio accident happened on the other end. We got it on the other end. We got it on the other end. We got a present for the heart. We got a present. We got a present from the Halfpie standardized from Sherrian Johnson Thesa. Ridian left his men both. Mullen see that he got placed there goanies and yziezai There's no one in Cooley, but like in Ducked-off Luckily there Captain Day Heeys Well, there you have. There ain't no Sarp around But look in Duck-offs Available now is Pacley Wittner Why looks of best? When you can lick for breakfast, that's a little messed up. Okay, well there's something out of spice up your holiday for the um, you know it's family right? It's like they're listening to us over it's over it's in yeah. Well good. I hope they listen close. Does that I'm sure they can relate to us? God, they for the booth, the booth. And I think you have a very, I think you have a very funny show. It's funny show. It's funny show. It's funny show. And people who don't like people who don't like people who don't like people who don't like your humor. Check your humor, check your humor, check your humor, check your shit muscle. You shit muscle, you shit muscle. You shit muscle. Well, you know the bottom, well, you know the bottom, well, you know the bottom, well, you know the bottom line is when a hiring line is when they hire you to do a job They know exactly what it is. You know, I mean if they haven't listened to you before then they shouldn't hire you. Obviously I didn't come from Poccipsy and I didn't come from Chicago where Cleveland. I came from right here. I've been on a year 13 years in his market. And so they know what I do on here and they've heard it a lot. I can assure you that. I'm sure a lot of people in this building were closet listeners anyway. So, you know when they hire you and they put you on the air, you know, I said to them when I came here, let's set the ground rules up front. I said that over and over here. Let's let's find out exactly what you want. If there's anything that's even questionable, let's just forget it. I don't know. This is great. That's fine. You know, fine. But don't keep waffling and equivocating every other day because you're changing your wonder under where that's their problem. Okay. And a one thing that really ticks me off about this business is the way that talent gets abused like sunny. Okay. Now, sunny Fox is a good guy. Okay. We joke with him a lot and about his phone calls the talk shows. But sunny is a good guy. I mean, a guy's got a hearted goal. He came in here and gave that check last week for a thousand bucks. And I matched it for Camilla sauce. And I told him on the phone yesterday. I said, you know, I really give you credit more than anybody. Because it was after we did that that the response just went crazy. You know, I mean, it just would took off like crazy. And I think that the fact that we both showed we were going to put our money where our mouths were. Men's something to a lot of people out there and added a lot of credibility. And he has gotten screwed over over there. So badly his ratings are great. He's a good guy and, you know, that's this business man. These people in management they ought to be putting some kind of a camp somewhere. Yeah. And I'd be more than happy to be the one with the electric prod. You know what I'm saying? With that number again out there. It's area code 407. 833.908. Okay. And I want to say this also. We got to call it our front switch for it. I don't know if it was legit or not. But it's from somebody claiming to be the attorney for Mr. Abbott or the resource center up there. And if, you know, again, the same kind of stuff that Steve got today he was talking about the condos up there. And if you don't just stop having people call you'll hear from us, well, I don't care if we hear from them or not. Because they are a agency that is funded by public funds. Their telephones are there to be used by the public. And if they're going to go off and try to interfere with another business, which is us, a private business. And try to interfere with my livelihood that I've got every right to get my callers to call them in a respectful way. I'm not encouraging any disrespect and try to make them understand that they're totally misinformed about this program. Yeah. I agree. And if they're not misinformed and they're twisting the truth if they're intentionally doing it, that makes it even worse. Yeah. Okay. Now, well, keep it up. I enjoy your show. Thank you. Bye-bye. Oh, God. 141. Happy holidays. I'm so flored from your friends at WIOD. All of the brains there. It's like a festival in here today. But can I see somebody come, would you go and look in my mailbox to see if she's stuck something else in there? Because if she did, I'm going to lock the studio man. We'll keep keen out of here. We'll go to six. Anyway, it's 142 at WIOD. You know, everything has been so great. What is this? The end of the seventh week? Well, we were curious how long the honey would be going to be out with last week. How long it would last before they started in? It was six weeks. Messing all over themselves. You know, we found out. We were wondering about then. See, I don't, I mean, I graduated kindergarten a long time ago. I don't know about anybody else in a building. But I graduated long ago. And I don't need daily reminders. You know, how do you used to get like the weekly reader and all those other, look? I don't need that. I know exactly what's going on. I know better than anybody, what's going on. And where it's coming from and how it's happening. Okay. Nothing in there. Simpty hands. Okay, we're going to let fat rich finish the show. But I won't be necessary. And here's somebody in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. My name is Bill. I'm a first time caller. Hi Bill. 25 years old. Yeah. I just called up there. Asked to speak to the man. They said that they would take a number and wondered what it was about. And I asked them if they were if he was in fact speaking for the foundation. Yeah. Where if he was using the letterhead to further his own feelings? Yeah. It's on the letterhead, by the way. So that's basically it. What did they say? They said they took my name and my number, which I gave them freely. And he said that they would call back with an answer from him. Okay. Okay. Well, keep me posted. Hey. Great show. Keep it up. Well, behind you. Thank you. Bye. 143 At WI at M in the Adam walls child resource center. You know, and this is not the first time this has happened with them. That's correct. We had other correspondence that's later from them. And I thought they had been straightened out. I mean, they received I know for a fact they received a personal phone call. And it was explained to them what the show was all about. And you know about the humor and whatever else. And evidently that's not good enough. And again, to think that the man evidently, I can only assume because he says he's listened to several of the shows on tape. But it's never heard the show. So I am sure that what he's talking about is he's heard select excerpts on tape. Would you have been sent to him? Palm Beach, yellow. I knew. Yeah. Okay. Well, I first asked the sport just man back in October because I went back to school. We had an FAU. I'm going and I didn't work out my master's slides. I'll try just one of because this is an area that I was into. And I thought to the man, he's a pretty star man. And when I tried to explain to him these figures, which I know as far as he abused children, like 98% are actually abused when it comes to their family environment. Yeah, that's correct. People are not abused by strangers. We're talking maybe 1% of these people are really abused. And a man wanted to change subjects. And I don't know whether he's homophobic or not. I don't know if that's his problem. But when I hear all these people worrying about what you're what he's saying to phone, it's really aggravating. Well, it's a radio show. You know, I've said that a million times. And as I said, the fact that there are those people who would like folks in the audience to believe that I'm serious and that I am of, you know, that foolish that I'm going to troll for a sex on the air, they've got to be really doing it. Psychiatric health because I mean, nobody except the most idiot. I mean, unless you just don't want to work, unless you're a fool, you just don't do those things. Okay. And this is not my first week in the business. I've been doing this a long time. Well, let these people who are really concerned, look at any of their government's picks. I just need talking. They can, if it's a government agency, they can fight out. The children who are abused, the males who are abused, they're abused by family members. For the most part, 98% may be even 90%. So when they go to use and you and I mean, and what you're doing is on, it's, well, if Mr. Abbott has got any, any, underage people or other people who've been abused by me, then let him bring him forward. I'd like to know who they are. Yeah, I loved it, who they are. Well, just hang tight, you know, and I'm going to say it again, the special prosecutor for the governor, which is a total wasted taxpayers money, and I can't talk about the background of how that was all instigated, but the special prosecutor thought absolutely nothing. Yeah. Okay. Will you been through enough? I mean, most people are, let me tell you, sir, I have been through more than enough, okay? I've been through more than enough. Yeah, well, everything. And today is the day it stops. And if I have to come on a year tomorrow for four hours and talk about the entire background of this, if that's the only recourse I have, I'll do it. I'll do it. And they can bring Bill McQuick back to do tend to too. I don't care. Okay. Yeah, well, it's nice to have my check with Bill Thompson. And I was very aggravated when I first heard his dry thought to stop and end up up here. But up in Palm Beach, Todd, you know how it is. Will you rub here a couple of years on your friend who knows more, we ought to talk a couple of times while we're exploring the past. Yeah. No, we know where, where we're coming from. Okay. Man, you take care of yourself. Thanks a lot. Yes. What the hell is going on here? I turned my back for 12 hours and I'll have it. Is turning your back is not something you're doing this business. Let's just put it that way. Can I take a look at these letters and memos? Well, first of all, I have a very fascinating letter here, which refers generally the same thing, which, you know, is another story. But this is a letter that really, and it's not only the letter, it's the comments on it because I have had conversations with the powers that P, B, the last couple of days and made it very clear, very clear that I'm going to do the show. And every time you think you have an understanding, you get another reminder that we have a responsibility to do this and do that. It's not to do this and not do that and I'm not interested in that. Okay. This is not my first job in a business. Are you reading the letter? I read the letter. You know. Yeah. And of course we know where this comes from, but I can't, I mean you could discuss it on your show. I cannot discuss it. Why don't you come? Well, I know where. I mean everybody knows where it comes from. I don't think that's that's the issue. Well, you know, you gave it a lot of time of out of year ago, you're in a half ago on your show, the one side of it. I think the audience deserved, got into this station, deserved to know the other side of the story and what is transpired since that. Of course, that's a management decision. And they may, you know, get another cart in the pan per se out if you're even suggested you were going to do that. But I think they've got to write to know. This has gone far enough. Well, I have a lot of thoughts about this that I was going to share with you in private. I'm not sure I want to do it over the airway. I mean, you know, we have a common interest here. And I have found, I based on what I'm reading there, the these letters, you know, coming all the time. I mean, different versions of them pertaining to my show as well. Oh, I understand that. I don't know why to say that, but I just want to get, not just the copy of the letter itself, would it, would it have been okay? I wouldn't have been surprised by that. But then would the reminder again on here again? I don't think I need to be reminded. Okay. I think we have some people overreacting getting extraordinarily nervous and showing us that they're not quite as courageous or sure of themselves as I would say. I would say it's based on them on them. Not so much on the letter, but on the memo that's attached to it. I think management of this station is a lot more on your side than on my side than I think you're feeling right now. And I think it's management's job to write memos and write notes. And I think they know that. And I think they, you know, there are memos. I've been getting memos and notes since I've gotten here under a couple of different administrations. And I've had some differences in terms of programming with the wise. We've set down. We've talked about it. There, you know, we've come. I have no problem with that. But I have no problem with that. But I don't think, I think you are, again, I'm trying to put this, you know, and I think management's a lot more with you than you may think at this point. I mean at this point, I'm here with the point. That's not the point. That's not the point. I don't think that we need to take a year and a half of this crap. And they certainly were well aware of it when I came here and I made them extremely aware of the fact that it was not going to stop. Okay. And when you receive another, yet another copy. And you notice who it sent to the general counsel of Miss Hillary, who's one of those right wing and we understand that all that is about, and I agree with you that that is, you see, I don't think my, I, all I'm saying is on the bottom line. I think that management is, I think a lot of what you're reacting to has to do with what you went through a Zeta. And I think because of the, and I was a hard job. But when you see it starting to happen again, see, I've looked at it. Okay. I understand. And when you, when you, when you, when you, when you, you experience it, it starts out at one point and then it continues progressing. You have to nip it in the bud. You can't agree with that. I don't think there is anybody in this business. I really mean it whether it's Howard or anybody who is prepared for the ongoing day and day out. I agree with you. I agree with you. They're jobbing your life that I have gone through for the last year and a half. I agree. But I think the only mistake you're making is in equating these people with Zeta because I think in fact you suggested off the air that you and I go out with the Mike and Spikons sit down. And you know, I don't think there is the problem with management here that you, you know, that you're feeling at this point. I think that they're going to work with you. And I don't think they're going to support you. And I think they appreciate what you bring to this station. And I don't think they're going to jeopardize that. And they already have. I think you're, I think you're, I think you're overreacting to their feelings about it. I mean, I don't think there is, I think there are a lot more support of of you than you think. And I think when you sit down or if we sit down with them, I think they're going to tell you that. And I think that's the good news. I mean, I, it's obviously to be in an adversary situation with management is not a good situation. I don't think you were in that situation with these people. I think Mike and Bill Wiser with you. I think they're in your corner. I think they're going to support you. I think when push comes to shove with Mr. Jerk who's, you know, involved in, in promulgating all this stuff. I think they're on your side and then I'm going to take it. And I think my reading of that memo is it's fairly innocuous. I mean, I think, oh, thank you. I'm just trying to help. You know, I'm on your side. I mean, guy, I mean, you know, your freedom is my freedom. You understand that. And so I, you know, when I, what was this from? What is that? On the facts machine, please deliver. Neil, you're not soliciting. You might be a pervert on occasion. I've never heard you soliciting. Miami's upper yuppers. Thank you for this Puerto Camila sauce without with your help. We're helping. Hang tight, mellow, I love the show. Facts. PS tele audience to stop the duck remarks. The guy's name is Glenn. And then it has an attachment which says younger, or should be obscene and not her. Oh, that's cute. Or is that what the memo says? The, I'm the fact, I, I did not say the. Anyway, Toyota of Hollywood like to have a WIOD. So anyway, it's 155. Society from that, what's new at WIOD? Not in the wake of your show yesterday. And I couldn't agree with you more because, you know, a lot of times I disagree, but you know, the fear that was made over this poor guy in sunrise who went out and did what was on that really, which is, and then that jerk that calls you, well, why do you think it should be legalized? It's been legal for so long and every Western year and every civilized country except this immature juvenile country where we just can't grow up and accept sex is a normal part of every day life. We just have to be, you know, on the one hand, you see it everywhere you look on television. They're running around in the nude and they're using the words now and everything else. But on the other hand, outwardly, we have to put on this puritanic latitude because America's so afraid of it, you know, the S word. It's like, as you have who is Lenny Bruce. I don't want to be riding home yesterday was thinking about that. And it doesn't matter what you do, but you can't say the word. That's right. To say, mass fight on the news on Channel 4, they showed clips from this meeting. They haven't heard about it. Were he resigned? Yeah. And I'm going to tell you, if you could have seen these net, now they weren't all old, but the majority in sunrise, you can imagine they look like the useless grandmother in drag and they were carrying on enough venom. You could see it in their faces, they hate like, well, I weren't nailing somebody now, you know, and he's this center in this terrible executive. Yeah. The worst. And that's what really breaks your heart because like I said, if Jerry Studts, oh, I had been a representative from Florida, I don't think he'd be in a Congress anymore. You know, we went back to Massachusetts and they re-elected it. I mean, he gets re-elected every two years. They don't care about his sex life. That's not important. We were listening when Mayor Hoffman called him and said that not only has he never engaged in any activity like that, but he's impotent. But, oh no, that was the imposter. That was great. I didn't know where to put on until he said that. But, when the real mayor of Illinois was so surprised though. But the guys lived in sunrise all this long and rubbed on. Well, I would be. I was surprised that the candor, that's what made me realize this couldn't be a politician. No politician. But the thing is not only has he never did anything like that, but I gotta tell you, they have a great mayor out there in sunrise. He has no skeletons and this closet he has never in his place. He's in here. He's dead down. Anything wrong or anything right. He's never done anything period. Which is why he's the mayor of sunrise. What a place that is. Do you hear the guy called up and it should me out for bringing up the question of how many times last year George Bush masturbated? Ooh, you never heard that? No. No, it was great. What we're talking about, you know, being candid in government? What was the answer? I, we don't know, answer. That only you have didn't call in? No, no, no, no. But I didn't mean in disrespecting me to point that I'm trying to make is that we all do things that you don't perhaps speak about in the course of a political debate. And that doesn't make them wrong or evil, but it's just we've been so brainwashed and conditioned against sex in this culture. The things that are natural like masturbation. God forbid you should get up and say, well, I did it 200 times last year. I mean, you'd never be elected to anything. People aren't prepared for that kind of honesty. Even though they may have done it 250 times, you know, not in sunrise. Not in sunrise. Listen, they did it three times in sunrise. They wrote it on a calendar. They wrote it on their diary. What's the country's Sweden or some country that elected a porno star to Italy? Italy, Italy, to a different country. It will be known. Yeah, and see the difference? Yes. Incredible difference. I've great story with Chickalena when we were traveling in Italy two years ago. I went to a porno movie in Italy. She was in it. And there was definitely a profound difference between a tag in porno and American porno. She had the most incredible 20 minutes scene with a horse that I had over any way. Oh, that was a lot. It was a lot. So, ended 60 seconds ago. That was part of an extended scene show today. And I've part in the use of the word extended. It was a particular part of the program. Have a wonderful day. I know I certainly am looking forward to a cine-lating afternoon. It's going to be one of the greatest in my life. And, you know, well, somebody will be here tomorrow at 10. I think Bill McQuig is going to be returning tomorrow at 10. On 610 WIOD, have a great life.