Number one knows more about ratings than any man in South Florida. Okay, well, let's put you up immediately. Hello Congratulations on your anniversary. Hey, here's the gentleman the fan to him who is missing yesterday yesterday, but I appreciate you're calling and I guess I want to wish you happy anniversary 12 success four years. Thank you so much Lee, it's a good time to hang it up, isn't it? Why push my luck now? Not at all. You've got you've got other mountains to climb. Yeah, I know you're gonna be like the suit of these two or six one when this book is over. I'm serious. Boy, you're in a dream world, babe. No, no, absolutely not. You've been hanging out with fruit cake again Lee. I think so. Absolutely not. And you are also also turned out to be quite a profit because you've predicted the downfall of WIMV. Didn't I really? Yeah, I've been saying that while listening, you have to be a genius while you got to do his turn and on and listen for ten minutes and you know immediately the story there. Well, you know, Gary Lawrence has two two options open. He can fire mark you and or he can wait till his successor comes in and fires mark you. Oh, now that was an interesting now that was a profound statement, ladies and gentlemen, I want you to analyze that. I want you to think very carefully. That was an interesting way that you put lead that out for us. Then go ahead to lead Mr. Kuhn, destroyed WIOD and he's doing the same thing with I and like I said, he's a nice guy like if he would set up a hotdog stand a subreds. No, no, seriously, I really mean like I said the other day because when you see Mark, you really feel a lot of sympathy for him and everybody even if they were full if they had just eaten, they would still pull over and say, come on, let's buy a couple of hotdogs from Mark. He'd probably make some serious bucks doing that. What is the two-world? God only knows he keeps tinkering and tampering with success. In fact, haven't you heard me in the past say the slogan on this place is mess with success? When I was doing a nine share, they were messing around. Oh, you shouldn't do this. It doesn't bother. You had almost a 10 share of 25.54. I know. And now they're down to a two four. I know, well, that Dr. Votz boy, he's really performed. He's performed quite a lobotomy on that audience, has he? And stand sounds just, you know, he just sounds so full of despair. Yeah, well, hopefully they's gotten rid of all these chronic hangers out. He might make a little, he might bounce back a little. Well, while he was pulling around, of course, as you mentioned, King has made his move. Oh, yeah, here we go. Here he is, ladies, gentlemen. No, public defender of citizen cane, public defender number one, you got to be 25% of the audience. Wait a minute, can I say something to you? Yeah, as a as a a a stout radio observer of the passing broadcast scene, you must realize that these rolling numbers include months that are going to disappear. Now, the IOD November and December goo stop exaggerated dolphin months are going to disappear when January, February, March, or left to stand all on their own. You following me, Lee? And I have a feeling that the incredible, the overstated, especially, renewing the morning and Mr. Pain in the afternoon. You're going to see, you're going to see some regression there, come February, okay? When the February numbers come out. I'm predicted on your show. I mean, Michael, assistant was going to take over the dominance of AM talk. I got news for you. Wait, wait a minute, wait a minute. My statement is going to take over the dominance of AM talk. Let's get out to Montevati records. He's the one they call for the Oprah show. He's the one. Wait a minute, when I turn them down, he's the one that they call. Okay, I turned down the Oprah show. I've turned down crossfire three times. We encourage them to call him, okay? Because the guy's going to ego bigger than Mount Everest. So let's feed it. When people, you know, nationally, think of talking this market, they think it's okay? No, I hate to break the news. Do I really do, but I think that you're leaving somebody out, okay? I'm talking about AM. Oh, AM. Absolutely. I'm tired. I am. I am the team far and away. The number one radio personality in this whole market. Yeah, you say that again, Lee. The number one ready person out in this whole market. Okay. Without eight down. You're on the shadow of a doubt. Well, how come then Steve has this problem? Okay. Why does he want to admit that? Why is he so paranoid and petty and jealous? He's making a lot of money. He's got no show over there. He doesn't have to work too hard because they don't have time for any show. He's bringing back the same boring guests and contrived controversy and yet you continue to be public defender number one of the party. I mean, Michael the Sisto, the Jahaomas witnesses. Look what scientific creationist wrestlers. Look, let's give me a couple more predictions. Oh my god. Couple more predictions. Good. Okay. Jeff Charles will be gone in June. Well, won't that be great? Now who's going to be doing that show? Sit down for this one. Okay. Mike Miller will return. Oh, all right. He will continue his thesis on whether New Coke or O'Llco. You beat me in the punch that was going to be my next question. That was going to be my very next question. Are you drinking Jerry Coke or regular Coke? caffeine free or with? And, you know, that will just add to the, they call him some of the weather station now. I don't know if you've caught that. Yeah, they sure are. Have the question is whether anybody is listening to us? Hey, look at this. Lee is coming up with lines. He's coming up on the air. If you would have come up with these while you're on the air, baby, it's still be over there. Dale, if I was, uh, whomever against you, I didn't have a chance. That's true. I didn't have a chance, but I enjoyed the fight. You notice it's interesting when Alice has any competition. He crumbles under the pressure. You notice that? At least he is really one of the victims of all of these changes. And I mean, that's in theory. I like how very much he said, nice guy. But, you know, he's in the two is the two five. Yeah. What do they do to help them? They add more business shows. They add more news, more traffic. And not only that, but the signal has dissipated so badly. Now that I really, some days I wonder if they're on the air, just faking it. Yeah, that's right. And if they weren't, no one wouldn't, no one would notice right. Right away, here comes the guy who fills our machines and a kid's now. What if he brought any home and talk? I'm telling you, I kind of, Dave looks pretty goeished it to me, I doubt it. By the way, Mr. Fowler, it's a diet Coke no caffeine, just for the record. Okay. I had Coke no caffeine. And what about the rumor that Ed Till God forbid is going to be doing mid days at IOD? Well, that rumor persists a contract was sent to him, but he started to find somebody to explain what it means to him. Yeah, I believe that. Maybe he can call, maybe he can call John Levitt up in Palm Beach and John can interpret it for him. Other exciting, you know, another exciting news is that Tom Lycus is very unhappy and scenic. Really? Well, let's bring him back here. He can do another photographic dating show. He's no longer the program director. In fact, when he comes back here, he won't have to buy a house. He can just be one. There's the other night at Aventura. Someone I put on a few pounds. Have you really? And somebody came up behind me and thought I was Debbie Ellis. I mean, I'm not a total diet right now. I hope they didn't come behind you too closely. If you don't understand. Listen, it's really refreshing to hear from you and keep in touch as they say about things. Obviously, there are a lot of changes coming in his mark. Absolutely. And again, you know, if you're willing to do aftertunes with Stan, there's hope for him, but other than that. Good luck to him. Yep. See you later. Thanks, Neil. Congratulations. And again, happy anniversary. Thanks a lot. What a great guy, huh? You bet. He's a great guy. How that he's not on here anymore. He was on the air. He was kind of a smuck, but now that he's off the air. He's ready to watch. With material 751 now at Zeta and last Saturday, it's broadcast of the top five female figure skaters at the Olympics, including the highly hype showdown between East German, Katerina Wit and the US's Vitt Vitt. That's right. She's German. Yeah, she's German. You're right. It was between Vitt and Debbie Thomas was the most watch and not this story. This was the most watched half hour of Saturday night TV in more than a decade. What is that, Tanya? Is that Tanya how bored the American pubic is? Good. I'll get out of here. Yeah, get out of here. There's winner Olympics with a ice skating in the final half hour pooled in a 60 share rate. This is the highest share on a Saturday night since the 1977 Roots telecast according to ABC and almost top world Federation wrestling almost. Yeah, just barely missed out. Channel 10 had great news yesterday, although the winner Olympics ratings down here generally run about five day percent lower than the rest of the country. They were still very hot and Saturday nights Thomas Vitt face off got a 52 share in Miami. What does that tell you about? What a hot town this is on a Saturday night. Also, they had a huge rating victory for their newscast in the local February sweeps in both the NealSons and Arbitrons WPG one every newstime period. And that says something else about the people in this market. The NealSons, the station had a yearings though watch. The station had a 12.6 at 5pm compared to Channel 7 7.6 for live at 5 and Channel 4 at 530 got an 8.6. So Channel 10 is the choice for news. By the way, Robins Stevens is there going to be renaming the noon. What you though, I'm gonna admit it for a minute. I've got a gift for you here. I'll Neal Rogers. This is your life. Excuse me. I can't talk to him. Do you remember this person? Hello Neil. Do you remember me? I was your first caller 12 years ago on your first radio show. You still owe me a Wondermark. And I still think what in hiding was the best present we ever had. Don't hang up on me. I just want to say happy 12th anniversary and may you live to be another 12 or something like that. You don't even know what you're talking about. Happy happy new goodbye. I think it's a shame that a person with your capabilities can't behave yourself because I think you have so much joy for the community if you just stay in line. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. In spite of it all. Why can't you stay in line? That's the best present in patient. I like standing online honey. By the way, we've had such an incredible response from our new York friends. This is walking there. This morning. All I've crap I played from WABC. I thought we'd have an outcoring. If you ever put it through in here. This is exciting. There it goes. I can't believe it like magic. Right, Mike? Right, Mike? That's absolutely correct. Where's the difficult getting in such a huge... I know. That's because we're so popular. Guys, certainly our popular. I just wanted to say thank you for listening last night. Oh, we're calling up and telling you about what went on. And you just think to be unemployed again. You're not unemployed. Now this wasn't your job. Come on. Looking for a season. Not even on the year anymore. Looking for sympathy. But no, I think it is pretty rude. They send you on your way. You've been in a market for 13 years now. And of course, anybody who ever listened to Mike would never believe that. But anyway, about 13 years in a business and Mike's a good friend and a great humanitarian. Oh, seriously, you've done a lot of really good things. And he gets pre-empted for Ethel Blum, the total nerd brain without travel show. Oh, no. Oh, no. Are you serious? That's serious. And then Steve Conway from 10 to 2. Steve Conway. The guy that sounds like a little boy. I think they, uh... Oh, I got here. The stock reports. I think they have the memo. My daddy just lost 8 million in the stock market. I think the memo is in the atrium someplace. You've got to be kidding me, man. This market, he's going to turn an AM in IOD all over again. You know, like a nightmare. The all of dementia. I know that we don't share the same audience. WINZ, the Zeta, but I just want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to say goodbye to everybody. Well, the children of the parents, in other words, the people of LISTEN EIRSUR are listening to this one. Uh, maybe they can tell their kids that they remember when. I know, seriously, what's your the best and I know you'll show up somewhere real quick. And, uh, you know, as I said to you last night on the phone, in all seriousness, uh, you know, why go down with a Titanic, right? You know, that's just a little bit. It could be nice to have a weekend for a change. You know, you know, the two days is the rather than one and the best to you and go and and Captain David, I will continue to listen. Great. My guy, well, I want to thank you before you go for that strawberry cake. That was really a good show. And although I don't think you'll be delivering any more of those. It was kind of like a, that might have been the other straw that broke the camel's back. Yeah, it's not. I'll try very that broke the cuttings with the enemy. I don't know. That'll be it. Yeah. Listen, take care. That's all. Best luck, Mike. Bye, bye, bye. Mike Spendell, who and it will no longer be heard on WINTA, because they're making moves now over there that are just mind bogged. I think, and mark you, man. I told you, leave it to Mark in in a few months. You can turn that place into a parking lot. See, that you make these predictions. It's eerie because they all come true. I can tell in you that, you know, you're psychic. If I already put this away, man, I'm so far, you can't have played a twice. We played, feel like, you can love twice. The nice bow. You too. Bye, bye. Bye, boy. 630 on Zeta 4, I beg your pardon. Can I play that, this was 24 hours ago, that this happened on the road? No, wait a minute. What are you going to do? Well, it's song. You can't play it. It's edited out. Oh, okay. Go ahead. This is great. Okay, 620, 3600 and one open line in Broward at 779, 3600. Oh, sorry. How was that all about? Maybe you can't say. How was that all about? Can't say that. I can't say that again. But I don't know if I don't know who is not in the pot. I'm sorry. What was that? Is that his contribution to the show for the week? Yeah. That was his contribution. Well, I can't, I heard it start to come out. I thought, no, that's not going to be the same. You got it. Sure, easy for you to say. Yeah, that was great. Okay, a little history, a little radio history there. Yeah, radio history. A moment that will live in infamy in the anals of broadcast history, boys and girls at 631 on Zeta 4. And the kind of interesting that Cooper City is still not checking in with us. You think that embarrassed? Do you think they're conspicuous by their parents? Yeah, well, we ought to hang their heads in shame. I mean, they're wonderful kids, but she's to be so dumb as to come on the ear and announce skip day. So I find there's a Cooper City on fire. Oh, is there really? I wonder if it could be Alan? Hello. Hello. Hello. God, it's Harlan. Yeah, my voice sounds like crap. I don't worry about it. What's the matter, Harlan? What's going on, man? How come your voice is all scratchy, Harlan? Uh, I told you, you went away and I guess you'd get that too much of a good time, you know? Oh, did you really? Yeah, yes, sir. What do you mean you went away? Got into a bearer, some self? People think Cooper City, I can't have a world trip. For what? You know, for the audience can rag on them or ask many questions that they want to have. I hope you're not good. That's a good idea. We'll bring them in here one of these days. If he's agreeable to it, see, I ordinarily don't like those asked the program directive things because they're corny and they're just the stupid. Well, I 100 does. Well, yeah, maybe if we ever get a 10-year-old program directly like why 100 he would. I love those commercials. There's this a great thing we call and we ask you what you want to do. Well, the other reason I don't have reason I like the commercials is there are a couple of people in the spots who are really interesting, but you only see him very briefly. Yeah. You know what I mean? Okay, listen, have a great day. All right, Neil. See you later. I'm sure it has. It's been good for you. All calc in Asia. All right, thank you. Okay. We got some Asia. I can say, Bury, we don't play Asia on this station, do we? We've got three cuts, but we don't play him, do we? We do. I don't know the past few weeks, but months ago. Uh-huh. Are they right next to the David Lee Roth cuts? Just tell me, okay. They'd count me, hello. It gets to the important stuff. Why does this? Um, tell me, if you days ago, you talking about the ratings, how much did you beat GTR by? Let's see. We had a four one and they had a three one. On which age group? That's 12 plus and in 25 to 54, we had a five six and a out of four two. Yeah, we destroyed him. We walked him out. The same second or was there somebody in the time? Oh, they weren't second and we're even close to being second and we're a bunch of stations in between. Are you talking, you know, like, while 100, are you talking to stations that nobody would listen to? Like, what's that? You, you like you? What are we talking about? No, no, no, I'm talking about stations like Y100 and Waxi and um, gloves 94. They're way down the line. Oh, yeah, GTR is on a flat spin man. They're dropping like an atomic bomb over Hiroshima. I'm telling you think the reason is because the other is really, you know, others and yourself. They're the only ones that have any to me and he, uh, those are the other. But they don't do anything. They're never on. All they do is and got a jukebox over there. I don't think they're funny to begin with to be honest with you. Come this way to a funny. Well, what's in a great while, but I mean, who wants to listen for four hours and, you know, hoping on a wing and a prayer that today we might hear something entertaining. Yeah. But they're, they're just not on. They got a jukebox, you know, and they have that stupid promo that says, our hermenemic being and music in the morning, what a novel concept, which is basically like saying, you know, they're hanging around here, but we're playing a ton of music. The reason they're saying that basically, you know, the sound that you've come on and turn to talk basically, yeah, Joe Reynolds and... Well, yeah, see, but Joey, of course, is going to be on to their soon. Unfortunately, we like him to stay forever, but that just can't go on forever. And she is playing more music. They're making Joey play more music. You got to bring back Jim, you're Steve. Who? There's guys there before there was Jim. Jim, he is. Jim, he is Steve. I mean, get, you have a death wish for them all together, don't you? Those guys are bad. Yeah. Oh, how did you hear us about the number? They're not, they're not as zany as Joey is. So how far are you? Everybody else, where are you? In one. One, the closest person to you. In one, in 25 to 54, we tied with Sonny, had a five six. We were number two in the market. CMQFM, the Spanish language beat us, but in English speaking, we were tied for 1st with Sonny with a five six. And then there was a lot of people right behind like I think I don't have it in front of me, but I think Waxy had about a five five and gloves had a four seven and GTR had a four two and... They're talking about the GTR, he wants to put that with. GTR is beginning to hurt and she is dead in water and were slowly but surely making some inroads, you know? I was just curious. Okay. See you later. Bye. Bye. Boy. In other words, he's whipped so to speak, right? Yeah, listen, I saw an adding some of these Miami-Heroes in the classifieds. Yeah? Or babysitters for girls only, but the number was 624, 9400 between the hours of 2 and 6. Oh, no! Oh, no! It's a bottle. No, it's a put on, obviously, it must be from the same people in Kendall who put the other stuff in the high school results in the sports section. Must be. Oh, has dwindled in my life yet, or is he still just hanging out? He's still floundering, you know? No, he's a bleep, that's all blum-ass. Who is dead? A total traveler from K-18. When I first went to K-18, she was on the weekend, the travel-yenton. Yeah, she's been trying to get on over there. When I was working over there, it was incredible. Yeah. She was trying to get on. He's also going to plant you on the weekend now. Up your plants or something like that. So congratulations, Marc, you'll let's hear it from Marc or Tommy coming to see into a parking lot in less than five months, so. That way, we got the total travel, the total traveler, the hassle blum. And do we have the up and the plant, man, and Rusty nail, don't think it'll be a Rusty. When we're going to start doing you and your swimming pool, Rusty, my pipes are a little bit messed up Rusty. Rusty. Do you think there's some color like he's sound asleep? It's the three minutes till six on Zeta 4. Now, let's give those numbers out it's a Friday morning. And I would suggest you if you're listening to the show in a car right now, any kind of a vehicle, we're doing our own little survey here. In fact, we hired away the program director from Y100 that 10 year old kid. And he's out there counting headlights. So turn on those headlights, flash and real nice now. And that'll indicate to everybody around you that you're listening to Zeta 4. Okay? That's spot that they are running is the most insipid stupid thing. Have you stopped and really thought about what it says? Oh yeah. Now, they won't play the same record twice in an hour. I think that's not what he says. He says you won't hear the same song every hour. Now, what does that mean? Can you explain that to me? It means what I just said that they won't play the same song twice in one hour. That's what it means. But that's not what he are you knowing this? I know. He says we won't play the same song every hour. That's what it means. Yeah. Now, you are aware that this entire series of spots, you know, there's sequels, right? They asked for your input, then they come back and, you know, they've taken your input. Now here's what they're going to do. How many of you Zeta, you might meet Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach, is it's 558s? Yes. Well, these were all done at the beginning. That's what my point is. These were all done at the beginning. They were all done at one time. You are aware that. Speaking of what? Nothing. Did you have an idea there? Yeah, that's okay. Okay, be moody and all that kind of stuff. I can't help it. I was going to let you play it. Are you sure? Del later. Okay. Oh, that's good. Now he's turning his own pot down. You hear that? That sounded really good. Are you going to talk into that mic that's up on the ceiling there? Well, now we're going to make a pledge too. Okay, we're not going to play the same song twice in one hour. Okay. You think Rose Folger is already in the car with our fastest sympathizer general manager? We could only buy 59. Okay. Now let me ask you a question. When it gets to be like six o'clock, like couple of seconds afterward, would that be not playing the same song twice in the same hour? Absolutely correct. You absolutely got to see that's what they're going to do kids. And why 100 they're going to play like Michael Jackson some real wimpy Michael Jackson recommended about four minutes of the hour. And then they'll come on with some big ID and a whole big song in advance. And then they'll play it again at like a minute after the hour. Also you can have Captain Dave do his big ID here. Yeah. And that's a good idea. Yeah, and then you could play it right after. Maybe I should play because it is kind of what you're talking about. Is it good? Well, it's an air check that we got from Y100. I think so. Oh great. Let's hear that. I can't wait. Getting to the top of the hour with funny socks on, say the floor WCTA. My Vs for a lot of out of the farm v's. Radio station where we don't say the same thing every five minutes. We get in here. Hey, funny. Yeah. I just hear you say that we don't say the same thing every five minutes. Well, it's that I said did I just hear you say that we don't say the same thing every five minutes. You've gone brains. You just brought the wrong shirt. There. I got it. It's funny. It's called. It's called. It's called. It's a funny size. I was able to fall. It's six o'clock on WCTA. My Vs for a lot of the the fuck. You're just out of control again. I don't know what the hell has happened. Maybe it's all the food that came in this week. But anyway, Monday morning at 830. And this could be the beginning of a series of swimsuit contests. Coupar City High, allegedly the seniors are having a skip day on Monday. That's the rumor. We can get some verification on that before the show is over. And they're going to be out here in front of the window, parading around in their bathing suits. Young ladies and men, young men and ladies and some who are kind of like in between. And we're going to judge and we'll come up with something. We'll find some albums or CDs or something to give away. Yeah, we got some prizes. Do we? Yeah. How about some of those old pink Floyd tickets? Those ought to be good. Some things tickets ought to be good too. Yeah. And a little squeeze too. Okay. It's 603 and here are those numbers that you've been waiting for in date County. Now, it is interesting that they're already like four lines lit up, which is pretty good, right? But I do remember back on AM. Do you remember the days when lines used to flash without the numbers just automatically? And we would just punch them up every day. And then somebody came along and started doing a screen list Thursday, which I thought was an incredibly original idea. In the date County 620 3600 that 620 3600 and in Broward 779 3600. Now, what do we need to wake the audience up this morning? Okay. And you notice he is nowhere to be found again. He's reverted back to his old tricks. He's scrounging for food in the lobby. Now, he really is. Tell me more about Sally. I'm 40 at the top and at the bottom and damn proud of it. Talking on the year with a mouthful of food, also known as pig radio, doesn't make it just as it doesn't make it off the ear. You're cackling sidekick who cackles and everything, whether it's fun or not, doesn't make it. Being rude to callers who may not be quite as interesting as you'd like, doesn't make it. Calling the cacklers reading from the life section of USA today news is an insult to all legitimate news journalist and doesn't make it. Listen to caller after caller tell you how great you are, doesn't make it in his boring. Calling your competitors names on the ear when they can't respond to you, doesn't make it, but is cowardly. Quite frankly, if you were in a market with any sophistication like Boston or New York, you're sure wouldn't make it. It'd be fighting it out for last place with the motivation station. Steve Keynes spelled CAI and his him came in unable. Has challenged you on a number of occasions to go on head to head with him on the ear. I know you think issue oriented programming sucks, but why don't you take him up on it? It could make for some great radio and if things got a little tough, you could always start cackling, sign Susan Martin in Fort Lodderdale. Shut the dumb douchebag. Okay. Incredibly done. What a miserable bitch. Why does she listen? He is. I'll be interested to see if listen to this. I'll be interesting to see. Now, so what, you know, what you're dealing with a road scholar like Susan, I'll be interesting to see if you have the balls to read this letter over the ear. I don't think you will, but perhaps some of these other guys with the low ratings might. It'll only take a couple of them to reach an audience the size of yours, although it won't be filled with little boys from Cooper City High School. Boy, boy, carbon copy, Steve Keynes, Paul Lyle, Joy Reynolds, Greg B. D. Ellen Jeff Charles. Let's hear it. We had a real juice bag. He's probably not a way to do anything. You know, he's listening, right? Are you kidding? I mean, she wouldn't miss the show. She gets sexual excitement from the show. That award. She's got one of those vibrator radios. Oh, my God. It's so pretty. In fact, if you knew where all of us were right now. I like it. I feel like I'm being sucked into the Grand Canyon ladies and gentlemen. This is good. It's 11 past. Not much. Did this one ask a question? What do you think is going to happen to this Robert W. Walker after he testifies and all those goodies? I don't know anything about a wire. Are they going through that license thing now over there? Oh, that's a pale adio. Oh, still? No. It never is. I'm not really stone and everything and it's like they got one company that wants to get 100 off the air and everything and they're creating whole big scandal and they took cocaine or whatever to play the record and stuff. Well, I don't know what's going to happen, but I do hope that they stay on the air because I like stations that I have 10 year old program directors. Oh, God. Can I sniff a little Vix and piece? Here, what are you up I mean, he's injecting an air in my Bobby. Get out of my mouth. It was me. I don't know. It won't be coming around for the while. The latest Apple Bomb. No, Carmen has done something with this Apple Bomb. No, it doesn't. That's not the much. Just because you pushed it down the elevator. Oh, he's not that. Hey, Carmen. Well, anyway, less than a, I don't know what we're going to do here folks. Less than a 20% chance for isolated showers today with a higher round 80, big decent day and tonight no rain, low of 70, but by the weekend, we're going to get a chance for some rain with a higher out 80 and the chances even greater on Sunday, not a great voting weekend with small cracked advisory and effects 73 is the temperature this morning at power night. Come on, you have Mr. announcer. Yes, the bread up to the microphone. announcer has an idea. Oh, yes, I hear it. Time now for America's favorite right, radio program, Tyrone, answer. He like trying to cook, but provided by Tyrone and now you're Tyrone with the days topic. Oh, I'm just running. Yes, loving from his Apple Bomb is me. I wrong, but do my face and I just power on any sector jar. Thank you. Today's topic is hub caps. 590, 96, 96 in a quarter, that's bill. But you know what it's bill. Just dial it. Can't. Pub caps only one question per person, though. The winner will give way trip to hub cap heaven. Yes. In the end of fall, 30 seconds. Well, we're already taking good care of brunch. And you notice by the way, the spots, the desperation is some of the radio stations in this market. I watched the promo last night for a while 100 with a 10 year old program director. And there are all these big momentous announcements from all these momentous FM radio stations on almost a daily basis now. And the new one is we're not going to play the same music every hour. That's something you need. That's what he said. Isn't that great? Did he really say the thing that Glenn was saying? That's for real. That it's not going to play the same music every hour. And maybe every other hour, but not every hour. And that's supposed to be like some major breakthrough. That's weird. Because you told us that we don't want to hear the same crap over and over again. Now we never did find out what hot 105's message we found out what you're doing off the year. And cheer that 24 past seven. Just kidding. I'm a kid in the morning. Just a little joke there, Dan. It's 724 on Zeta 4. For the open line, where we just hung up is in Broward as they stay on a desperate afternoon show where the host doesn't know is a banana from his earlobe. The number is 779, 3600. 779. I don't think ever. I've been like I said almost 30 years in his business. I have never known anybody, pity or and more jealous.