I You don't know if I didn't say the this morning Captain Dave I didn't say that for the animals you can see talking heads the animals and the journey It's a minute before nine. Well, I get all screwed up now the LTA might be 20 now Neil told you now. I'm gonna tell you to the plants are waiting for you This is not a good day. It's not a good day. He's wearing his unbelievable t-shirt He's not doing anything. He's not bothering anybody. He's saying they're looking like a freak Now Neil told them you want to tell them that's just I mean, you know, he's he's such a good looking kid You know, he comes in here with this looking like Frankenstein on a bad day not on a good day But on a bad day. I mean that is that's disgusting. It's like how do we describe it like the Most of his hair is his normal color which is brown kind of long down to about I would say three inches above his ear and then like all the side burns and up to The back of his hair the temples like temple sign-eye or whatever that is temple Beth Sholum Are like Blonde and it's like real short. Yeah, it looks like common. He's a Rick Springfield and the beach boys okay or something. I don't know just well now. It's like Sean For the middle of his looking short Cassidy. Oh God now you don't want to look like Sean Cassidy all the girls is throwing rotten eggs I was getting to work. Okay. There he goes finally David now why are you getting this year rest? They before vacation why he's a freak cold Why can't I tell him but I did it. But that was I didn't get all BDI and hysterical and Not saying what's happened just do it and get the hell out Nothing was happening and I hate everybody okay. He just can't I guarantee that if what's your name came in here that from Cooper City what was her name? Long gone whatever here as one of Tara one of our former buddies over Cooper City You'd have her sitting in a chair. You'd be fondling her and just doing all kinds of disgusting things Well am I right that's true And you wouldn't be ordering her around and giving her BDI looks okay? He'd be ordering her around but well yeah, but not to water the plants It's a minute after nine on Zeta four the Blyuzetea Miami Beach I think I already said that in Cooper City and here's our score for what a hell with the some of those people in Cooper City You know what I mean? He's not here anyway, so I don't see what and she isn't gonna be now She's the last shine they totally shine this you went off to college And I'll stick it where the Mundo and she wanted to turn out most of those people to be fair weather for not all of them But most of them and a bunch of Sissy's and pansies to top it all off in the American hearing You thought we called for Johnny dark and not Johnny These things have yeah, they do happen so there is some pizza on the way Johnny in case you're starving again this morning A lot of people out there wondering how John has been able to keep going out of work for so long and he knows we're gonna hang around He can sniff out a good meal from a hundred miles like any broadcaster, okay? He can sniff out a good free meal from miles around But what about his little lady what does she do when he's like I mean he eats a lot of food here, but she's probably we can't tell you what she It's three minutes after nine on Zeta four and Should we take another caller to because we got a lot of calls on the board there? Oh dear field again. Do we dare? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay while there's some people in dear field just want to do things. I don't know I want to give you the definitive and last and final plantation garbage backstory Okay In the wallpaper business and I was doing that's what Hitler said to sir That's what Hitler said to him right I was in Doing a job in Jack around about a year ago and I had to remove some wallpaper and You know, it's it's a lot of a lot of waste and I asked the woman for a garbage bag and she said I can't give you one because they cost a dollar a piece Yeah, it said you live in a 300,000 dollar house. You can't spare a buck. Yeah, unbelievable But I'll not probably I was thinking about that the other day there are probably some people out there who are thinking the same thing about me You think of what a cheap skate I am that I want to go out and pay 16 bucks a box for plantation or eggs It's it's not it's just a principle of it There really bugs me more than anything else the idea that they're gonna tell me what kind of garbage bag I got to use and that they're not gonna pick up my garbage if I don't use them well, that's the problem You can always move from plantation. No, I don't want to do that I love my house and I love the lake and my pool and the the cockroaches and everything You know one more thing yes sir first pizza places. Yeah, all right Tomasos and Boca Okay, I'm on plant on that Palmetre Park is 95 Excellent great really good Tomasso. I'm also okay, all right have a good one. You too. Bye bye 905 on Z4 Dave is a very feverishly watering these plants. You've got him like terrifying now I said the same thing. He's going into the army and you've got him terrifying Well, it's good thing to use to yeah, when he finishes basically he's gonna come back and do a number on you Lo so what you've never seen Exactly Pick you apart like seen out of the fly. Do you know what yes? They like the wings off. Do you know where you're gonna take basic South Carolina oh Too bad. Now when does that start Dave? August 31st he's got a whole month to go and he had us condoned believing that he was going off to the army when he looked goodbye to exactly said goodbye and good luck He was in where Asset chips where we heard that people He was probably hanging around with the dococus family. Oh Now Olympia with the Kennedys No just a bunch of douchebags up there I guess. We're in Massachusetts. Oh Yeah sure Where is that near God Oh in the middle like between pitfield and Boston right in the middle. Oh Nobody lives there do they is that near Worcester? Yeah right near Worcester as you would say Worcester where they make their sauce and they make that great Worcester Worcestershire sauce. Yeah Great. Well, that's a nice place to visit, but don't hang around there too much go to expense What about the Fox bro to the track man you really lose your butt there out time? It's dank and it's like Ooh, it's like there was a gray Really It was terrible here was raining and nasty and he was up there having a good time Now it comes back and our plants by the way. You notice they're still alive. Have you noticed that? We're giving lots of light We do do we? They are growing they're almost up to the ceiling that one. Yeah, they're going crazy Mm-hmm and the next time you see this studio It's gonna be all changed around we're gonna have some real honest to got equipment in here. Well, just imagine we beat everybody in the ratings with this So make shift crap BS system in a stupid little speaker phone imagine what'll happen when we get real equipment Probably be number 10 Hell when the colors can start hearing Captain Dave got that's true when it can actually hear Captain Dave it'll be shocking Then Ricky Tickie can say it shocked radio Is it'll be shocking Mean Kevin tried to call him games And what happened? We called on this and food in chocolate. Yeah, oh, we need to hit a weight Listen if you're that stupid. That's what happens to if you would have called collect Yeah, well, that was Sunday. We're not here on Sunday These guys these two I'm telling you too many days in Miramar that'll do it to everybody, okay? So what do they think of that t-shirt by the way that they run around saying who the hell is that? That unbelievable t-shirt do we have any more of that? Oh, thanks. What do you mean you don't think so? Well? I don't mean specs is still selling. Oh, yes What I was trying to make is we don't really hear very much about that anymore We don't want that to be a flash in the pan, but you can still buy in that Yeah, it's specs and a butt from each one goes to the Camilla sounds and it's a good cause in your really sharp and you're good and all that stuff, right? Close to 3000 or over 3000 What? Really, well tell them to come down here We like all those people from Massachusetts now are you getting agitated because that was what I don't know you've got less than an hour I'm not making okay, you just had that sour look on your face Yeah, like hard for sitting here like into gestion the pizza hasn't even gotten trying to lay low See that's why Dave's hanging out he knows the pizza's coming Yeah, I got to get going Oh, really? Did you hear that he's got a Yeah, I haven't seen him smile at broadly since what guys Leave me a little sleepy Kate's came in just leave me all these toll balls. Okay, you guys I'm good sitting here. Okay, is he coming back that'll be great then Kevin can come back just a time for Okay, yeah, you guys come in be sure to come in and don't pay any attention to him. Okay, just ignore him Okay, Dave good to see you get that hair straight now will you please? Oh, he looks a match doesn't it seriously I'll see you later All right, put a ball over your head Dave come on That you want to do the weather yeah 40% rain chance today with a high of 90 tonight 79 It's now 84 and this is Zeta for now I know nine after nine I'm here for his listing today's not the day. Okay. No track no and nothing today. It's just one of those things not the day It's a very Traumatic day isn't it and of course we've always wanted why this room looks so topsy turvy many morning when we come in here And I think we just discovered the first clue I think Uh-huh, it doesn't take sure a lot of columns to figure out what this was used for in here, right? What the cool we can't describe it, but Now where'd you find that exactly behind the on the floor on the floor about the board? What can we call that is her sort of like behind the stick a small apartment in Hallendale yeah, yeah, yeah condom in him. Uh-huh. Yeah, one of those That's what are just very good 25 passed on on Zeta for we also found Santa You found those two there doing their acrobatic routine and the keychain got only knows what kind of a Johnny Jesus on the way any minute They're gonna be a wheeling in here like crazy with pizzas that haven't been invented yet Something to really look forward to isn't it so I guess I'll save the record for when the pizza comes And in the meantime we'll talk to Tom from Hollywood how you doing Tom? All right, how's it going? Okay, I just say I wanted to call him say a couple things Number one, I listen to the show every day because I'm on it alone. I saw that I Thought stuff I'm always on the road. What do you sell Tom? I'm so medical Medical supply to nursing homes, but people are not wow boy. You must do big business stay on his It's pretty big yeah, there's a lot of old people that every time I go in there I think about you, but I mean not not you older nothing, but just you know Right, I want to tell you it's really like an influential station too There's a day was on the phone and my dog hopped over the dog gate and he knocked the phone out of the hand And I lost it first. I mean out of my hand and I lost it first second. Yeah, and the first thing out of my mouth was He's bang I know I never said that before and if like so you're you have some influence on my life Great well, that's important Tom as long as we can control your life Okay, when you live in this town there are a lot of people who try to control your life, you know The last thing I want to say are stopo, huh like the Gestapo Yeah, well It's not that bad right here except for the code enforcement like if you have the wrong type of garbage bag in front of your house Yeah Well come on up in here We'll go back to plant for sure Pop up trailers in the front of your run. Yeah, I get it But I want to say also I call it shown it Captain David then yeah, and I'm usually not kind of got to consider a break as I get really I see like I'm really into right now because I'm a real nervous. I don't know why because I don't see you guys But I am well if you did see as she'd really been nervous baby Okay, so this is the first time I did this I'm waiting for the next weekend and I took a friend Wow The theater major that first she was a theater major by the way and I like acting, but I just hate watching people act But complete Sure Marine you say you stay good. You see and you laugh throughout the whole play Yeah, I kind of like him. I hear in the morning you stay as glued with seat too Yeah, I'm lying Yeah, or glued to the floor one of the Okay, you've been a great caller sir trust me. Okay, okay? Hey Okay, I think you want to do something personal there, but 28 minutes after nine on Zeta 4 and just my guess You know, I'll call somebody a douchebag or something. No, I don't mean that kind of thing personal anyway Jim Skyler is on the 185 probably I've been trying to ask for an apology that's long overdue. I think it's probably the one year anniversary Is this it it could be I've been trying to get a hold of him all week Okay, now let's see if it's gonna be the first or the second hello there. Hello Jim Yeah, no, they never heard the first one. Hello Jim The second one or something about this phone man, it's just a piece of garbage is what it is For Ventas from continuing with this call So what's going on what's going on Jim what's going on Jim? When they all end Glenn and Dave I just want to be the last to congratulate you on your enormous numbers Yeah, all listen we've been flooded with note from my stations all over town man I just been climbing all over each other congratulate us You've been a miss I probably like in a previous life Oh, could be yeah, is it a little bit plain? Probably explain the whole thing but it's a little miss muffled right Yeah, I see I To make up for that I want to be the first to congratulate you on your ten months anniversary coming up August 12 right right That which is a day after I go on vacation which no accident by the way And three days before that isn't even bigger Anniversary the August 8th that's probably the one year anniversary of the day that you were treated serroudly That's it Ha ha ha ha we knew it I knew it. That's been hanging heavily on my mind Jim I Watch you to know I still feel bad about the disgusting rude and I'm not just manner in which you were treated the indifference and apathy and so what are we in Austin? Yeah, what we're going to do that, Dave. You're going to go over it again step by step It's going to take a four hours and we're going to go over the whole incident again and right I hope you still have the Roger tape from the other end of the building. Oh no question about it That's been preserved for these Smithsonian Institute I'll be super I'll be looking forward to that so how you guys doing you guys still on the air? Yeah, I'll may the clean up but the skin of our teeth now you guys do no care, aren't you? Well Critically yeah In terms of popular claim Wow, you know, I think it'll be Will be looking up real soon just remember the wave was voted the best station in South Florida, magazine I've been yeah And I was voted the best and the worst personality so I was just show you what kind of a psychotic Skitsoy group they interviewed you know whether you're going to come in on that survey, do you? Well, I don't want to get into that post I'm terribly sorry. I want to thank you for all your kindnesses over these last two year and a half most of which we can't discuss But a great American and a brilliant genius Well, you know what they say Well, he's getting a royal screwing is what's happening with him and it's really a shame, but he'll show up on these days very soon trust me Yeah, that's a good idea that's Unable to be able to button in the mail to me that day By the way, what's the deal you've been showing to me? I keep leaving you these messages Well, you know, I've called I've tried to catch a gem. I miss you at the station and I call your house up in the street comes out Palm Beach County And you don't have an answering machine and I see I don't see I don't see a little woman forgets the turn of the sea I don't like that man because But see I someone calls me I return the call and if there's no answering machine You don't get credit for calling. I don't like that. You know, I call and there's just no answer You don't get credit for credit. I don't get credit for credit for credit for credit for something You don't get credit for making the call because you don't know I made the call because there's no machine Okay, well, listen, this has been very exciting. There's last part of the call, but we know how to get it this internal infernal squabling I know I know I can't I think it was a gem We can't plan but Kyle said no, so we have to Can't tell you what it's under that and have a swell wife. Okay, you two Jim boy boy 28 till 10 it's Jim Scholar from hot 105 hot 105 hot By the way, hot is it I talked to G Michael McCabe from power 96 for a minute yesterday and he said that He wanted to congratulate us on the ratings and Bill Tanner did two oh and he was speaking for bill Like oh, congratulations on the ratings. Oh, so there are two stations that congratulate How about the fact that we eat on the air does that still bother him? He didn't say anything Oh, I didn't get into it because I didn't want to you know Okay, 93 on Zeta 4 27.010 and our next call is coming up from In about raising interesting where these calls are coming from today. Look at that in very bokeh bokeh Wow, we've had some from deer field, which is really just They don't have too many phones in deer field now. I think that was the same phone different people That pizza ought to be showing up any second because boy it is getting dark and I'll see man now the puppies will find a place. They'll be under it. They'll come in right under the thing out here Okay, right under that antenna Solid steel antenna or they can hang out in Gary's office okay, boy as long as they don't smoke Okay, our next call is in in Ferrari. Hello. Oh, yes, sir You have me on well, what can I tell you? I know that much anyway Let's see can I make a request sure go ahead. We won't play a ball. What's a request? The needle medley thing the country beetle medley thing. Oh, yeah For that action sings the Beatles well, I'll tell you why the time we find that it'll probably be Monday But better late than ever For the serious all you got to put that on for me. I have to put it on well It's on for me For a good Jewish boy from so we always Jewish well, let's play it And a rock and rabbi to boot well wait a minute. We got to find it now. Okay I'm like gonna find it and let me work on it It's a just stay there now you're going out vacation. I don't want you running around here just for a while trying to help Not just relax take it easy. I still let these people that would be in the back. I'll push you around. It is in the back I'll find it sir. You just keep yenthing over there Yandee oh, you want you to talk sir Anything Anything on your mind huh I wouldn't even think of it Neil So much respect for your talent. We'll have got a dumb button in here. That's right Yeah Along by fever tray called fair frisco girl. I know you like fair frisco I don't like San Francisco. I hated But have the help of the group the fever treat you ever here Yeah, I don't think for their albums is it fever treat? Uh-huh. Yeah, I remember that was a hit like one like 1968 or 69 Yeah, yeah, I remember Very California sounding The NAS Right, yeah, also very California sounding that's them on the back You're right, you know, this is now he's still looking Is it possible to get that one? Well, he's he's like a long time trying to hear that and I didn't work for it. Well, he's working on it Okay, hang on Hold on for me this juncture now. What happened to it? That was just a few weeks ago we played yeah Yeah, we played it while Neil was on vacation a couple of times And you really and but they're not it's it's a welcome no fanciful equipment or nothing and we don't know which tape it going We have to listen to my own weekend Wow, we need to take a break boy. It's a hell life isn't it? Well, we can't yet Captain Dave Does he's got some money? Yeah, I'll tell you what during the break. I'll find it. Okay? Can do that where we have okay have a great life sir. Okay 24 to 10 I don't know what is you've been finding anything in here if your life depended on us We have a 357 man I find some way to sing it or something Well something about We're that ashton as you don't make it bad. Yeah, I know it. Oh I know how it goes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, I'm just like given the little bit of There's the ball of bed. You still have that would do No, oh bigger than life they haven't pulled that out of there yet. Let's play that before they do okay I don't know It's gone. I don't see it. Yeah, here's some now one of the odds of that happening. Okay, somebody So desperate to hear something. Yeah, they took it out right Anyway, have we got an exciting afternoon and store for you called or race course is the place where it's happening Today it's gonna be pouring like crazy a good day to get out there. It's gonna be a sloppy track I'll bet you and those mutters are gonna be coming in and the fodders too and it's gonna be Boy, that's the day you get some prices trust me Okay, and We invite you to do a really enjoy a great afternoon in the air condition comfort inside where it's nice and dry and comfortable Or if you're an idiot you can go out on the fourth floor of the grub house and go on a roof garden And because it's gonna be pouring cats and dogs and he gets soaked and with her I'll put up foil and Exactly and of course you love the food whether it's in the dining room with a two dining rooms and the turf club or any of the snack bars And of course those great deli sandwiches that Martha makes up on the fourth floor and you can stop by and see Mickey too for some pizza And ice cream and just make yourself sick with tons of great food and cash like crazy and been on a talk a maybe Michelle horse that Glenn gave you can have a great time. It's always a fun afternoon even if you lose thousands at Colors so if you're looking for a fun time You got to call her post time today is one PM daily Wednesday through Sunday Easy to get to it's right there near the datebrower line on University drive or 27th Avenue or whatever the hell it is Your Joe Ron the it's right next to Jorabi Stadium Of course the TV ads says go to Jorabi Stadium and turn right Don't you think they should say on the TV Edgar slogan don't they think they should use that as the colder slogan It's a great afternoon even if you lose Thousands And if you're a real big time Spender even if you lose millions you can have a chance 22 till 10 on Zeta 4 Some believeable every time somebody wants to hear something we start looking and looking at it's gone It's just vanished in the threat in here. Well, let's one is not here Believe you me it's long ago. I know why would anybody want that with that one? Yeah, so a marginal Maybe it's broken. Maybe it fell behind you think it's on the floor or wait a minute. Here's one down here Maybe that's it. What is this? Mr. Sports now he can go back down there Mr. Sports player let's see Okay, let's this can be the flashback ladies Oh, this is good. Let's say good morning everybody and then I should football leave last night the New York jet Fancy at all 30 to 14 in the Monday night game with the win. They judge joined a five-way scramble for the AFC Eastern Division title Buffalo Indianapolis, New England and of course the dolphins and other jets all have records of four victories and four defeats Yeah Still hock it away there isn't it? Yeah, yeah, it's that kind of material that brought us the number one rating in this market ladies And gentlemen, what does that tell you about this town? It's gone. I know it just disappeared into a thin air. We're getting really pio to bother. Okay There's bathroom on the right Think pink newsbed but head song van a pick my nose It's raining men stand by me the beat goes on walk on the kosher side The bell could be gay. You wish people read through them. We got some man We'll use up the rest of the juice What where's our pizza by the way? It's got 18-010 maybe that was a fake Johnny G There it is I Founded okay ladies and gentlemen, we're looking good and it's so hard to find him because it's got that red writing on it man It sticks out like a sort toe Invented country music He's recorded over 27 flat-mama albums every year since the great depression I want to do alright He's earned 10-hashed in the largest selling recording star of all time and now for the first time ever bird dead-hashed in sings the beetles We all live in a yellow submarine Yes, bird dead-hashed in sings all the timeless classics by British fab four hell I need somebody You'll let your get this monster smile just shepherds lonely hards club by and you can forget hey, dude Don't make it man. Yes. He's bird dead-hashed in country music legend along and winding road This special 17 record collection of it now and only through this exclusive radio offer album covers suitable for free 17-010 boy that was well worth it wasn't it? Wasn't it like everybody's gone all of a sudden like the disappeared 1943 on Zeta four and I guess this is it just to got 17 minutes to kill all by myself Everybody like took off maybe the pizza got here. Do you think that's possible? Now I hear rustling of paper, but that's just a news copy, okay? Pizza's not here Do you think that that was a put on? No, that wasn't a put on That was no it was for really was reading from the menu for crying out loud, okay? That was one of our pal's from Johnny G's, but they're just taking a roundabout route to get here, okay? Like by way of do-volk County something like that That's Jacksonville by the way for those of you for yeah, that was a joke those of you Nazis from Milwaukee anyway 16-010 and just as I spoke look at that these guys. Are you doing? All right, that was like a psychic moment there just as we played that thing we found it now the pizza came in Everything's falling in the place. I know everything is like falling into place, okay? Either that or falling on the floor one of the other Yeah, that mic is on mic the box Why why are you doing that? Why did you swing that mic over there? There are any particular even if you want a force him to be on the air? There you go and the force him to make a fool out of himself on it. Okay. Hey, this would be great Yeah cover it up because it's such that stuff works so well, you know? Okay, let's take these and then put these away The bells of St. Mary's those are And get the oh, look at that. Oh, she's this rose full of your man just what did you say there? Oh Well, I don't think he said darn it. I think he said something else. Let's play that back very slowly, okay? And hot enough real loud Rose folder who said that by the way, I just want to mention that for the record 945 on say to for this is where the a sun dried to me those I got to write that time sun dried Chicken Chicken, hmm. What oh, oh, that sounds really good. I want else Fantastic you're great American. We thank you very much. This is Johnny G's Enjoy and he's running away with that did you bring one of the menus in there? Oh, yeah, I got to do right Okay Johnny G's gourmet pizza free delivery 937 6200 and Johnny G's is a 2042 buscane Boulevard in North Miami Beach is some of the greatest Americans in history And their gourmet pizzas trust me these are the I mean they got all the other stuff too But these are so good that it's what life is all about, okay? And look at that here's the guy who is definitely a cheese to death who's Yeah, just look at a little okay Unbelievable It's always great. I'm not gonna waste any time. I'm not gonna see your neck This is about models that is gonna dig right in and that's great, okay? Thanks a mayor Fantastic Again the address is 2042 buscane Boulevard that's biscane in 204th in North Miami Beach And the numbers 937 6200 for a takeout delivery Johnny G's Oh, you don't have any of what they're doing How come my mic was moved and everything was as Rose came in here and was dilling around with stuff I was gone just for a second. I know what does that show everything come out and they did it around I want to show you what we found in the year Give me an idea the kind of stuff that goes on in our studio on the floor Yeah, I bet you do Probably from the i95 days, but we don't want to get into that I've got some great stories to tell it's 13 to 10 on say that that music is just great in the background Isn't it oh, it's okay. You don't have to put it in a like life No foreign Tomatoes, Sunride tomatoes, okay. It's not meat, okay? Mr. Matsumand back here. It's not meat It's kosher tomatoes. They were golden high foe Oh, I just God he's so joy shouldn't it? Or is that incredible today huh? Really Almost makes you want to play Brutette Ashton sings the Beatles again Well almost I said yeah Mmm, oh, that's good So we didn't let you down kids those of you out there that we're gonna disappoint you and not make mutton's and pigs out of ourselves Hmm, we came through now what's that one that captain Davis eating? What is that kind of? It was just gonna have a taste of one pia right mm-hmm. It's um Pickled egg and pig feet pizza. It's great Seriously what is that what is on that the chicken one oh the chicken with what? Chicken with cheese and feathers yeah and gizzards Mmm, that would be good. Mmm. What a day Was that ladies still on there with the tomato stirring? Hello, hi, yes, you still here great And some trivia while you're eating your tomatoes you all keep talking all year about the sun ripen sun dry Mm-hmm. You want to know what the majority of them are It's scary What what they do is they pick them and then they they ship them off to plants where they actually gas the water green So they're not they're not sun ripened gas them Most tomatoes aren't anyway now maybe um, I don't know what he's talking about sun dry I guess they're just I don't know what he does to those but I'm afraid to ask No, they're dried out in the sun like on the herald you know yeah Oh, I'm going ahead and join your tomatoes. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. I'm sure I really made our day Okay, want to bar full over the phone now She was talking about sun ripen I know she was talking about how they take some of them in places and they ship them off to Places where they gas them to make the green tomato is red now Not these it looks to me like Captain Dave is coming here and gotten a second piece. Oh, yeah, why we weren't even paying any attention That's a copy of the law you notice how he's trying to Ship detention What we found that into the board Oh Isn't it amazing? Oh, we have this nice little group in here this morning Cozy and friend We were alone the whole morning you can have the breakfast while back if you like we should maybe delighted to give you that opportunity Since we have a very chased existence But anyway it's 10-10 now I guess what that means, huh? Invented country. Oh, that's wrong. Oh I'm giving you a chance and I just your No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I thought you were gonna play that again. No Yes LA laws executive producers Steven Boschko At a hard time finding out about his shows 19 Emmy nominations yesterday Boschco said the woke up at 7 a.m. California time to catch the announcements on TV Only to discover his cable was out So he ought to ultimately hurt it on the radio This was in plantation. He says that winning in the past doesn't take any gloss Gloss off the chance of winning again and Gillian got the news for May reporters message on her home phone machine It says the two nominees is for her and Gillian story. We're thrilling a fort Wayne Indiana man Consider some self lucky even if the snake that bit of lived outfits water was working on his car when he got nipped by a startled garden snake that was losing under the front seat Fitzwater said he started stomping to kill the snake hit the gas Which drove the car into his house and started to fire In the in the snake was still under the seat And Fitzwater said he just shook his head Yeah, boy what a day that was and by the way next time you're flying over north central Iowa Be sure to look out the window Because you might see Mickey Mouse looking back at you what this these productions as you may or may not know Got a farmer to plan his corn and oats in the shape of Mickey's head Took six and a half million corn plants and 300 acres of oats to make the profiles more than a mile From the tip of Mickey's nose to the end of his ear Mickey mini Donald Duck and goofy We'll also appear at the Sheffield Iowa fair next month to help celebrate Mickey's 60th birthday Okay, here's your weather Partly cloudy With scattered showers and thunderstorms now they say near the coast this morning and over the western suburbs is afternoon is what they say But it will be 90 degrees and rain