see what happens when Nick is running the board I do that right on the pot and I got confused because he's sitting there That's a good excuse 1054 W. I do we have a little um Little in-house problem there anyway before I do that mobile call I want to thank again to people at Spacts who sent me the Yelton John for it. We're in Spanish because I did watch it last night a couple of times. Oh, correct. Hopefully. Uh-huh. And I'm gonna tell you that Boy that is an incredible video. Now did you have God did you have to clean the TV screen? No drillers. I think part of it is my Expensive any see video recorder up it happens. The problems would lately and it needs to be fixed in other words The heads are out of alignment or something when you drop the cassette in there it jumps around or like lines, you know, it's hard to it's distorted and it's cleaning and if you stop it and start it off And it off you can clear it up. Okay, but it's obviously just a little adjustment that needs to be made No, it doesn't need cleaning. I don't need to head. Yeah, but believe me I cleaned the heads before I put that in there because I want to be a little earlier and I finally got the lines out of there and got it as clear as a bell And it was tremendous. Okay, by the way the pizza locked is bringing lunch and just thought I would mention that grade Great, so we thank you Sonny and Mike for offering a little bit of the leftover is from this morning's food And I passed on that because I knew something would be coming along. Yeah, well, no, that's a mobile in Pompanol So Neil yeah, I'm doing great mobile How do you go? Good. Hey, I'm listen first things first the WID quota to get it there should be a new quota for some reason I guess because I'm a douchebag The thing you need to have a quarter on is how many pros Neil says hello Neil The cracks me up Yeah, that's a star oh, that's good. I'm happy that it takes a little to make your day pal I know that of course when you live in this town it takes you still a little bit Any little thing can really make your day here, and I'm just a guy who can help you out The other thing I used to listen to the I'm in a McQueen in the morning. Oh, God. And I have arguments with my friend Mike He's said listen to Neil. I said I don't want to know I hate that guy who tackles all time But the grandnalting offense after listening to the show I see where you fit in. I think you're funny I think Neil's hysterical That's a great show Well, you're gonna get a hernia by the end of this call. I'm telling you this is a major league tank a lot I'm gonna make a shake now Well, KC will be right over to help you make it for something watch out for him Favorite my friend Mike who converted me over Mike is a douchebag Okay, see I beat you to the pun I appreciate that Beating me to the punch is something that I guess you know me. Your friend Mike has been busy with well I shouldn't have a great day and I hope you guys have a good life together Thanks, the only letter glad. Okay. Well, I feel honored to have cackled through his call Let's see it's 1057 which means we do have time to play this because we haven't played it yet Feeling up to stay I look for my pussy, but my pussy wasn't there Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well Oh, first was for KC gave a kill in the well I got a letter and I climbed up to my fifth I thought energy to be that my pussy was talking with Well Oh Oh where well my cat fell in the well where well oh oh oh she was before king and he might have fell in the world if you have a pussy that you would be straight up to never let her wander or she might fall in the well well well my cat fell in the well oh first push push for king and he might have fell in the well fell in the well Well... Okay, thank you, Mitch. Why do you mind before you leave now? Just a minute we have a bottom minute to go before the news break. And I was told yesterday that you have the last word on the food in the studio. Uh... What? Like I said, thanks for the card, Mitch. Okay, and we like to clock two by the way. Okay, anyway. Oh, I'm so sorry, I asked, you know. Oh, I have it to keep my mouth shut. No, we haven't had any food in here. Have we? I haven't seen any. Not just, briefly. I mean, just long enough to get eaten. So to speak. Or, anyway, now Mitch is a great guy. He just needs to come into the real world. That's all. And we'll get him there. He's just been in La La Land too long. Yeah, probably that time he's been at INZ in Zeta. Really? Yeah, I think he had a traumatic effect on from the Rick Edwards School of Crown. Anyway, we're just about at the end of the first hour. The first four more. We're going to the news and I guarantee you when we come. It was okay. We're used to it. Just hanging there. You got nothing else exciting to do. We got pizza coming from the pizza loft, which we know we won't have any in here. No. Will we? Oh, no. Maybe just a pepperoni or something. Briefly. Very, very briefly. But we do have my wife left town with a banana by Carlos Borsier. Nice. Senior. I love that. And, uh, well, I'm telling you, we're building a library here faster than you can shake a stick at. Okay. The news with Henry Burrow coming up at 11 and we'll be back for our number two at 11.05 on 610 WIOD. Not Susan Martin. D Susan, who doesn't even sign or last name anymore. He didn't afford Lauderdale or what? Now from West Palm Beach, he's mailing me. She must be moving a little further away. Thank God. When you get about to Jacksonville, Susan drop us a card. Okay, because that'll be perfect for you. Just your speed. It says, and she's also got a copy of an old letter that she sent that we didn't read on the air. We're just going to do it like the honey. So try to tighten your stuff up if you know what I mean. It says, well, well, well, we'll wonder's never cease. As in that bit, we played a little while ago. Pussy in the way. Yeah. I knew all about this switch. I read papers too, you know. But then a friend of mine told me you mentioned. Told me you mentioned my name on the air. He told me you said to write into you. Oh, she said. She would never. Very bad with the line with your Susan. It had to be a friend. I didn't believe him, of course, because you were too cowardly to read the last few letters. I wrote Steve always said you were a coward. Susan, thinking of whom I didn't happen to catch part of Steve's welcome. Neil showed the Friday before you started. What a bunch of polphe mong. What a pew. Liquid, excrement, drilling out of the sides of your mouth. All that from a guy who once said, not one person in the business ever liked Steve, Kayne, he was disliked by everyone. I guess this makes you the first. Can you say, Kahone's Neil? Very good. Can you say, you're Nick? Now I hear you and Steve are tinkling all over each other. Steve, I can understand. He's not stupid. More bucks for him if his lead in tinkles on him. But you remember the flaming weewee liquors? For some reason that phrase comes to mind. I'll keep this letter short, Uncle Neil. Maybe someday I'll surprise you and stop it at WIO. Dean, during one of the breaks, I'll sit on your head. Oh, Susan, the thought of that is so, so, so, so, so. Talk to you after the honeymoon's over. Can't wait to find out if you had sex. Loving kisses. Susan. P.S. She doesn't leave you out. I didn't have one radio accident. My term by the way, and was confronted to hear. It's her term. I was confronted to hear that the bird was tackling his brains out again. Puking and vomiting and spitting up all over your tedious stream of consciousness, Rival, get the guy a bib. What, yeah? Susan, sweetie, man, it is so good to hear from you. So good to see you. She's sitting there right now. With a radio between her knees. Okay, turned up as loud as it'll go. Yeah. 11 o'clock at W.I.O.D. and let's take a cool from home. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Hey, are you doing great? Um, I was like, she likes to sell. She loves the show, but she was missed a show for anything. Yeah, I wanted to get her, you know, this, this way is rather rough. Let's listen to your sounds. Well, that's what we like. In a head to don't go to school. Don't go to work. Just lay around listening to the show and it all fun. Um, you know, I remember back at the, uh, Zeta used to play like, well, you know, he played the guns rose when time. But, you know, he's still going to do that a lot more. And you're just going to cut it. Well, wait a minute. Are you the guy that called in for guns and roses for? Because we played at the other couple days ago. No, I know what you're talking about. Let's talk about it. See, the problem is guns and roses. I mean, if you pick something a little shorter, we might play it for you one day. But guns and roses. Well, we caught him. I was like almost six minutes long. It's 550, okay? Oh, I know it's long. Like you can have her when the game looked at the scene. How you like, you know? Yeah. Um, big cannets. There he goes. Big 10 inch. I got that. I mean, I got that. I got a record. Yeah. That's a good 10 deal. I got about a third of that. It's a good 10 deal. Yeah. Yeah. You know, original. He tells me where your brain is at. You know, pal. Oh, you know, when you're right around the day. Yeah, you fantasize a lot, right? If there's a world book out, we don't want to go under that. Yeah, I'm sure we don't. You ever curdy you may have too much time on your hands or. I don't we play that too much time in my hands. By sticks. Yeah. Yeah. Big 10 inch. Yeah, bet you. Well, listen, we'll see if we can, uh, when Jeff strikers I would see. We'll see if we can keep on. Yeah. I can't wait. Next one. You listen to your lawyer. Really? You know, it's the amazing part of it is everybody listen to this show. You know, that's the most incredible person. Even a people who hated listen to this show. And what's the matter? I went up to the payphone. I think it off this real quick. What? I was at the payphone to call you and this guy in a van. He was, you know, Brad and papers. And he was listening to your show. I tried to get you so well. Great. Well, that's an exciting story. Yeah, but anyway, the one to call me next to an neighbor, Jim. Yeah. Right. The camera. Rusty, Deesh back. Okay. Now, listen, keep your thumb on the positive things and give us a call, uh, you know, when you get so inclined. Okay. Okay. So, boy, yeah, the part I like was it's his and flutter where she said a friend of hers told her that, Oh, yeah, just like Harvey of Kendall used to be Harvey from Kendall. All these people who just heard it through the rape fund, weren't listening themselves. Oh, the whore. Who the hell are you people kidding? Okay. You mindless, mungless douchebags who have no lives of your own. I mean, just the time it takes to sit down and type right all these letters. Did you see the one at you in a basket? Oh, God. But like three pages long. I think exactly right. Man, you must have a real rich full life, honey. Unbelievable. Anyway, it's 11 past 11. We hit a natural at W.I.O.D. And the phones are going nuts, which is great, especially of Susan cause, and man, I give anything. Go that. If you're looking for a really great spot. A good time for the great taste. Neil, this is noodle. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Now, Susan gonna be at the place he talked about. I had a really good talk with somebody last night in the phone. Wow. Regary Benjamin Buetel. Good. And well, I figure it's time to mention fences and a mutual friend of ours gave me his number. And I called, we had a good chat, and he admitted that he had gone through some of trying times again. And, you know, but he was great. You know, and he was very honest and very conciliatory. And with me the best, and I said one night, we might all go out to dinner. Well, you could cackle for them. Well, yeah. Even Donald, I said. Oh, yes. Now, come on. See, you've got to stop carrying these grudges. Donald loves us. He's got it up so out of. Oh, okay. Right now. So, I mean, you've got to understand he means well. Oh, you mean he's actually trying? He's trying. I know. Well, I don't know. But like I said, one of these days, but anyway, I just mentioned that because he audience loves the, they love the fights. And I've just had enough of that, okay? We don't want to pick on them. We'll pick on somebody, you know, our own size, like Sandy. Oh, oh, I see. Well, you're somebody in my own size, like Debbie Ellis. Get that Lee. Please not there, man. He's taking short hand notes today. We got so much material. Okay. Another call from homestead. Man, we sure get a lot of calls from homestead here. I hope this isn't half. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. How are you? Great. I'm going to call him because I'm a little bit older here. What do you pee out about, sir? Well, I'm the maintenance director for an old full-home in homestead. Oh, yeah. And it's a good, it's good. Right. You need a famous of you. Yeah. The role in the record room over there, Drankham Cooing just a listening to his Man of fact. Yeah. They are. The bunch involved with Spank for me. Okay. Old fart, old fart douchebags to use sir. Pardon me? I say old fart douchebags to you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's not forget about the 1145. Change that poladette now. Okay. Okay. Thank you sir. I think he was serious. That's all that morning. 1117 at WIOD. North Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning, how are you? When is this? Yeah. And what's the best? Yeah. Really? He was right about the old fart down in homestead. That's for sure. And. Well, when they start feeding back around the turtle. I know. I have to be careful. You know. I packed her that. And that's a classic masterpiece. I'm keeping. Great. Well, I was going to tell you. Like, um, a devoted listener. I listened to you since you moved to WIOD. In fact, um, I've been, uh, uh, telling your friend of mine about, uh, a lot of the different stuff you've been playing on the right. On the, uh, you know, on the right. On the one of the top of toaster. Yeah. Really? And, uh, one of the things that he'd love to, I'm always, I'm always, um, telling him that you're playing, um, the I-95 song. And he, he loves that song. Now it's wondering if you can do me a big favor. And, uh, play that. And I can, um, record it for. I'll wait, man. Don't you have any record of going yet? Yeah. Okay. Have a nice day. Thank you. Yeah. Well, I was driving down on I-95 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided wasn't going to do any good to get man. So I wrote a song about him instead. He goes like this. For he more than asshole. Or did you work it your whole life? He did. Either way it worked up fine. Cause you're an asshole tonight. Get your name. Death that they so early. And don't you try to blame it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole yesterday. You're an asshole tonight. You're a girl. I've got a feeling. You'll be an asshole all the rest of your life. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole tonight. I was talking to your mother. Just the other night. I told her I thought you were an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. You know that if you're whole life. Cause somebody told me you got an asshole for life. Or you more than asshole. Or did you work it your whole life? Either way it worked up fine. Cause you're an asshole. Get the life. I am not a Nazi. Told you not. 21 past 11 WIOD. That Ricky Boy gives his finger in every word. That's for the rumor. Anyway, don't forget official English. Mark LePorta and Bob Boyer will be fighting it out. Another contrived debate or prefabricated. I don't know. And hopefully this will be the last discussion of this tedious. Horrific subject man. This town is just so obsessed with us. Just give it a rest already. Will you? Don't be a style horror thing. Okay. Let's take a call from West Palm Beach. Hello. What is this? Hey, what's I said? No. Why not? Yeah, I'm working with Palm Beach. I live in Oak, Tilbe. You need to give me two. I've already got a little bit higher. I got a stand in my friggin' cow with the antenna zoning. What? Don't repeat it, shit. I had some empty other day. You had the lady on about to come in with the house. But the window was checking. You got a little hot towel. Oh yeah. And as that was going on. I was pulling up by a few times contract work. I was just going to get a little bit of a piece of yellow truck. Yeah. And I pulled up to the condo and there was about four of them standing there. Yeah. And I cranked it up boy. And it looked at me. And I just sucked my head between the sun wheel and just left my hideout. And he did it on me. Yeah. That's great. I'm glad to see you've moved in the new, the new regular good. I-O-D. You know what I'm thinking about? The I-O-D is that the you man. I just can't handle that key. Okay. If you can't handle them, just leave them alone. Okay. So that a rough life don't keep picking on poor sh- You know what? Where do you go after that? You know you- You go for a little nap. A little CS this year. But you know where you are? Yeah. A little sangria and a little CS demand. And it come back and start all over again. There we go. Sometimes I want to wear a mag, you know. Well, I don't plan it. Firstly, when you're up at Oakie Chobbie, you must have a hell of a time there. Oh, I tell you. It's, you know. I-I-I hate you know. I moved out there to get away from the-ah-ah, you know. Yeah. There in a hand. Now you got the-ah-ah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, man, I love you, show. Bird hello? Hi. You got-you got the good work, but- Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Bye-bye. Wow. It was good one. He was. K-Poss and Neil. That's a new show, by the way, in Channel 2. Uh, and they're bringing back Rocky H.O.V.R.E.L. AKA Stephen Bower. I have not taped for some reason. I don't know why I've saved it. That one show where he's running around in the towel. Dude. Anyway, it's 23 past 11 at W-I-O-D. And those of you out there who are sick and tired of working for peanuts, working at a boring job. Here's a great opportunity. And it's right here in town. It's E-F-M-I, the entertainment institute, a chance for you to work in the star-studded entertainment sports industry. And there are thousands of jobs popping up all over the country. And this is an extensive one-year program at the only school in North America that specializes in the training of facility, management, personnel. Probably something a lot of you never even thought about before. But here's a chance to direct the operations of arenas, auditoriums, concert halls, convention sites, stadiums, sports facilities, theaters, and theme parks. They have financial aid available for you. Also, job placement assistants, even while you're attending classes, and outstanding scholarships and affordable tuition, both available to you. So if you'd like to get more information about the entertainment institute, they're located at 1460 Brick Alavanu. Please call them right now. The next term begins on December 5th. You tell them that Neil Rogers at W-I-O-D told you to call. The number is 371-611. That's the entertainment institute, column right now for information. 371-611. It's depend on it. It's 1120-7-W-I-O-D. Why do they say that? What is that? I don't know. It's been saying that for a long time. Depend on it. Like they say that it's say that too when the book comes out. Okay, let's go back to the calls here. We got a caller in Hallendale, man. This is my favorite. Hello. Hi. I know you're expecting me to be looking for poor Harvey. I'm happy with Neil. Wait a minute, sir. Is that pizza loft? Look though. I can't hear the door. I mean outside of it. They just brought in tons of food. Here's your now-work excited. Oh, I'm a lucky caller. I called when you got to eat. Yeah, it's only a very select group of callers that call when the food comes in man. And this stays with you for the rest of your life. It's great. I'm going to remember this. You'll be taking Dijel for a month to come, pal. That's what I was hoping you could do me a favor. I'm looking for a song. My girlfriend's birthday is Saturday. And you played it on FM. It's called Into the Night by Benny Martin. And I can't find it anywhere. Into the night by Benny Martin. Don't miss me. We never played that. I'm sure you did. I never heard of it in my life. Well, that's a great night. And I figured you being the expert that you are, you might be able to help me find it. But I've already done it. I've already done it. Yeah. The station may have played it. But we know. I never heard of that record. I'm enjoying the station play. Yeah, I've heard of it. Oh, you have? Yeah. Into the night. It was a writer. It's just weekend popular or just game popularity actually. It was never very popular when it was first released. Right. Into the night by BB King. Mm-hmm. Benny Martin is. That's correct. I'll nicknose from BB King. He don't know Benny Martin. Haha. Not his thing. But I remember it was on fire. Yeah, you couple of years ago. Well, listen, I'm sure that somewhere in this building, if anybody's got it, man, they got a library here. A stuff that hasn't even been invented yet by artists who haven't been born yet. Yeah. So, you find it. I appreciate it. I'm going to play it for Melody and wish a happy birthday for me. Well, we'll wish Melody a happy birthday anyway, just in case. That's great. And then, in the meantime, if we can find that, we'll do our best. Okay, Benny Martin. Are you serious? Yeah, I'm serious. Okay. Somebody will call it. And maybe if we don't have it, they'll bring it in or something. You know how that works. Great. He's a woman. I'm a converted FM listener. I used to listen to you religiously over there. I love Gonser Show. You drag me away from that. And I just thought you'd be happy to hear that. Thanks a lot, pal. I'm sure he loves it too. Oh, I'm sure. Bye, bye. Gonser, man, what's he going to do? I know. He can't be happy. Why? That we're on up. Now, can we discuss this little thing in here again about Donna and this car? Oh, yeah. Dallas was bantied about, yeah. And interesting how these get to is they hear a little gossip. Like I went to Dallas to meet with some people for like a day and a half. Mm-hmm. Which had nothing to do with my working in Dallas. Can you see me on the air in Dallas, man? That would really be a bad go over like a pregnant pole bar in July. You know, in Dallas. We've already had one assassination there. And it says, maybe with eyesley, they hear a little bits of pieces in right away. These little experts put all of a sudden together. They know. She's just got to know, man. She just has to know. Even though she hates us with a passion. And we had her kicked off stands anniversary show. And man, baby, you got some real problems. Okay? I mean, desperate. But give Bob a call up there in Portland. See how he's feeling. Okay? See how he likes those Cooper city kids. I know I like him. It's 11.30 a WIOD. And we have a ratings call on two in Miami. Hello. Get, get, get, get. Yeah, there he goes. Boy, it must be out of school today out of kindergarten. Here's one of how Josie feels about me. This right on the heels of the other one. There's ought to be good. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't been a witness in her for you for a while now. But I went to the game Monday night. And I went up to Joe, the Gaki, and asked him how he really felt about you. He really did hate you. He said no. I just spies. That's a lot better. Yeah. He said he defies you. Yeah. Well, despies is a lot better than hate. Yeah. He did hate is like the ultimate despies is like somewhere in between. And he had a knee look on his face when he said it. Did he really? Oh, I mean, he was fully conscious when he said it. He was, well, he can't be too conscious when you go into the game. Yeah, that's true. You know, I used to work with your mom years ago. Doing what? Hold red and Hollywood. Yeah. That's correct. I used to work with her when I was about 18 years old. Well, I'll be damned. What do you mean when you were 18 years old? How old are you now? I'm 33. Wow. 15 years ago. Yeah. I'm Hollywood. Boy, time is your flies, doesn't it? Yeah. What a nice lady. She really is. She still is. Yeah. I'm the doctor. I left there when they knew manager took over and cleaned house on everybody. I'll tell you one thing, boy. She can cook up a meal still like you wouldn't believe. She always see always ask me one day to come over. But I wasn't there that long. Yeah. Very nice lady. She sure is. What better than Joe? Then who? And Joe? We don't. Oh, Joe, Joe Z. Yeah. It won't be comparing Joe Z with my mother-in-law. Okay, please. Now, what's his problem anyway? No, it was he serious or are you just kidding? No, he was serious. He despises me. He despises you. See, I don't really have any feelings. I've been honest with it. Like some of the people in the building, I haven't even met yet. Like I met Rick Weaver many, many moons ago. And we used to joke about him, but I have great respect for his talent and the games. I know you've never talked about that about that. No, yeah. And Sunny, of course, Sunny, and I work together with K.T. He's one of the great people in town. I mean, just a super guy all the way around. And Hank and I get along well. And all the talk people here, we're getting along well so far. We haven't had any bloodbath. So most of the people are getting along fine. But I don't know about Joe. He puts on a good front when he comes in here. But if he hates my guts, that's his problem. It could be when you're in a rotten mood when you got it with all figure. That's true. It could be all of there. It seemed to be a growing number of rumors in that direction. But he'll come in and nail defend himself today and give me another good song. And I see I don't really care. I'm beyond that. You don't understand? I mean, they're paying me so much money. I don't care if everybody hates me. I'd prefer not because I like to get along in spite of the popular rumors to the contrary. But I do like to get along. I have discovered there's a little bit of, see, nothing is perfect. I talked about how nice everybody is here. There's a little anziness in a certain part of the building, which I'm not going to discuss on the year. But it's good, see, because if everybody's too nice, that's a disgusting thing. I know. Yeah, fine when you can have some little fuses. That's exactly right. It could have something like your own day today. All of a sudden, my mom you said hello. Yeah, tell us, Paul. Saul? Yeah. I'm sure she'll love that. That's my father's name. They've been divorced for many years. Okay. Have a nice day. Okay. You're a douchebag, Jamie Marcy, too. All right. Bye-bye. I'm going on for every's a good guy, but okay, mom. Saul says hello. I'm sure that'll make her day. It's 1133 at WIOD. I still think Joe's not a bad guy. Just needs to wake up. Right now, if you're going to go out and buy some new carpeting for your home and fix it up. Yeah. 1137. I love that. What's he saying, Gael? See, I dug that out because Nick put that on cart for us. And that kid that's calling today, who is a busy out there playing with his banana. Can he ready to go to the melting pot? No doubt. Anyway, Joe's a ganky called it off here on the bat line. He said it's all a bunch of crap and he loves us and he sent money into the Camille house. And he's a wonderful guy. I don't have any problem with Joe. I mean, he does need to wake up once in a while, but other than that. He's a good guy. And he hates us. That's his business. He's entitled. Anyway, it's, uh, 20, 20, 20, 20, little noon. In the amazing Steve said when we first came here that the sports department, a little bit of tension in the air. And then he remembered the day that Hank called. Oh, yeah. And I like him. I'm not going to rip back because Hank is a good guy. And he and I've gotten along well for a long time. I don't see a very often, but I still like him a lot. He's a good guy. And then Steve came rushing in here and then all of a sudden that tension started building you give, you notice they're throwing a few shots. Oh, a few. Yeah. Like dropped it. A little stuff like that. Anyway, I want to thank Jeff from the pizza loft right up front here because he brought enough food. I got to tell you something. Okay. So maybe they did keep my keys too long yesterday and I went, you know, they were a little upset at me out front. Okay. I want to mention a names for some reason. A little bit testy because I wanted my keys back so I could go home. Now I wasn't making a big fuss and I wasn't screaming and carrying. I just said, hey, you know, I really would like to get on here. And I'd like to find out where my keys are. Now was that an unreasonable request? Well, you're so picky. But the bottom line is that now that we're getting all his food in here, there's enough food downstairs now to feed Chinese army with stuff left over. Okay. And Friday, Joe from Tastory, Rotizaries coming in here and going to cater an entire early bird Thanksgiving dinner for the whole place. And they never had food like this before today. Ever. Now did the Dean bring now the Dean didn't have food come on here. Do you have the candy guy, Kyle? Not even a candy guy? Wow. What? That's really just perfect. So you see, we deserve to be loved even if it's for a synthetic reason. Okay. Like that Elton John video. I don't know any of the people in that video and maybe I would love them. I already do love some of them. I don't even know of them. So there are different kinds of love, right? Oh, sure. Believe me. Trust me. I mean, like very, very serious love. Okay. It's 21 till noon at WIOD. We have a Delray call about the I95 song. Hello. How you doing? Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to go to WIOD. I've been a groupie in New York for a long time. Thank you. Everything that you wanted money for I sent in. Okay. Okay. Listen. I could use another car. Oh well, you got a fact, right? Listen. I got so many cars. Now I don't know what to do with them. Oh, well. I hope you drive them all safely. Okay. Also, I wanted to know that even with Glenn I used to be a groupie with his on Saturday morning. So you see there are some of this left around. I'm over 30 and I'm not an old friend. I must tell you there are some of us that are really good people. But hey, listen, there's some people 70 80 and 90 and 100 are good people who are going to Or do parts mentally. You know, right? I don't, I don't feel I need to do it this claim or every time we can. Oh, wow. It's just a state of mind. Sure it is. And I agree with you 100%. Now, I want to tell you about I95, but before I do that, there's two very fast things I want to say. Number one that's stupid guy that called in the same way. That called in this morning about so so don't know you. Yeah. They were doing something called cross dressers. Do you know what that is? Yes, you're doing it. And it has nothing to do with them. My neighborhood we call them drag queens, but that's another story. Well, whatever some of these guys are married have children. Yeah, that's in fact they were beautiful. I wish I had their figure. Exactly. They're just like to put on little a slipper. We now in a little. Great. Beautiful. The other thing is, do you have the sun sentinel with you today? Listen, not for me. No. Well, anyway. I don't get anywhere near that thing. Well, there's a big article here about WJ and now when you're a big power. Leave the power. Wow. I bet it jumps right off the page. It's so loud. Well, it's all about how he French. But that's okay. Just don't say that again. Okay. Try to restrain yourself. Oh, shoot. I can't convince you. It must be in the, it must be in lifestyle. And I pulled it out. I mean, is it worth getting that emotional about that? No, but it's all about that. You know what it's about. What? What? Taking guard out of the school. Oh, great. It's sad. How about if we take lee out of our lives? I don't count improvement. What? I'm just going to read you. He's writing lee. Keep that pen even better. Yes. That Barbara Heggler, who is she? I don't know. Okay. If she thinks radio station WJ, I know. Talk show hostly power has been a bit too far away lately. Yeah. He is. Is he? I have a question about it. I haven't heard a father show in my life. But listen, well, what was what I wanted to tell you about. Why don't you tell him? He's putting so terrible. Yes. Okay. Do you know that that song is in the movie? Real. Okay. I went to see a great picture called Dominic and Eugene. Or Eugene and Dominic. I don't know what you're saying. I told you about that about a month ago. Right. It's a good show. And all of a sudden halfway through the movie. There's a scene in a bar in a pool hall. And they put the juice box on. And I hear. Yeah. That's great. And I saw it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What about it? And the whole thing. Now first of all, this takes place in Pittsburgh. It's for Massachusetts. Now, now get out here. It's for the. It's for the. It's for the. It's for the. It's for the. It's for the. Here's where it takes place. Why would they say? Why? We love you. But my God. Why would they say? I don't know. I don't know. Well, I didn't say. I'm 95 goes all up and down the coast. We're all away to New England. But not to put it like federal highway, but don't make a federal case. Any way, all I wanted to do is that all of these pain in the ass is that. Or I'm playing about this song. It's in a movie. We don't have anybody complaining about the song. I love it. Now. Yeah. We love it. We can relate to it. Okay. Well, anyway, go see the movie. Okay. And go see. Go see. Okay. And thank you so much. Bye bye. She was great, but God Almighty, I never thought I'd get through that. Are you going to get some pizza from downstairs? Are you going to have pizza next? Yeah. So why don't you get some? I won't be arrested. We don't have a break for like seven minutes now. All right. And what? No, he can bring it in there and then we'll bring it in here. Because he, we don't want, you know, to get him in trouble. Hey, listen, we don't care what they say. Okay. And the bottom line is when a guy comes and brings us all this food. We're going to eat some of it. Okay. It's great that we feed all arrest of these trepurs out here. All these snores that are looking for free dinners. It's going to bring a bunch in. Huh? And I'll bring some. I'll bring it in here. Don't worry about it. Just relax. Just stay in your seat. I don't want to be 44. I W I O D. From here's a four-lautterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I was first time, Paul. I'll be Dan. Yes, and I've been listening to your show now for about six months. And I converted from FM. Okay, your number 23, sir, man. I'm Tony. We're building an audience like you wouldn't believe him. Okay. I'll listen. I just wanted Paul and I see my pain. I was listening out there. Bruce. He's your neighbor. Bruce. Yeah. I heard that he's busy repainting the system. I told him he was going to have my place completed two weeks ago. And he has those to make a line. I'm not your cleaning. Yeah. Okay. And that's one thing. So Bruce, if you're listening, get your butt over here. If you're butt in there, Bruce. Yeah. And that's what I'm saying. I've got a solution for the dolphins to make them a winning team. Yeah, try basketball, huh? No, no. Traino, you know. And do the same thing away. And stick with Dickerson and get the draft choice. Get the new front line up there on the offense. And I think they start having a winning team. Yeah, that sounds like what Zeta Ford did with us. In other words, take the best part of your team and get rid of it. And then the one I want you to have a flock of use. And then they can be consistent. Right. Right. There you go. Yeah. I think of the dolphins. You know, Leo is out of tooth. I don't think he's a team player. What do you think? I know. I think you're wrong. I think Rick we were headed on ahead in his comment yesterday when he said that the or the other the day before when he said that the marino years are being wasted. When your offensive line stinks when you're, you know, secondary stinks. When you have no pass rush, you know, what the hell is he supposed to do? When a game singlehandedly, you've got to have a defense which they don't have. And you've got to have an offensive line. It gives them the kind of protection let them throw the ball, which is not happening. It's happening with the less and less frequency this year. And what can I tell you? Well, I agree with you, Val. I guarantee that there are 20, 24 teams in the league that would love to have marino quarterback. I will, you know, down back, you know, take it a place. Probably the best ball offensive center over to play the game. Yeah. Yeah. You know, he's not, he can't pull the shoes. Yeah. You know, I think marino's attitude on the field. And he doesn't look like he, you know, he's really concerned. Well, I think they've been feeling a lot of shoes over there at the stadium this evening. If you could see what's in a man, I would explain a lot of things to you. Okay. Well, I haven't been to New Stadium. I used to like the orange ball. And he was amazing. When the orange ball was here, I'm not picking on you. But when the orange ball was here, Bobby, it's still here. But when he were playing in the orange ball. So everybody used to bitch and complain, no restrooms and the seats were like, I'm comfortable because they were concrete. And it was, it was a nightmare. And it was in that area that nobody wanted to go to and the people in Broward and Palm Beach didn't want to slept all the way down to Miami. And everybody bitched about the orange ball for years. There were, it comes along. They built this beautiful new state of the art stadium. It couldn't possibly be in a more convenient location. It's right at the date Broward line. And all everybody does now is bitch and complain and moan in the area. I don't understand it, man. This town is in a positive. I never can play. I've always liked orange ball. I like the area around the, around the old, when it's at the old. A little, a little, a little, a banana. Yeah. I always enjoyed that area like go down there. Talk about getting gouged for parking, man, at the orange ball. Those people in those neighborhoods bought a used to goug your brains out. Like a flea market. If you get out of water with whatever the market would bear. Okay. I just want to let you know. And I'm not a chronic call. But I do enjoy your show and keep up the good work. Thanks a lot. All right. Yeah, I don't understand this town. I don't want to get into a big sports thing. This station has plenty of sports talk as it is. So we don't want to over it. Now, don't get carried away because you'll get yo upset again. Yeah. But the bottom line is that they've got an excuse for everything. Even before the stadium was finished, they were making excuses. Why they didn't like it and where it was going to be. And this and that pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. You know, all of that stuff. I'm tired of it, man. I get so tired of the excuses. If you don't like it, then, you know, send a letter to Joe and tell him to move the team to some place that wants him. Instead of wasting his time. Okay. And I'm not chillin' for Joe Robby because I'm on his stadium because like I said the other day, there are a lot of things he does that really tick off a lot of people to say they're very least. Okay. But bottom line is he's still a guy that put up the money and puts up the team and pays him. But anyway, how about those heat, huh? How about that heat? 1148 don't forget Steve has the last prefabricated, can drive debate on official English. I really do hope it is the last because I know that they just had the election and overwhelming. I mean, 83% I think, so I passed it. But it's a symbolic thing. And it wasn't really necessary to rehash it again. But when people start trying to make it in a law, like Steve said yesterday, and trying to enforce something that isn't enforceable, and fire people and suspend people and browbeat people because it was past, then you know the whole thing was bad to begin with. Okay. It stinks like a rotten fish. Speaking of rotten fish, now the food is going to be great. I shouldn't say that, but there isn't a Roma food probably, when doing it's way already through the window. Because Nick just came and put all kinds of food down in there. Yeah. And we'll probably, during this next break, we'll probably sneak in. Yeah, he won't bring it in here. Yeah. Okay. Now listen to Palm Beach lines, you're a little soft today, if you know what I mean. And the wild soft is the operative word in Palm Beach, especially with Lee living there now. In Boca and Del Rey, 278 WIOD, and in Poca. He just, I don't know what that one. Stop. And midstream. He's got to be waded on hold. He's doing something really good. Yeah, he waited all the way through the news. He just choked up. He couldn't spit it out. Well, I'll get some checks for the Camilla sauce today. And that's a step in the right direction. Now this is the second wave of fail. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it comes in more. Even some more bizarre stuff that just came in. Great. More for the Camilla sauce. This is like a second and a half way. Yeah, this is our third. What a male really does. It comes in fits in the story. I like that. And don't forget, if you haven't sent a check in yet, in any amount for the Camilla sauce, we really hope you will send it to Neil Rogers WIOD, Miami 33141. Here's one male to dress to Miami Beach. We're not on Miami Beach. We're close to Miami Beach. Yeah. But it's Miami. And here's another one. It says Miami Beach. I mean, this is Miami Beach. Well, it's got kind of that. It's your favorite. It's your favorite. But it's not Miami Beach. Trust me. Okay. But anyways, as long as you get to right zip, it'll get here 3, 3, 1, 4, 1. And we thank you in advance. Okay. Well, I really wonder what the hell I was all about. He just started boarding again. And then he had to like this Boko Coloury. And nothing to say, right? Neil. Yeah. How you doing today? Great. Well, I can't believe this radio station. A real working radio station. Isn't that frightening? Oh, God. And we get like male. It just comes in all through the day. And they bring it to us even. And it's just amazing. Well, I'm shocked. I mean, they tell you when you're up next and all that. Oh, Jesus. I'm at a loss of work. I know. A lot of coarser. He's like trouble. John, isn't it? Travel adjusting. Just great sir. Well, I'm counting the days down until Arena football. Yeah, me too. Yeah, me too. Why does this, uh, slamming people into the wall? See, you know, I never could get Neil into it. Now, to a speaking of sports, a police officer in West Palm. I'm not going to say pink because he's a nice guy. Semi, a whole bunch of Chicago Cubs baseball cards. And they're all set. And look at that. There's, in fact, these are from last year. I guess team crowd. Now you're all set per cane show. And they're all crazy. This is great. You can be a little bit of known as can participate. Yes, so these are from last year. Mm-hmm. Rick Sudcliffe. Chris Spire. Well, when the hell was Chris Spire on the Cubs? 86. Ryan Sandberg. I'm looking for that one. You can read that baby. I'm looking for that one real quick. I'm looking for my, um, Mike Balekicard, but I can't find it. Now, he kept out the Ryan Sandberg. He knew that. Hey, like I said, he's a pig. Now you're a great guy, pal. However you are, thanks for the cards. Yeah, go ahead. I want to ask you about a Texas. They signed a, or not, the California Angel signed Doug Raider. Is there manager? He used to manage the Rangers a couple years back. Yeah. I don't understand. He's baseball. People aren't they? It's like radio. They like to recycle the same old. Like a retrid. Yeah, retrid's over and over again. We can get a couple more years out of this. Yeah. I don't know. I understand. Uh, any success with a continental cable. Uh, well, it's not going to happen one day. You can be sure that it's going to take a real major campaign to get them off their butt. Yeah. What'd you do to take your satellite down? Yeah. Yeah. I could have gone through a big song to dance, but it's just too much red tape. I still got it. I haven't sent it back yet, or to put it more correctly. The people who put it up haven't taken it back. Give me my money back yet. And I'm tempted to put it back. You know, to go through the right proper procedure. Yeah. And to put it back up, because I can do it. I just can't put it in the same spot. We're going to have to take a tree down in the backyard and go through a big song to dance. But I think it's worth it because I got news for it. What's on that cable is enough to really turn you into a psychotic lunatic. Well, we need some more church channels. Yeah. And some more shop at home channels. Yeah. Well, they'll be cause they've got a rule there. No children under 18. All these old farts are carrying on and they're going to go to court. And they're having an emergency meeting. Those people are a drop dead. Okay. Those miserable rotten old farts. And I saw some of the interviews on the news last night. They're saying, well, we can't help it if our mother died. That's got nothing to do with anything. We have rules here. They've got to be enforced. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's it. That's this town man. A bunch of nasty rotten old farts who don't have a bone of sympathy or compassionate in their body. And they all ought to drop dead. Yeah. We're ready to take a look. I think all. Exactly. Now I saw that and it just made my blood boil. Yeah. And of course we've seen this repeatedly over the years. We had the one we had the people on my show here a couple of years ago. Remember that got kicked out in Tamorack because they had a baby. Yeah. And somebody had a pet monkey next door to them. The monkey was okay. But the baby was, you know, that had to go. Hmm. I didn't see this last night. It would make you sick to your stomach. Yeah. It made me sick. And the older doing is just keeping her there until they can figure out what to do. You know, and they're trying to sell a condo. They've been trying for a how long do they say for a while. Three months or whatever. And sell a damn thing and get the hell out of there. And they haven't had any takers yet. And in the meantime, it's like get around here now. Well, we're going to come and blow your place up. You know, I mean, these people are disgusting. Absolutely. That's what's wrong with this town. They ought to take all the old farts put them on a fleet of buses with a bunch of fleet animals. And get them the hell out of this house. Send it back where they came from. Send them to Wyoming or somewhere where they have a lot of wide open spaces. Yeah, and cold weather. Exactly. We're Janet King. Yeah, or maybe like upper Michigan, do you be? We're talking if we can say that. Oh, right. Yeah, in this station, you can say that. Yeah, the UP. They can send them on that famous battleship, the IP free them. Well, listen, have a great day. One more thing. Yeah, let you go. These news breaks you have our terminal. Anyway, we can get glad to do the news at 35. Ha ha ha. Well, last can we what he thinks about that? Yeah. Okay. Like the way to a Georgia work. Okay. Don't they install her hey? Hey. See you later. Boy boy. Okay. Don't they install her hey? What I want to tell this is, you know, a town with no heart would no compassion, with no feeling, with no nothing. I mean, they're a handful of people out there who are not in that house. They're not in that category, but the majority of people on this town are cold and icy. You know, this is a place where the weather is hot and the people are cold. That's a bottom line. The most uncaring, unfeeling, the only thing that they'll feel strongly about is like this Craptis bilingualism. That's Steve's been talking about the last two days. This bilingual thing, and I couldn't, you know, usually he and I disagree, but I couldn't agree with him more. Man, this thing has been so overdone. It's gotten to the point now where the bigotry that's involved is just seeping over the edges. I mean, it's not even nobody's even hiding it anymore. It's disgusting. Don't they install her hey? Oh, that's it. You're out pal. Don't they install this? What a town. 1048 at WIO deal. Let's go to West Palm Beach, shallow. Hey, yo. How you doing pal? Hey, hey. You're never going to get to deal with on the way forward, so yesterday. As a matter of fact, money should mention Lee Foller, because I have an interest letter that an interesting letter and resume that Lee sent to our former management a few months ago, when he was out on the beach and boy, it's a classic. I got to right here Lee. Well, get it. I'll deal with Reto indeed. Is it somebody we know? Yes. Uh-oh. Ellen Burke. What? Yeah. Yeah. I'll be done. What a car. How's the Dean doing? Oh, man. Let me tell you. He must have been promoting. He must have been promoting that TV show last night. Oh, promoting it. Yeah. That's all he talked about. Reading the script from it. Let me tell you, when you're going to go to Don't Jack and they walked a dollars before they put them in the suit. Hmm. Well, that's what it's like. They're tinkling all over each other. Yes, they mean. You know, Lee, here's my buddy this and all. How long I love you this and just on it. Oh, we should be a team. We're great. Me. Oh. Yeah. While they both are headed, their careers are both headed in the same direction. Oh, man. I tell you this. Even though, out the Dean, of course, is a friend of WIO Dean. Yeah, I realized that. It was pretty terrible. Well, I said, it was big and determined. We got to take a little break here now, but it's great here. And from you and you're an official WIO, D. Spy, your code ring is in a mailster. I'll be waiting for it. Okay. See you later. I thought we were sending out purple jelly beans and gold star. Yeah. And now what we're sending out, that's around AM. Yeah. We're sending out ones that are like 10 or 20 years younger than it's 10. Fifty, 10 to 11 at WIO D. Myrinerie, Neil Rogers, Steve Gamm, the greatest talk show line up in South Florida history is right here. Now, more with Neil Rogers on New Stock Radio 610, WIO D. 10 to 54 WIO D. This article in thenoconsental about the Margate situation that we talked about condo may let girls stay. It says in adults only condo minimum, Margate that threatened to evict a nine year old girl whose mother recently died, decided on Wednesday to consider letting the child stay a while longer. Oh, I think this big emergency meeting today. Oh, yeah. See if they can reach into the depths of their hearts and find enough compassion to let the nine year old girl stay there a little longer while they try to unload this condo in the middle of these miserable old fights. Now, is this girl causing problems around the condo? Sir, what's the complaint? The complaint is that she's under 100. Okay. We don't want those kind of people living here. We don't want anybody under 95. No, they don't like to see people that age walking around. No, they want to have to remember when they were under 100. Right. And this kind of thing goes on in this town over and over again. This adult's only thing is the most disgusting, grotesque, rotten crap. You find very little of it. There's a little bit of it, but very little of it all over the rest of the country. Here, it's like everywhere. Adults only, which is code for old, old, farce only. Right? That's what it means. 10. 55. WIDA. I don't want to get modeling and depressed, but I'm sick and tired of that kind of crap about these nasty rotten hostile people with their filthy disposition running this area. And basically, that's what they've done. They run all the young people out of four Lodderdale, at least 90% of them. They've run the beach into an outdoor funeral parlor. And, you know, they run everybody off the beach in Hollywood who's got a t-shirt that says, I pee freely or whatever it might be. I mean, it just can't stand seeing anybody having a good time. That's it. It is a real-life company. That's our slogan. Okay, let's go to a plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yep. Good morning and good morning, bird. Good morning, sir. First time, caller. I have a quick question. Have you heard from Bill Colter? Do you see Mitch anymore? Is he in South Florida? He's still here. Yeah. I'm sure, Mitch. Yeah. Well, you know, can I say something to you? And I don't want you to feel bad about this. But after a while, and this isn't a, you know, this isn't a knock. But after a while, it gets depressing for me sitting here because this has been going on for a very long time. And people calling, and you hear from Stan, you hear from Bill. I mean, they're both still here. They're both fines for our Zino. And they're both still looking for work. And I mean, it's depressing, you know? Well, what am I supposed to say? Well, we heard from caller on our anniversary over at, well, he's got, he has developed some problem with me. I don't know what it is. You know, I've got got got got you these phases with him. We all got to the track all the time. And then there was a little quite a while. We didn't see each other for a while. And then we start going to the track again. He and his wife and I start going to dinner. And then all of a sudden here about a month ago. So I don't know what it was. I forgot his wife's birthday. Oh, yeah. And that was it a time when I was trying to get out of the other place. And putting all these, you know, a job together in my life and all of this other. And all of a sudden, I don't hear from him. So I don't know what the story is, but it just, I can remember his last few days when he did the dating game or whatever. The only hard to club on midnight deal. Yeah. And that was it. And that just went well. I wish him all the best, but I don't intend to make my show for the next, you know, ten years. A rehash of where did this one go and where is now? I just can't do it. It's too depressing. Okay. And back on this mass transit. I wish him all the best. I work on the railroad. And I'm not even going to park in a lot. It's going to just be, they're going to close it down. I guess January. Oh, that's a good idea. Everybody take this stupid man's transit train. It did paint it up like the Miami dolphin colors. What man's transit train? You haven't seen it. The railroad track that is on the west side of I'm 95. I saw that on TV a few weeks ago. Yeah, they're going to five trains a day. Hopefully they'll pipe WIOD in there. That'll be great. That'll do the trick. Yeah. Okay. Now I'm really looking forward to that. I'll take the helicopter on Zent. All parents pick me up. Great. How about an ultra light? Okay. You have a good one now. Bye-bye. Terminal. It's 1058. Let's go to a Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, good morning. How are you today? Wow. He's okay too. Yeah. Hey, Mr. How are you talking about that restaurant? Yes, they have been coming to the venue. The mom of you, restaurant? Mom of you in a Greensburg, PA. No, it's a win-it. It's a late home. No, it's not in late home. It's in Greensburg. Trust me. Okay. I'd say that's the late home. Well, it ain't in late home. Green'sburg and the in there. They're there. That is correct. That's true. Yeah. That's where it is. It's in Greensburg. I'm telling you. I mean, does it really make a difference? No, no. I need their comfort time now. I mean, at least 20 or 30 people listening to the show right now as we speak. And you think they give a good damn whether it's in Greensburg or No, you know how you don't really say they gave it up. No, I think I'm going to do time-gone. I've been to this people alone. Okay. You have a great job. Thank you, sir. You call us again next year, boys. Okay. I think you should have pre-empted the news to hash that out. Yeah. Figure it out. Man, I mean, the things that some of these people get excited about. I think I've excited. And all this will do it for you on page 2A at the slum sentence. They picture a Paul Harvey carrying a street sign. They have changed part of the name or at least part of Wacker Drive in Chicago, which I think is appropriate. Paul Harvey Drive. Good day. And the boy, that's what it says for Harvey a good day. I can't do it. I can't handle it. A little bit of him goes a long way. And by the way, you will not hear Paul Harvey today in WID. He's not on this stage anymore. Okay. So if you're letting your tubes warm up, getting ready to hear Paul Harvey, forget it because you're not going to hear him hear. Go away. Okay. Henry Barrow has the news at the top of that much. No. No. Yeah. Only one thing. Yeah. I couldn't believe those working conditions over there. You guys were like, that's smaller than a broom closet. Yeah. And that's terrible. I see whips and chains. Yeah. Okay. Oh, panic. I got it. Okay. I'll just tell you, anchor.au to end. You know she doesn't know who I am. All right. All right. You all have a good day now. Thanks, Neil. You all come back. Okay. Don't forget those pie. Yeah. I won't. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Please, the white police, the TV police. Mr. Paul. Why? Why? This is what the TV police, the TV police. The TV and the world. Oh. There's two big dudes. None of the things they do. They're all too many more. Oh. It's lost. And the world. Oh. No. You're the only one. No. I don't want to be alone. I don't want to be alone. I do wear lettuce, below the desk. Oh. You're the only one. And God will go well. We have a nice breakfast. I just want to be a person. And God will go well. I do wear lettuce, below the desk. Well. Now, and I never heard of her. Who is that? I can't believe she really said that. She doesn't know who I am and she never heard of me. Well, you're kidding, man. Well, I guess it, you know, too much time in a truck effect your mind. In 1131 at WIOD, we have a collar in Pome. Hello, boy. This is like all times again. This is just like all times. What? Oh, boy. That sounds like a lot of micro-naries listeners. Describe it as hometown. And how does Mike describe it? I guess it must be just the way I are. Damn. That's pretty much the way I am. I'm just... It's like we're sitting around here to get to table. Or sitting around a bar, somewhere just... Chitchat and about what's going on. You know, Mike Winnery, starting soft-floor this day is only he can do it. Mornings on news talk radio 610. WIOD. How about now? Boy, this is incredible. And why is this thing rattling like it's going to blow up here, man? Is something real strange here today? Testing. Oh, you can hear me. Just like all times, isn't it? Oh, they're trying to make it's few times. I know, 7 at WIOD. We did hear Paul Harvey, though, right? Good morning, Americans. It's Friday. Okay, that's because as long as we hear Paul, everything else... Heels into win significance. Boy, that was exciting, wasn't it? And this is still something wrong. Because many things are just boiling. I mean, I don't even have more way up. Which is good. I like that. But, man, there's something really bizarre going on in here. Do you hear that? Can you hear how that's just like feeding back? Just like our last home. Yeah, we feel right at home now. Yeah. What they do bring Rick Edwards in a building or something? Now all of a sudden I don't hear anything. What's that all about? Ow, ow. Oh, God. Well, listen, Ben ice being Woody, I hope we have a great weekend. Happy Thanksgiving. Happy suckers. Funny Rick Edwards comes to your brain whenever something happens. Yeah, this happens. And not only that, but you know how this first break comes sneaking up before By the time we get on the air, we're going to be a little break here already. Not yet. Don't panic, Roger. Don't get hysterical on us, but while Tim will fix it. Oh, a page of the songbook from the other place and see if we can't patch it all together, right? Does Rick Edwards come to your mind when it comes to my saddening tail? I see a Mike stand hanging from the ceiling right now. I'll probably up there on the other side, nailing it through, you know. Anyway, it's ten away to Wild. I guess it's okay just that these now are so much louder, which is good, because I'm using those like until we get the overhead thing in there. Yeah, here myself. Because I don't want to wear them. Me too. No. We didn't have enough of that for a year on that closet. We were in. We don't want to wear that stuff. Anyway, I heard the Nelliest show I've ever heard in my life yesterday on this station. But you know what they say? What goes, what goes around? Come to round. That's what they say. I didn't know Jack Sturdy had his own show. Did you? I thought Steve was on in the afternoon on Wild. Well, was it? Or does that, is he like in limbo? He seems to be a man, oh man. That's... Why don't even know what word to use at this point? That creature is just unbelievable. I thought they were going to talk about movies too. Well, little bits and pieces of matches, if I can say that. But boy, I thought yesterday we had a bunch of livers calling several in a row there, which got me real nervous because we'd like to kind of spread it around. Ballants that are. That's exactly what I was looking for. And I'll get too limp-rusted. But our show was like, Curcilly. I was a follow-up man, but I thought it was that. That was seriously what the Nelliest show I've ever heard in my life. Anyway, we have some incredible stuff here. Somebody sent us, in fact, it was Luz Brews. Send us a cassette of your mama, which I'm going to dub in a Monday. You can do your own little things of beer. Here we are. Your material on Monday. And then also, Luz Brews sent us a virgin copy of the Swinging Area Dites and Walk with an erection, which we're going to be playing this morning. Wow. And we ran it by, we bumped it by Boopas and the Boopas said, hey, no problem. And this, you know, leave me alone, which is great. Okay, we are going to do our first break now. And then we're going to actually get to show on the road. And look at that. We've already got a whole bunch of lines with there. That's because they couldn't even hear us in there going. 10 past 10 at WIOD. We're near here. You probably heard Bob Sopra and me talking about the cheeky lodge and Alamurada. Bob has been down there since they read the place. I haven't yet, but I'm going in a couple of weeks. They tell me it's great. I know they spent a bundle on it. And it was great before. New Ocean Front dining room, new restaurants, swimming pool, and sun deck right from cheek is 500 foot peer. Hobicats and paddle boats, golf and tennis. And you get some very attractive rates right now. For example, now through December 22nd, cheek has got an unbeatable introductory rate of 110 dollars a night. That's based on double occupancy with a minimum two nights stay. It was also a special Thanksgiving holiday package, available, complete with traditional turkey dinner and wine. Sounds pretty good to me. Relax on the beach. Fish a little bit. Get a little sun tan and a complete family turkey dinner to boot. Thanks giving it the cheek a lot. You can call them toll free at 1-800-327-2888. That's the cheek a lot. Call them toll free 1-800-327-2888. The cheek a lot in beautiful Islamurada. When you want to make a dream come true, then you wonder what you've got to do to win the car. See sports history, get money to go on the shopping and spring. All you have to know is what it takes and that is into the A-Vis. Great seats, we have stays. A-Vis is ready to put you in a great seat. With the A-Vis great seats, sports, sweep stakes. Just fill out an entry at your participating A-Vis location between October 31st and December 10th, 1988. Brand prize is a luxurious Cadillac Alante sports car. And a trip for two to your choice of any major sports event in the United States plus $10,000 in cash. And there are other fabulous prizes, including a trip for two to win the car. The A-Vis is ready to trip for two to win the car on British Airways Concord. No British necessary, open-to-life and drivers 21 years of age or older. Boyd-Wip-A-Hibbitant, offerings to 7th and 1988. See if I'm participating A-Vis location for details. A-Vis, trying harder than the rest, even in sweep stakes. A-Vis, race, race, race, race, race. Wildee presents Chase the Dolphins, possibly by Bentley's luggage and gifts. Delta Airlines and American Touristor. Here's your chance to win great trips for two to a Dolphins away game. courtesy of Delta Airlines, we'd love to fly into chose. We see Round Trip Airfare for two. Hotel accommodations and great seats to the game. Register now with your local Bentley's luggage store. Located in malls everywhere. No purchase necessary. Listen to Wildee for the winner. Reach to his day before in a way. Brought to you by Bentley, the American Touristor. Mary and hotel's Renobody takes care of business and business traveler like Mary at a new stock radio 610 WIOD. If you're missing WIOD sports dock, you're missing the sports scene in South Florida. Sports dock, every night is 6 right here. Now, more with Neil Rogers, on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD. 1013 at WIOD. We didn't do so well at the horses again yesterday. The bird is in a run. Coming in at least second every day. Well, tell us what the weather is. My Gonzalez, four to five, second by eight lengths. So that was an exactly, you know, that three dollars to place in the show. And in the ninth race, I really, a bit to be with Big Joey Ren. Third, sensible bird, Ren. Six. And the long, well, a second, long shot on the board, Van Aruba with the Doug Valley Ente, 1 at 2380. So we really bombed out yesterday. So means we're due. I would take, I would mortgage a house today. And especially this crap you picked in the first race. 15 to 1 in the morning line. North Athens in the first race with one VV. I didn't get that out of me. And I picked in the third gallery a girl with Chavez. Of course, that's the morning line favorite. But when I see gallery a big careful, you just know it's got to be a big one. Now, when I have a strong feeling, I will tell you that I don't have a strong feeling. Okay, Mr. Rexpert over here. Yeah, right. Pdx, Thelm of WIOD. Okay, it's 10 to 14. And I can't believe the phone man are going crazy. We have one line on the board that's open. It's in Broward. And if we fill an up, we can just take a picture of the board and believe. Okay. 5, 2, 4, WIOD. Let's start in Boka. No. Yep. How you doing? We're doing it, pal. That's great. I've wanted to remind all of America that Rick Sarderman is a fascist. But hey. That was a very pregnant call to start. In other words, his opinion. He said, didn't he say in my opinion? Yeah. He is a fascist. And of course, in my opinion, okay, moving along, let's go to a lot of Hill. Yeah, hi. About a year and a half ago, I was working in my yard. I had a helper. We were putting a stop in the yard and you played a record. You were putting a stop in the yard. Is there some special reason why you're telling us that? No, no, I was just trying to explain you. We were really doing a lot of muscular work and you played a record that was so funny that we couldn't continue working. And all I can remember is that you said it was made in England in 1930. No, no, no. I was made in Canada. And it's you're talking about the reputation contest. And like, well, I'm going to play one of these in next couple of weeks providing a that my friend who's got the virgin cassette of it ever gets it to me. And be that, of course, we get approval from spike and getting approval from spike is almost automatic because he just, hey, you know, go ahead. We don't care what the hell. So you'll be hearing it. Just, you know, when you're out there sobbing when you're least expected, it'll be there. Okay. My bye. Amazing. Wow. So, I'm going to tell you what to do anyway. I've told you one thing, I must have slept bad last night because my back, you know, when you sleep in a bad position in there, your back feels like you need seven chiropractors. Huh. But other than that, I feel great because I know, well, it's psychological, I think because I know we got this great Thanksgiving feast coming in from Joe at Tap Street, Rotisserie. Right. And then we also have our understanture, the grapevine, some cheesecake coming in around one. Wow. And, man, I'm telling you, just a couple of weeks. A couple of weeks. And this week, as opposed to last week, last week dragged. I mean, it was a long week for us. Mm-hmm. This week has flown by. Hasn't it? You bet, man. It's just flown by. Even Roger said that's flown by. It's Friday. Yeah. 10, 16 at W.I.O.D. Good morning of arrogance. It's Friday. What does it tell you about an audience that needs to have some doofbag telling him what day the week it is, right? Let's go to the crime. Hello. Hey, Sue. Is this fight? What? Who is this fight? Oh, Spike is our operations manager at W.I.O.D.W.G.T.R. Phil, what? Nick, name, username, or just a real name. Well, Spike, like numerous Spike Jones. Oh, yeah. And Spike Goans, a place for the Red Sox, or the Rangers, or somebody? You remember that song? I just called to say I love you by, uh, Steady. Yes, I sure do. Well, I just called to say that you are the king. That's all. Well, thank you. Well, what a nice call. How am I nice guy? But you the king. Let me ask you a question, sir. What? How old are you? Oh, you called yesterday. Oh, you called yesterday. 33. 33. Why you're still a nice guy? You sound a lot better today. Yesterday you sound a little depressed. Well, I was. You know, if you're better talk to you yesterday, you think? Well, I see that cheered you up. And yesterday's in a row, and you're on the verge of becoming chronic. I don't believe it. But I'll be chronic. I'm going away. So I see you. One of the time you're the king, God bless you. Where are you going? Well, we're going to go to Cala happy for Thanksgiving. Oh, God. Boy, there are a lot of turkeys up there. I'll tell you that. Yeah, but this freshman, my brother goes out and shoots one. Now, I bet he does. Yeah. Okay. You have a good day now. Bye. But boy, these people just love us. Don't they? They're love us or they hate us. Like poison. There's no in between. Even that. I wonder Barbara Poison's got any mounted colder today. Just want to mention early post time and colder run. Please be very careful. You almost knocked my soda over. I had to gotten all a crap for that. When you just try not to be so emotional. What was I going to say? Thanks. Giving day. Thursday at colder post time 11 AM. Really? Yeah, they haven't early posted that people can get to their plunging over. Then go home and have dinner with their family. They have enough money left to buy. Oh, 10. 10. And let's go to Miami. Hello. Wanna see us on the sunny old? Hey, come on. Yeah. This is Jorge. How you doing? Good Jorge. Don't they stop Jorge? We've been asking that. Yeah. Well, I'm here up in North Miami somewhere. I just want to say that I've listened to you guys for a while, especially you, Neil, since you were in WINC. You remember the good times to burn out a whole lot of this. Oh, yeah, my pal. Don't be a stow Jorge. Just want to say I just want to say that I enjoy you show and listen to you all the time. You and Bernabard are great for not. Thank you. All right. You too. Man, what's going on here today? Everybody is just in such a good mood. Well, that's because the dolphins haven't played this week. It's Monday. And that's, it seems like a long ways away. It doesn't. It seems like a light year ago. Everybody wants to block that out of their mind. And they also want to block out of their mind. The fact that the Sunday will be coming around pretty soon again. Sunday night. But anyway, that's great. And you know, we ordinarily are not. We don't encourage tinkling and buck kissing in that because it gets pretty boring. But once in a while, when it comes unexpectedly like this, like when everybody calls you, they're not even given the numbers out. And they're just in such a good mood. And they're just showering you with all kinds of affection and love and tinkling all over your brain. There's nothing wrong with that once in a while. Speaking of your brain, the aliens are coming on the cane show this afternoon. Another one of these contrived shows. Steve speaks with members of the Rayleigh and movement. Huh? And there are a lot of people in this town who could use a good movement, trust me. An atheistic religion that's waiting to welcome the extra terrestrial's back to worth. Naming, bow-doin. And another Rayleigh and will swoop down in their flying swarcers at Suiclock on a Steve cane show. Sounds like another pile of you know what? Wow, right here on the radio. Wow. Where it's 20 past 10. Fat riches here, ladies and gentlemen. Good to tell you. We are really in the in the pink today. Everything great is happening. Good morning, Fat. And Rich, they brought these sodas and he also brought utensils. That's what I like as a guy who's prepared for somebody offering food. When he brings the forks and the knives and just sitting there rubbing his hands together, salivating, waiting for Joe to come from Tastriro. Tisserie also cheesecakeed one. And Fat rich also brought us something very important for you. Pharmacist out there. This is an ancel incorporated condom recall. Now this is legitimate. This is not a joke. And Lifestyle's extra strength with non-oxinol trees. I see the three different categories. Three is fours and twelfths. And we're trying to figure out what those delineate. Yeah. But anyway, be careful. Leave that to your own imagination, I guess. Hmm. It says, please hold any of the above for your account man. Yeah, I got what I think is kind of cute. Thank you so much, Rich. Anyway, it's 1023. And I can't believe these phones here today. What the hell is going on, man? They're going crazy. And we haven't even said anything yet. And we haven't played walk with an erection yet. We should play that this hour because we always play the good stuff when Nick comes in and we never give Roger a chance to get the good stuff. So we ought to do it. You want to take that into Roger. Fat grade. And we'll meet with him. We'll take a call from Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Oh, my God. I can't believe I'm talking to you. Yeah. You're talking to me. Aren't you excited? I didn't this make your whole weekend. Yeah, it does. I'm the first time call. I've never called before. I listen for a night. I don't know. And I don't mean to think of what you are the greatest. Your damn right pal, and just don't forget it. You know, and I've been to New York and I've heard how it's turned. But he thinks, you know, how it's small potatoes. Like I said, he's funny. He wants to know why because he uses those six or seven words. Right. If they ever take those words away, how it's going to have to go back to Washington dishes. You could say that again. Yeah, I'll say it again. If they ever take those six or Well, Neil, see, I'm calling because I have a problem. I think you would be able to help me. What is it? What is it? You see, I have a choice between two jobs. I can either. I'm 19, right? Yeah. And I can work for a job for $5 an hour, which I don't like. Oh, I got a third job for you that pays better than that, sir. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What is that? Just a joke. Go ahead. And then there's a job for $4 an hour, which, you know, I would like. Yeah. Oh, take the one for four bucks an hour. I'm telling you, money isn't everything. And especially for a buck an hour, how much difference is it? What are you going to do with that extra buck? Yeah. Right? Yeah, if you're right. On Neil, could you do me a favor, please? What is that? So I knew you were going to ask for something. I could tell you sounded too good to be true. Well, I just would like you to call my friend Douglas Tom and Mani. Doug Tom and Mani are douche bags. And it was very simple. I thought it was going to be like to play some along. Yeah. You know, no, no, no, no. You're sure it's great to weigh a design. I don't need to. Well, I'm telling you, they're going to be a lot of hernias in town when this show is over. Don't you feel like kind of a pain in the groin right now after this call? I don't know. Okay. Well, little girl on you. Listen, have a great weekend. All right. Thanks, bye. Man, tinklers and anonymous look out. Again, this is kind of like the Uncle Bonzai stuff. The office women. Yeah. All over town for some reason, just to really get into this. So without further ado, big time. I mean, you know, man, I said, yes, that's got to be my place. And it's worth hanging. You won't be working in his face. He is a thing stop in a mighty prison. I mean, there's just proud of way too tight. Hope and that feels your big tonight. I mean, he's been free-casing his lap for us. You know, that's a thing to slap. All the girls in the office say, say, hard on, hard on. Take my part on. I want to be a fraction. I want to be a fraction. He went in there again. He's left here, the turbo ball run clean and clear. He's up to the profit time to get a king. He's got him like a true football. Make sure that he's don't go on alone. He's been busy with just thinking you, What's the thing to do? Boy, make it the best. All the boys in the office say, Okay, okay, okay. Oh, hey, oh. I want to be a fraction. I want to be a fraction. Oh. I want to point your main to make things go around. If that's your exactable. Like the cops, who cares the big night. Take your Justin, he's been to another lake. Be fun to focus on those blocks. We might think it's service on the clock. Don't come to white, we can't so night. We'll be good stop on working by all the time. It's going to turn to floor. They try to search, choose, they don't want to be there. They're moving to black, and they're ready for the drop. They're drugs, and they end for more. All the girls will be, if they say, Hard on, hard on, Make a part of. I want to be a fraction. I want to be a fraction. I want to be a fraction. I want to be a fraction. If my regards to the Neil Rogers, telling me that I've never heard of a smudger program in my life. What is that you tell us after the next break? What about Richmond? Don't confuse him with opening the mic, because he just keeps rambling on. Nothing bothers him. I did notice he picked this head up like, Gee, did I just hear something, but they just kept going around along. Don't worry about it. Anyway, it's 1032 at WIO. They are so nice over there. You know why? Because they're so damn happy. We're not on the morning against the morning. You're the most likely leader. If you are your leader, keep away from your woman every day. If you don't think you love her, you better use our robbers. Because it's national conduct week we say. If you think this party's cover your money before you return, wrap your weapon, cover your stuff, before you want, don't be silent for that's your way. Don't be alone, cover your weapon if you don't want it. If you don't want it, pack your shortments, wear it down, stride your spot. Even if this matter, keep it right away. Your life will be sweeter. If you're right your fear, keep away from your wallet every day. If you don't think you love her, and you better use our robbers. You better use our robbers. You better use our robbers. You better use our robbers. You better use our robbers. You better use our robbers. You better use our robbers. The public service message of the Rock and Roll animals at 97GTR. Wow. And we're worried about walk with an erection? No wonder they don't care. Exactly. Well, if they can play that, we can do just about anything. No kid. Holy Toledo. We're in shock. You know, we've been excited to love you know. We're been repressed for too long. Wow. We're going to ship that over to the Colonel, so we can play it Monday morning. Once. Can you imagine? Oh, heart attack. And it'd be down from Portland so fast on the next plane. Like those ones. We got a needle from Celebrity Cheesecake. How are you doing Anita? Hi. How are you? Oh. Have you got your tape rolling? Yeah. I got mine rolling. I got yours rolling. I need to... Hey, because what I'm talking about. Who me? Yeah. Yeah, I might get it rolling. Okay. I don't think you're not following us. You know what I'm saying? What? Are we using words that are too big for you? How old are you? 16. Oh, you're old enough. Okay, listen, just do you got a roll on that, right? Right. How about your tape? Yeah. That's a roll in two, right? Yeah. Okay. Am I great weekend? Bye-bye. Hello, I'm Saul. And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about our special place. Come to York, eat the coconut. Let's go. That's right. I want our go. Take it away from it all. It was that in the coconut. He can feel that fish. I love that stuff. I'm sure he's a footballer. If you win. I got a nine. Go for Saturday. Come on. Or follow food on top of your tears. I hope it's kosher. The coconut, the night hot and the kids. The camel back and was killed. My daily and shoney. They're sheeping, making her own here. No. They're rock and cresco. Oh, we let's go home again.