I could fly like a butterfly around There all around There being around There all around Why, why… My eyes are dry and my asthma is dry So anyway, I'm lying in bed at Spuck Midnight. I'm telling you, they have turned that thing down. It must have. The overhead. Have an eternal level on that thing down. They must have. And you could go on the beginning. It was tremendous. And either my hearing is going very rapidly or they've turned it down. See, doorbell rings. Well, I hear you better, but I don't hear me. I hear me a little. Anyway, yeah, I'm in bed and I'm on a verge of falling asleep. And the doorbell rings. Now I'm not too crazy about people coming to visit at Midnight, okay? Really? Especially on an ounce. And I thought, this has to be a nightmare. This is the nightmare on Elm Street. And then all of a sudden I hear like a knocking at the door. So I go and I look through my window to see who the hell it is. And I see these four or five young guys out there. So I thought either I died and I went to hell. Oh my. Oh, oh, oh my. You know who I'm talking about? And I said, what can I do for you? Because I don't know who the hell they are. I can't, you know, make them out. It's dark. And Neil, I said, yeah, this is Alan. And from Cooper City, the infamous Alan home from Gainesville for the holidays. So wonder traffic was so bad this morning. At Midnight. So I opened a door and he came in and the other guys are like half standing inside an outside. I had my bathroom on. And he said, oh, well, you know, we just had driving by and we've started light off. I figured you were partying. Yeah, you see all the people in a house man. They're all invisible. But we're having his giant partying. That's what Alan truly changed. Well, to make a long story short, and he was, you know, and I said, come back sometime when I'm awake. Okay. I mean, give me a call and let me know. They're like four guys with him. Okay. And the interesting part of it is two of them were better looking at he is. But anyway, so this morning I go out to my car to come to work and there is spit on my corvette. Usually I put it in the garage, okay. But last night I didn't. They're spit on the front and on the back. Does this tell you anything? I mean, this or any. So I guess I was supposed to let them in, huh? Is that the idea? I suppose you put my clothes on and let them in and have a big party, right? Until about five this morning. Yeah, correct. Big party. So you're wrong. No, people don't change. And evidently he's a classic, I feel like I'm a classic example of that. Okay. Yeah. So Alan will see you one of these years. They're missing you up in games, Bill Bay. He's living proof that somebody that looks great. It doesn't prove a thing. I don't prove a trust me. That's right. Anyway, we got to take a break already, right Roger? For a word, really, this show is fly and buy. And I want to thank Uncle Mike for, well, he didn't have a choice. We just been stealing a blifed and right, all these pickles. But he had so many of these donner Herman pickles from Ohio. The kosher deals from the circle you ranch man. They are good. They are incredible. And I know that probably Linda will be calling it to either. They're not in your dad. Listen, it's great and all of that. But a little pickle here and there never heard anybody. Okay? It's 11. And media is sick and it's not bad. It's 1014 at WIOD. Then you'll rock your show. It's a Wednesday and man, I'm telling you, this is a lot to call for some of us. Yeah. When it gets under 70, I get real nervous. Okay. Well, when it goes into the 40s, it's like a major news story in this town. Yeah. Can't take. While it sure was on a local newsman, I had nothing else to talk about. And I don't know on the first story, which really, what is that to you? I'm on Brian Narkras. Listen, I, well, before we get into that, I just want to mention I have my other $500 check for Camila Sounds right in my hand here. I didn't box came in yesterday and was going to bring 500 to give us 1000 amazing. So I had to bring another 500 to match him and here it is. So that's two grand between the two of us. And it would be kind of interesting to see some of the other radio personalities coming up with some serious bucks for Camila Sounds. Some people in the town make some big bucks. Right? It says what they say. And I see the city and their omnipotence man, they open up Miami Stadium for the street people because they were so cool. As they only problem is that most of them are downtown. They're three and a half miles away and it couldn't get there. So there were about a half dozen people inside the stadium. And the rest of the homeless were out there in the streets freezing or cushions off last night. But at least they're beginning to recognize. Uh-huh. That's correct. I brought the star in this morning just in case, you know, like just in case we need it. And there's a picture of Lisa Bonet on the cover. And she does have a ring in her nose. You're absolutely correct. I told you that. I can't believe that. Oh, no. There's a ring on her nose and bells on her toes man. She's like something out of, um, I don't know what, out of outer space. Oh, look at this headline. Guess what Madonna wants tattooed on her fanny. Just in case we need it later, we can cover that. Does it say in there what she wants tattooed? Man, that has a picture. I tell you one thing. I wouldn't want to be anywhere near her fan or any other part of her man. She is the grubby, the most disgruntled, the scoundry thing. We do have a channel 10 report though. The rumor is that Terry Merriman still has her hair. Yeah. They've just got it all hidden somewhere. So they have messed. They keep doing that, man. They keep messing with these women's hair and their news. They don't mess with ants here. No. Because she'll knock them flat. They mess with that. Okay. Or do I? But is it really true that water coronises the one that's messing with the hair because man, he's all thumbs. You know, he's shaking like a leaf. Well, it's a big quest. Anyway, August Campbell, with the I-95 asshole record, is going to give us, he's got about 50 copies of the record left. What he's going to do is bring him over here, head-sharing column. Then what we're going to do is kind of like auction him off for the Camilla sauce. It about 50 bucks a piece, something like that. Great. That's not going to happen today. But it's going to happen sometime in the next few days. So we've thanked August for doing that. We've put him back on the map. Plus he was in that movie. What is the name of that movie? Dominic? Dominic and the public. And somebody. Yeah. These pickles, man, are so good. And we're going to thank Uncle Mike for allowing us to steal him. He didn't really give him to anybody. Yeah, you've got to can on the floor, a jar down on the floor, Rodgers. So you better get him fairly soon. Otherwise, some of us might just take him home. And I'm your dad. Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad. You know, that kind of stuff. Seriously, we were having our little thing yesterday. And I'm doing great. And fat riches doing tremendously. Yeah. And we had our little weekly seminar in there. And then they were going through this thing about, wow. Now those olives don't, you know, the onions and the olive, you know, I don't want to make fun of anybody. But some of these people in the program, you know, some of the powers that be able to take it a little too serious. Like I'm really going to check out how many olives are in my salad. Can't you see me sitting here trying to put them back together again. So I can then count how many whole olives they were on a salad. Okay, I'm doing great. Let's not get carried away. Okay. You don't understand? Okay. It's just a dilt pickle. I just want to salt in there. Got to salt. Man, I got to my bad. Okay, anyway. And then this morning, I'm sitting there and like I've kind of a late start. I can't imagine why. But I've got kind of a late start. And it's about a quarter of nine. And I'm sitting there. I didn't even have the TV. I'm just staring in this space. Because I usually leave about five to nine. And I hear what on the front door. And I wasn't really sure. I thought, maybe I'm hearing things again. Maybe it was that Allen experience that I hear. And so I go to the window again and I look and I don't see anybody there. And then just as I'm going to walk away from the window, I see stem. The infamous mysterious stem was there coming back from school, stopping off to say good morning. And he's listening right now. Well, just before he takes his 10 hour nap. But boy, it's really been something. It's been an exciting last. This is how I did it here. Yeah, boy. I can't believe. All these a while the young man coming to my doorstep, you know, that's the popular rumor. Anyway, it's 20 past 10. I don't think that anything happened if it did. I forgot, you know, I'm looking at them. I think he was just trying to give me his cold. Uh-huh. Well, I think they're allowed to come to your door. Are they? I don't. No, not at midnight ago. I'll know. That's ridiculous. That's that. And then that didn't bother me. I mean, you know, it was kind of weird, but that didn't bother me. But then this morning, when I get up and I see that he spit, it could be one of his friends. But knowing him as well as I do, it had to be him. He encouraged it. No, he did it. And he did it. Because I expected this alive. I heard that. That's typically a trot. Why come you didn't open up your house and turn out? Now, the light, Spencer is washing and waxing the vet right now. So it's not going to really make a big deal. One way or the other. It's just the idea to spit out. If it was like some pedestrian car, that would be one thing. But on my beautiful new vet, I don't, and by the way, you know, Sonny was in here yesterday telling me about Sonny Fox, that is about his vet is better than mine is, his black Corvette. Because he's got the fancy wheels. How's your Ferrari, Sonny? See, I blew an opportunity to really, but now he's a good guy. That was a brand. Let me mention that was a rhetorical question. He does not have to call to respond to that. That is right. How do we stop that? I appreciate the $1000 bucks and I brought my other $500 here. It is your witness, but please give it a rest. We have to be, chronic is done cut. Yeah, it doesn't watch himself. 10, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20. 24, Wilding, now listen, I want to tell you, give you a little word of warning. Okay, between now and January 2nd, the pigs out there are going to be going eighth. All right. In fact, Roger left me this thing from the paper about the new goals being out. This is the story Michael Putin and the other day on channel. There are about the date FHP pig troopers who used to have to have, let me try it again. They had a quota of 0.84497 tickets per patrol hour. Now it's up to 1.004442. How do you give 1.00442 tickets an hour? In other words, if you're going just a little over the speed limit, well, I'm going to give you 0.0042. I'll give a full ticket to the other guy, you know, even John. But anyway, the pigs are going nuts and even though they lie like crazy about not having a quota, they have goals, goals and incentive. That's correct. They make it an offer they can't refuse. So anyway, you know, the holiday times is when they nail everybody like crazy. You know, they're in a holiday spirit. They want to have a good time. So if you're going, remember when they were doing it for like two miles over the speed limit? Absolutely. That wasn't that long ago. I think that was two years ago. Yeah. And of course, it was great for tourism. You know, because it was all over the country on CNN things like that. And if you go to Florida and you're going 57 man, they're going to nail your ass and give you a ticket. They're more interested in giving out a lot of little tickets. Yeah. They're little, didn't, didn't big in traction. They like to give out a lot of, you know, the small ones. They're who are drunk out of their minds. The ones who are going 120 and all of that crap. They're not, or the ones who are going 10 miles an hour on the interstate. They don't worry about that. I don't think that's just one ticket. Yeah. If they're going 120, it's still sometimes they don't even count as 0.0057. They really give a lot. So that's just a little word of warning. And if you want to get your ass nailed, that's up to you. But some of us would prefer not to. It's 1025, WIOD. We're going to take some calls, shall we? Really? And I'm going to say this. Well, I'm not going to say it. We'll just do it as we go along. But unfortunately, because it's that time of the year and some of the pinheads are on break and all of that. I don't want to mention Allen's name. But you noticed the last few days. There have been a little more of the crankiness out there. You know what I'm talking about? I'm going to dump them all because I'm getting really tired. I mean, if it's something good, then I like to leave it on. But just a general run of the meal. You know, the usual I've got that kind of stuff. That's not too creative. It's not for exciting or interesting. And not only that, they get off on hearing it. Oh, they run it back to the radio and they turn it up and they start doing amazing things. Okay, let's see what we got on the board here. We signs a little disaster. We got a couple of lines open in date. In fact, we already had somebody hang up, I think. Right? Good. I think I can wait. Because so many years in this town, they've made me wait like forever. And so I like to make them wait until health freezes over. And it feels like it could in this morning. 751, WiodD and day. There are two open lines there, believe it or not. And that Palm Beach line that famous line eight, of course, is a six by five WiodD. Huh. And it would be kind of interesting if some of the other radio celebrities in town would put their money where their mouths are. Yes. Max came up with a thousand yesterday and I've donated a thousand. And I'm not saying that they've got to give a thousand because that's asking a lot. I mean, you know, tax deductible limits for charity in a great cause. But even a hundred or two would be great. Sure. Of course. Dear field Beach, good morning. No, you're a pisser. Let me ask you this. What does that mean, sir? That means you're a trip. Yeah. What do you think about the 10 old farts that it's a lottery? What about them? You think it would be a nice gesture on their part of the donated some of their funds to come out of the house. It would be wonderful if they would donate like 1% of the 28 million. That would be 28,000. I think it might arithmetic disc is correct. I believe so. But the problem is they probably don't spend the money they have as it is. Yeah. So it's a shame that you know, some somebody living in breathing that no, they never win the lottery. That's another reason it's a sucker bet. If you're living in breathing or if you live in an area that's heavily populated, you're probably not going to win. It's always somebody in Ochaapi or Delray Beach or some of the annual place like that. And people who are going to just plant it in the ground at the ones who are winning it. Well, I'm going to go ahead and issue a challenge to them that they're listening to go ahead and donate some that to good cause and maybe somebody else can follow up on this. Okay, sir. Excellent idea. Don't hold your breath, but an excellent idea. Thank you very much. We have a call on line one that is going to make you do a tap dance and a prayer. Hello. And he hung up. He hung up he. It says Allen Dresner on one. Now why put him on and hit everybody else. I was about 5th in line and he hangs up the phone. Not only does he spit on my core vet, but he hangs up the phone. Now what's it going to take? Take it right over to get me. What did you over this? What do you mean to get me over him? What does that mean? In other words, he was heavily on my mind. I don't know. I don't know. He came to the door like some long lost best friend. Exactly. Expecting there to be a wild party on a Tuesday night. At mid-now. For him. If there wasn't one, expecting me to start one, I guess. Welcome home. No, not welcome home. Go back where you came from. I'm sure in Gainesville, man. There haven't wild times. If he called back, he didn't call back. I think he should hang on if he calls. I mean, he couldn't have been on there more than a couple of minutes, right? Because I just saw his name. And I thought, well, let's put it on and get the real story behind the story. And I go and I punch it up and he's gone. Waste the time. Gotta be ashamed of yourself, Alan. You need a serious lobotomy. We're going to send him on an all expenses pay trip to San Diego. And you know, the frightening part is that when he came in the house and he stood there, we were chatting for about five minutes. And he seemed a little more mature now. Yeah. And he let his hair grow a little bit. He wasn't a skin head. And he looked a little bit different. And then I thought, well, maybe he's growing up a little bit, okay? Because everybody else is always ripping him, including you. And I like to even the benefit of the dot. Because I own that way. What I say, I own it. Where are we going to get every get to the point where you don't end? And then I think we've reached that point. I had a hung up on this. He hung up on us. Yeah. Finally. Alan, you are becoming a definitive douchebag. And I've defended you for the last, what is it? You're going to have at least be coming. At least be coming. In fact, do we ever have anybody who calls us as anything positive about our Alan? I know. And now he hangs up on us. Well, maybe something important here. Oh, I'm reckless. Okay, here's we, we in Wilton, Menoron, line five. Hello. Hi, sellers. Oh, my God. He's a little bit of a peepies brother from Pemberg Pines. How you doing today? Okay. I'm sorry. He has dumped my car away. I'm sorry. Members took a dinner for tea and Pemberg Pines. I sure do. Yeah. Well, he didn't like the dinner. So he ended up dumped in me. I don't blame him. Does Sunny Fox really have a perfect? I didn't see it myself. But that's the popular rumor. Yeah. Black. I'm black. When I listen, we're going to send Alan over to your house. I think that would be perfect punishment for him. If anybody could punish him, you can do it. Well, if Sunny Fox is with her, just tell him I got a case of glamour, boom. That's up by the stable. And I like to go for a seat back, ready? We're going to work. Well, I bet you would. Okay. We have a wonderful live. 1031, a WOD, and let's go. Now, what are you getting? Adjutated? Not at a. I said, we had a lot of wonderful calls, Danny. We have an open line in the date at 751, WOD. We're Alan hung up a little while ago, and also in Broward at 524, WOD. I can't believe that. Can you? I am just a... Almost you are. No, I believe. Cecilehowble was not a bearsี, but there wereulfs of animals that grew from me. You know you were alone when you had back at the moment when it went wild, the lighthouse in thecountry, libraries, and stories that I could compete with, is howバjato be given to the trucks for their families at that time, especially families knightery though, who brought theast mic, the last built a bit to the area. to be running around doing radar and chasing people for speedy. That is correct. That's the disgusting part of it. That's part of the service that is supposed to provide that attack. Well, don't hold your breath, sir. Don't hold your breath. Got that right. Yep. Thank you, sir. Okay, good luck to you, sir. Don't break down. Okay. Be careful. They're out there harassing the public. We pay their salaries. I said that for years, these pigs are out there harassing the hell out of us and waiting hiding behind bushes, playing all these clandestine games to desperately try to meet their quotas, which they, you know, most of them lie about tonight that they got in the first place. And then the meantime, like he says, if you break down out there, don't hold your breath waiting for one of them to stop. I've seen women, you know, broken down on the road, like with a flat tire or whatever. And, you know, you're going along and you see, maybe you're in the left lane on the expressway, and you see a trooper come along. And you think, well, they're going to stop and help them, right? No chance. I'm not saying it never happens, but not all that often. I'm making an open line in Broward 524-9463-524-WIOD. It's 1033 and really, and it took 22nd to pick you. Get my regards to the Neil Rogers telling me that I've never heard of a model of your program in my life. Now, is yesterday the day or today? Yesterday, I think, day for Rabbi Sam on the leaf. Follow your show, correct? Okay, that's why he's going into hiding. I guess we'll have to wait till next year. Now, look at that, there he is right on the headlines and the TV thing. What does it say? Something brings Lewis and Silver to wise guys. Is that Rabbi Sam? Yeah, of course. My amy, hello. Hello. Hey Neil. A female voice. How did you hear about the funny fox at TV, so? It doesn't have a, well, it's just a simultaneous case that is radio show, you mean? Yeah. Yeah, nobody watches it. What about it? It's dumb. Yeah. How like to do it in our sights? Hmm. What is your name? Alex. Alex? See, this is not a lady call as a young man. Sometimes young men sound a little, you know what I'm saying? Correct. I apologize for that, Alex. It's okay. But don't ever call us again. 1039, 21 before 11 at WIOD. We've got to leave that line open for Alan and case to get to see. No, seriously, in case he develops the courage, the guts to call us back and you know, tell everybody, he needs her deny or admit that he spit on my car. Right? Because I don't want to, it could have been anybody else. I mean, I can't, we can't investigate it. Precipence is already washed it off of there. Oh, it was one of the four, right? See, I could have taken like a specimen. I could have taken a little, what are they call us, glass things that they put, or a culture? A culture, exactly. Well, Alan's got a lot of culture. Yeah. I don't want to do a whole show on him, but I might. Because I was frosted, man. You know how colder was last night? Yeah. That's what I would have thought it would have almost frozen. Yeah. And some of it had dried, but you know, when it dries on there, it also, like, leaves a mark. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, of course. But there was some of it that was still fresh. Well, I'm trying to die after I tasted it. I knew what was Alan. There was no question in my mind. The type of person that would spit on a vet. You know, on anybody's car, they have to be out of his mind. On any, but again, we can't prove conclusively that was in the only way we can clear that up is for him to call in and let us find out one way the other way. I would be absolutely very confused, child, very confused, plantation. Hello. Wow. That's great. I mean, that's that's a little beep, uh, made my morning. A little beep is there, a little beep, a little beep, a little beep, a little beep, a little beep. Hey, that's great. Then how come these dummies always say, um, Guy's speaking to Neil. I mean, when I hear the beep, shouldn't that be an indication of just something going on? Yes, it should be, but, you know, some of your audience is just not all together with it. No, no, no. Could have fooled me. I really, you know, listen, I had a radio accident the other day. I had a real radio accident. I got WI-N-Z. Ooh, on a Sunday. You're the guy, huh? Yeah, yeah, I was the guy. I even marked down in my book. I got news for him, and they're like, they're like, they're in intensive care and have won last gas blif. History ain't the word, but I wrote, I wrote, one of the last vestiges of Ptocho over there. Yeah. He started ripping IOD. Did he really, really talk about it? I did. He wants to play. It sounds like ripping IOD for one. Well, for the sports coverage. And. No, no, sir, don't get emotional. I can't come on. I'm not that excited. I mean, I were ever choked. I've never got that much emotional before. I know, but I was listening to my mouth hit the steering wheel. Or my chin hit the steering wheel. He's hitting it for the sports coverage. He, uh, he was really ripping the heck out of Uncle Steve. Was he really? Yeah, and he didn't have a very nice thing to say about you either because it's a shocked radio. Oh, isn't that great? That's amazing when I was over there. How he was always, you know, he's all over my leg. That's amazing. But now that I'm here. Yeah. See, I know the same could be said of me in Steve, but there was a natural rivalry that goes back to when we were at W News together when we didn't get along well. And that was an ongoing thing. But I mean, talk about doing a quick turnaround. Here's a guy who does a weekend show who now wants to become as you say a player. Yeah. Well, that's a sounds like he's gone. Well, we're really the official, uh, Superball station and IOD. No, no, they're not the official. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Well, he, the only reason that he can say that is because CBS has the Superball. So because they're the affiliate, they're going to have the game. But WOD was designated as the official Superball station. Okay. That's not what I was said. Well, I reckon stick it in his butt. Okay. Well, Retire, I had the same feeling. And I don't even hire a, I, Ra, is, you know, which is, you know, we're in the business. I was so far out of the business that it's just a joke. Okay. Yeah. Well, that's not only that. Well, this other crap is window dressing. The bottom line is the trend came out yesterday. This station has a four six. They got a two eight or something like that. Those are pretty close to whatever the numbers are. And their demographics are ancient. Okay. Well, you know what they're trying to do. I mean, they, and not only that in the morning drive, they took a dive. They went from a four six to a three and Reneri's got a six one. He's got more than double their audience. And most of his people are still alive. What do you expect from people who want to just do the do? Yeah. Well, listen, listen. They're going to be on the drive for over nine. About four years ago, all news in his market. And they're trying to resurrect it. Which just ain't going to work. I mean, even Jesus himself couldn't, you know, come back to life at that place. And, and on the FM, you know, they again continue. Oh, well, we made the right thing. We've turned a quarter and we had that new ylon and his audience didn't listen. The rest of the station. Well, we're gone now, man. And the last trend shows, nobody's willing to the rest of the station. Anyway, with or without us, okay. So at least they had a morning show and they had some great demographics. And we were number one in a lot of categories. they're going to be consistent all day long and they're going to have that classic crock. Who was it you're fault that nobody wanted to listen the rest of the day? In their mind, yes. Yeah, that's why I know that comes as a shock to you sir. I'm in there. What's mind? Yes. That does come as a shock because we could have only been more positive. But we could only said, hey, we're going to wave a magic wand and force you people to listen to stuff that you don't like and then nobody wants to hear anymore. You know? Yeah, as I remember when you led in when you would believe in Suspana, it's bad that's very good numbers in the F2. The I don't want to hear Bob Dylan. Okay, in other words, I don't want to relive the 60s. I don't want to hear Bob Dylan. Yeah. If I want to relive the 60s, I just assumed listening to a lot of the stuff they're playing on magic, which is doing very well, by the way. And here, Motown and a lot of the stuff that I enjoyed in the beach voice, I don't want to hear Bob Dylan. And I don't want to hear switch or who I spend 50 times. I mean, I like the record, but I don't want to hear 50 times in the same week. Yeah, how about the doors? And the door. And I like the doors, man. I got every record that, you know, when Jim Morrison was alive, I got every door's record that they ever made. But again, they play them so much that you get to the point where you get sick, they just burn you out. Yeah, well, I haven't turned on Zeta or I am seeing a long, successful S on the end. I was sorry I did. One of the questions. Yeah, but we wouldn't have this exciting conversation about it. That's absolutely true. Well, I hope you've learned something, sir. I have. That's going to push that middle button anymore. There you go. If you don't go for them, have this kid yet. Yes, I did. It was a baby boy and it's healthy and wonderful. And thank God it looks like a lower-right thing. Oh, good. That's great. Okay. I bought 1045 and WIOD. There's one of our IOD spies. We have an open line in Broward where we just talked up if you move very fast. At 524WIOD, not spring and already. We got the Bokaline. How about that one? I want an auctioneer. 278. WIOD. You heard me? You hear what I said? I couldn't believe it. Can you imagine that douchebag, Ira, ever. Now he's going to play the game. He's going to start ripping and all of this. You know, Ira gets serious. You're a nice guy. You're a tall coast like I'm a brain surgeon. Okay. These weakenders. I know. They just delusions of fantasy. That's no. He's going to be doing that kind of stuff. That's not going crazy. What's your only got this weak anyway? Isn't this weak the one the biggie? The biggie? He's got, I think, Heinrich Himmler and Eva Brown in stereo. Oh, Tubby Boots. Thank you, Raj. He's got Tubby Boots. Yeah. You know what? Tubby Boots always says, what goes around comes around. Tubby, I know. Tubby, I know. Tubby, I know. Tubby, I know. Hi. Do you remember when you were growing up in Rochester, a program called Honey D? Honey B. Yeah, under busy B. The busy B's was on WBBF. Right. I could think of that. Joe D. Nick Nixon. What do you know who Honey B was? That's why I couldn't have been Alan Dredger. That was what I thought. That's what this is. Are you serious? I guess in this period of time. You're not feeling too well today, by the way. Rho. Jessica. I know. That's why she's not feeling too well. I was reading this wonderful book and I thought I might have called Neil and recommended the book. But Jessica said that she would rather had Ted Kennedy driver home, so that's as you have this for she was. Well, it's called Almost Golden. Yes. The whole story of her life, including the years that she was going to Issa Cacaui. She went to Iraq, Syster, and worked on this radio station. That would be the end. Isn't that marvelous? Hmm. And you know, there's a guy who's over. I think he's still over a Channel 33 because I did hurricane a baseball on 33 a couple years ago. And his name is Jerry. Is it Jerry? Now I can't think of his last name. He's the general manager of Channel 33. And he used to be up in Rochester. He was on Channel 13. And I think he was on B.B. Jerry, um, car is in it. I'm looking in the back of the book under the, yeah, in Gets to see if there's a name. Yeah. A last name or anyway, you would enjoy this for so much. Great. Because it tells the story of the early days of television. When radio was, you know, it was blending from radio into television. Yeah. And the fantastic stories that go on in these radio and television stations, which of course you know about, but I really would like to recommend this for you. It's called almost golden. Okay. And it's by somebody named Gwenda Blair. Blender. Oh, yeah. The reason I called is when I read that, that you were a young man, probably listening to radio in Rochester. I certainly was. WRVM, which is not near anymore. WRNY, which was the same station. Right. WBBF, WHAM, WHBC, any meet from Canada, when New York has been dead for many years, by the way. Yeah. Well, don't you remember this girl named Honey D. Morton Usbaum, Nick Nixon, Jo Dean. No, I don't already told you that. Yeah. Well, Jo Dean is mentioned very orphanage. Well, that's right. I'm sure that the bird is excited about that. I'll check it out. See if I can't get a copy. It's in the public library at the Broward Community College. Okay. Well, listen. I got a lot of friends at BCC. And I'm sure that the maybe Allen will go buy and get me a copy. I'm going to get back to the day. By the way, if Allen's resident comes to your door with a bunch of friends, tell him to forget it. You'll never find me. Okay. Have a good one. Bye. There. I'm so grateful for that. I'm going to embarrass him into calling back, because I can't believe that he would. I'm sure it must have been him on the line, because I knew he was going to call today. Another piece back from Gainesville. Mm-hmm. And he hung up. I can't. I still can't get over that. And you heard what Neil said. I guess I should have invited him in last night. It's 11. Who's he's? Butch. Bear. The first beer brood for women. Buy women. When you grab a bush beer, you're taking hold of the Billie Jean King of Bears. Buy a brood from the Cashington Water. So French leg into yeah. With bush beer, you've got to be here with girls down easy. Taste it. You'll know why it's our personal best. Go grab a bush beer. I'm gonna give it. Go grab a bush beer. I'm gonna give it. Go grab a bush beer. I'm gonna give it. Go grab a bush. I do. Butch beer. Let everyone know you're more than just a woman. You're a gal who can take it like a man. Match butch well pack off the guilt today. And crack open off bush. Just ask any woman. I'm the whole. It's a good idea liquor. Go grab a bush beer. Like they should pay for. Go grab a bush beer. It's gonna play for. Go grab a bush beer. It's gonna play for. Go grab a bush. And go grab any liquor. Bunch beer. Strong enough for a man. But who needs one? Go for the gustle. Strapping belt. A bush beer. Sure toss the line. But don't pick her on the price. Bunch beer. Come and find the bush flavor. Lickety split. Go grab a bush beer. And give me a mish. Go grab a bush beer. And every pretty much. Go grab a bush beer. If go down quick. Go grab a bush. I'd go to baby liquor. Bunch beer. Brute by Ann Houser Bush. Fresh lick Indiana. A division of time went on in the streets. He refilled Spetalvania. The next time you're eating out. Order a bush. 1117 at WIOD. Now is this the MS here on two. It says Allen's friend Mike. Hello. Holy. Ha ha ha. That was Mike all right. I wish he was a big green one. Big guy. A big sniding loopie. Not a kid. I read on your windshield. Thanks a lot, Alan. Bye. Okay. We have an open line in date at 751-9463 that's 751-WIOD. That was not Allen's friend Mike. Now. That was Mike's friend. Allen. West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Great. I called you the other day about my wife. I was in the lab. Oh, now this is like the third call on this man. Talk about getting chronic. No, I'm not the one. chronic alert. I know. I know. That's not the reason I was calling. And when you call the second time, you said the same thing. I called you the other day about my wife. What's in that rap crap. Yeah. That's what I said. Yeah. Yeah. I wonder if you could do me one favor. No. Not a chance. We have an open line in Palm Beach. 655-WIOD. Finds open. So Allen can call it. Northman. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was another day day. Yeah. I think it was another day day. I was tired of being a Mr. Goodbyg. So when I saw Ms. Hershey standing in the powerhouse on the corner of Clark and the Sys�avino, I whipped out my water and whispered, hey sweetheart. I'd be lucky crumbs on my big house for a million dollar bar. She immediately went down on my 60 row and you know it was like pure almond joy. I couldn't help but grab her delicious mounds. Because it was easy to see that this little twic has the red hot. It was all I could do to hold back a knicker and crackle. It's my butterfinger went up her tight little kick cap. And she started to scream, oh Henry. Oh Henry. Soon she was fondling my feet or falling diagnosed. And I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew my milk. That's clear to Mars and gave her a taste of the old Milky Way. She asked about him to him and then I said, hey, chocolate. No, keep yourself. I said, look, you little red bean. Don't be as the row. Be a lifesaver. Why don't you just take my watch in my collar then. Flip it up your bitter honey. Ooh, what a piece of juicy fruit she was, too. She screamed, oh, cracker jack, you're better than a three musketeers. As I ran my bean-done up her rocky road and into her peanut butter cup. Well, I was given it to her good and plenty when all of a sudden my starburst. Yes, look, wouldn't have it. And she started to grow a bit chunky and you can play never wriggly in her stomach. And then she ran a nine month later outpop to Baby Ruth. 20 and after 11 at WIOD, I look at that, that line tree. There was somebody on there but they disappeared again because we knew that was, they knew it was ending. We were coming back and they wanted to make way for, you know, who? The 751 WIOD man, we're just really desperately probing the outer limits today to see if we can't get that. Because I'm sure there's a good explanation for it. Must have been a kid Mike that spit all over my fat. Miramar, hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Well, Neil, did you guys get into a little spatter? Something, why would he spit on your car? No, because I didn't throw a party for them. Don't you understand? I said you left upset. No, I didn't think that they were upset. But again, you got to understand 29 past 11 at WIOD. Like I told you, man, they're all going to get clip today. Air every single one of them. This has been quite a day here. Yeah, sure has been. We have an open line and no we don't. Look at that. They're both, I'm going to punch up that tree again just in case. Hello. Neil. Yeah. You know that woman that crawled in before? Yeah. Make her enemies get cramps and then I ask as they dance on her grave. Okay, sir. And made a good news to be yours. That was good. I like that. That was excellent. Short, right to the point. I don't get to message. I don't want to talk to her. Okay. And here she goes. No, I don't dislike you or your show. I don't know. But I don't blame anybody for spitting on your car because yeah. Aren't you nice, lady. Well, do you talk about the fact we don't have a lot of women at call? The fact is, I'm not so sure I want to hear from him anyway. Well, I know. Because I always used to be some time ago. I felt that when he heard a female voice, it was like a little safer. You know, you could kind of like let your guard down. You don't understand? Yeah, not anymore. You remember that one morning that we had like two almost in a row? Those two famous ones? Yeah. Almost back to back. I mean, you talk about potty mouth. And then of course there's always Susan Martin. At least she doesn't call. No. But boy, you could see some of the exploders and those letters. Oh, my God. But of course, you know, each one is a good indication of Susan's IQ. So you keep writing Steve all those lonely hearts letters. Susan, I'm sure that you'll really, she's not getting it. Oh, that's true. Well, she may be on the pot. Only when she's on the pot. That's she's listening. Mobile and Broward. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's happening? Oh, it's, I don't know what's happening. If you find the answers, you let us know. I'm looking at it up now. Oh, sorry. There's something. I don't know. Oh, you got Don Webb's Disarrise today. Good. Yeah. I'm looking up for, you know, trying to find out what Steve came and shows going to be about today. I heard he's going to have like one leg. It lesbian nuns on or something like that. Yeah, that's in a second hour. Second hour. Okay. You know, it's getting real, real terminal with those rabbis and the brown. He wants more. He's got open phones today. So he wants more open phones, but spike, you know, that's spike. We got to do something with him. Well, what's with the spike guy? I mean, what's his problem with that? I'd rather have to get a question. We're trying to figure that out. Well, he's just one of these over manipulative PD type guys who just feels he's got a stick of spinger in the broth, you know. And I hope he burns him. No, he's a good guy. He's just over involved. He just leaves Steve alone. I can't figure out what this demo with the, you know, people should spit on your card. They'll let's go. What's your problem? Is there any way you guys can trace those calls? We can trace this bit though. I can trace this bit. And what you know, I see I don't like to threaten to do that because then it, it sounds kind of juvenile, but the thing of it is when you get, when you've been cranked enough and it's obvious that basically it's the same, you know, two, three, four morons. Southern Bell security puts a thing on it. And you know, there's no way for them to know it. And then at that point, they got some real problems. We've already done that in the past and it, it creates some serious problem. In fact, one of the guys that we got two years ago and I and Z, you remember KB? Yeah. You know, I'm talking about the chip off the old, you know what? And he, he called again a couple of days ago. I know it was him. And they, they really nailed him to the wall. You know, in fact, he's been cranking all kinds of people, but some of these people are just compulsive. Yeah. The question is, what would young Neil have said to this lady? Oh, you're not trying to give me a answer. I would never, I mean, Neil. I would never do that, but I'm just really curious, you know, what would young Neil say to that? I know. You know? Great call. Great call. Better than they say. Have a great day, pal. Good day. 1132, a W.I. Tony, who knows Allen. Uh-huh. Well, I like this representative of his friends today. I think it's not very, very good. Oh, God. See, I'm sorry that I ever even started with Allen, you know? Well, finally, you can't believe you, oh, that you ever told a story. Yeah. Because that's what started. If I would have just not told a story, I wouldn't have been joking around like this, but I thought, and then when I saw his name on the thing, you know, but it wasn't him. These are just more of his Cooper City mouth contents, more that crowd, you know? Anyway, speaking of the Todd, didn't I know?