Yeah, I have the number for the Sun Sentinel. I need to order so I can cancel it. 9255511. Okay, I don't have it now. I'm going to wait a minute. No, that's not the right number. That's the wrong number. Oh, geez. That was the Sun Tattler number. Oh, I don't have it. I don't have it. I don't have it. You have to call information, you know? Okay. I have a number for Erosmith. They're never wrought by. Have you called out yet? No. Okay, you want it? Yeah. Okay. 660 1200. Okay. Great. The bird. Yes sir. You're not a whimp, just a whimp. You're so kind. You're so kind. I'm glad you clarified that for us now. Oh, do things before I go. Okay. It was terrible. Okay, it's a hate. No, it's a hate. No, it's a hate problem. You enjoyed it. Not that was good. 819 on Z4. We have an open line of dates. 620. What? 620 36 hybrid. Well, I'm getting really tongue tied after that. Well, that was just for everyone on hold. 620 3600. It's amazing how much of my material just sales by your brain and never even makes an impact. Let me make sure that we were on delay. Oh, wait a minute. Now, what do you mean make sure that we were on delay? What the hell is that all about? Wouldn't that be quite an awakening? Oh, and what do you said? We could let it go. Now, what did you say? He wouldn't have enjoyed it as much if I wouldn't have dumped it. Now, what did you say that I missed? What did you say? Well, we're not going to go forward on this show, not backward. We never got insultants. Yeah, the freak out. Exactly. Consultants would have an nervous breakdown. It's like, but I did that on that record. Didn't I with the guess who? And I say, I always do that. I always do that. Hmm. Because I think it's nice for the audience to have some idea of who it was and what the name of the record was. Just in case they don't know. Pretty robust. It's like there are a lot of young people listen to the show and they don't know from sheer the land of the guess who I know. They like it, but they don't know what it is. My lifetime there have been many of those experiences. I liked it, but I wasn't sure what it was. Yeah. It's a 20 on Zeta Floor and we'll come right back. 23 after eight on Zeta Floor. I want to thank our friends at the Tastriro Tisserie for the 8,000 gallons of honey mustard today. I don't know what I'm going to have some real wild weenie roasts I guess in the future. Now, the happens. That stuff is too good to waste. You got enough? Well, for this week anyway. Now, in a couple of minutes, we're going to have, if Patty Murray is listing them sure she is, we got something that's going to knock her socks off in just a second. If first, we got to take this long distance call on three. Hello. Hello, how you doing? Pretty good. Where you're calling from? All right, calling long distance from Paparobiche on the day line. Yeah, well, I can never get through on the bride line. Yeah, well, when you're in Paparobiche, you got to start calling when you're young because you age very quickly up there. No joke, man. You know, on this blue hair. I love the way they drive up there. Well, I'm talking to they just put it in reverse and just let it go. They got it coast. Especially in windmower village in coconut Creek. Yeah. I have seen them believe all. I've seen the century villagers out in West Boca. Now, in West Boca, why but to that's dangerous. Yeah, about two months ago, a guy drove through a pool through a pool area and took two people with him and killed them both. Terrific. My name is taking a little shortcut. You know, no joke. You want to take a couple with him, right? Right. I called because you said they're going to pass this code, spoken by our county. That's what it says. Yeah. Well, they passed this code book and Palm Beach County schools three years. Yeah. All right. If you have a water gun, they can spend you for three days. Wow. All right. If you have a time to figure it, you get a Y, which is the opportunity room, which is in housing suspension. Opportunity room, what that's a, in a cute way of putting it. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Plus, all the schools are sandspin, all the high schools are sandspin. Oh, yeah. All right. And you cannot even think about getting near the fence. That's where somebody gets near. We had a call from one of the principles of in Palm Beach County. What was in a Heinrich Himmler? Oh, that's right. Yeah. I mean, you could hear Nancy S. And after singing in the background, these boots are made for Watt. I'm telling you, it was dangerous. But I went to Boca High. Yeah. All right. And Dr. Johnson came in in my first year. Okay. And the school was in St. St. Mary. Yeah. And within like a month, the school was St. St. Oh, Dr. Johnson. I remember his brother, Dr. Mangala. Yeah. Dr. Johnson was a, I, I put a lot of privilege. Perfect. You know, he got the school under the split. This is playing again. Yeah, discipline. I know what that's all about. Yeah. Yeah. He wanted everybody under his thumb, I guess. You know? So to speak. I hope you all win a lot of money today. I hope so. And I tell you if we do, we'll just share it with the audience tomorrow. And birds, why don't you go with them? Yeah, you ought to come out there. Your public would be awaiting you out there. They'd be just delirious. Yeah, right. I'm talking to you. Well, I'm having a good time. OK. Hey, take care now. You too. Hey, hey, if you all need anything delivered, call them. Limpic delivery service and bokeh. OK, and say hi to Dr. Mangala for us. Hi, I'm feeling fine. A 26 on Zeta Fort. In fact, yeah, part of the new discipline code and Broward County. That says no heavy leather, no whips and chains. Only the faculty can bring the whips and chains. Oh, this is a little recording. We did yesterday a Teravila High up in the crawl Springs. OK, it was a little lecture from from Lunge Break. It's a 27 after eight. And what a town this is. Isn't it great to live in almost America? I mean, we're closer. We're like a stone's throw from the states here. We're almost close enough to get there by bus. What is he doing? What is he doing? He's going to turn around, reading the paper. I'll tell you one thing, if he starts getting to learn how to read the racing form, you think it's bad now. You'll never get him to bond in a show, man. He'll have that form in every morning, scouring, getting the scratches and just going out of his mind. What's the scratch? Don't tell him, OK. Oh, God. Don't even tell him. Yeah, next, I want to know about first time in a Lasix horse is OK. I don't encourage him. I was just talking to Ron Harris. Well, that's good. Yeah. And he just had some guy on his show that is a DJ in Baltimore who refuses to get off the air until the Orioles win a game. And he's been on the radio for like 50 something. He's been on for a long time. Now they're playing Milwaukee again tonight. And then they have a day off. And then they're playing Kansas City, starting Friday through Sunday. Oh, what are we getting? It's playing Kansas City. At Kansas City. Oh, I'm the road. So they probably won't win that. So this guy's going to be on maybe for like the whole season. Great. Another month. It's 828 on J to four year marathon station. Why don't we do something like that? Yeah, for our Major League baseball team, OK? Well, no, I think this is great. I got an idea. Why don't we just stay on here till we get our Major League. I don't know how to maintain my team. That's it. I'll be on here forever. Well, I have to send our bets over to Calder. Now, come on, you guys. Those birds made history. And you guys are making fun of them. I mean, come on. So anyway, 829 on J to four of you're wondering about that. We did have the ball score is here someplace. Let's see. Is this them? This is them. Wow. What's there? They're walking beat them. Them there birds. 8 to 6 of Baltimore's lost 14 in the road. The worst started the history of Major League baseball. And there's no end-in site. No immediate end-in site. Cleveland be Texas 2 to 1. In 10 and AC, the Yankees beat the 27 to 6. He had to beat the White Sox 5 to 4. Oakland 9, California 8. That was a good throw. To Rado, we showed our Kansas City 3 to zip. Boston. Detroit was rained out. Maybe. And the Nation League was Montreal 5 Chicago 1. Pittsburgh beat St. Louis 8 to 1. The buckos are just sizzling. This sure are. They are down in that iron city by the Gallon in Pittsburgh. Let's beat Philadelphia 6 to 2. Giant's beat the Reds 5 to 3. Houston shut out the wonderful braves. One to nothing. Those braids. San Diego at Los Angeles was rained out. Stanley Capaki, Boston 4. Montreal 3. And New Jersey Devils beat Washington 5 to both those series. Top of the game of peace. Hmm. Okay. And a four. And a call from beautiful Miami Beach, Chello. Hello, New Ohio. Okay. I like the way you put that on Mr. Crier on the spot there. Yeah, that's the town cryer. Yeah. That was great. Now I was wondering if you could do me a favor. Oh, now this isn't a request. Is it? Oh, no request. Okay. I'd like you to come out and turn. He buried it to Spag. Hey, bury you're a subhuman piece of mong and a douchebag. I'm writing the old. Yes. Is he one of those lawyers in love? Why don't I have to change what? A break doesn't need to commercial. No, they love that one. No, no, no. Yeah, but that's a classic. Kyle is still with us in spirit. He's in the building. He's certainly in a still kind of like a hangover. He's sure like a cloud. He's still around. I know it. I know. I know. But not today. I called a break. All right. Thanks a lot. I'll see you there. And the box up there. Okay. Okay. I'll let it. Hey, you're not supposed to break a leg when you talk about horse race. I think you're not. If you go into a play or you start a new business, break a leg is go. But when you're talking about horse racing, it's a G. It's just not the kind of thing you say because then your horse kind of isn't too anxious to get in the starting gate. Really? Hey, 31 on Zeta 4, you're horse and around station. Yeah, I'm psyched. I want that racing form right now to hell with all of this. Okay. We're going to go in 40 minutes to go. Yeah. I bet you're somebody in this audience has got access to a racing form for their call. Seriously. Probably with guys. I haven't talked about the fact that there are so few new stands in the right down the street. Seriously. Haven't we talked about that fact many times that there are so few new stands in a area because this is not a place where people even read. What are you trying to say? You have to find a good news stand where they carry the racing form that this community doesn't need newspapers. Probably not. Probably not. Look at me. I don't even get any newspaper anymore since I came on FM and became totally illiterate. I know you were one of the only, I heard you talk about on the air one time. You were the only other person I knew in South Florida that got the Washington Post. We delivered to their house. All the New York Times and a Harold once upon a time and a slum Sentinel and the news. And I just used to get all in time and newsweek and US news and last summer we used to have the news or for the observation and all of that crap man. What a newspaper. I know. So anyway, although I will say this the times has got the world's worst sports section. So if there's anybody. But that's not their med she is. I mean, there's still pretty redsmiths. It's not bad the time is. It's not died like two years. Most incredible newspaper in the country. Most awesome. A terrible sports section. Well, forget it then. Now I've got speaking in newspapers. I got that article. I was telling you about from two days ago. No wonder we don't get it anymore. Wait a minute. You know what I almost forgot before you do that. I got that something special for Patty Murray coming up right here. Great. Great. Here we have this one. I remember this. Do you sure? It is. Where am I going to call the gold everybody? It's right. I get close to the tape. Nobody can do it. It's just great. I don't know. I don't know. That is frightening. You notice the record. Pretty woman. You think that David Lee Rothwood record a Coca-Cola spot if they paid him enough? But they're not asking. You notice the difference. They're not asking. Because even software companies don't want to be connected with some Limp-Risted Strange bizarre creature. Wait a minute. What about Pepsi? Why do you think I just said that? She's slow. Why don't you rule the little lady? He just doesn't understand the show at all. I can't tell. You're so good at being. What about the line that my Pepsi makes me crazy? Straight forward. Twenty six to nine. I'm doing it for you. You are just. You guys don't even pay any. You don't even understand what this show is about. And you're part of it. That's the frightening thing. Oh, what is it about? I don't know. It's kind of like you're lagging in the distraction. So anyway, what were you about to say there before we got Roya Robinson and Tension again for Patty Murray that Fat Bitch? That what I was saying a couple of days ago in this article. Where is it? No, wait a minute. Is it fat bitch or dumbass? I think both. Oh, man. Go ahead. They're talking about writing humor. And he says when a funny piece comes off, it flies as close to having as a writer as likely to get. The moment my candidate for the funniest writer in America is Dave Barry of the Miami. Oh, geez. When he is good and he is good almost all the time, he is hilarious. Who wrote this? Mike Spindell? No, this is a national. This is a national article. Yeah, right. James J. Kropattrick. This is his universal press into kid article. But he has him the paper every day. Yeah. He relies on wild exaggerations of the familiar circumstances. And he pulls them off to Furby. Yeah. And he compares them to art in both wild. Oh, he compares them to art, bucklub. And it's serious. Mark Twain. Yeah, Mark Twain. And the will Rogers. Oh, God. Maybe veal Rogers, okay. Do you think maybe will Rogers is in your ancestry? Yeah, he's in my family tree. In fact, we try to shoot him out of the tree the last night on the backyard. 24 till 9 out Zeta 4, we'll come back after this. 839 out Zeta 4, the New Rogers Thursday show. And how much you want to bet about this mobile caller still be online? Okay. The odds are 4 to 1. He's gone. Is he gone? Yeah. Okay. So we have an open line in date now where that doosh back the mobile disappeared. 6 to 0, 3600. That's 6 to 0, 3600. He kids, one of them bear us major world powers and dredge up 40 years of horrible memories. Yeah. You want the new Clouds Barbie doll. Yeah. Every Clouds Barbie doll comes wrapped in its own miniature bulletproof witness day. Woo. Imagine the hours of fun you'll have cross-examining your very own Clouds Barbie. Come on. Think of Stoodle Brains. But you Clouds Barbie doll comes complete with brown shirts, stormed to reboot. Think ID and passport. Kurt Wolheim doll sold severedly. Oh, right. Clouds Barbie. You can tell he's much snow. He's now. Okay. Little something special there for the members of the Brown County School Board. And. Okay. Here's the highlight of the morning ladies and gentlemen. Something that Captain Dave I know has been waiting for with Bayden Brett. I'm serious. The thing we did in there was like, well, why not? Let's try it. That attitude that we go over this album. You're walking to her. We're in that room. That was it. Like for you. No. Doing the. The track for the. The percussion track for a. Promenification. Yeah. There's like three or four of five of us in the room. I went there with Bruce. We all play in different stuff. Thought this man's just set up the mic and then. Oh, he's wrong. He's just like that. Yeah. Anyway, the album, the great thing about it was that we had the song. So type before we went in, then we could. We could go. Wait a minute. What did he say? Oh boy. We got a whole simple. Okay. Well, listen, that's great. That's the time. And that was a aerospace. That was that night. That's the 900 aerosmith line. You know, unfortunately, we had to delete some of the exploitation of a rock band. Exactly. Different type of stuff. They have a different lingo precisely. So anyway, it's 18 to nine on Zeta 4. We're sorry that we can't play an aerosmith on a show anymore. But Captain Dave is absolutely. It's. It is. It is verboten. He will not permit it for boat. And he's going to start giving us bogus tips on these horses. If we. If we play it one more time. Okay. He doesn't want to threaten us. He's already thinking. But. Yeah. Boy. Yeah. Yeah. Things to do today. And I know what's going to happen. Just like yesterday. I was supposed to go to the gym. Oh, you're not going out there today. Okay. Well, I might just give you like a bundle of money. No, no, no, no, don't. Don't put any responsibility on me. Okay. I'm not going to get involved in this. Don't delay that trip. It's not the same. People don't say here. Here's 10 bucks put them on the one that the guy said. Yeah. It's not the same. Because when you're there, you're looking at the odds down the last day. Of course. Absolutely. It's just like these guys that want to go out there and bet, you know, you can go and bet all erases and leave. Okay. You bet ahead. Sure. But you have no idea what the odds are going to be or what, you know, perfect is or any of the perfect. No clue is to what's going on. Okay. And that jerk, if he's listening, that, it said zero minutes. The horses are entering the gate. And there's this guy. He's got one of those geeky pencil holders in his pocket with about 40 pencils and pens. He's got his binoculars and he's up in front of me and even the lady. He's betting everything that's been betting. Every race. It was like the third race. He was betting all the way to the tenth race and there was no time left and all these people are going up to the window at about a minute to post time, which had called or means about four minutes to post. And going up there with a minute to post and betting, you know, ahead. Why not do it between the races when, you know, like when the race answers and there's 22 minutes to post for the next race. When nobody is betting, there's nobody online. You can take your time at, you know, but not somebody's neurons. You think they're the only, it's like these other guys that go to the window and they're betting 8,000 different combinations and there's, you know, the horses are getting into the gate and if you're still sauce for starting to breathe heavy and everybody's having an nervous breakdown and I always get in that line. It never failed. Even the lady was getting myth. Yeah. I got his one douchebag yesterday. He's like numbers and numbers and numbers and the guys give him his chain. Then he's got more numbers and you know, like get it over with already. Get up there. Know what you're doing and get the hell out of there. Okay. And make room for the real plungers. You take 44. You get four. Can you start talking about that? I'm so glad you got that off your chest. What are we doing? We're really worked up about it. Okay. Mike, how are you doing? How are you? Well, I'm not good at all. Wow, what's wrong, Mike? I just did my taxes today. Oh, you just did him today? I still don't like to wait till last minute or anything. I say, yeah. That's a good day to do. We're tracing Mike's number and now I own $1,400. Oh, that's really tough, Mike. Well, what can I say to you? What do you go on to the track today? You can make that in a double. Really? I'm already 1400 in the hole. What's another? What's another? Two, three grand, right? I can't believe we're getting shine like you're now Captain Dave talking. Yeah, Bob's not going. Captain Dave is going. I know the burden spite of all his rum. He's not going back. Oh, I got to have a hell. What? I've all your listeners should go. Yeah, good luck to you. And if you think I'm giving you any tips, good luck. I don't count. I don't count. I have a question for Bert. Yes, sir. I've been in a clock. The temperature was 64 and an 8 o'clock. It was 63. I don't know. You know, you're going to have to deal with the National Weather Service in Carl Gables about that. That was the official Miami temperature. I went and got it. And that happened sometimes. You know, we've switched times. You know, we're on daylight savings time. Right. So seven o'clock is really six o'clock. Right. See, that's why it goes down sometimes in a degree. It gets a little bit cooler. Even when the sun is shining and it's like it looks like it's about 90, right? It was seven o'clock in the sun was shining. Just. Just. Some may be in like in Casey at the back. Yeah. So what is the sun is shining? But anyway, no, I checked that sir. And I appreciate you checking, you know, following up on me. But that was the official temperature. So if you have a complaint, call the National Weather Service. I just wanted to let you know that people are listening to you when you do the weather. Okay. That's good. You got for that. Yeah. Yeah. You put the four-large on the news. What's that? I'm going to call them and cancel my fiscal. Well, I think you should. I'll get a crossword. Because I don't bother reading that crap. They put in there. Yeah. And they sent the same paper two days in a row. And I already did that crossword puzzle. I don't blame you. I don't need that. I'm excited. The same one. The thing that I love is that if you get the sun's central and the four-large day news, there are several pages that are the same. Several? Yeah. How about most? Yeah. Most of the paper is the same paper. Oh, yeah. I'm going to call them and cancel my fiscal. Well, I think you should. Or just stay on an airplane all day long. You know, you can fill out those, those eastern things. All right. You have a good day today. You too. Oh, bye. Well, I'm a looks like I'm going out there all by myself. It does look that way. But I just find a nice little corner. Well, you got your mustard, though. You got your mind going out there alone. I'll be honest with you. You just find a nice little corner and hide. Got your big tub with you. Yeah. My tub or mustard? You're all set. Eight, forty, seven. I would call Bill Calder and invite him to come out there too. But the thing that irritates me about him is when we get a tip, he won't be able to do it. When we get a tip, he won't bet it because anything that I bet on, he won't bet on it. That's a true story. Like all these winners that we've been given last two days, it would be pointless for me to say, Hey, let's go out and give him those horses because he would just won't bet on him. I mean, somebody could, like I remember last year, Mike Gonzalez of one day said, She really liked the horse the horse was called alias Burman. And it was the first time starter and a came in one easy and paid like eight dollars. And I had it. I didn't bet a lot. I think I had thirty forty bucks on it, something like that. And a horse, one paid eight bucks, which is not bad, okay? And he didn't bet it. And a jockey tells him that he likes the horse and he thinks he got a good shot. And he won't bet it. Let's see, bullheaded. He just one of those stubborn mules, okay? What is this? One is Delray Beach and Orioles fan. Well, we'll take it a little out of order because they deserve some. Yeah, hello. Hey, good morning. Good luck to you, sir. Well, come on. I'm a pirate saying, and an Orioles. Oh, okay. So half of the loaf is better than none right and not only that, but there's something to be said for perfection. Well, that's true. I was the king of the season. I thought it was going to have two losers instead of pirate to go in. Pirates are hot as a pistol aren't they? I tried. But the owes have said a major league record. That's right. And listen, all 162 would be a Mark Kulim last for a long time. They're going to make the play off yet. Yeah, right. Right. I'm going to have the worst start. Make the play off and everybody will be gone. Good luck to them. I'd like to see the Braves and he owes in a series, man. That would elect her for me. I don't know. All right, Neil. I just want to say good morning. It's the first time I've ever called. Okay. How long is it going to be before Earl Weaver is back? Hopefully, before the end of the year. Okay. Or maybe, maybe Rick Weaver. Oh. Okay. Good luck to you. Bye. Yeah. That would be interesting. And we can bring back some of those great players of the past. You know, like Johnny Mies and Johnny. Yeah, very broooth Roger Maris. I got a little little. Little girre. A little triver. Over Cleveland Alexander. Walter Johnson. I don't know this. Hey, listen, why not? I mean, the Orioles are playing like they're dead. So I want to bring back some dead players. Yeah. The Dodgers and the Phillies are the only two teams that haven't been called for a rock block this season. It's not amazing. That is pretty exciting. I knew that. Did you? Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. I think that was coming up on the news. I think he just, uh, he's going to be a star. He's always thunder. Tag, never. Not it. I guess you have to put some other stories in there this hour. No. We'll see if we can, um, maybe get some dizzy day night. I don't know if there's anything. Or definitely. Mm-hmm. A TV reporter who set out to prove how easy it is for New York voters to cheat. Find yourself the target of a possible inquiry. Barbara Neven's from WCBS TV in New York. She was able to register to vote in all five New York City burrows Tuesday. So she voted in only one. Election officials, vast authorities to prosecute her for lying on her registration forms. Mm-hmm. But the big story of the day is that Larry King's book is out. Talk to Larry King. Let's take a question. Let's take a question. It's called, Tell It to the King. Uh-huh. Oh, I'm getting a party. Yesterday in Washington in his honor. Joe Graziello was there. Joe Dongeola. Ralph Nader. And his best friend Franks and I'd rather it's Strauss Kitty Kelly. We're all there to celebrate New York online. It will be a water date apartment overlooking the Potomac and hosted by New York Governor Mario Como. Como. Harry's brother. Now some of the stories in the book, Larry tells about Lawrence Olivier who King never did interview and he was originally to play the lead in the godfather but he became so Larry King or so Larry Olivia and he had it sort of to like check counts and he became actually what happened was Olivia became ill and the part went to Brando and by the way King has that Brando's best friend was Wally Cox I don't know if you knew that there are these to be roommates in the 50s man what? My brando Wally Cox shared an apartment in the mid 50s. No no wait a minute that really raises a lot of sudden that serious question I don't know I wally Cox also the stories in the book about Cuomo turning down King's offer to arrange a meeting with Angie Dickinson and it says that King's one time can be a... What do you mean they used to be roommates in this? Mom and Brando Mom and Mr. Peeper and Mr. Peeper Mr. Peeper what do what he was Peeper and Mom and then made him an offer we couldn't refuse One other story in the book of interest about what was dark Marrows star Wally Cox Four Nostar Marilyn Chambers oh yeah who once offered to have sex with King during a commercial Then talked about it on the air she stripped to nothing but a gold chain but they didn't do it Just uh into that passing also what is it a I'm not to show when he had the heart attack on him What is a hi-do Chris Everett who is an out last night that she will marry former Olympic ski team member Eddie Mill that'll be joy 30th at the Book of Polo club and it will be her second married Wally Cox and Marlon Brando Partly sunny today I will be 85 and tonight's low 68 and uh despite what that guy said it's 64 now and I want to do tonight Marley I've been hold let's go see Mr. Peeper I think we I think we need a break after that newscast That is devastating isn't here it is Zeta 4 we're in shock it's 852 I'm gonna stay in shock yeah like I have not seen you in it a long time this is in mono You know maybe appropriate today well the element of surprise is gone Oh Before we get back to that the story about the Arabs running their horses in the beach Whoever that is it says if approved the races would be run on a stretch of beach between fifth and 15th Streets on Ocean Drive and estimated 2600 Arabian horses would participate the races have met with some opposition from area residents who don't want to smell the horses friend Wally Cox you always used to be like in a set of square right in the middle you know what I mean he was like the middle man and that show used to sit in the same seat without maniac all in I do you think there was a coincidence there what about what he was on the bottom lap Oh he was on we're Charlie we've were used to be yeah wasn't it was it on luxury square yeah that's a bad square to sit in a while in was in the center Cody Field used to sit in here too Jim Morrison sat there Jimmy Hendrix John Kennedy is to Yeah that one that's true Rothford be Hayes and the one President William Henry Harrison once said a net square two and he started it all I think by sneezing I'm trying to think about you know where Wally was in the squares wasn't at the bottom after am I wrong if they were so cheap as creepers I like them be roommates what the hell does that mean what does that mean he was falling was in the center square dummy come on get with us Paul in was in the center always now he was not always in the center long what do you want to call a Cox died right oh we're still in the center all right what they do he switched he switched he said I'd rather switched in fight eight fifty eight on Zeta four you're Marlon Brando intensive to you're here you are in shock I am just apoplectic I can't handle it I'm going to go alone to the track yeah and find my little corner there and go and sit there and contemplate my name I just the Wally Cox and Marlon Brando some other just but I think can you know that's like that's kind of like James Dean and Orson Will you know just it just doesn't you can't envision it you know now can you have it it's like Tony Dow and Oprah Winfrey you know you can't conjure that up in your mind John Wayne and Truman yeah John Wayne and Luke Helper you know it just I don't know now can you imagine what a different film that would have been with Lawrence Olivier in the Marlon Brando role how different they were with Wally Cox in the Marlon Brando role you know for you Kimi Fils yeah there's a thought yeah that would have been pretty exciting was it now it was another one I heard that who's afraid of Virginia Wolf was originally for James Mason and oh god I forget who the woman was and they gave it to the guard somebody like that and they gave it to Richard and Liz these things always seemed to sort of take care of themselves oh I am just absolutely no apoplectic WG today my baby feed for Lauderdale and the Palm Beach is good morning it's the Neil Rogers Show on set of four well you can say that again late on a clock on set of four a few another good room mate rumor was you know who Rick James is so Rick James the disco rock singer oh yeah he and Neil Young used to be roommates together in the sixties wow that's exciting so anyway it will have more room made rumors to more yeah that's gonna be our subject tomorrow is gonna be roommates uh huh so get your roommate all propped up and ready to go all right tomorrow I want a full report okay let's go back to the calls here for Lauderdale hello yeah I've got your form here you're my what I've got your form here in my hand what do you want to know you got the racing form well no I can't if I'm just passing on the air then I'm gonna give away the horses that we got well you can dump it now I can't do that law see this guy wants to know who we got today hmm that's for I can't do it I don't tell okay no tell about because we got there one of the horses we had yesterday is still running so I don't I don't want to do that too that's all you when you get out there for the second yesterday with your three body guards yeah now we had a good day we were doing a lot of caching I haven't cached that's my that might all last season I didn't cached that much yeah yeah yeah yeah he's yeah matches off I know he was driving everybody nuts there but my lights from everybody well at least it gave him something to do okay good luck okay okay oh he's he's ready and I like guys got nine in the morning he's got the racing form and he's starting and he is ready to go you know there were some fans of the morning so there that we ran into yeah oh they're always are by the way I wonder how well now what's that guy that sits inside Ernie I wonder if Ernie is still out there oh such a not Ernie so what about that call we never did get you remember that guy he said he had a lot of any just hung up and that was the end of the call what did this point we get a lot of those you know and they think that that's funnier it's not it's like anti anti climate so anyway it's a two minutes after nine and we're just counting the moments now so don't bother us my anti hello hi when am I going oh here's another one of these colors that are the itinerary well it's you I don't I probably invite you to my office at your office yeah we have um I'm the editor of the racing report and that's sort of it no okay it's a we do a really a daily racing results so some call there wow it's on the uh and I not like you're saving that one is it really yeah what time is it on it's on a re96 30 11 30 rate and child 34 so in other words if I went out there uh and bet early which I'd really do but if I went out there and bet early and left then I could get the results yeah that's what the show's designed to exactly that's great but what I want to do is I want to write you up to our studio and just tell you that I think sweet in the studio and now we're are you I don't know if I don't know if I'll make it today but if not I'll make it to some other days soon where are you looking well you know when you go in the valley parking I sure do okay and then if you were to turn the last of the elevator right exactly mm-hmm hey you would make a right actually in the stairs you just go up a half of the pedestal and we're right down in between the first and second floor now the wait a minute you take the elevator somewhere no no and then I'm going last to the elevator well I see you make a right you got to dance and you know how it's like but level yeah it's too often so before you make it to the second floor I got you great and what's your first name William Lillian and the post-action supervisor okay well if I can't get out up there today I'll will soon Lily oh I'll be there yeah what do you mean I'll spot you now and I'll come in well let's see it's Thursday so I have my green shirt on and black black pants and my glasses and my shoes I see you know the host of our show used to work with you at win who's that after four oh Jeff to forest yeah sure well I saw I'm trying to jump yesterday I can't believe not tell not to get so emotional okay did he? no that's good did he really win a lot of money? want to see you know wow all right I do it all with actually there take a sit I don't that yeah I'm really happy and inside the cabinet I post all the losing tickets and I want you to know that that's you know does not cover I would imagine yeah maybe today I want to see I might have you might have even a bigger day than they might win a hundred bucks okay okay okay okay how about that we got a whole bunch of degenerate stuff there right notice we should just have a big degenerate party up there today I thought I mean we didn't need to say a while ago that he's got all this stuff today I said I did my words I'm not going to be I did not and I says I've got so many things to do today but I know what's going to happen just like yesterday I canceled out on some important things I was supposed to do and I was up there gambling this was the first sign isn't it when you get obligations he's got things he's got to do and he's just decided to be coming irresponsible I think what's the number for GA okay yeah what's that gamblers anonymous now don't take it that seriously don't take it that seriously you should see this maniac screaming I come on Lester you son of a come on and that was even before they ran away and they weren't even in the starting day he's getting like hernia was speaking about her any before before was a really interrupted Ernie is one of the great all-time characters don't you remember me talking about Ernie who wears those argyle socks on the and the sits up there heat now he's like in the stands in the grandstand and I used to stop by in sitting front of Ernie we have some wild times over there together and Ernie's pretty good handycabber he's got all the oh mate he's got the red pennies got all the numbers written down every time the odds change he writes in his program he's just a wild man now see that's he'll sit there and and the horses before they go to the gate I'm this goes title