Bases what will happen tomorrow drive on Zeta 4 now question mark by Lordus Acevedo And she says now that the Rogers is moved from Zeta 4 to Wild the question arises Who will move into Rogers former slot and then there's some information here, which to me is just staggering It says Dave Capretis been hosting the show with John Ford and Ron Harris on your Oh, what the hell is that all about what is here? Huh? Doing what doing what? Doing what? I know it's commenting you know Commenting and then it says when asked if this was the permanent lineup Zeta General manager Tim Williams preferred to focus on the on-air presentation and said only that To sit and I listen to this very carefully because I want you to analyze it afterward And said only that the station is aiming for a cross between Album oriented rock and an oldie son Now what the hell does that mean? I don't understand. I thought they were classic crock right and then it says A possible candidate for the job vacated by his old nemesis would be former WSH He morning host Joey Reynolds who's remained in South Florida since he was released from she last spring And has made no secret of the fact he's here to stay Rogers consistently be Reynolds handling in the ratings When they were competing head to head for almost a year Reynolds has made several guest appearances outside the market most recently Been working on a new nationally syndicated comedy game show with Morton down a juniors production company Reynolds and down a were roommates 25 years ago in Syracuse and Reynolds credits down he was starting his career in broadcasting So it's not just words that we have to blame Brownie for now It's Joey that we have to saddle him with two of them That was just a rumor right and I was just a lot of rumors Yeah, no Oh, God you got me you got me I went to new fan I found November Not Not that I know what you were talking about well, maybe it was October That's a good magazine, but the way you ought to go subscribe to it. That's got some neat stuff in there Really want to get that okay, okay, you have a good one now. Bye bye Okay, we're off to a really flying start here this morning. Thank God. No, really when I sat down I thought boy there we go the honeymoon is over. It's like these people are really turning stiff fast on us And of course anybody who turns stiff fast in this town. It's like a miracle Now I was just reminded of that because I saw Claude Pepper on the news last night I think Claude Pepper is like the epitome of this state isn't it? He's like everything that's wrong with Florida You look at Claude and you see it right there spinning before you're eyes. Why do I speak this? The local call or he can't see on the bat line no, he's not on the bat He's gonna be on a bat on the bat if we wait till suckers He'll be on a bat line. Okay, he's probably in church now praying and if you had a show like his Okay, let's take this mobile phone and candle hello. Yeah, I'm gonna wait until tissue both okay Orchia voices coming to and you know I like tissue Bob better hello Nealie this is mental from candle mental. How you doing mental? I got a bit of you You know to set yeah, what's that? I said you're a great call I'm mental. I just wanted to talk to you like this after that pizza commercial You know I saw a billboard on North candle in 117th it said Harvey from candle is back Yeah, I'm the panty Peyton show. Yeah, well, what could I say? You know there's only one thing worth about the elections being over and all the campaign ads that we saw on TV All my holiday ads are gonna follow now Neo I don't want to rub it the song in the woods, but it's just coincidental at after Howard Kleinberg wrote that editorial praising Harvey from candle the Miami news is going out of business I don't know where this guy hides himself, but I'm working on the old up big rock Well I understand it is probably gonna be down there at the depot tonight with me and Steve and Tom jica and the bird Well, I know we can't wait to have him for dinner. He makes salad I am that's what they say at the Santa Maria house, too Okay, man, well listen to have a wonderful life, but you're giving me a jodal ready. Okay with the phony accent. Let's go to Palm Beach, hello Before you even get to the memo and they got more people working in this building. It's incredible. It's like Macy's parking lot And okay now anyway, you were listening Saturday. We're monitoring the early so- I heard part of it. Oh, Ernie, you're so-one and all these old forests were calling all our all the cronics that Ernie doesn't know the voices Uh-huh now when he was on it night he was so intelligent and now all he does is sit there with that moron who laughs and everything and it's so Greating on miners Why the hell are they listening? Yeah, don't they have something important to do like mixed their lunchtime at a musiler something at this hour Wouldn't you think they'd be doing that getting it ready? Well, it was great Lord us didn't know who you were now who the hell is Lord us? She's the one the radio writer the hero You talked to her one time. Yeah a couple of times The other major thing to announce is on Friday My horse came in did you see no lady whiskers ladies whiskers I saw it on TV on the call there's three twenty I don't know but it it I saw the race on TV and Not only did that horse win I mean it was a strong strong win and I was all excited The only question was why did I go out there? One joe this man really believe right? He can look in the newspaper and pick names out of the it happened to go on to the track The day that you go out there and you start putting your money where your brain is yeah You're gonna plunge your guts out. I'm gonna be whining you'll come on here and why Just like these people say If I maybe your cackling will turn to whining it was least some of these it was my I had a strong feeling on that one It jumped out at me out of the paper. Yeah, it did and how what what did I pick? Inston Robbie I didn't hear anything. Oh, no, it's in Robbie came in second I saw that it's her it's Saturday. I saw big Stanley one yesterday So that's not bad. We had a first in the second again on Friday and anyone should bet on Big Stanley just just because of the name exact he's a little under the weatherbiddle is a We hope he recovers very soon. We do 10 17 a w i o d w i o d what way over the quarter for this I hope you knock it off now. Okay. I'm ready for my hate letter. We can knock it off because one thing I'm not gonna do it. I don't want to get anybody upset I'm not gonna I just have a thing I've been doing talk for a long time I don't like when I punch up the call I don't like saying hi you're on w i o d right it just sounds so contrived You know it sounds so fake and it is fake you know like when you see somebody at the mall hey Joe you're on w i o d You know what I'm saying so we'll do it another way we'll just sneak him in there Yeah, we'll publish it a different way by the time you get listening through listening to the show every day You'll be so positive of what station you'll be just a girl it'll be like in blazing on your butt Okay, there'll be call letters two call letters on each team That's how positive you'll be you won't be able to sit down for a month when you get through listening to the show Okay, and I here we go program director w i o d This is November 7. Okay, now isn't that the day that we started? Yes, it is we could go today. That's right Dear sir, well, they shouldn't waste any time did they? Dear sir needless to say I was tickled a death when I heard that Neil Rogers was coming to i o d day time But I didn't spell the idea apostrophe ENT I didn't know that a show is going to be co-hosted by Glenn Hill Contrived or real I see no reason for Mr Hill on radio Frankly his voice makes my skin crawl in the capital letter is skin crawl I listen to Neil on zeta for about the first three months and then tune back to 102 FM Yeah Oh magic is it one that is I hit the zeta button on my car radio every morning But only listen well Hill was absent which had to be very infrequently I guess I really don't know what it is Hill does opinions are like noses I guess and I really don't figure You're gonna take the gas pipe because of mine but I guess I'm gonna have to do the same thing with w i o d that I did with zeta tune in and have He'll come on change station sign j b in corals spring See later what this reminds me of reminds me I was listening Quite a bit coming to work this morning the David John over on art the weasels on our former station And there are some of the people who call in who go through this course there are butt lickers everywhere But anybody on the area you'll immediately have a little group of butt lickers and They're going through this thing about well, I we didn't like Neil because he didn't plan off music We're not playing any more music now than we did they're playing about two maybe three records an hour They're in their ramblin on and on and the music is banging away in the background and it sounded better today than it did last week I'll be honest with you But it's not a music show I noticed and a one guy was saying well, I used to have turned off. I love the rest of the station And I guess the logic is I was thinking about that very deeply, okay? So in other words, they're gonna trade the five four for about a one three So all the people but at least they'll be consistent They won't have to change their dials Yeah, and it can be consistent all through the day. Yeah, well, I have that big ball j one I'm surprised you're not as silly as I thought you'd be when I read the letter I thought you'd be at them not after listening sensitive and Well in the early days emotional I used to get upset and apoplectic for like five to ten minutes You know today after being with you for all these years 5 or 10 seconds Well two years That's all these years 5 or 10 seconds on W i o d and if you're gonna fix up the home for the holidays and get all that mom Maybe your four kind of looks like an elevator or one of those behemian hotels I don't want to get to graphic but six times W i o d It's 10 24 w i o d now you're getting into bed habit already We've got a band here on a week and you're starting to listen to radio again I should know don't you understand that listening around on a m radio is one of the worst things that you can do to yourself You're gonna be depressed and surly well, I laughed but all the things that made me laugh were unintentional Yeah, yeah, okay. Let me take the mobile call first here because I can't when I see mobile on there I can't restrain myself. Hello. Hello there. How you doing today? Okay My name is Jeff. I'm the people off restaurant. Yeah, Jeff. I never got looking for a free plug here. Is that a Jeff? Well, no, I'm looking for an opinion on these restaurant reviewers My beef is I've had my place 13 years. Yeah, never been reviewed by anyone other than my customers or still coming back I know now wait a minute. Are you the guy that you're on flagver? Right. Oh, yeah upstairs there. Right. That's a good place Right, and I have great food and been there forever That's correct. I don't know if they're too lazy to climb the stairs or what the story let me ask you a question Jeff Are you doing good business there great? Don't invite anybody to come and review it could be the kissed death. I don't know what they could find right Don't you understand their tastes is in their earlobe? I mean in this town you got some of the worst restaurant reviewers in the history of mankind I don't want to mention any particular names, but man there are some of these people who like chill for certain restaurants I don't want to mention the following one that I've got through the last one When did I thought was the worst his retired? Thank god really? Uh-huh, who was that when the sister oh She retired right for someone else still when she retired she's like 20 years old for crying out I guess I decided to have babies But anyway, this is the first time I've been able to call you because by the time I closed my restaurant and get home and get to sleep You're probably we're just getting up for your old show. Yeah, so now I'm on my way to work to open up And Now keep it keep a quiet Jeff don't don't let any of them in there. In fact if they come to your door kick them out All right, well, I was hoping you guys would come down and join me. He won't night Well be there and I've been there many times. It's an excellent place All right, just saying it because you called because we've talked about it Be tired. That's another reason I wanted to call the thank you because the number of my friends have told me You know why don't you take something to kneel or Do a McCall and I'm always sleeping ahead time. Yeah. Why don't you bring something in the elbow? Where will you're down on downtown there, right? Thank you Ron Flagler Street. We're on 79. So you're gonna call up 836. I'll be there. Okay today today's Monday, right? Yeah, okay. What day's good for you this week? Any day you like not tomorrow not tomorrow? Not tomorrow. Wednesday'd be great. Okay, I know let me in with no problems It's time I got news for you listen if you got food on you they'll let you in this place. You'll play okay. All right. You got it I'll be there lots of apartment. Okay, Jeff. I'll be there before the end of the week. Okay. All right. Bye bye. Okay Anyway, what the hell did that have to do with anything but he was mobile and I wanted to get him on and he's got a good place And he's right the restaurant critics in his town stink the place out they really suck. Okay Remember when those little guides came out a couple of weeks ago in the hero. Oh, God. We had a whole show on that thing Yeah, and they left out great like Ruth Chris stay cause they leave out of there which is one of the premiere Stay causes in this area and then they put in places that I wouldn't send a chihuahua That's right. That's right We're in anyway you made a comment and it's long overdue and I guess I'm gonna let it out now Okay, I've been holding back for a long time But I think that it's well I haven't been holding it back, but I just haven't laid it all out together For years in this town I worked from eight to midnight which is really not a good shift People used to convince me that that was like prime time Oh, TV In this market it's graveyard time Yeah, because mostly what you're talking to is a bunch of geriatric old farts who have nothing else to do Board to tears and you're like a baby sit and I never looked upon it until I got out of that God forsaken shift and went Under in the daytime when living and breathing people are awake You can steal a line from Dave who used at this morning on Zeta living and breathing Where did God that's where did God? They're using all my lines over there now Unbelievable and if they want if they want to pay by the word just put the check in a mail So anyway, I would sit and read US news in the world report and newsweek and time and the nation and this and that I must have had like a dozen publications the Washington Post weekly the New York Times I had delivered to my house which cost like a fortune to get home delivery on the times And I would do all this preparation if I had an author on issue I would read the entire book Wow, okay, and most of those authors for some reason that send in the books They're like six seven hundred they're like war and peace on a bad day And I would go through that whole damrig a morole. I'd come on to a great interview We have a wonderful end of calls would always not usually but always be like the felting Lary okay, I mean I bring this doctor on who's had a cocaine addiction problem who's lost his family Lost his practice nearly lost his life over cocaine. He goes through this long Gut wrenching personal story Trying to warn people about the dangers in the addictiveness of cocaine and we go through the whole song An advance and about the miraculous comeback. He made in his personal life in his practice And the first call is this old bitch how loud that Taking Felvin what you tell me about Felvin and that's this town man. Yeah, that's this town too many I mean you go to Los Angeles you'll find old people you go to New York Chicago anywhere But they're not all jammed in these huge numbers into like there's no century village in LA Okay, there's century city, but there's no century village Or in New York or in Boston you don't have these massive massive numbers of Geary-antric old farts who've turned this community into God's waiting room And that's what it is and they keep tell us a the beaches coming back man the beaches The beaches a nightmare okay the beaches a toilet It looks like Calcutta on a bad day. Wow And that doesn't even speak for sunrise in Tamarack in Hallendale and all the other wonderful Geary-antric waiting rooms. We got in this town. Okay, and every one of them drives. Yeah, and every single one of them drives a big Battleship in the middle of the road okay With their head barely peeking up over the steering wheel over the bottom of the steering wheel And that's the problem with this town. I want all the young people out of this town and the thing that amazes me is how Dossle how easily the people are just roll over and play dead, man. It don't don't want us here fine We'll go away like all the spring breakers Now why should that beautiful for Lauderdale Beach be sitting there? I'm not gonna say it's empty But why should it be devoid of life Because we got a bunch of stupid old farts who don't want young people here They don't like to see people having fun. Good time is outlawed On man, they hear the time you're probably gonna spend 10 to 20. They hear someone on the radio laughing Yeah, why they hate your guys they hate you like plays right because I'm having a good time And that laughter just turns their insides up and it twists their kishki's inside out They set that on the Ernie show Saturday morning. Yeah, they'll set exactly that well Ernie's gonna You see there's a revolution here on Wild that they didn't realize it started a week ago today And when we did the show on Friday and we had all those students calling in and last did we were ready to give up at 10 25 It lasted almost the entire show phones were solid. We had all night say 90 to 95% of the people who called were students 17 18 15 20 whatever the hell they were they were great no question and this business They haven't he's geriatric old farts who take over AM radio in this town that was what was wrong with it in the first place And two years ago we took a station kind of revolutionized it course they put it right back to where it wasn't then some But that's their problem, you know Thank god, I mean that all news format that that demographic over there is like a hundred plus Yeah, that's what they want in order to listen to WINZ you've got to have your teeth in a glass Seriously, you have to have a glass of polo that or they won't let you listen to that radio station that's a true story I guess that's common knowledge yeah So anyway, I didn't mean to get all emotional about it there, but you just to hit it off and these people think they own everything They think that this this station any station that's got talk shows on it is theirs and they're gonna call it and Like I started to say before I got emotional interrupted myself You do all these great things and you talk about things that really matter and you try to change people's minds and influence and it doesn't mean it a good damn thing Does it nothing? I said a goddamn thing I kind of slipped on it there because I'm used to you know Sensoring myself on the other station But Portland main doesn't their run this station So when they would call up the old farts would call up saying what all they talked about when he was on eight Yeah, well when I used to be there baby sitter over and over in a live way. It's a beautiful day man It's fantastic. It's gonna be in the low 80s the sunny shining is a nice breeze out there It's perfect go out and take a brisk walk and leave us alone. It's your heart pumping. So you know you're still alive you miserable old farts It's true and why the hell don't the people in this town have the guts to say it to tell it like it is He's take a beautiful area like this and I like you go to you know this mic Disney just came back from Yeah, and sunny was talking about go to Hawaii. I've been Hawaii three times twice this past summer Right, and I'm gonna tell you something similar climate not as humid they got the breezes out there the trade winds, but but similar climate But the mentality differences incredible people are having a great time Why are all these young living and breathing people? Oh my god and they got old people over there But they're not all like spread out in the middle in in chairs out in the middle of the street like a nursing home Yeah, but they can't walk out on the beach with a cup of something in their hand can they no unless it's Papayad juice Of course they can walk across the street they can they can have bumper sticker. They know any goddamn thing they want okay wow Incredible just like this ball game that I you know that they can't sell out in Joe robby stadium God builds a and I'm not sure here to shield for Joe robby by any stretch of the imagination Cuz I still got plenty of problems with Joe But the guy puts his neck out on a limb in a god forsaken town that never filled the orange ball to begin with most of the time Builds this beautiful incredible stadium estate in the arts scoreboard everything you never want and they still have a million excuses Why they know what they can't park they can't do this this town is the the town of excuses. That's what this town is So maybe that would be our topic. What do you're excuse? We don't have that's another thing. Okay, I'm not gonna go back to wasting my time trying to change the world and Having a stroke talking to these old geriatric farts who get there get their jollies by listening to these contrived of baits and all this crap I'm not gonna do that again We're having a good time and that's what it's all about and that's what takes them all That's it. You that's what bothers them. No, he's so brave. That's gotten to do it You just don't like the fact that we're having a good time instead of sitting here with indigestion for four hours Terring your kishki's out trying to get a point across to a bunch of brain dead morons He's so intelligent, Ernie and he's just wasting it without moron. Well, we're gonna get Ernie in here one day Okay, a good really straight in his butt out Henry Burrell's got a Wiod news update will come right back. It's 1035 10 several little bit now they drop it off because they assume we're not gonna take their calls and you know something they're probably right Too much to talk Yeah, too many things going on to sit here and get all Ben other shape because we you know the callers want to talk Anyway, Miami 751 Wiod and Broward 524 Wiod Book and Ray 278 Wiod and Palm Beach 655 Wiod. You know what would make me feel really great Hmm is if we had a couple of real-farts calling and give us that routine about one with this town Be without the senior citizen right, right You know what it would be without the senior citizens a pleasure. I think they're dialing picnic I think they're dialing as we speak do you have to say that no, I don't think so I think the honeymoon is well over and of course we really take them off when we took all those young people And I'm Thursday we did under 30 and then on Friday We did students and that really just didn't say this which board was mob with complaints about that no He's leaving us now. No, no, I don't think so How are we gonna like make it up as you go? I was hoping all right We've got to call about Ernie show hello. Yeah You know, I figured I'd try to be a part of the Wiod family So Saturday I tuned in To I O. D. Say a one more time sir to Wiod And run the 87 of his power to listen to listen to Ernie show And He had I got to say his best show was either the socks or the flagelunch show And those happen to be the only two shows I had ever listened to yeah In fact, if you put those two together you really got You got a hot sub subject there somewhere on I O D yep, so I figured I give her a new shot And let me tell you I don't know who was worse him with the plant out there. I see here you go You're I'm the intention here was not either for butt-looking Ripping we don't want a rip or any part of our Wiod You can add a here with Wiod I don't think he did a well enough job defending really really Oh, so in other words, Ernie was allowing people to call it in a ripp me on his show is that why didn't you just come right out and say it okay? That's the way I see it okay? That's the way I see it. In other words, he had a four hour Neil Rogers hate fest Yeah, well before that like I said Ernie's a piece of experiment, okay? Under the I at date. That's right He talked about going control which is one of his third-saving subjects Oh, and then he went into school signs and why are they yellow? I don't understand though the problem with school signs and date County is not why are they Yellow but why have they got six lines? I mean even at the optometrist you can't read that many lines in 30 seconds and as you're driving by in two or three seconds You're supposed to read six lines except Wednesday except on the case alternate Tuesdays I mean these people in Dave County man these government people all over South Florida the biggest bunch of morons It ever came down to pike Well, I think his problem was that the other fine get him some type of bladder response Yeah, you know all that figures No seriously was he allowing people to call him and stuff up because I didn't listen I I only listened to part of it. I got sick of it. I was in my car and it's kind of forced But from what I heard yeah, you were kind of forced like a gunpoint Well, you know my wife is that's the only way I listen to Ernie show Who do you? By the family that has bought him? No, he don't He doesn't do this for a living. He can't make a living from that one Saturday show I heard him belly aching at one day when they took him off his Sunday He were putting on the best of canony was carrying on like a like a spoiled child Carrow why did they take me up on Sunday? Oh my career Look at Arnie to call in today. We'll straighten him out because Ernie's basically a good guy just in the wrong business Yeah, well, I've gotten never to do my only session junior again. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you. So, okay He's a he is so chronic now. No, that's Paul Hart. I don't mean I don't mean I mean Paul Harvey Junior. He is so chronic now just give it a rest for about two weeks. Okay, Paul You know he reminded me. He did have one call or Saturday. They said Ernie that sock show you did me and my husband Are still talking about that show. What does that tell you about their family? They're still talking about the socks show they've either been a year and a half ago That's a lot about this town and it's mentality when they talk about socks for four hours, all right? But here was the classic here's the ass the lawyer by the way I don't see anything happening on those palm beach lines and if you think we're gonna be nice to you like we were last week The honeymoon is over. Okay, and we're gonna start screaming you out and exposing you to the rest of South Florida And so what a bunch of laid back douche bags you are in Palm Beach I was listening to Steve the other day too and he had one of his contrived debates and the same thing He said well we're full in Dayton Broward Palm Beach and Voka. Yeah, so it's not just us They just don't care up there. They're indifferent about anything There are a bunch of mung brains Two seven eight W-I-D and Boca and six five five W-I-D and Palm Beach See if you gave all the numbers. That's four W-I-D's right there Just given the phone numbers. Okay. Yeah, so if you gave the four the phone numbers like six times an hour You only got one W-I-O-D left to give to meet your quota. Wow. This is like the Florida highway Patrol you know how they deny they have quotas. We have quotas at W-I-O-D and I got news for you this hour We are so far over the photo. We did like three hours of colliders in one hour This is great. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. The watt is back Hey, I'll be damned. How you doing? What pretty good Uncle Neil? I hear you're going I-O-D now So I figured I'd call and check in and not become chronic. I'll be damned where you've been all these months Well, we've been in surfside listening. Why move to Hollywood but the boys are surfside are still there Are they really there still got out while you were still young enough to get out? I'd say I heard you talking about the blue hairs again. Yeah. Why forget I'd call they're in vaiden surfside now What do you mean they're in vaiden surfside? They are surfside. Well, they are now used to be us and the median age in surfside is 96 roughly. Yes, that's why we're trying Hollywood now. Give that a shot. Yeah, that's a good young town median age is about 72. Yeah, well, listen you just improved 24 years in one movement. That's not bad I still listen to you though, so maybe you'll give more heart failure. Well, that's what we're trying to do. Okay Keep trying to have like a massive death show one day. That's great. I mean you keep ripping the blue hairs They'll have a heart attack. They'll die. We'll bring the median age down to 50. Okay. Good hearing from you, what? Okay, I'll try not to be chronic. Bye bye. Okay. Wow. How many is that done, Cox? Unite talk about neurotic. What do you want? I just wanted it. Now that you're having people over 20 call. I just thought I'd call and say good morning We said over 20 not over 60 Am I really? Yes, you are. How old are you? I'm 40. Oh, I'm like six years older than you are. Why feel real now? I didn't think anybody was older in you are 20 foxes older than both of us. Yeah, sunny is older than both of us put together Well, you had it thought I didn't tell you that I was enjoying listening you'd be on her knee today Yeah, what about that, Ernie? What the hell are we gonna do it? No, maybe we should get him a job as he just call out or something. Maybe we should get him a job on WLIF Then he then he could really relate to those 90 year blue hairs, you know? Consanion This is the music of your bias, right? We could put him in the witchner on the same station. Wow, call it the big sleep Matter of fact, but among late nights, so we make sure everybody got their night cap By the way, if anybody wants to call in in rip or early today are telephone numbers You have quote as difficult call letters. Oh, man. I got this memo this morning See, we don't even get original of memos. We get copies of old memos because we're new here And we'll build doesn't want to waste an hour. He doesn't want to waste the ink of writing new one So he the here's a memo that was June 20th and we get it now. It's marked 1114 Neil and Glenn And we are goal is to say our call letters at least 25 times an hour We've already done 75 this all Really, yeah, oh, you're lucky See our our assumption is that the audience are a bunch of absolute morons And if they haven't got any idea what station they're listening to and we have to keep telling him over and over again what it is That is a program It's called in the business job justification Yeah, right right it's like oh, I mean memos that I write this week honey, but at least Bill wise admit cities memo crazy Yeah, well, it's important to be that way and basically we just are going to ignore most of many ways I don't know something to think about when you're in the mall at night. That's it Yeah, did I write him the motor day? Oh god. You got it nice talking to you now. Okay, a cox Bye There he goes cox on a radio boy. He's getting almost as chronic as sunny as any well. I said almost yeah Never's not done almost man These FM people you see when they really want to reach an audience they call this show Oh, it's true. Yeah, that was that way when we were back on the W-I-N-Z when the headless news under the age of 100 Which is no longer true. Oh, it is for the day by the way I want to announce publicly that I received my last paycheck came into mail I want to thank Rose for making sure that that happened came into mail Saturday Really I haven't gotten mine well yours will probably be there today you're down there in Yenem's belt That mail takes longer to get there. I'll let you know mine did show up on Saturday And I've decided the one side and I ran to the bank man I put it in the automatic teller like faster than grant took Ojas, okay? I got that into bank and then doorstep And now that we're all Finished now I can really rip the crap out of okay. Well, let me see I was a little bit Let me never mind that way first. Okay. Now yours is in a man Besides the check that's coming in there It's so small that you make any difference. You're right. It's a minor So now we can really tell the audience what a bunch of douche bags They were and how they treated us like garbage and it was always on days like your birthday Or the last day when you came back from vacation when you were really rested in a good mood They'd always pick days like that and then they would call you and a Bap, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a You know I'm going nuts Just go crazy We don't want you to be number one. We want to be number three number 23 number 53 and they're well on a way by the way Yes, they are. We like to congratulate them. So their goal will be reached no question about that. We do have an open line in date by the way where we hung up by 25 minutes ago At 751 W i o d depend on it. Okay. It's a 1050, 10, 411 o clock and if you're looking for a great place for dinner two night I suggest you get the gang together for a 1555 at W i o d W i o d I think we got our whole quarter for the show and knowing that we do 100 yet. I don't know positive. Okay, Fort Lauderdale. Hello Good morning. How you doing? Fine. How are you? Great. Um, thanks for close Friday, right? I think so last time we checked. We could still have uh, stop payment on the check, do you think? On highly unlikely, because the check is on a bank out of Portland, Maine, and by the time they call up to Portland, pretty unlikely, in addition to which it's against the law. I see. Can't stop payment on a payroll check. Is that right? Now we know. Yeah. What bothers me about the You were talking about the old fart earlier. They're driving habits. You've noticed in the parking lots and the thing point is huge fellowships. We're about the 90 pound car doors and smashed the side of your car. Yeah. Uh, very disturbing. I've retaliated about an old car and then and go to the parking lots myself and watch them. Bull n and then do little damage. Yeah. Yeah. That's always been my dream. You know, if I don't probably go on and get one more car, I need another one. Yeah. I have 50 dollars of car that barely. Yeah, exactly. Get a chunker that you couldn't care less about and just better the cramp. I was going to just old panel. Exactly. Okay. Let me tell you the best place to do it. You know, the public's parking lot at 69th and Collins. Wow. We're a lot of died. That's where the ankle paramedics hang out in fact. There were a lot of narrow aisles and the parking is purposely so narrow that they're like fist fights in a lot. That's a great place to do it. Yeah. And the big caty doors come swing it out and they come pulling themselves out of the car. Yeah. And you come and you walk out of the grocery store and there you've got a several things. And the thing that I love about a lot of those people is they love to use the handicapped spaces even though they're not handicapped. Those are some of the favorite ones. The old farts that love to pull a nose handicapped spots and take them, you know, that are big enough for three battleships. Well, but they don't have, they don't have to stick us for the mentally handicapped, which is what that is true. That's a good point. I think that's what they are. Yeah. I do. Yeah. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks for talking. Fund driving to you. Yeah. Talk to you later. Bye. Bye. Yeah. That's what I would like to do is get in that parking lot and just and go the wrong angle. You know what I'm saying? The wrong direction with the cars are all part of the angle going to the left. Yeah. Go from the other angle and just rip up like the front of about 15 of those cars like a fantasy. Speaking of fantasy, we have a done conquestory on three. Hello. Hell. Yeah. Remember when he had that problem and went to the poker two years ago? So the polky member, come on. You remember he had a problem. He's probably listening that. He knows me. I'm not going to say my name, but anyway. He's a great guy. That was a while to hear from him on your station, you know. Yeah. Well, especially since he called on what Wednesday or Thursday last week. Did he really? Yeah. He's becoming chronic. I didn't realize that. I missed him. Well, we had sunny calling and we had all of them. Well, we were breaking spots both called him. It was Wednesday. It's amazing how they love you when you got a WIO. That is correct. When we come to AM and we're just to the greatest things in the life bread. We were on against them on FMD and we were real nervous. Everybody was. In fact, last December, remember when I was calling those people on the year and Tanner was about the only what Tanner and Joey were the only ones who handled it well. The other ones were nervous breakdown. They didn't know they were going to be third or fourth. Yeah. Like we're going to need a bit. Exactly. No, not rose. On the big, the big upper level management. We don't want to say Tim Williams name. And by the way, let me see this. Okay. If somebody isn't a public figure, that doesn't mean that we can't talk about him on the year. If we feel that they what they're doing in their job, if somebody watched my car, for example, they did a crappy job and I said, John Doe, really did a crap-o job on a car. It doesn't make any difference. Whether he's a public figure or not, you can still criticize him. And this idea that somehow there are bug criticism like they've got some special dispensation from a pulper or something, they're nuts. We made a comment about you on Greg's show last week. Yeah. I don't know who. I don't know. It wasn't Greg or something. They called you a fat, you know what? Fat Faggot. Yeah. Oh, that's good. I can't believe that keeps saying that. And, you know, it's like it doesn't change. And every time they say that, the ratings go up, I know. Because then we get other fat Faggot's and the audience who tune in just to hear it. Listen, have a great day. We're new one last thing. Real quick. As you can be able to sit on a Jose's lap at ABC thing when he, um, is he can be like Santa Claus type thing or just he's going to sit on a gruff. Just hang up on him and that's, I'll explain it to you later. What? Now explain it to you later. Jose Conseco's going to be at overseas electronics, not at ABC. So what's the big deal? I was not in wrong with that. No, there was nothing. I heard it. I know. By the way, Sally Jesse Raffio has transsexuals. Oh, yeah. He's got, uh, yeah. Some ladies who went to the bar and tied one on. Anyway, where at the end of this hour, we'll come back in 115 after the news updated the top of the hour. Here on 610, W. I. O. D. Okay, I got to take somebody's out of order because if we get early listeners out, we're going to put them on right away. We've got like half of his audience is called in already because this is our second one. Miami, hello. Hi. Hi. Well, uh, I don't know who's talking about the early like that, but in no way did he not kill. He speaks only favorable of you. Oh, we're just joking around, you know, as long as you said that. Uh, I say as long as you said that, we're just joking around. If you let people rip me, then we're serious. No, but he does speak nicely. And I just wanted to set the record said, if he does, then it's only tongue and chick. And he's got a lovely wife and a wonderful son and a great family and all of that, but not an offer. No, they knock each other people will come to you. He only speaks nicely. But you know, basically what it is, it's those old butt cussers. They're going to appreciate themselves with a host. And they feel that they have to knock everybody else. We didn't say anything about Ernie. We were talking about the callers. No, I know about the, I'm talking about the callers. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about the call that the call that the call didn't said that he was ripping you for the entire time, but it wasn't true. Yeah, whatever. Boy, you sure you had a lot of different stories, you know, yeah, no, but this is the truth because I hear him. And when he talks about you, it's always favorable. Yeah. So I just wanted to set the record straight. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot, Mrs. Sochin. It's 117 to 12, 17 to 12, 12, and the date bank just went dead. Look at that. I don't know what just happened there, but when we get us get the search, the whole of the day lines went out at the same time. 751, 12, 12, 12, 12. I'm serious. They all three just went blank. Maybe the other two Ernie listeners, you know, got intimidated by that lady. Here's a, now this call has been a whole for an eternity, a pomponous story. Hello. Hello, Neil. I'm on WIOD. That is correct. WIOD, I say it with a smile. I'm on WIOD. Very good. Okay. See if you can guess my voices. I tell you this lovely little story. I came down from New England, lived in the Boston area heard that Jerry Williams and Jean Burns on talk radio. Yeah. And I first came to Miami about two years ago to see if I would like the area. And one of the things that I knew that I would miss would be the quality of talk radio. So I stayed with Bob DeCarolo's wife. I don't know if you remember him. He was on WIOD and he afternoon. Bob DeCarolo, he was here briefly. Yeah. Right. I was one of those real radio voice. Oh, yeah. One of the best though at that. Yeah. I was, I was staying with his ex wife and Jean was radio. So I said to her, you know, what do you know, wait a minute. Wait a minute. You were staying with his ex wife. They're divorced. Well, pretty obvious. Why? She's a good friend of mine. Okay. So she invited me down. She lives in Miami Lakes. Yeah. First time in self-flared. I said, tell me a little bit about the radio, especially talk radio. She had no idea. So I said, okay, I'll file, I'll just scan a dial. So I'm I every day I decided to take a long ride up North to visit Fort Lauderdale in these areas. And I started scanning the dial. And I want to tell you, as keen and ears I had to talk radio, I immediately tuned into your show just by the quality of your voice. I thought you had one. Well, you weren't doing that. How then? You were doing just before tapping the column. Oh yeah. Was that WINZ? WINZ? Well, I've been driving up to here. Route 95. And I had just come from the cold, Duingland winter. And the warm Florida year was coming into the car. And I was listening to you on the radio. And I knew almost immediately that this was one of the best that I had ever heard. That is correct. And to this day, I now that I know Route 95, and I've driven around the time, and living here for a year, I don't have the same sensation. And I wish I could go back to that initial thrill of listening to the program. You don't have the sensation anymore? Well, now I know a little bit more about your pathologist. And I know you a little bit better. Yeah. But I just want to know, is the quality of the voice. A one with the humor that was obviously there. Yeah. That was great. Now, you're not saying that the humor isn't there anymore. The humor is definitely there. Oh, okay. Now, I want to know if you can guess my voice. I've had a couple of conversations with you when I am my possibly in and danger of becoming chronic. Carl Disus. Oh, I know who it is. Who is it? Is it here? It's here to Burdo. I know who it is. You've been on the show. No. No. This is a bomb from Pompano. Is it? No, no, no. You've never been in the studio with Neil on the air. Never. Oh, well, then I'm wrong. I don't know, then. I was afraid that I would live with this label the rest of my life. And I say that I'm going to I'm the Rick Scyterman Turncoat. Oh, you aren't getting a little chronic. Yeah. This is I think you're four. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Six shows. I know. I also, that I'm going to go for treatment for that this afternoon. Okay. He's hearing from me. Okay. The plane for San Diego leaves at one third. Okay. Okay. Have a good trip. Okay. Bye. Bye. Wow. Yeah. I noticed on this station we do tend to have a few more chronics. And you know, there are things we're going to have to work on. I'm going to try to convey that message to some of these people. And especially, and he's not from the state. He's a carryover. His Paul Junior. I mean, he's just gotten not a control. He calls every day. Yeah. Every stink in day, man. The only day that we must be of the old Craig Wardings show. Wow. And I like Craig. I'm not knocking Craig, but he used to have some of the worst chronic regulars in the history of talk radio. Yeah. Like Bob Baron. Is that the Bob Martin? Oh, my. And joy from Davey. Hello. Hello. I'm on the radio. Oh, God. You know, the only day we didn't hear from all these chronics was Friday when you only took the young people. And it was up in breath or fresh air. If you pointed out a fresh, it's 1121 and W. I. O. D. Here's another early listener. We're up to three. Hello. Hello. Is that me? Yes. Can you hear me? I can't hear you very well. Can you hear me better now? Yes. Good morning, Neil. How are you? I'm very well. I hope you are. Yes. I'm great. I think you are too. And I'm delighted that you're back at a normal hour. I just heard a caller tell you that he wants to come to live here and leave Vegas. Yeah. I'd love to know why. And I has been crazy about Vegas. Yeah. Me too. I'd love. I wish you had asked him why he wants to leave that area. Well, his mother lives here. He wants to be close to mom. Well, he should take her to go play poker with mom. He wants to play poker with mom. If he calls back and if anybody else wants to do something to mom with a poker, something like that he said. I'm not sure which one. Well, I was very curious because we're so seriously thinking of going out there. No, no, wait a minute. A next-just-roll here Reno is the good city. I've been to Reno. Don't write messages on there. Like, I'm some kind of a douchebag. Reno is fine. But now you have a better chance to win in Reno. I've always discovered I do better gambling in Reno. But the idea that it says Vegas is a card dump. What does that mean? Oh, get out of here. Vegas is tremendous. But Nick knows about Nevada. Man, you could put in a temple and have room for the WOD sales staff left. No, where did you stay when you stayed in Vegas? Oh, I've been on a tropical anesthesiaries. All kinds of places. Did you ever go to the Golden nugget? No, I never stayed downtown. I've driven downtown at night so I could see what it looked like. But I never gambled there. It is so beautiful. Well, but isn't it a shame that we have to sit here and what could be a tropical paradise and looking at all these boat people who just got off the boat, staggering around the beach and all over the place. And this could be a paradise. We could be having so much money in this town now. We wouldn't know what to do with it. And we have to get on a plane and take a trip that takes like forever just to go have a good time. Yes. Lovely speaking to you. Okay, you have an ice day now. You too. Bye bye. That was one of Bernie's colors and she was a nice lady but you do notice her needs demographic. Yes. It's a little bit. Seriously, she was a very nice lady and she made a lot of sense and had a good sense of humor which is great. But Ernie, you got to get some young topics, Ernie. You know what I'm saying? Like our guy, Oaxox. Just doesn't make it anymore. Yeah, maybe he could do like athletic socks or athletic supporters, one or the other. Like no, Ernie, I wouldn't put a pass and probably do a show this Saturday on Jock's Jock's Drafts. Okay, we have an open line in day where we just hung up 751 Wild. It on Steve Show this afternoon. Another contrived bait. Store just in defender of deadbeat dead. Now that's his name. It's women. Is it? Oh, this is a different guy. Deadbeat dead debates Judy Wilson and Boyer. We familiar with her. Uh-huh. Justin is for sexually abused children and there's going to be a lot of abuse on a cane show this afternoon or two exclusively. Oh, that's right. Frank Du Spag is the guy that he is. He's still heavy. Mom. No. Thank you. Go for that. While you're getting their Steve, you're improving. 1124 Wild. Stark radio 610 Wild. It's 1127 and Wild in our next call. Is in from. Oh, wait a minute. Before the call, I want to know. I knew I was missing something there. You wanted to beg for food. Is that what it was from florist? Yeah. Because the track is an open day. So Carmine can't be going to the track. Are they open on Monday? Florey? Is anybody know? I don't know. But if they happen to be, you know, a nice plain cheese pizza would be fine. I just want. And we needed very antiseptically like we've been doing. Put it on lots of papers so that there was no oil or anything on the table. By the way, how do you like it? Like our new clock. I don't see it. But it's on the way. Okay. Hello. Yes. Hi, Neil. Hi. Do you accept light calls? Del Arcade. Like call. I'll get so many derogatory. I'm just calling to tell you. I'm home sick today. I teach school. And the only thing made me feel better was to know I could listen to you. Oh, that's great. Oh, yeah. We said book isn't called sure. Wanna come one. No. That's just a joke. It's just a joke. Just a joke. I'm listening. Can I? Don't be up tight. I am up tight. Why? You're just calling. Well, just relax. Okay. Take a nice deep breath. Relax. Okay. What I want to ask you, do you, is it true you have a Corvette? Yeah. I have one too. And I've had many of them. And I want to know how you like here. It's the greatest car I have ever driven in my life. Yes, I agree. It's a totally different experience of driving. I mean, like you know, when you put your foot on an accelerator man, you can you got total control. You can go as fast as the speed of light practically. And you can leave everybody in the dust. And if you want to pass somebody, then it's just a totally different driving experience. I love it. Good driving. It don't. Yeah. What year? And what color is it? It's an 88 red. Oh, get out of here. Is it? Yeah. With a very expensive way. I could put a custom made stereo system in it. Or that sounded vice-ded that was just tremendous. And man, that thing vibrates like a mixed master for the when you get that stereo cranked up. It's great. Do you have the glass top? Yeah. Me too. Yeah. And that's why I like when it rains. Yeah. Don't you love watching? Looking up and watching that rain come down. Yeah. Listen, okay. And I also wanted to tell you that. Of course, it kind of is difficult. You know, like in an intersec, you know, busy intersec. When you're looking up watching a rain come down. But I know, you know, you're, I teach school like I say, but in my other life and my real life, you are a real influence for me. I use, you know, stereo, are you stereo? I say that all the time. Yeah. And in public, you know, I say I go shot to shopping at public. Mm-hmm. And I didn't like Glenn at first, but I have to say to both of you, I he is funny. And I think he has the greatest laugh. And just, I don't know. I'm going to go with you. Yeah. And you like a tumor. Yeah. I have a listen to you. You're a mother. Other two stations. And like that, the only thing is I can't listen to you now because I teach school. So what? Well, the thing to do is you have tape it. Have somebody tape it for it. There are a lot of people tape this show. Oh, it's a great hearing from you. And you are a great caller and have a wonderful day and enjoy your vet. Yeah, you too. Thanks a lot. Okay, bye. And I wasn't she nice. Yeah. And you're nothing wrong with that. You don't have to be bitter and hostile to call this show. It helps. But you don't have to be. Yesterday I saw a written on a red, but like a custom paint job on a vet was born 85 vet. Candy apple red. Hmm. And it was the most I've ever seen anything like it. It's shine like the sun. I mean, it was just glistening. It was the most beautiful paint job I've ever seen. And it was the young man driving it to who was close to being that beautiful also. And I thought to myself, isn't that everything you could ever want in one little packet. Mm-hmm. And he took off like a bat on a hill. Okay. It's 1132. So, it's not a good W. I would go to Davy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, this is Dave. Yeah, I want to get you straight on what Ronnie said yesterday. I'm not a straightened out of Saturday. I'm sorry. He's a great guy and we don't want to attack him on fairly. Treested in whistening the talk radio? Yeah, well, we want to when we're going to attack her and we want to have a real good reason for it. Is that right? Like next week. Yeah, right. But what happened was some guy called and said that you are soliciting young male listeners for your personal reasons? Oh, yeah. What are you going to do? I'm not on it. Uh-huh. And Bird? Yeah. The guy's named Sit Next here. Yes. Okay. I was listening to the show Saturday and they didn't look up the rating in the Arbitron because they never heard of the show. What was that the warrior show? What did they look it up and they had a number? They came up with a number 2.8. No, I think they did. Yes, they I listened to it. See, here we're in a wait a minute. I didn't listen and I don't listen to the radio on a weekend to AM at any rate. I listen to music. Okay, when I'm in the car. But the bottom line is we've had about five people now talk about this show. There isn't there are no two people who heard the same thing. Is this a classic example of what goes on in this town? Yeah. Yeah, that is quiet. You people only hear what you want to hear. Yeah. Hey, wait. Now that I've done giving you that, let me stroke you little. I've been listening to your show since you came on from the A from the SM. Yeah. I never listened to you before and I think you do in a good job. Well, thank you. You're a great American and a wonderful color and I agree with everything you said. Yeah, except get early on after you instead of that Steve King guy. Okay, well he'll be starting this afternoon. No, he's doing another sock show today. You know, what did Steve got some a couple guys who gave each other? He's got a guy in a woman who would hate each other. That's the guy that was the skirt on Oprah Winfrey. No, that's not Steve. That's another Steve. No, I mean, I think I did he's having on the show. Who were Johnson wears a skirt? Yeah, is that the guy that wears the woman hater wears a skirt? He could be. We'll see how he's dressed when he comes in, found. All right. Bye bye. Bye. Okay, now Sally Jesse is having what she's having in a trend sexual zone today. But that's not they didn't use that word in promoting it. Well, let me look here in the, uh, just list today. When you're rather looking to herald out, they always have a colorful thing in there. No, I like the way they they say it here. Let's see. Haraldo, church. We don't have time for Haraldo. Sexual watergate. Churches sexual watergate. That's what? That's good. Yeah. Well, they don't have Sally Jesse here. You're right. Well, we're doing a good in that day. We'll check out Sally because we want to get a straight sort of speak. April worth them with that WOD news updated 1134 and we'll be right back. All the lines are lit so we can't give a number. But Justin K's in date County 751 WOD, Howard 524 WOD, Boca 278 WOD and Palm Beach 655 WOD. See, we got like seven of them in there without even trying. Yeah. Sally Jesse today, it just one word. Just trans sexual trans sexual trans sexual. I saw the promo the other day, man, and they had the some woman who was a guy who had like, I don't know what was down there, but basically this is like a smooth spot because they messed up the operation. And she was talking like this. I don't know what it was all about, but it ought to be pretty exciting, especially when a Rip Sally's glasses off and he started that fist fight. Yeah. Yeah. They're favorites. Okay. Let's go to Waterdale. Hello. Hey, any other? Yeah. How you doing? Okay, pal. Sally. What's the story on trepidation? Is it going to be played anymore? Is the F.C. on your butt? There's nobody on my butt first of all. Let's get that straight. And secondly, I went as soon as I find it, I got a bump at my boop as here and see if they're going to let us play it or not. But I have a feeling they will. You do, huh? Well, I let us play anything else we want. Because Bill Wynes is busy writing all these memos. Mm-hmm. Rumor control what to stir with dime Johnson and Barbara. Bob, stop. Is this room where control? Yeah. You want to know the story? We don't know. We don't know sir. All we know is they were last seen rubbing noses together at the Miami Arena. All we know is what we read the tabloid. Yeah. And bird? Yes sir. Your name is sir. So you said I have an tough season this year. Are you going to change your name because of it? Uh-huh. Y'all, yeah. Sports is such a heavy influence on my life. Yeah, I have a lot of kinds of problems. I really breaks my heart. I only wish he'd break his neck. Listen, have a great day, Bob. Thank you. Bye, bye. That was kind of interesting call wasn't it? Wasn't it? Wasn't it? No. I only want to know in a W-I-O-D and we'll go to bointon beach. Boy, this must be a bonus call today. Bointon, hello. Hi Neil, hi Go-Anse. I'm doing. Hi, do I? I wanted to tell you a funny story about to Dick Curtin if I can. Yeah, Indie Troy. Indie Troy, right. My daughter was telling me that the management at station where he works got a letter that they thought it was just terrible. He, they heard him eating a donut. Oh, God. What is Bob? That was terrible. He shouldn't be eating. Yeah. I'm the show where he was talking on phones and so on. Well, he started a little contest in the retaliation. Yes, what kind of donut I'm eating today? So people call up and custard or gel-ray or... That's a good idea. We wouldn't do it with donuts, but we could do guess what we're eating on the air. We could make real gutteral sounds into the mic like we used to and people could call it in guess. And guess what it is? And it is a prize like if it was a pizza, we could send him a cold slice in the mail. Well, when I heard that, I thought media review and because you always enjoy it so much. Yeah, we sure do. I'm the show and I think it's a lot of fun. I also could I tell you about what Bill Band said and channel seven and two. You can tell me anything you want about Bill Band. Well, I don't know if you like him or not, but... Yeah, I love Bill Band. Oh, well, this is great. There was a woman who was unweighted the airport, pick up her husband. She stopped at McDonald's, was a fathered rate stabbed, ended up in Providence Hospital. Bill Band was interviewing a policeman with regard to that situation and he said to the policeman, did she go pick up her husband? I mean, here this woman is bleeding, stabbed, raped, kidnapped. Yeah. And his question was, did she go pick up her husband? Well, Bill's had a rough time, you know. Yeah, after after hearing a question like that. When you have to sit next to Dave Diles all those years, it rubbed off. You don't understand? Well, listen, you have a good day now. Are you too nice talking to you? My, my. Yeah, but you like all those Detroit previous story. Oh, boy. Oh, my favorite Bill Band story is that while there were two stories, one there was a new story about Moutsy Tong. This is obviously years ago. And it showed him it was a Chinese news from the government. You know, propaganda showed him swimming and it was like sped up about three times. And it looked like Martin made Mark Spitz look like a child. I mean, his arms were flapping and he was going like a mile a minute. And it was one of the funniest things that I've ever seen in my life. And he never recovered. He kept laughing and through the whole news case, man, he never ever came back and he'd start reading another story and then he'd just go crazy and he'd look back and he cared well, it was a funny story and on. He just then he tried to compose himself. And the other story was when he was doing a news on channel 70 Detroit. And it was a flying studio and it kept landing on his nose. Wow. And he didn't want to brush it off and he kept it went on again. And the whole news case, he kept like pushing his head around, you know, to give it off and would fly around a little bit and come right back on his nose. And you could even hear it in his mic. You know, the sound that I might make. So anyway, I thought you could excited about that. It's 1142. Now why see, I'm sitting way over here. Now I understand why Steve's twins. Because if I moved the mic over and I could be close to the screen and see what the hell's going on. He can't see a thing. Now he is blinded and he's not. What is going on with him? He can't see anything. I think it's those contacts. Isn't it? It could be. It's not those real blue contacts, man. And there's blue is the, is the, do you see our close? He puts his head to the board when he pushes those phones. He's the only ever seen has to take the glass cover off the screen in here and stick his head right inside on top of him in order to see what the hell's going on. Miami, hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. How are you doing? I'm fine. How are you? I'm just calling him because I switch from FM radio AM. Never use to listen to touch show and say how much I enjoy it. Thank you. Welcome. What are you doing today? Well, I'm at the office. I spend the whole day in an office. Hey, listening to the radio. Yeah. That's a kind of job. I like it. But you're great. The show is great. Now are you, you're like a new listener? Oh, yeah. Never listen to touch show before. Are you cereal? Yeah. I'll be then. That's what we ought to do tomorrow. Seriously. I know I don't want to do a poll. But I guarantee in just the few days that we've been on we've revolutionized the lives of a whole at least 20 or 30 people out there. Now what you're saying is you used to listen on FM, but you came over to AM. It's out where you're saying. No, you just listen to music. Yeah. Music. Yeah. Oh, you're kidding. You never need to be like a space cadet. You never heard Neil? No. God. That's a stand. Let me congratulate you, Sir. I'm getting a real life. Okay. Yeah. I don't think so. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye. Well, I didn't realize that was our best caller of the six days that we've been here. We've had a lot of good calls. I don't want to put anybody down like Paul Harvey Jr. Oh, great. This is, you know, I love this. This is, I think my new favorite. Yeah. Something very short message for Paul Harvey Jr. Good day. You have an arrest, baby. Okay. I mean, he is the, if you looked up chronic caller in the dictionary, Paul Jr. is exact, his picture is there. I'm telling you, because he can't give it a arrest and he keeps promising. He's not going to call us and he's not going to call this one and that one and he just can't control himself. And he used to do the voices and he's going to go up the voices. Then he started with Stan and Stan went off the air. Guys, just out of control, out of control. I want to get this caller on for a lot of deal who's got the wants to straighten you out on the ratings. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. And Glenn. It's just great hearing you. I'm, I am, yes. I'm hyperventilating and so nervous. Why? Well, I'm speaking with the great one. Glenn. You're, why are you talking all straight? Why don't you talk to me, maybe you'll feel better. Okay. Well, Ernie had a guest on his show on Saturday. Oh, you're another Ernie listener. Well, I could have told. And his guest is the new critic from the Gazette. From the Gazette. What I mean from the hero, or whatever it is. My name is Zed. Yeah. And I'm a female hero. And she had her arbitran book with her. So, see, I was right. And this chat called in on a mobile phone and got in ahead of the lines sort of because he was so important. And he was asking what was the first 15 minutes rating and the hour rating. And he was going on like this holding an hour time. And I recognize this boy says being lawyer, graven horse. And he gave Ernie, you know, he kept him along. Well, who is that? He was a guy from that show. He was one of the one of the two lawyers I forget the other one. Boy, is that that that's better one? And he kept climping and climping and climping. And I thought that's probably because they wouldn't tell him over there what the numbers were. That's right. You know, that Ben is Collins man. And he was upset because he had been terminated, I guess. And so I wonder how long it would take before someone would call in and sure enough of a gentleman called in and said that it was this lawyer. And so that's the story. And Ernie didn't recognize him because obviously he had never heard this program. And he said that. Right. So basically, he didn't have much of anybody else either. So that's why they had the arbitran book. And I guess it must be rather complicated to find out for each 15 minute period what it was because this chap was very interested and after Ernie said, I wanted an average listener would want to know of him for me. Yeah, probably not. No, that's for sure. It was a very boring show. And that's why it's up. Was it a boring show? Oh, you don't mean Ernie show? No, no, no, no. The two lawyers, they were very arrogant young lawyers who were trying to pick up this. This and didn't do very well. Well, that's life, you know. We got too many lawyers anyway. That's right. And I just love your show and I'm glad you're back on A&M. Thanks a lot. Okay. I'm fine. 1147 and WIOD, your gossip station for the 80s. This is like, you know, Monday. I love that. I love to get all every year to on and we get like 50 different callers about the same subject. And they all heard something a little bit different. Don't you love that? Yeah. Speaking of a little bit different, here's a mobile call in West Palm. Hello. I know. I just want to listen to you one time on you other station now. And I believe one time you had a pizza thing about pizzas. Yeah. We remember that. I do. We don't have pizza thing. Yeah. We don't have pizza. Yeah. We don't have pizza. Show. Yeah. You remember that? I thought you made a pizza eating. No, no, no. Do you remember that? Yeah. Okay. Well, with whom I'm calling you, I had a guy from day County come up to my pizza place in Jupiter. So many call them. So Jenny's was one of the best in Florida. And Jenny's. Jenny's pizza. Where the hell is that? In Jupiter. Oh, in Jupiter. Okay. Right next to your Yeah. Okay. Anyways, he came up to me and he tried my pizza. This guy went nuts. And I guess he was a producer of your show. And I was on a send down pizza to you and they went let me. Because I called their show up and they said, no, we can't do that because that's a bribe or anything like that. And I just want to say why? Why? Why? What do you want to let me talk to you? They were the producer would not let me talk to you. Well, hey, it was not the producer of the show. Well, because I used to be the producer of Neal's AM show. Okay. Well, I'm just telling you I call somebody. Yeah. And they wouldn't let me talk to him at all. What did he do was? I don't know. It happened about maybe three or four months ago. And I got about ten customers from day. They came up to me. You know, from Jupiter. And I couldn't believe it. And I didn't even know how my name even got mentioned. And so one of the guys drove up and said, hey, I heard it on a radio show and I had to try your pizza. And now I got this guy from day. He's a big heavy set guy who drives two times a month to get a large pizza. He's a big heavy set guy. Yeah. He has glasses. He's a rich. It's a little bit of a sound like him. He's a real heavy set guy. Yeah. Yeah. He comes up twice a month to give pizza in the guy's in this fantastic. So I had a rich. He only guy knows who would drive the computer for exactly. I only got a good one. I sold it to him. But I just, what are these things? I'm going to go down and give you guys a pizza. Okay. Okay. Sounds good to me. Okay. That's a lot. Anything you want to put except and show me. No fish. I'm going to take you. You want to do these things. Okay. Okay. But I like to say that. Thanks a lot, pal. I like that story. Wasn't that incredible? I like that. That rich is sneaking up to Jupiter. I see. Oh, yeah. I got to do that. Yeah. Absolutely has to be. Okay. We have an open line there in Palm Beach where we just hung up 655, WIOD that's 655. That would you? I, oh, D. And we're going to take a little pause now to pause the refreshes and we'll come back and again, if Flores is getting our pizza ready, hurry up. 10. WIOD. 1154, WIOD. We'll go to Miami next. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wait. I'm just eating here. You know what? What do you need? Anything good? Oh, ham sandwich? Oh, yeah. It sounds pretty good. Oh, mate. You know what's matters? Yeah. No cheese though, huh? No cheese. Now I forget it. Manage. Manage. Manage. Boy, what a goeie she's selling. Goeie. I'm going to a little bit. I'm not foth. Oh, I'm actually making a thing. Okay. Whatever you say. I got the recipe for wood. Um, but I'm kind of pressed. I buckled with my girlfriend to say. Over what? Money. Money. Where's her yours? I don't have no. Oh, yeah. What do you want to be depressed? Why broke my leg, Neil? And you know, like, that's the worst thing to happen when you want to have a relationship. So why is that? Oh, I can do it. I'm unemployed. That should be a good thing. She ought to wait on your hand and foot. What? What do you need to speak? You know, it's well, it's hard to perform at first. You know, otherwise things that were contributing to it. You know, it was like, well, how long have you had a broken leg like about seven months? Oh, no, about a month or so. Yeah. I've done. Sounds like an excuse. No. Yeah. She's probably looking to dump you anyway. Yeah. Thanks, though. Yeah. I don't have any money and don't have any job now. But it's only been a couple of years. But she won't with a guy like you. How long did you go with her? Uh, I knew it for like eight months. Oh, eight months, man. Forget about that. Okay. There's a million efficiency if you're part of that expression. Okay. Yeah. There's lots of other women out there for get a bottle. Hey, even if you five hot cheap menoyals, my hair gets down. It's kind of going better. You know, yeah. I think you know, if I do something with my hair. Yeah, I do some of your hair go get a nice, uh, one of those tanning parlors. I'm sure they can give you good tan. I'm going to go back to the gym today and wait. Let's a little bit. Yeah, on your broken leg. That sounds like a good idea. Just work my upper body. Yeah. Just work your upper body. Uh, the work your upper body. And I'm sure you can run into somebody who'll work your lower body. Okay? Right now. I was wondering, what are you going to play three-way and pick it? No, we don't. That's gone, man. That's never praying. Don't I, Mr. We will never ever play it again. We don't have it. Wow, what a bumper. I played if we had it, but they pulled it out. So to speak. Are you going to be okay? Yeah, I'm good. Nice, really depressing. No freeway and spigied in the girlfriend. No money. Hell, no job. I got you guys. But you got this show, right? Yeah, that's what they're out to want. And you got that ham sandwich. I got the ever-happest thing right here. Okay, well, it sounds to me like you're all set for a least another day. Okay, cheer up, will you? All right, you can buy. Okay. Bye. Wow. Eight months. I'm out. That's not a lifetime. Yeah, I could like this was like, you know, big-dye. Any probably wasn't getting that much anyway. Okay, here's a tamaract call. Hello. Hello, I don't know. Okay. All right, yeah, tamaract. A young guy trapped in this low neighborhood. Yeah, what are you doing there, sir? I have no idea. It doesn't rent was pretty good. I got a nice view. Oh, what? Have a golf course. Oh, great. People teeing off. Yeah, they're a little outfits. Did they wear those golf caps? Oh, they got the yellow, uh, what do you call it? In the lime green paint? Yeah, right. Yeah, now you're talking. Yeah, so here's your from our odd chasers. Oh, my. Move down everybody. Years ago. Yeah. No, no, what are you going? I don't know. I'm going to the whole idea. Attention, Amser. We love our upstate New York call. And then we're going to say that a lot of chasers and like New York, not considered New York. That's right. And it's more like, no, don't say that. Well, well, you know what I mean? It's a little bit of a weekend. And then there's anywhere in New York. Yeah. Now the people are great. The weather sucks. The weather. The food is great, man. The food is out of this. I've never been to Kellogg's in Canada. Great by a roseland park. You went out with a housechool in Canada. They were serving me. You did go to my father. Yeah, Canada. They were Academy. I have to go now. No, you don't. I said, I want to go back to the number of the roselanders. Roselanders long gone. So they built condominiums there. I can't believe it. That big over the roller coaster was. Yeah. Oh, geez. The wild rose. I am, of course. I used to love that. I played. Yeah, no doubt. So I was last on the European. When is last time I was up there? Yeah. Last summer. Oh, this summer. I was there this year. I was a bit. Yeah. The summer's been out for about two weeks. And that's it. I don't go throwing your mic down and making all that noise on the air. He's getting hysterical, sir. He'd rather have some Yahoo from Lakeland calling some Redneck douche bag. Oh, hangs out at ABC Lickers all day. That's more his speed. Okay. Yeah, let me tell you something about me on the turn bike. Yeah, the down in the far left hand lane, the cruising lane, right? Yeah. There's all guys and there's like big O2 Freeze classic thing. It's about 90 miles long. You can see him coming from miles. And meanwhile, he's coming up on my right. He doesn't put a single line, but cuts in my lane. Right where I am. So I'm riding with his no lane, beeping my horse. He would think that when you beat their horn, somebody he would move. He doesn't move. He stays in my lane. So I you know, get out of that area. Slow up. I go up on his right hand side and he's flipping me off. He's like, he's like, it's my fault. He's killing me. Get out of his way, sir. Don't understand. I'm telling you. His road and his time in his place. I can't believe it. Well, believe it. Let me tell you, I listen to you guys and you're on the other station. The point you're plugging your 976 deal. I call it every day, by the way. Great. Thank you. You're the guy. Anyway, yeah, when I started at the pack, I worked at the bank for a shooting and then you started his data. So I left the bank and you left the data. So I thought that was going to coincidental. Okay. Well, stick around wherever you are now because we're not going anywhere. Okay. Okay. Let's have a great deal. Bye bye. He was exciting. He's a good guy. He's just a little terminal. That's all. He's the room in this thing about up New Zealand. Coming up next and then of course, so the pizza should be coming in any second. It will come back at about 12.05 on 610 Wiod. Well, you I OD. Whatever you say, 12.07 in Wiod Steve has joined us. Wow. We're ready for pizza. What do I want to thank the nice lady in the North Miami Beach for the $10 check we have for the Camille sauce. Is this all a mail? What do you call it? What was that? This is all the mail. It comes in in spurts. Yes. So you should pardon the expression. I have never seen any place where the mail is so busy. But you're going to have to deliver this to Daci. It may be in the next the next spurts. Because if this is all we get from the I OD, does that say something about the audience? About how cheap they are? I'm going to wait before I make more of from continuity to the next. Would like you to play the polcano. The Jewish polcano song or request. Well, tell Laura from continuity when we're damn good and ready. I got it in the machine and tell Laura from continuity if she'd go into trafficking get some of those in sippin promos out of those breaks so we can come back sometime in our lifetime. We have a time to play these bits. Have you noticed how not playing as much stuff? We don't have time to play any stuff, man. Well, that's not Laura's decision. I know I said tell her to go into traffic or tell Bill why is to go play in traffic. We got all these memo after memo here. Oh, they gave you a packet of memo. They gave me a packet of all the old memo. You know all these things. I got the catch up. It says the best of wise. Yeah. Yeah. But the one I like the best. WiodWiodWiod that's five. Now we've got to work on that quote of 25. Well, what I do is they give out the phone numbers. Why did they end at the phone number? Oh, that's right. That's poor right. They're being able to be on number 75. Yeah. One W had in every time it he counted. They do that. It wins. They wouldn't tell me because there were two embarrassed. But when I go on vacation and he would do the show. Yeah. And it would suit him. You're not given the call letters enough. Like the corporate cheap engineer would go running in debt or aiming and saying you're not giving callers enough. True story would start. You've got to give him so many times an hour. And I never did that. I give him often. But I mean enough without being nauseated. Well, there was somehow we still managed to get a nine share in midday. There's a science to it. You know, every time every time you read the phone numbers, that counts as four. So that's good. Promote those are from Billy. W. That's what I just said. Yeah. Go play in traffic. I got a 79 street causeway. Do we call him Billy? We can call him spying. My mother's by your mother's. You're a scooter. Yeah. Spanky. You're good with these names. I'm working on it. Remember what's the Rick's flower? W ABC when I used to be the most overproduced A.M. Station in America when they used to have the bells and the jingles and everything. It's just reminiscent. And Bill's been hanging out a lot with Rick's flower lately. Okay. No, you want a big thing? No. I came in. I thought it was here and I was all excited driving in the car. Well, first of all, we only got a late start. About 11.40. I said to him, there's no food coming today. Isn't that great? We can go through a whole show. We don't have to pick out. And he got very depressed because he didn't need any breakfast. And I have stuff to do. So we made a very late request. And I don't know if Laura's is even open on Laura's. I don't know. Maybe this will open on yours. Would bring some for some other great pizza place to get their food in the door. Because I will say one thing about last week. We really scored big last week on a food. I'll tell you what's every day. Every day. Every stinkin day. There was right. As a matter of fact, Friday, trappers Alley came with food and we'll pick down and then before we left char hot. Yeah. Do you have any of the delicious? Do you have any of the food? Do you? Once in a while, now they're not going to come all the way down here. But mainly, Dellie didn't hollywood. Dellie is big on her. Dellie's man. He concentrates on her. I can't believe. Look at that. You know, I'm astounding. Blender driving in here. I anticipated that Neil's board would be empty because Sandy is doing a lottery show. Oh my god. And I hear it every body. We can compete with that would be listen to the lottery show. Yeah. But sure enough. And he phones are full. Did she ever back a Paul on her? And she got some guy on that day. But I got it. But I got to tell you it's just his dough. Anyway, I'm going to go at the door and wait for the pizza to come. I'll let you know when I get a pizza in here. Trust me, just to have keep the faith. Okay. Wait a go. I like it. By the way, give Judy Wilson a big kiss on a little form. You're here. She'll be. No, I'm not going to see her. I mean, she'll be. You'll be like a J. Not. See her singing. I'm not in the night. Correct. Very fast. Very well of you. Yeah. Tell her to stick it where the moon don't shine. Okay. I like her voice too. She sounds just like Dampy McCallum and drag. Wow. Okay. It's 12 minutes past noon at W. I. O. D. It's Monday night. Well, it will be Monday night. My Rogers Monday show. We hope you have it a wonderful day. It's a great day to be out there and breathe in the fresh air and looking around you and getting really depressed and knowing where you are. Well, I'm trying to laugh extra loud today to upset those old farms. Yeah. The more I can laugh the better. They hate it. Yeah. Yeah. My team having such a good time. Where's the miserable? That laughing feels great. Just remember that's the slogan for Sound Florida folks. Missouri loves company. That's our state slogan. Also today, by the way, yes, buddy McCays going to throw in the towel finally today. Today, yeah, every time they start counting again, he gets further and further behind by the end of the day, it probably be 100,000 votes behind. Okay, West Boca. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing today? Great. Listen, I really like your show. I've been a fan for a while, but I think it's a little decluttered on this station here. You touched a pot of a minute ago with those promos. I'm trying to restrain myself, but I mentioned a debilial the other day that they're just a little bit overproduced here like when you run a about a 42nd promo and you come back with a rejoined that runs about 30 seconds on the heels of a formative commercial break. It's like it's like taking each person in the audience and slapping them in the face. Okay. It's really a drag. I could, you know. Oh, they're going to clean it up, okay? And the news. The news is terminal. Oh, you want me to do the news again, right? You're not going to get that carry. Well, I don't know. Listening to the news breaks that you guys have had, they seem to be picking up Glenn and old disease there. Oh, you know, but seriously, they, uh, it's just too much clutter. The news is not, it's not really a good news, uh, job anyway. Why? What do you mean by that? You want me to sit here and let you rip the news department here. We've been here for six days. Can't you wait a couple of weeks? I wait. I waited six days. Well, that's not enough. Oh, okay. I'm sorry, but seriously, you'll much too much clutter and all the promos and bumpers and Rick Weaver and Bob Soap Dish and all this other crap too much. Well, I got to tighten it up a little bit. Sir and same with you. Boy, he was just a sterile. Wasn't it? What time is your was on? He'll be okay. Boy, too many mouth contents out there. Spoiled the broth. Okay. Give us time. These things need to be tightened up a little bit. We need to get rid of some of those long. See the philosophy I guess and I could be wrong, but I'm just assuming having, you know, experienced this. The philosophy is, you know, what you can say in five words, we can say in 10,000. But we'll tighten that up a little bit. Get it down to about any 500. Things will be just fine. Can't bother that. And well, I have noticed it that when we go away, we go downstairs. We check out the refrigerator. Go out for a little walk out by the bay. Come back. Many, many minutes later, and it's we're just in time every time. No problem. Yeah, it's true. Which is nice for the food if and when the pizza shows up. Now, Flora is may not be open. I know, but he wouldn't you think somebody would have called in and said they're closed on Monday. They very easily call them. Carmine would have called and said it's on a weight on panic. Yes, the hotline. See, I get the feeling and maybe I'm wrong, but they're just like the meal today. Man, it blows me away. There's one check for the Camilla house in there. Wow. Well, I think there's going to be more. I mean, even on Zeta, even on that station where we were allegedly doing too well, it was still coming in like, you know, a 3,400 bucks a day. When we left wasn't it? It broke down. I mean, that there was a whole bunch of stuff. And I said, hey, just send it over to Brother Paul and to do your thing, you know. Hmm. It's disturbing. It's disturbing. Yeah. Like we got a lot of work to do and we don't realize we thought we'd just come over here and sit down and be a big piece of cake. No, we got a lot of work to do. But where I Friday we had all those young people calling in. It was a major miracle. Where did that happen? We're up for the task, aren't we? Yeah. We are. Sure. Okay, it's 12 18 in WIOD. Let's go to a four-loaderdale. Hello. So, how are you doing now? Great. I made it through a week. Yeah, we survived the first week. Now we're really getting going this week, boy. Yeah, you know, that rich character. He should go like that. That was wasn't it? Yeah, well, I would have sworn that to a was. I didn't want to embarrass what I'm painting a butk. I got one of these drafts where I'm driving around all the time, you know. Oh, I talked about chronic. And hey, rage, we got something for you, baby. Good day. That's it. Oh, anyway, I was driving down I'm 95 just the other day. And this guy was brushing his. Well, driving down the road. Yeah, a problem with it. I like that. I said, yeah, I pulled over because that's a great he's going to floss next. Yeah, well, I had a guess. No, I had a much worse one than that on the turnpike. I passed his old lady. She was in a big continent. She was taking a coffee animal. And she was driving southbound on the turnpike. I couldn't believe it. Hey, Glenn, are you just great. Hey, you know, we should have one of those personal calls. Oh, good. Where people don't know what's going on? Yeah, now you are you happier one of these hours again. Yeah, it's in the daytime. You're alive when you're on. I know who this is. I know. I know. A chronic that you're not chronic. That's the first time on a. Yeah, just I know who the person is. So what are you doing for dinner? Thursday night. Oh, jeez. At the usual play. I'm just okay. Okay, but you know, I haven't heard on the phone again. You still have that? I don't know. No. You don't have it. No. Oh, well. There's a lot of stuff. Look, we got to get a lot of new material. Okay, and I thought that when I come into morning there'd be all kinds of stuff in the box turns out that somebody left a couple of copies of the battle of Jimmy Swagger and Jimmy Baker. Oh, right up to the minute barefoot man. That turns out that the Nick tells me it's a piece of garbage and don't waste your time playing it. And then the tape J. Merrick left that I was so excited about. I thought it had two songs on it. And it said audio and also a waco. That's all it was was the two words of yours and us the waco. You know, from the tape that we love. I mean, come on, Jay, is that the best you can do? Is it that all these people have lost their creativity? Wow. I can't believe that. Yeah, that's what it was. Let me just say Neil, you're better than Steve is. I hope you beat him in the rage. Okay, so you're have a wonderful day. Just leave Steve alone. Okay. Uh, Miami enjoys the bird. This is an unusual call. Hello. It is. Oh, yeah. I'm Neil. This is he. Hey, I understand you like done in Bob's hot. Wait, this is the call. Is this the right call or the wrong call? You wait a minute. We got two different ones on three. You're the one that says they they're no good. Well, I just don't understand how you can eat them. Why not? In gross greasy. Yeah, they're not greasy. You don't think the grease. When's the last time you were there? Last year. I'm from Rochester. Oh, well, where do you eat your hots at Vick and herbs? Vick and herbs. Now he's got a nicks. To the next. Nick. Oh, great. Terrific. But I just don't understand you were what we're hot. Yeah. I don't know. I just I could don't bother. I think they're we're hot. I just think so. Well, so why don't you get something different if you don't like their white hot? So I want you to go one of their ground rounds with cheese and onion. I'm going to do that. I can give you a little hurt. Okay. That's all right. No problem. In fact, if you want to come over here and give me a hard time, that'd be okay, too. No, that's okay. Okay. You have a good day. Bye. Bye. Okay. He was all right. He just wanted to give us a little rough time. Hard time. That wasn't the correct call. Right? No, well, he's got there. Was three was under twice. But the one died while he was on hold. Okay. 22 past noon at WIOD. Don't forget Steve. Do they has another contrived debate? Stuart Johnston. I got to do something about these cans. You know it because now they're feeding back. Mitch said he was going to put that overhead in here. But Rome wasn't building a day. But maybe if I just use my cans, maybe put them back in there. They're good because these just don't work. And I don't want to wear them. They don't work. No, I mean they work, but they don't sound any good. They don't have that. They're sound great. Certain sound. Yeah. That AM sound. No, these were good on FM. What is it? Sure. Where? I'll see. Is that working any better? No. Well, anyway, moving right along, it's a 12.23 in WIOD. And I want to tell you right now, but I only know I'm solid. And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about our special place. Just a short little turn. From New York, East and Pogano. I scow that's right. I want to go to get away from it all. There was that in the Pogano's. He can feel that thing. I love that stuff. Play shuffleboard if you wear. I got a nine go for Saturday brunch. Or probably food on top of your tears. I hope it's kosher. Enough, Pogano's. I got an buck Hill. Camel back in WIOD. My Nelly. And Johnny, there's even Mickey Rooney. No. Played Rock and Crisco. Oh, we let's go home. Killing the Pogano's. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show. We're told you all and though. In the Pogano's. Get a hot shake, Tom. You put a champagne. Sit by the pool and act like a club. Let's get the chicks who can meet in a school. Over by the exercise. Hey, chew the overhand of Pogano's. Guy top and buck Hill. Camel back in WIOD. My Nelly. And Johnny. Don't forget Mickey Rooney. Played Rock and Crisco. Oh, we let's go home. Killing the Pogano's. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show. We're told you all and though. In the Pogano's. Let's go. Just forget your feet. I don't like my teeth in a little bag with the water in the effort. Oh, and I believe that's perfect. I like that much. You're pulling out of the thing in there. And I appreciate it. He was a perfect for the show today. 1229 and WIOD. Our next call is in Margate and it's about a hot sauce from Don and Valle. Hello. They're gone. Oh, I had to choose between the Pogano's, the Jewish Pogano's and the hot sauce. I'll take the Pogano's over. My amy. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Great. For the Rochester area here. Hey, we're really getting this going now. We'll probably do the whole rest of the show. I don't see you. That's kind of funny. I'm not in the background. What? What's this guy wanted about in the background? Talk about oh no. Well, he's from a real swath sophisticated city, Lakeland. Oh, how about that? What? It's just, it's just that this reminiscing just go, you guys just go on. Exactly. And now on. That's right. And it just got really. The reason I'm calling was not about that. But being that while I was on hold, I heard another caller talking about. See? See? And an idiot, by the way. I didn't know he doesn't know his armpit from his white hon. No, I'll tell you what. I, uh, well, you know, our bright and high school is. I imagine. Yes, I do. I said you weren't going to do this. I think that's the better part of my high school career. And he's dead. He wasn't going to, he will. I want to write an elementary, which is right next door to Brighton High. And of course, Brighton Elementary is next door to Don and Bob's. Although there's that little school, you can be the primary school in between, which is not something else. Still cool, yeah. Yeah. Listen, uh, sir. Can I ask you a question? Go right ahead. You ever been to dog and suds in Lakeland? No, no. No. Thank God for that. That's why he's still lying. That's why he's around to talk. You know, it's right there on Main Street. Hey, dog and spuds aren't they on Waxy in the morning? Ha ha ha. All right. Go ahead, sir. And I'll let him intimidate you with this Lakeland crap. No, not at all. There's another fact, uh, went, where was last time you were up in Rochester? Yeah, I hear there some changes. Yeah, Don and Bob was bought by this douche bag. Go on. So bunch of Wendy's up there and he's changing everything around and ruining it. Does he ruin you? Yeah. Because I remember five years ago, it took a dive and then it came back. Yeah. Well, this guy is going to make a dive that the even flipper would be embarrassed by, okay? Trust me. It already, he's already in midair. Unbelievable. But what did you call about, sir? No, what I was calling for, I was listening to the show and I got strange call from some people over at the Harold. Yeah. They're selling department. Well, their pitch was rather interesting. Call me up and, you know, I told them first of all, are you aware that you're calling a business? No, but as long as you've got you, let me tell you about our special business. Yeah. Saving of only a dollar 13 a week. Now, the newspaper cost 25 cents an issue. This is only Monday to Friday service. Yeah, sir. When waste their time, call if you having people call, tame the people to call. Mm-hmm. Well, they don't want to say to the 12 cents, they want to go stuff that's great. And the fact is that, you know, now that they have a total monopoly in Dave County, they ought to just leave everybody to hell alone. Yeah. Now, there's another thing. I thought that I had to remember hearing something about the people up in Brower County taking their street vendors off. Mm-hmm. You do? Now, there's still out there. They are? They're all over the place. Well, they're more than they're more than ever before. Did they just, we're going to try? Yeah. Oh, everyone said this, stick it where the moon don't shine, okay? Well, that's crazy because I know now down in Dave County, everywhere you look, there's all newspapers everywhere. Oh, yeah. And they're hawking every kind of stuff that's selling condoms on a street corner, is anything you can think of? That's really wild. And camera act is selling little ones, condominiums. How about that? Okay. Well, I just thought I'd give you a ring, say hello. Okay. Well, listen, you call again and we'll reminisce about up to New York and engine paint. Oh, I have a somebody, okay. I've got plans to go and up there in January. Oh, my God, you want to reconsider, sir. What? Reconcid, I have to go. There's a family wedding. Boy. Anyway. Well, listen, when you thought yourself out, give us a call from there. Yeah. Right. I get sick into Miami airport thinking about how cold it is up there. Okay. Dr. Lann. Wayne is theist. By the way, do you see that thing about the guy that clerk or the cashier, whatever he was, it was working at publics in the Gables? Sure. And he said, don't do that. I know Jorge, that was the big story over the organic story. And now the publics people are apologizing and backtracking profusely. See, it's people like that store manager and like the Ena Sharers and the Emmy Shafers and they think that I'm on their side. I got news for them. I don't want any part of that. Okay. I mean, one thing we speak English, wonderful, all of that. But to carry it to such an extreme. Yeah. And to be so hostile and so militant about it, man, I don't want any part of that. And I never did. Well, I'll tell you a really great thing is I went to my publics yesterday. Yeah. And when the bag boy put the groceries in my car, he said to me, when is Diaz or something? You know, in Spanish, I guess that was kind of their own little private protest, but the, uh, always don't want to redo it. Happy and 12th anniversary from the bag boy's at public. Happy 12th anniversary, Neil. Yeah, I'm a bag boy and I'm my name's Jason. Yeah, we know Jason, we're just going to have a topic crap. Okay. It's 1234, April more than with the WIOD news update and we'll be right back. Can sickle by the way. Just mentioned that for whoever that was was that Joe Jr. So was. Okay, 21 till one at WIOD. The good news is that Flora is going to be sending pizza in about 25 minutes or so. That's all we care about is that we get fed. Okay. Yeah, I told you if I gave him a winning horse, he would come through for us. Didn't I say that? Just a joke. Just kidding around. But I did give him a winning horse. I did. Why are you looking at me that way? Let's take this mobile call on six. Hello. Hey Neil, Glenn, how you doing? Okay. Hey. Hey. Overmodulating. Yeah, puking your gotsauce here. Glenn, this one's for this one's for all the people from Florida. I think I can sum up Neil's reminiscing with the people from New York and one word. All right. Not from New York. They're from Rochester, which is like not New York. They're from New York. The word is chronic. Last war, New York came after Rochester. Listen, if I have to choose between talking about Rochester, or listening to Rich Pack, they're called for the 10,000 times. Ripping the news department. Everybody in this radio station, where they're paying us more money than God has. I mean, enough is enough already, right? We'd like to at least make it to the first month. Neil, yeah, I did Neil. I've noticing that you're a little grunt shy. About one. I don't know. I first started listening to you when you were on I know. Yeah, I Inzy and you were like outrageous. Yeah, I mean, there was a problem with some attorney that you did probably don't want to talk about. We can't talk about right. We won't talk about, but but nonetheless, I mean, you were excellent. It was great. You got my blood going. It's then you went to Zeta. They kind of like muffled in muffled in muffled in muffled in Now you're back on AM and you're a little good. Well, that's true, but you gotta understand you become Conditionous things and after you've been restrained and muscled like we were over there to the point where you had it. You had to analyze something every time somebody said it or every time you were going to say something It was like a little pregnant pause and like are they going to call us in and have another nervous It's not worth it. Don't understand it. Yeah, we're the so we're now going through a little bit of culture shock Over the fact that here we got people who are enlightened and and it realized you audience wants to be entertained And have a good time and not couldn't jump all over our backs about that. You're a little rusty. Of course if we don't give the call letters enough They're probably jump on us about that. So W i o d w i o d. I'm on i o d. There you go. I you d. I do do Okay, well you guys have a great day. Okay, you too. Bye. Bye boy. Was he alive? Well, he was he was very good and he had a very good point Yes, he did as it turned out he did. He was right. Oh, man. We got a break early for an EBS test Boy, they got us coming and going every week. You don't think You just want us to like sit in the corner over there. We'll just got up to zelts you want EBS you can just keep it in one card after another. I mean we don't want to interfere with whatever's going on over here Okay, we didn't come into mess anybody up now. We did one of those last week. I think they should be in a different day part this week They were on Friday. We had an EBS. How come we got another one on Monday? They'll always be in a different day supposed to rotate Yeah Somebody else can do it this way. So tell whoever put that on there to rotate on this Okay, let's go to lighthouse point. Hello. Hello now. I'm going to stick to you again I scored a couple times very on earlier in the morning You mentioned three way and stay get yeah. I just have to have a couple copies of it. Well, we can't play it You can't now The only way we could play it is if I had somebody called Don I miss a WNBC and there were somebody up there as producer and they gave us permission to play it Okay, because which is possible because they let us play the Casey case and thing which came from their engineer up there And they have no problem with it. So maybe they're mellowing in their old age Because if you would wanted I send a down to you. Well, we'll check it out. Yeah, Johnny dark my appeal Yeah, we'll see if Johnny dark in intercede and RB had he's a real buddies with I'm a sim Okay, what I'll do is I'll play another copy of it and Send a down to you. Okay. We appreciate you I have a whole bunch of your old tape really you know what I was thinking the other day Do you remember we were talking on Friday? Somebody wanted to hear um I want to be Don Johnson Yeah, Stan used to play right and Marlon Bailey has totally shined as since we came over here Which figures I guess because he was buddies with Paul L. Yeah, I guess that that piece for itself But anyway, um oh here I thought that was gonna write another message is facelut up like All my utilized and Paul L. Yeah, but anyway, I'm Stan. I'm sure must have that Well my old buddy Stan I'm not conveyor because he's got a whole bunch of stuff and he's not on the air anyway So he got it after all the stuff that we'd gave him yeah, right everything even Reluctantly very often but we give him a bunch of stuff the least you could do is let us borrow some of that stuff Really gets another job a good idea Yeah, okay, what I'll do in the old one some of the old stuff and Yeah, I'll save it Win afraid. Yeah Okay, it's a good speaking and I enjoy listening to each day. Okay. You and the bird'sake in now. Thank you Sir, I like the radio talk. That's that was what's that? Slave it he's gonna slave it. Yeah, it's radio jargon. No, it's not there. Nobody in this business ever uses that extra true But that but he thinks it is that's right, but that is technically he's correct But nobody ever says that you're right. Oh I'm getting like exhausted from the show. It's only Monday and I'm worn out What from all this husser why that's going on here? We got a mobile on three hello You're on W i o d sir This is W i o d that's correct. I gotta tell you Neil I've been traveling around with these baked audio cassettes in my console of man And I listen your audio cassette is aching now Yeah, that's a godfather Yeah, I can hear it. I hear it. Remember that. Yeah, great show turn it off sir Remember that guy Neil? Yeah, yeah, yeah, and then he was on f m and then he got released to freedom again Right, he break out the great show. Yeah, did you notice that cacquademy? It was a great show. What does that mean? No, I said it's a great show. Oh, I listened it over and over and I thought you said oh that particular show I gotta tell you well now that particular show is good because I happen to be on there And I think we have a little dueling Pope there. Oh, yeah, and I happen to start that particular day I remember that very no you know what I remember and I was reminiscing with somebody the other day. No, what do you remember? Sure. I remember the day the bird called you up the day he got canned Yeah, or the day following he got canned boy. I forgot no We can contract talks and contract disputes. I've forgotten about that. You're right Days huh yeah Yeah, fire from the the FM I and Z Yeah, funny though. I tell you know you may feel like you're a little gunshot But I don't feel gunshot Now see that guy started it and now you're picking it up and I'm starting an ugly real morning It's like a very hard turning into a forest fire It's working on any space and you go to right it works on it only one thing I want to tell you I am bitterly and I'm not joking about this I am so disappointed at the Mayo because obviously there were a whole bunch of IOD listeners who didn't listen to me before and they're listening now Or least some of them are and Edition which you know some of the other people who would not send a check for the commilis house And I went through two or three times on Friday went through this big song in a dance and you would have thought today Did I do a Thursday two I think so if there's the end Friday you'd have thought we'd have gotten in you know 5600 bucks for the commilis out there got one stick and check for $10 here What kind of responses at is this is this a brain dead chief skate audience? What can I say? We'll find out I guess I know it exactly well listen I want to get you to be pressed have a wonderful day Now you don't want to you don't want to put any new ones on there, dude I have a run some tape in a while I sent I sent Six hours to KC to my brother and law which he's using sent back and said send more Yeah, well, that's great It's fine. What can I say okay keep up the good work and She's I'm looking forward to that EBS break On wio It's a good one. Have a great day. Well 59 bye In fact what we ought to do is have the listeners keep their own logs now at home Remember how we used to have a lot for when people used to show up like Gary Lawrence and Rose Folger or we don't have we can't see the outside. We can't see the parking lot no color. We're like Closed in here and they did that on purpose. Yeah, so we can't see when the like Mike Disney shows up What she is back today looking tanned and fit and ready for a real brawl Yeah, and you know and we're ready to give him one. No everything is great We just have a few little minor things to iron out. That's right and they better do it right Okay, it's 12 minutes before one. I think what we ought to do if we got that EBS does we have to do this break a little bit early So we come back we might have like 20 or 30 seconds to speak to the people I mean let's get serious So it's supposed to be a different thing that what really gets me you know It's what he starts playing those Allen Courtney promo. I can't get off I mean I got a pretty good sense of humor, but let's not get carried away Okay, it's 11 before one at WI Ho D WI O D 1252 at WI O D I should get the address again if you want to send a check in for the Camilla sauce We're coming up on Thanksgiving and just a couple of weeks That right next week we can have and then the Christmas and New Year will be following right on the heels of that and we're you know We do our damnedest every year all through the year, but especially this time of the year to raise money for the Camilla sauce And I'm just Flyberg guys, do I can't believe it? The mail here today. I mean this this can't be the mail, okay? Maybe tomorrow there'll be a mountain of mail. It will be surprised because we don't want to call these people cheap skates But no matter what it is if it's five or ten bucks or a hundred or five hundred whatever you can afford and it's all tax exempt Just make the check out to Camilla sauce and mail it to a Camilla sauce here in Eorodges WI O D Miami 33141 and I also have a feeling that the post office in this in this part of town is Totally out to lunch There's mail at arrives here with post marks from days and days ago and I just you know We're gonna have to have an investigation of the North Bay Village post office Wow, if there is such a thing. Yeah, they got their own post office in North Bay Village you're is like part of Miami Like lemon city. We'll check it out. Okay. We got a call from the Bahamas hello Hi, Neil. Hi. Is this your first Bahamas call since you've been back? You're our furry. You're our virgin Bahamian color on WI O D Well, I wouldn't go that far but anyway Listen, we I am not in the Bahamas right now, legally. I am in West Palm Beach, but we live in the Bahamas Oh, no, no, we don't get a lot of Man, he's Palm Beach people will figure out more ways to get on the bridge. You know, I just can't help but I don't use the line at all And then as soon as they get on man's like put us on right ahead everybody. No, it's okay Just don't live I'm a stand Don't live right above from the Bahamas to Palm Beach and then we're flying back Great, so you have to we we do again. I just want to let you know how glad we are to have you back on a We miss you terribly because of course, you know, we can't get any of them in the Bahamas Well, I don't I don't blame them. Yeah, no, what does WI O D come in into Bahamas? Yes, very well. Are you sure? All we have to sunrise and before sunset Well, that's okay. That's why I like being on midday. We don't have to worry about pattern change right at you know That allows us to hear you again and we miss you terribly while you're good What is what is Steve doing out there just circulating in the hallway man? It's ought to be a log in said Something's happening. Yeah, there's something going on out there. They're pointing. Oh, it must be the pizza people People with food or the hallway not yeah all the upper level management people are out there eating our food probably go ahead, man I'm sorry. Okay. I didn't know if we were allowed to call if we hadn't listened to earning on Saturday Oh, yeah, listen in fact all all his all his all his all audiences called already Well, I didn't hear him, but I didn't hear of my name. I heard a rumor that Next week has show us on the sex flight of oatmeal. Yeah, but that's true. You shouldn't be letting stuff like that leak out if you know what I mean Okay, that's true. Glenn. Yeah, we love you. Thank you. You're very good. Don't let's know those other cars. Oh, I don't Okay, you have a great day Let's get a water thing. Yeah, I know I'm allowed to say hi to Dennis and Lincoln and now you sure are Okay, well, thanks anyway. Say goodbye. Bye Volca hello Boy, what I have to wait through is incredible. I know you want me to put you on hold no, please please We could listen you could be on hold during the WIOD EBS test, okay? Well, that's not like a thrill but it would be a once at a lifetime opportunity, sir Yeah, but I read it here and when you hear that 60 cycle total make you think make you feel like you're listening to the sandy paint Oh, he got Look, I just have Please Glenn, please let me get in a word here before I had I got two minutes and 48 seconds and counting sir. Okay God, I think Elmo that Steve does with that old bed. Yeah, got 30 seconds, man Yeah, well, you're mentioning Steve please don't let him in on your show. Okay. I mean he is You know, just Got as he horrible his nice not horrible. He's been real nice to me since I've come here I don't know why must be up to something but yeah because he likes it that you're on before him and he's gonna get a lot of people I'm serious he's been very friendly. I mean look you have to put certain things behind you You're gonna work with people and you know holding grudges and carrying all of that stuff his point was now probably in a week or two will be Brawling again, but let's give it time. Yeah, well don't put him behind you because I don't understand I would never do that But one more thing I got to say before and you know, I'll take it up with him on his show because you know But that's what they say right to his face sir Right right straight to that safe the balls to say it right to his face Well, it's not a good two carry away, but I have to That yes, they're gonna be a new melting pot Really yeah, it's gonna be a Northmine beach for all those I live there But I've worked up in Bokus so it's one calling from Bokus, but very excited I was at the Tenble melting pot and told I don't know what the manager's name was I said I hadn't heard the spot for the wake with one I think they're closed and he Prescott all hysterically he took his banana went to the back room and Made it call he told me I was wrong and I you know and they're not closed no no they're not But they have no while the only reason wait a minute the only reason that we stopped Mechon and for a while they couldn't figure out if they were in West Palm Beach or Lake Worth and They were having like the two management people up there is big brawl over where they really were and they went They got all these maps and they went through a big oh, it sounds good anyway I don't know what their story is but they're still open they're doing great right well the reason he told me was that FM your FM station couldn't get up the West Palm Beach so the people who owned that one didn't want Advertise this sir can I tell you something not only did that station get up to West Palm Beach before they even opened I got a letter from the manager of that store thanking me for all the people overcoming and knocking on the door asking when they'd be open who heard it in my show so you know the stories change and people like to ride the wave of success or whatever But they'll be okay and Paul and Dana will straighten them out Yeah, that'll do it Okay, well I think we'll pass on that listen have a wonderful day sir. Yes good luck. Bye bye Good come emotional here. I'm there or any emotional basket case. Okay listen the Wiod EBS test is coming up next This is one of the highlights of our broadcast week then the news will be back at 105 or Give her take five or 10 minutes on 610 Wiod 106 106 Wiod D I made a mistake ladies and gentlemen. We have a major correction We have two $10 checks per criminal sauce day and that incredible wow and one and it looks like they handwriting of somebody's about a hundred years old and it's a dress to Roger the Roger So Roger open it thinking it was for him and Here it's a check for Camilla sauce boy some of you people out there man some of you who are like on oxygen now As we begin our last hour the pizza should be here any minute so it ought to work out great Right Right and the meantime we'd ask some people during the news one in the day at 751 Wiod and a Palm Beach lines again are dead I don't even know if I want to give the Palm Beach numbers because it seems like every call we take on those lines Is like a little song in a dance attached to it You know what I mean? Yes, some little game like it's a mobile phone or look at that that looks like our food from flora's right Well that pizza here it is looks like she's got a lot more than a pizza. I got enough food there for the Chinese army. Oh my let me help her Yeah boy look at it moves like a maniac now. I've never seen it move that fast since I've known him All right, I just relax don't get all bed out of shape now and Steve probably is gonna be on the way down the hall too Feed Steve in there okay because otherwise he gets all emotional You always want to just the one cheese pizza and you can take all of the good food for the whole stand Yeah, what's right the bags boy. They don't love us here now. What is in there? So does so did like I got two here so we put those in a refrigerator We might have enough so does for the whole week if People keep their fingers on the refrigerator boy this smells white Egg nog No, I'll pass on that and paper plates Why are you sticking to my kingdom paper? What are you looking to pay for plate? Yeah like for sound No, no Really it was that yeah, yeah, oh no, I'm telling you we'd very antisepticly and we cleaned it up and so far My chest and hit us with a banana so far and I'll take some of that newspaper so I can put it on me So we don't get any grease or anything unruly just one section of a U.S. Saturday day, which is very good for that by the way Soking up a grease Although for is it not greasy anyway, it's incredible. We thank them again and what's all that other stuff? There's so does and there's another pizza Okay, thank you, Carmine you guys continue to be just too good to be true. I don't oh don't get that mung oh jeet Oh, that was close and you got a little oil on the thing there. Yeah Yeah, see we don't monkey around we get when we want food we get it in here We're at some kind of like some human douche bags. Okay. Look at the size of that slice Okay, let's go back to the calls while Steve continues to a gorge himself silly here How is it this good hey, see you later was a reason for us being here. That's how it felt The stamp already loves us man there They're in love with us because we can get fed we may not have any audience, but we don't give it them about that As long as we eat Dear field hello. I know hi, Glenn. How you doing? Great Glad to hear you getting a little bit thoroughly again Neil. Yeah, well, you know the first week was kind of a little honey moon and I wanted to be on my best behavior Now we're gonna kick some serious ass Boy, don't just go No disrespect intended towards April words and but I really miss Glenn's new How are you serious right is there key japel how to butcher the names and how do you believe it was I was you know I mean Glenn's right up there with Dennis Miller's weekend update, you know Yeah, was that sort of that genre of news you're right Which I saw something on Saturday night live. I don't know if you guys watched it, but he had the greatest joke He said that Bush chose quail is his running mate so he thought it was the best insurance he could get against any ass assassination attempt Yeah And through and I just wanted to Menton DUI enjoy the kids so far. I was good. Yeah, was one of the one like kids? They were yeah, you're right there were kids Well, I mean, but they were good. I called up. I just wanted to say something to you I think it was Early in the morning you said something about what we're gonna open the lines up here This we're not getting a lot of calls and then I called and man next grade He says I'm sorry they're only taking my school hair. We take a nice school calls and he wouldn't let me talk to you So I said hey, I'm a student of life, you know, but yeah, so I just wanted to know what you think about Lame a Reagan here is now wait a minute. Who is that is that bill? Why? What do you want? Why is you all right any memo about it you can have a slice go ahead Get into it. Yeah, just they are yes go ahead man don't let bill in a rupture conversation I'm sure you've seen all over the news bushes up there fishing I'm gonna worry he hasn't been wearing a life jacket now wait man. Where you going with the rest of that? I'm gonna take it no you're not I'm gonna have another slice of that no there's another whole pie downstairs get out of here You maniac Have a patty get you some pizza, wait yeah, okay, no no seriously give me just one more and then you can take it Boy the real reason is in areas having a nervous breakdown because there's food in here again. You're not kidding me for a second Okay, here you go Look on this lady it's very antiseptically although he almost had a major accident here mom and a go But he'll be all right. That's right. Well he minn and give him a look that would kill I got excited Okay, go ahead man. What were you saying? I'm not trying to demean your call, but the food is here and it's a hell of a lot more important I'm trying to call you guys get through when you guys are eating I know it's okay I'm just a little concerned because Bush hasn't been wearing a life jacket up there when he's been fishing on don't be talking about those kinds of things okay Don't be talking about it. Yeah, that's right. It's not a joke. No. I'm worried seriously That's okay. That was my first concern Trust me, and he jumped off the boat and into the water and I'm like holy Crow man He doesn't like well, I'll ever become his president God forbid that I mean all the little kids all the elementary school students can sit in on a cabin And meetings we need a hell of a time Yeah, well We can all we can have our cabinet meetings of Lionel play world. You know nothing Please well, listen have a wonderful day. Thanks. It was nice to talk to you guys talk to you later. I'm great. Bye bye What Okay, now a couple of people disappeared while she was on there Which is okay, but it's good given those numbers out just in case in date 751 wild Myim and Broward five two four wild Boko and Delray two seven eight wild in pubbie 655 wild which got us four great wilds right there at I'm gonna chapter one on wild Introducing butch beer the first beer brewed four women by women When you grab a bush beer you're taking hold of the Billy Jean Qing of beer Fire booth and the crushing waters of French leg Indiana with bush beer You've got a beer that goes down easy taste that you'll know why it's our personal best What beer let everyone know you're more than just a woman you're a gal who can take it like a man Snatch a 12 pack off the show today and crack open off bush just ask any woman I'm the whole it's as good as any liquor Butch beer strong enough for a man, but who needs one go for the gust of the strapping belt of bush beer Sure and toss the lot, but don't dicker on the price bush beer come and find a bush flavor liquidy split Which beer brewed by Ann House or Bush French lick Indiana a division of time went on industries You've her fall special vanger the next time you're eating out order up bush Boy just goes on forever gone 117 to wild the new Rogers Monday show and our next cool is in Miami hello hello Is this is the old Rogers? Yeah, hi, you're how you doing okay? What is liquidy for me? Just let's move along sir. What was your call about my call is about that I just wanted to know Yeah, good call. That was great. Yeah, that's one of our friends all three day line just went dead by the way 75 one wild oh look at that One They're dead. Yeah, date is dead. Is that a revelation to you Okay, hello, hello, yeah, yeah, hey, you know I wanted to ask you a question about What is it what is the career path of Glenn? I mean, where do you go after being Neil Rogers sidekick? I mean, is he going off spin off on his own show like the Jefferson or something like that? I was gonna retire Well, I guess he probably need to retire after working with you for so long, but yeah, I mean is that just this that what all sidekick same for is just a retire on the on the mass of earnings that you guys make Well, I think it depends on the individual show. I think they're all different But you know, what could I do to top this? There's nothing right you can always replace Paul Shafer on Letterman. Yeah Yeah, you got the right here do Well, you could do some albums like he has yeah Find yourself a group and do a couple like do a couple cuts. Oh, I could cackle on record now that's that Can you imagine that on CD? Well, maybe that maybe Casey and the sunshine bank could find some use for that Hmm, I get Casey case him on there too That's a good idea. I'll think about it. Yeah I'm so glad you asked Well, have a great day. You too What a call. I'll play TNWild and we'll go to Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hi, is this the 10 Wild? You got it sir. 610 Wild You depend on it. Hey, I just wanted to give you a call. I live in Key West, but I am in Fort Latterdale for the day I was made a night there lady from the Bahamas there You know, it's a one or two months glad to hear you back on a M so I can get the signal down Uh-huh. So this is sort of like a call from the keys in other words if yeah if we He was from the Bahamas, I'm a way of West Palm Beach So you're from the keys by way of Fort Latterdale or somewhere for Latterdale exactly And I do listen to you a work which is great so although they would frown upon my you know being on hold for an hour and a half to talk with you I'm the mind of their own business, okay? Yeah, what they do sign the paycheck oh You know And you're gonna get cliff only of all hysterical with TWN you play that rich beer thing You know something I have a letter in me and my pile of memos It's not a letter. It's a copy of a Article or a column or something and a TWN Fucking ever find it just a second. I don't panic Here it is boy dated dated uh nothing it doesn't even have a date on it But anyway it says yes they're added again Fulbs gallery, okay? And it's a big one of these um Crybaby song in the dance from people who have no sense in humor There's nothing wrong with that Parity Nothing wrong with it at all and if people can't laugh at themselves like some of the people over TWN I want to get up tight about everything and make everything a big crusade and a cause then that's their problem Well, I don't have any problem with it I agree with you I um I had not heard the bit before but I'm a gay person and I think it's so few as a gay person I'm gonna play it. That's good if somebody was using it at the negative thing That might be a little different though But how do you know they were doing that? I just just from what I read Yeah Well, don't always believe everything you're reading the newspapers, okay? Well as a childly and a weekly news Well as a journalist I agree with you There's still busy blowing bobcoons trumpet if you pardon that expression Hi You know bringing him out of the closet all the time and making him into the big community leaders Those guys over there just to got a lot a lot to learn well they can keep bobcoons and so can't Steve for that matter I agree. I don't want that person representing me on no way Thank you. Yeah, get rid of them. Okay, and another one 21 past one at Wild You know some of you don't understand there are some things you can say and there's some things you just you know them But you don't say Okay, that was my second dump. Yeah Leave Alice alone, okay, sir Well, this is so good. You know that gray just must unique great pizza It's not unique. It's like New York legitimate New York style. That's what's so good. You need to this area From what I yeah because one of the people here is from hunger Hmm Anyway Just about done eating I have to pardon us, but there are some things that come first on a show, okay And get those damn checks in the mail today. Let's so let's I just can't believe this mail You would think now we didn't have any mail Friday or Saturday here it's Monday Even on that God forsaken FM on Monday We used to have a big stack of mail. That's true and not only should have been a big stack of mail today But a lot of it should have been checks for the commemoration house and you people must think that's like a joke or something must think that it's a put on Because I think a lot of the people that are used to listening midday on a station are like in a coma. Oh well You don't want to mean beyond ten stages beyond brain dead is what they are Well We don't know if all I was listening or not but that's just problem. Okay, one twenty two. Let's go to hell and deal. Hello How in deal? Uh-huh. That's what it says. Oh well I'm from Danya, but you know close enough close enough close enough. There are plenty of antiques in hell and deal too That's true really Especially now our good friends for Canada are down here. You know, it's believable You know Stephanie was back on days of our lives talking from rising from the dead. He's back and I heard that Marlena's coming back Well supposedly I wanted to bring back the old Roman and then Diane I can run off with the new one And I was thinking about this one One thing about the soaps man you got more lives than the ever-ready cat they just you know Die off a couple of times and then they come back That's right. Hey bird I was wondering are you also gonna do the Christmas Eve special this year? No Well, I don't think so We're all the bitch you mean yeah, and we had to leave uh I know tell those behind almost like a divorce right? Yeah, you got it. Who's that rat in our room? I left it behind. Maybe I'll always get another copy. Yeah, maybe we'll do something but it won't be that Oh whatever it is it can be it's good and I promise I'll put in a check with the Camilla South because you all really do do you know a good cause there Well, I'm just glad to you know y'all are back on and it's good hearing your voice and everything and I just wanted to say I did listen in a way in the morning to that other Station we won't mention it and he's starting to get by Steve is he really? Yes, well that's great with ranting just a little bit About where he got it that from okay. Well, listen have a wonderful day Okay, you two deal boy talking to you boy one twenty four and wio de it's not that you got to twist my arm to What you did any of the six soon to be seven charred location This is dedication and this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand Whether we have kids or pets or neither it's from a man and Cincinnati Ohio and here's what he writes Dear Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request But I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it recently there was a death in our family He was a little dog named Snuggles but he was most certainly a part of us come to it again From coming out of the record play the record, okay Please See when you come out of those up temple damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions and then you got to go into somebody Dying you know they do this to me all the time. I don't know what they how they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a slow record I don't understand it is down on the phone Okay, I want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a thing up temple record every time I do a damn death dedication Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week It's a god last damn time. I want somebody uses and brain to not come out of a damn record That is that that's up camp. Oh, and I gotta talk about a condor dying What is this? The bonderous man Bonderous and bonderous 129 and Wild We're throwing up the trash king and all our garbage all the way not you notice I Bill Wise came in here and made off with that pizza box and sure did This now you know you know why that is don't you? Well, he was little nervous. Yeah, very did you see the look on the space when he was looking here You didn't hear the vibe yeah, but this terrified look through a situation when he looked through the door and so we were doing Yeah, so he came in and acted like well, he wanted some you know and he'd be happy to take it Get that pizza box out of the studio right now Disney's back get it out of there. He's gonna go nuts. You know as we he didn't seem to be concerned no Hey, listen, we're having a good time. Okay everything is fine and if there people want to get all up tight and Sirlie and Ben out of shape over childish stuff that's their problem. Okay see one of the things that bugs me about people that Build and design all these studios and they make them fine, but we're on radio man We're not on television. It's like that jackass Bryant gumble on the today show Which now I have to watch bits of that every morning because I get up early while I watch a little bit of everything Okay, because not and who's that broad on CBS in the morning man? She is so That depressing looking Kathleen. No, it's a Kathleen Sullivan. I don't know what her name is best. I always has now not gray here She's got dark here, but she's always got this sour The pressing look on her face like she just over either had an nervous breakdown or is about to have one on CBS? Yeah, she's terrible. Then they got the guy with the glasses You know, it looks like he's something out of they got that New York mentality. Okay He looks like he should be doing the racing show with Harvey pack on a sports channel or something He doesn't make it on a morning show Like don't joke. What is her name London? Yeah, see he makes it because she's cutesy and how swip she and they're like she's that's that's what the public wants Not some broad. That's got that hostile nasty look on her face like he's got bad gasser something That's Kathleen so oh man as she looked back anyway So Bryant gumble. What the hell was I talking about with Brian? Oh, yeah, he's always told while we're here at studio three b well Who cares what studio it is We don't care You care well, Letterman does the same thing. We don't care about Letterman's audience are all on drugs anyway That's not the point the point is the average person doesn't give a damn about what studio you're in and it's like here It's what comes out of the speaker that people are interested in not how the studio looks you listen It's great working in beautiful studios And this is brand new magnificent. It's like a work of art But the bottom line is didn't we go through this on the AM over the other place? The bottom line is how does it work? How does it sound not how does it look? This is a radio station for crying out. We're not on television. Thank God Well Bryant does that he thinks that impresses people exactly and nobody could give a fly and who'd last? Okay, they don't care if it's studio three b And now the set me why don't we make up a name for their word studio two z Wild yeah, well, like an impresses of it. He they don't care about that they just want to know what's coming through that God damn speaker and their radio that's all they care about now does that mean he's on the third floor? I don't know For my part he could be on the 80 of floor and go to the window, okay, and have a little accident I can't stand Bryant cumple Any he first of all he talks like a mile a minute, but now it's all instead of shouting like he used to do what he was on the ball games Least his scream has guts out now. It's a real softening. He's talking a mile a minute But he always like sneers down at you. You know like boy. I got a lot of money baby. You know if you don't like it You can stick it in your ear. He is on nobody likes him. Everybody hates it. Right. So how come he's on? Really ever you remember during the Olympics and people were they were taking those surveys and the thing they hated the most was him? Yeah, well obviously they even like the Soviet basketball team better than they liked him. I obviously they love him It'd be see and the ratings on that today show are great. They are a win. Well, yeah, because that first of all I'd horrible show on CBS like I said you can't watch her in the morning right sorry for the whole day and ABC I don't know what their story is, but she does all these in sippin like housewife type interviews who did she have on this morning? She had For Reynolds all on the Anderson. I think it's really good now by the way. What they all happened to her Jill and Linda was yeah, they were John one. It was at some health spa here in Florida That's all that one goes massage parlors or something. I don't know what it was, but they were having a hell of a time Well, I personally I'm into the three stitches early in the morning. Yeah, I'm gonna try that tomorrow Boy, what started that always the thing about the pizza? Oh, yeah, you know just relax Every look at how clean it is in here man. You could eat off the floor Which is probably what they're gonna tell us to do starting tomorrow tonight. Did a April or the measure Wild news update it's 134 oh dude 137 at Wild now what what does that mean we can't call out from here? What is that all about did you ever ever in your life Here of a radio station where you cannot call out from the studio none of these lines dial out They do they do they don't they don't Next is they don't and Rogers says they do and Roger dials out on here all the time in the morning So somebody's giving me a crack of BS okay Somebody wants this to be isolated and here like we're cut off from the outside world And what the hell is the operator one anyway? We're in the middle of a show what is she want Find out what she wants caught her up say what the only one Just what oh really that's great right in the middle of the show 22 till two At Wild man. I just don't believe this to you and People are gonna say see they're only been on the sir six day and already he's belly Again, well of course because in the beginning is when you've got to like paper train everybody Yeah, right absolutely That's what we're doing like that little charade that went on here with the pizza box. I mean who's kidding? Well, they're just terrified that we're not seeking me that thing. What is that little paper for you got a Year's law you really are I am You're hung around with Capri to come along you're coming to come on. Oh come on you got to clean up your garbage So that when they come in here it looks like we're making an attempt to keep the place clean. I am The place looks they're not gonna tolerate the kind of mess and slapping as we had over there the only reason that one On is because Rose was just as big as lava as we were and used to come in and participate in the feast Yes daily am I correct? Hmm in fact very often which you up extremely early Just coincidentally the food would show up like minutes later When that's something it was like two three minutes after he walked in the door the food would be right behind and it was so hard Because it was like before nine o'clock in the morning now we had a reason because we had been up since as the World through brutal hour or more 30 but these people like would come in the morning now It's because first of all I don't eat breakfast. I'm not gonna start eating breakfast I don't like breakfast and people really know their nutrition tell you that eating breakfast is a bad idea to begin with because It takes away all your energy to digest it you've slept all night your body has recharged itself Not get out there and do your thing and you know wait till noon time remember that thing may say breakfast is the most important Well of course and the ones who used to say it were the ones that were selling breakfast cereal Of course well it is but not first thing in the morning I mean when you get up in the morning you'll pin you up your cupboard and take out 37 boxes of Total or whatever they do when those you know is ridiculous cereal lands if you see that and the box is just Come pouring out You know and you just sit there and you don't have time to go to work because you got eat 37 boxes of total That's not what I do and let me tell you after 37 boxes is some of those fiber Serials you're not going anywhere out of my house okay the rest of the day well trust me Okay, let's go to Dear field hello. Hi Neil. How you doing good? I had a call you I'm a WI would be listening for a long long time but I did listen to you Here's the girl I bought ten o'clock at night part went to bed. Yeah, and I missed You're in you and lost wherever you went or whatever I'm happy that you're there Great and I think bird is great Thank you sir yeah good combination and Another thing is I'm from Rochester and We're getting to the heart of the call yeah He said the nice about why I'm hot and I do go through every year of course and I did go to Bob and Dan Had a hell of a mic trip there you know And he had a couple hot yeah, and fact Don was my father was was just got father really yeah, yeah And I'll be damned. Yeah, I knew him you know really Commitaling my life you know yeah, it's a nice guy haven't seen him well they don't have anything to do with any more So you don't know what you're about that you guys in there and he's really doing a number on a trust me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure And let's see another thing Ernie. Yeah, I heard Ernie Starrity and he really thinks you're something else Yeah, of course you think the wall prohibits that we say what does that mean? Well, he thinks I think he thinks for the dean. Oh, I see the dean. No, don't say that That expression has departed from all the way. Okay, you are a WD listener. Oh, yeah You've been brainwashed with all those trite cliches and all of this ridiculous cornball slogans You know, okay, listen have a great day and I'll see you down in bud. Okay, bye bye The dean. Let's go to bulk right hello. Yeah, Neil this is Ted from bulkahoyo. Okay, Ted I've been listening to you for about a year now and I want to welcome you back to midday life Thank you only think that bothers me is why you pick on all the New Yorkers. I've been here I've been here about a year. Wait wait wait wait. What do you mean I pick on all the New Yorkers when did you ever hear me pick on all the New Yorkers? You keep saying we're arrogant with lime and you know I didn't say all the New Yorkers are like that Ted I said most of them Including you You jackass You know to see how to give his name. Oh, yeah. Nobody else gives their name We don't do names and assure everybody's content but he's got to be Ted from bulkah Wherever the hell he was from go back where he came from pal Go back to the Bronx Somebody wrote me a long convoluted letter about that fight on Haraldo and about how was contrived And I agree I believe it. I think if you watch it again and by the way, here's the tape I brought it we got to send it back to those the boat people had brought it yeah I don't mean boat people over here and they're both and I did watch it and if you watch it often Love you'll see that when he when he starts grabbing that guy's neck it's it's like professional wrestling I mean it's so obvious the way he's doing it is so fake and the other guys start looking around like they're looking for a cue That was another one of those stage deals. Okay, well, phony is the day is long Haraldo You see it works right into what these type of shows want the publicity he got was in and they're got a great part of it Is that I'm sure it wasn't intended but he got in the middle of and got his nose broken Which really made it all worthwhile which got in the cover of newsweek last week. Yeah Is that incredible on the week of the presidential election? They had Haraldo on the cover While guarantee that there were a lot more people who were interested in Haraldo getting his nose basting and then Care about busher do caucus. Okay, all right, and I can't say a blame him. Okay, let's go to Miami next Hello I You know don't let cane brain wash you know, sir. Okay, you have to take everything you says with ten brains assault All right, I usually do I don't agree anymore But I've thought I'd like to form that also this year's and I'm giving you a format a chance I like The idea listen from time again and morning or time I drive home But I just want to tell you the beginning to enjoy you and the bird it's a different format and You keep your happy all day. I can see no, not true You're very wrong about that Well, I do everything too. I was noticing when I drive home. I still see a bunch of boards But you're advertising you want the other station. They ever gonna come down. I don't know man I guess maybe they don't have they can't afford to take them down But I wouldn't write you at least they would take them down because that'll why my name is associated with them anymore So I wish they would take them to held down I see him Good luck and graduation die. Hope to listen to you Thanks a lot. Bye bye. I see he's a little bit tentative you can tell. Oh, yeah, doesn't know whether to that's a free Marie 3 bananas But he'll get used to it. This is different. Okay. It's not like Steve's show and it's not like Mike's show It's a totally different kind of show which is good It cuz one of the butt wraps and it's not a bum wrap It's a real wrap about talk stations in his country and this is part of the reason that so many of them went down the tubes is They'd have the same kind of talk on all day long Like WS News Exactly and you'd hear the same guests in the same topics and the same callers Yeah, and by the time you get through man with about 15 hours of that you're ready to blow your brains out And they have chronic colors, but there's also such thing as chronic. Yes, yeah in this format and speaking of that Judy Wilson is gonna be I was keep the same with Stuart Johnson the defender of deadbeat dead speaking of chronic But Steve will get over it. He'll loosen up a little bit and you're rid of some of those contrived debates and start You know coming into the real world now listen. Here's a call. You're gonna love him. Okay. Hello. Hello. Yes. Let me say this much to me You got a $10 check for Camilla's house. Listen to your audience Listen to who's calling you just listen to the show. I wonder. I wonder how we raised all those thousands of dollars with the same audience on two other radio stations huh must have been an accident Then you mean this on the matter with your radio station No, I didn't say that there's a problem. How much did you send how much did you send you old bag? I Know you would say that how much do you send how much do I send know how much did you send to the Camilla's son? What I could afford how much? Would you like to know really? Yeah 10 dollars and I got it No, I didn't send it to you. Oh, yeah, all right like you the check is in the mail. Huh? Who the hell are you kids? Heck is in the mail. Yeah See there's one of the old bags who can't stand the fact that we don't want her We don't want anything to do with you and I bet your feet smell too, okay? And I bet your teeth are just rotting in a glass somewhere right now as we speak you haven't changed the pollin probably six months You disgusting filthy subhuman bag But turn it up a little bit longer. Yeah, turn it up a little bit louder Like we know raised money for charity. We raised thousands and thousands of dollars for Camilla's house I am proud to say because it's my favorite local charity And we've only been here for six days so the fact that this brain dead audience hasn't responded yet the way that we had hope That's the way it goes, okay? We'll come around when we start flagulating them and beating them over the head Right? That's what it took every place else That's right, but she sent her $10 but didn't send it to me. Who the hell are you kidding? That's that's like saying I gave it to you office. Mm-hmm. Yeah, likely story, man You filthy disgusting miserable old bitch Everything that's wrong with this town is in Ed woman's body, okay? Everything that's wrong with this area. She represents she's the epitome of the creeping death that big dark cloud that hangs over this tropical paradise We don't want to see no is we're gonna disrupt our lifestyle They'll take away all the space at the early bird You can take your early bird lady and stick it where the Mundo China, okay? You vulgar disgusting subhuman cretin bitch It's probably it's till two at a while. Okay, and let's go to pepper pine. Hello. Yeah. I do embody okay pal Great Like an instant great. Yeah. Yeah, no no Carlos yeah, you know Then on your short couple time. Oh my god. It's that Carlos who shine this. Yeah, yeah China's because I wasn't gonna have a party at my house for his friends Everything's great Carlos you sound pretty depressed. No, I'm great Carlos must not begin any of these days at a car Doing great, huh? Good yeah So you stole the same place still live in the same house. That's correct. Yeah, yeah But it's a change of phone number everything's the same really. Okay. I was gonna call but I didn't know okay Well listen, but like next you've always I'll be looking for your call Okay, okay, okay take care of yourself Carlos. All right. You too. Bye bye. Why you sound a really depressed in me Yeah, probably have been on after that other caller. I don't think so. The one that's ripping our audience Because they're not as intellectual and brilliant as she is But it's interesting she's listening to the show isn't it every word? Yeah, hang it on every word Who the hell are you kidding honey? Thank you're fooling somebody you got that speaker up so loud you're getting vibrations that even the beatboys never got every day unbelievable Always have to attack don't they always have to attack because we're not doing what She wants we're not sitting here boring everybody terminally talking about the same old 10 Talks show topics that have been rehashed and read done over and over and over and over again till they're coming out of your ears. Okay That's it that's what she was upset about but we love you too It's 10 till 2 at W i o d a 154 you realize we're almost out of here today and it's like we just sat down I just get it I want to this is like I wish that woman would have called much earlier in the show I would have loved to have had a much length your conversation with her you know what I'm saying A one who will never listen to the show again on that because we have such a low class of people like all those young people had called on Friday They were so terrible the criminals of tomorrow That was a great bunch of callers. That's a great bunch of cars and unique and unusual. Yeah, so drop dead lady Leave us alone. Miami Beach, hello. Yeah. How are you great? I don't want sorry Had to follow a call like that lady. Well, you know, she's out there. She probably didn't have it off Metamuse on the last one more day and she's certainly about you know No, I did piece on Really yes Yes, they did Man, the piece on how he or under he goes starting from He comes in three o'clock in the morning and finishes up about seven He's got a studio in his own house Equal management questions back around yeah Well, he's not here anymore. I'm sure he's gone, but the city ain't coming back He said he was oh yeah Well when you got when you got that much money sir, I guess you know, it's not hard to look good I just saw I was mentioning it to you. I didn't hear anything. No, I didn't see it I hope that people at WNWS are because they're thinking about putting him on oh no. Oh, we sure hope so Yep, I can really kill it right there. You got it Go to the game No, no Well, have a good day. Okay, all right, well, he's not a really depressed and I sure did wow Good day Maybe that'll sure I'm off a little bit. Cheers me for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hello. Yeah Glenn yeah, hi Just a few recommendations on your show. Yeah. I think you should give the call letters two more times And we could use the time I always get lost and I never know where I am or what time it is so if you guys have given the time a little more off Okay, 155 59 Okay, okay Yeah, and the only other thing was I heard that they were going to replace Steve came with call the doctors Do you know anything about that? Oh, well, I got to get all the comedians here. That was before we get out of here. Let's go to a hell and Dale. Hello. Yeah. Yeah Yes, sir My girlfriend she's on the other line. She listens to your show every day great and now she got me started on it We're about there What did you say sir you're both airheads? Yeah, I do you are the greatest I know What are you doing with that phone boy? It sounds like you're struggling with it My cat plays with the cord a lot. Well, we don't want to get into that sir Yeah Well listen thanks a lot. Thanks a heap. Okay. Have a great day Bye bye boy. She sounded like us. I don't tickled her fancy. Oh, kid you know what I'm saying boy. What was going on there? I think the cat was doing a little more than what he said God anyway. We're almost out of time here on a Monday And we want to thank you especially that very nice lady to call her 15 20 minutes ago and it all is wonderful things to say about the audience I mean we've been here at total of six days. What the hell do you expect okay? I'm trying to ghost these people a little bit Make them get off their butts and by the way while you're thinking about it now get your checkbooks on make out a check for 10 or 20 or 50 bucks for the Camilla sauce And set a caronial Roger W-I-O-D Miami 33141 The male here is dreadful, okay? Worse than do you think that somebody it is? I know it when we never know I never know it was like tons of mail and we got no problem There were just tons of checks that would come in for Camilla sounds or when we did this so far campaign or and The data was not as good, but I mean like this is and I think this is evidence of the fact that during these hours There is a large body of brain dead people out there who need to be poked a little bit a little bit if you pardon that Express or profusely as the case may be Now tomorrow we're gonna be having the Transvestite lesbian cross dressing pigmees from Ethiopia on a show You believe that she's got transsexuals again They are so desperate. I'm telling you the day is coming when they're gonna have a show They'll have they'll have a panel Okay, and on a panel will be Donahue opera Sally Haraldo And Gary Collins Okay, it was pretty boring and we don't get them all in there and no, I'm not reaches I like it and it get all these stiffs on there and they'll have a big bra. You know somebody will say well I think your glass is suck Sally they're pretty stupid look at you look like a moron and it You'll start poking somebody in the ribs and then Harald will come out of course and start a fist fight And there'll be a couple of Nazis in the audience who come out with the cross dressing babies and it'll be on all the day It'll be unlike all day. They'll have like an all day mealy Melee mealy And that'll be if I'm telling you if they promoted ahead of time They'll get like a 90 sharps literally you notice how those things are always taped ahead of time So they have plenty of time to promo it. Oh, yeah like they can drive to Raldo Raw Which in the world down the junior affiliate stations were screaming for that show. Yeah, that show was supposed to air much later this Thinking of contrived on Steve came show the cap out right after the news Judy Wilson of JSA Just as for sexually abused children will be debating Stuart Johnston defender of deadbeat dads And we're gonna have some sexual abuse right here in the studio in the middle of the show So listen for that have a great day We'll see you again tomorrow morning from 10 to two right here on 610 W I O D