boy. This is Neil Roger. So, that is your brain. Any questions? Yeah, we got a lot of questions. You know, yesterday, to remember everybody was calling it, I got a couple of questions. Remember that question? I'm a second tired of that man. We'll ask the goddamn question, okay. Anyway, it's 10.05 at WIOD. Sound like Uncle Mike was having a real good time down there in the Bahamas. And I have a feeling that the good time is just beginning. I'm saying, I have a feeling he's going to really have a hot weekend. Anyway, we got four hours to kill here today. And then Steve has come along at the two night. You think Steve has a guest today? You know? I'm going to talk about it. I'll show you yesterday because that, I listened to a lot of it. Did you? No. Man, I am getting so ticked with these old farts, really. Something's got to be done. I mean, it's one thing to talk about it, but something has got to be done. And that Alan Becker, he's on my list now. I used to like him. I remember when he ran, what did he run for? He ran for a couple of things. It always lost. He ran for, oh, he ran against Larry Smith. Yeah. And the Democratic primary for Congress. Remember many years ago? Yeah. First time Larry ran. Wow. And, um, Bah, I'll tell you, thank God that he didn't win. Now that I look at it, in fact, I supported him then. I supported Alan Becker because I didn't know Larry too well back then. Oh, Steve's got open phones today. But it's great. So we're excited about that. But anyway, Alan is the con, one of the condo attorneys. And of course, a caller hit it right on the head. You know, these guys are ricking in the bucks. And that's what it's all about. It's not, it's not, you know, protecting the law. That's that's that's that there's so many laws that aren't enforced. And laws that should be off the books. And that one's going to be changed anyway. You know, the law about these adult only complexes. They do hear what they were doing in some of the condos because the laws going to change the spring. They were sending little forms around to everybody in the mail, telling them that when the question here comes to them. That they should put down the age of the oldest person who lives there in a condo. Because the law will require that in condos, when are over a certain percentage 80% or over 55, then they can keep young people out. So in other words, let's get the median age up to 100. And then we can keep all those horrendous young people under the age of, you know, 200 out of the building. That makes me want to puke. I'm sick and tired of that nauseated, revolted. And Henry is going on vacation. He just said for a week, and Sonny is going to Hawaii. What the hell is going on here? You think these people had been here a while or something, right? We've been here six weeks already. We're not going anywhere. All right. You know, I could do a whole show on Steve show yesterday. Yeah. But that would be wrong, right? Would it be wrong? Yeah, probably. Waste the time. No, would not be a waste of time. Any opportunity to rip the old farts is not a waste of time. Good point. Disgusting behavior. And this, you know, Steve brought up so many good points. And some of the other people did too, the idea that they can exclude young people. You can discriminate against people because of age, but not because of their race or their religion array. That's a lot of Mark. Yeah. That's making me sense. Well, here's the first trickle of mail. I remember yesterday there were like, there was like this. There was a little tiny trickle of mail. And I kept saying, OK, where's the real mail, OK? And then we got two cartons full of mail. I hope that doesn't happen again today because fat rich is not here. You may have to come in and help us open a mail. Hey, man. Is that a deal, sure? OK. Look at the yellow work picture here. So you'll be OK. Yeah, you can look at the Dina picture there. It'll make you feel like old times. Now, what is that? Is that another carton? Or is that the one at Rich Hat? What is that? What is that? You're doing it in. Oh, that's the food. Oh, they, oh, yeah, that's my chicken soup. That's in Delhi. By the way, brought the food by today. I think they're very much for that. And I was good. I looked at it downstairs. They brought stuff cabbage, which looked incredible. And all kinds of good stuff. But I'm sure Linda, a new persistent listening, and I'm fine. Went off the thing just a little bit again today. She went, bye, bye, bye, bye. We'll say go nuts, you know. So I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do it a second day in a row. As Don Johnson would say, I'm definitely not going to do that. Oh, look at this. Somebody said, I don't understand this. There's a check in. There's cash and there's all kinds of house around here. But anyway, this is just the beginning of opening up the mail, right? Yeah. All right, let's give those numbers out. Because I'm sure we've got a lot of old parts that want to call in today and talk about how terrible it is to have children around. And then we'll do an hour where they can talk about how bad it is to have blacks around. And how bad it is to have Jews around. Because whatever other group that they want to discriminate against and keep out, because they're miserable and nasty and filthy and subhuman and disgusting. And some of the colors, even some of the younger colors, yes, today turned my stomach. Well, I can see both sides. If they want to have complexes where they have only certain buildings where people are allowed to have children, that would be fine. I believe that. And then you know, I lived in the, oh, sure. I've lived in the young building. But not to have a whole complex. And they talk about how kids make noise. I told you about my mother's complex where the guy upstairs. I call him the elephant man junior. Because this guy, cops and cops and cops and every time I go over to my mother's, you sit in there, try to talk or watch TV and you hear, pop, man. It sounds like the guy is going crazy. If they're like he's dropping typewriters on a floor. I know. Like he's dropping his fax machine on the floor. Anyway, it's 10, 10 at WIOD. We'll come back in just a second. I don't want, maybe we'll do a whole show on that because I'm so agitated. Historical, apoplectic. You? Me. Well, you know that's unusual for me. It's awesome. Get yourself a boy. I hate you. And you're a 10 or 14. Who's on vacation? Tanner, yeah. I wonder if we haven't gotten this $5000 check it for Camila's house, but I'm sure it's on the way. Okay, it's 10 or 14 at WIOD. And you know, like I said, I could scream and get hysterical. It isn't going to do any good. You're right. Because those people are going to change. The one good thing is a lot of them are going to die. Hopefully, very soon. Very soon, like by the end of the show, maybe. Okay. And I'll be happy to help plant them in the ground. ground. And then we can bring some living and breathing people under the age of maybe like 98 people who aren't on the Willard Scott's weather on NBC. Those are the people who should be eligible to move to Florida. We got enough old people already, okay? So right to all your grandparents and your great grandparents tell them to stay to hell where they are. All right, don't bring them down here. Man, I can't stand it. See what a lot of people do up north. A lot of these middle-aged people, yuppies and younger people, they pack up their parents and grandparents to get in the hell out of the way. And they ship them down here. I know. Like in crates, you know, they just ship them here. And then of course the first thing they do, just like illegal aliens, they go out and they buy a big car, they go out and buy a battleship, they've never driven, they used to use the subway and a bus and taxis all their life and they come down here and they buy a battleship. See, I used to think that was a law. You talk about law. Yeah, when they come here, oh, it is a law. They, when they come here, it's got to be a continental or a Cadillac. It's got to be one of those two. Okay, we got a mobile on five here. Hello. Yeah, Uncle Nail. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. I'll be all they're doing. Great. Okay. To wrap up, horror story to tell you. It sounded like young brother. I'm, I am. Don't panic now, sir. I know you're a little nervous, but never the way. I'm in traffic right now. Friend of mine is clothing salesman and the store that he works for had nine boxes of brand new clothing. He packaged them up. I went down yesterday to pick them up, taken to Kanoa, South. Yeah. And I asked the owner of the store. You know, where's the clothing house? First pick up. Oh, well, we threw them out. Why did you, why did you, you know, why did you trash them? Well, you know, us giving that clothing to the home was just encouraging it. Oh, that's great. Yeah. That's like saying feeding starving people is like encouraging starvation. Yeah. Right. It's like that 40-year-old bag that is run for waterdale. I mean single handedly. Yeah. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's it. This lady had to be first win. I, I, I, I, I, I am so disgusted with for waterdale. I've lived here. It's enough to make your book isn't it, sir? I'm worth the you. I mean, you know, used to drive down a strip and see all those college students and young people now, they're a bunch of people on walkers on a strip and for waterdale. Well, I'm so sick of this place. It's like I'm, I'm ready to go get a high colonics. Okay. Hey, listen, that sounds like I'm making exciting weekend for you. Okay. Good. Open up a little bit of avenue for you. I mean. Okay. Well, what's up with Dr. Hang in there? Okay. Good luck to you, sir. All right. Bye. Okay. Well, what a way to start, huh? All right. Got a couple of open lines and date. People really impatient this morning. We're taking our damn sweet okay. When we're ready, we'll let you know. And would you take that picture of Alan Burke and get it off the table already? It is a full page ad in the Philadelphia bulletner, whatever that is. What is a paper? Philly, daily news. Like I said, the daily news. And he's just started there a couple of weeks ago. And he's already got a full page ad in the paper. Where's our full page? Even in like the weekly news or something. I don't see anything the weekly news. Well, that would be a start. Okay. That date number 751, WIOD, that 751, 9463, probably everybody's congregating at point east this morning. That's probably why date is a little bit slow. When he get out of point east, then it'll be okay. I thought about that. Okay. Hello. Hey there boys. It's the Bokka's Fatch. Are you doing okay? Good. I mean, what do you mean the Bokka's Fatch? That's why you told me the Congress. Okay. The Bokka's Fatch. Well, I could be anybody in Bokka's sir. The Bokka's Fatch Junior. I'm not on the real one. Okay. I got two stories for it at a TV accident. Oh, I got my whole on a second. Okay. Hold on. Now, are you really mobile here? Yeah. Okay. Look at that. Wait a minute. Oh, I just cut him off. Are you still there? Yeah. We're okay. I punched off instead of holding. I'll let's cut you off. Hold on a minute. Go ahead, sir. I'm here. Okay. Can I talk to you, no? Yeah. Yeah. I got a great idea. I know you don't do request. That's correct. And especially not today. Not after hearing that show yesterday. I can't blame you. Not after hearing that little nine year old harmless girl being, you know, they're getting rid of throw her and those people out on the street. I can't believe because there are a bunch of subhuman douchebags here. Close without saying. Oh, my, my, my idea was this, how about if we play request for those people that send $25 to the house? No. No. I think it's a great idea. Oh, I'm glad you do. We're not going to do that. We might do that one day next week. Not today. I don't mean it's not a good idea. We just aren't going to do it today. We should do it after Christmas. Okay. Because that's when people come up with a good idea. Well, since you're directing the show now, we'll, we'll do it any day. You think that's that. Whatever day you're in the mood for it. Okay. About the day after. Even if we hate it, even if we're not in the mood at all, who got millions of things we want to say, the day that you decide, that's today we'll do it. Okay. Because we're agreeable here. But 26. 26. Monday the day after Christmas. I don't know if we worked that way. But if we do, I doubt it. What do you mean we better work that I have to work that day. I'll work whenever they tell me I have to work. Not you. There's another guy's going to direct the show now. All right. Neil have a great day. It is a good idea, sir. Just don't take it personally. Okay. I wouldn't have a good day. All right. Now you're still there, right? Yeah. Okay. Hold on a second. Okay. Well, no, I got to do a break here. I want to. I don't know. Wait a minute. I want to give you something to listen. I want to give you something to expect you about. Okay. All right. Hold on. I'm telling that promise as soon as we come back. I'm like, I'm like, I'm just going to get my pants. I bet you are hold on. Okay. 20 minutes. You folks missed the really good stuff in during the breaks. They're really hot stuff. And one of these days, what we'll do is we'll just leave it on. Yeah. Well, we have a mystery on. We can have the spots playing in one channel and a really good stuff out of the other channel. Boca. Hello. That's you again. I'm sorry. It's me. Oh, you want to hold on a second. No. Just a joke. Oh, you didn't wait a minute. What do you mean your phone bill is this costing you? Oh, yeah. I caught, you know, my time is my money. Oh, I see. Excuse me. All right. Now I'm an important man. Well, don't fetch to us sir. All right. Listen. I had this television accidently other night. And I'm turning on a wise guy and Jerry Lewis is on there. Yeah. That is an accident. Anytime you see Jerry Lewis, it's a major accident. But the thing is, he's playing, you know, the rag merchant is. Yeah. Somebody who has a shop on Schmottaro and Helen did. He's playing the nutty rag merchant. And he's still in your material. Is he? Actually set on there. Uncle Mick have a nice look at the set it on the air. Did he really? Yeah. Jerry Lewis. Well, he's run out of material long time. Since Dean left him, he ran out of material. I couldn't believe the Dean went to Philadelphia. I know. I used to live in Philadelphia. And the Dean was on wise guy. One time. Yeah. You see how this fits together. I've always said that. I think like little pieces and a puzzle. They all fit together. But it's sort of like it's a long way down. You know what I mean? Yeah. It is a long way down your right. And real far. And by the way, do you have any like secret police? Like Neil Rogers secret police? Oh, yeah. They're all over town man. Right. You know, you have to hold a bunch of midwind more right now. Yes. Seriously, they're going to be checking for prints on the sweet and low. They're going to go into every condo man and I'm telling you the punishment is going to be swift and severe. Well, I think we should start like a Neil Rogers time time, a cooler selfless. Yeah. They were tearing down the Zeta force. I guess they are on I'm 95. Well, you probably haven't heard much about baby dock lately. Have you? No. We got him hidden away right over here. In fact, Henry Burrow has got him in the newsroom under wraps. Good. All right. That lamp. I'm telling you, getting this sound like Paul Jr. just a little bit. Wow. What kind of lamp is that? That was like a... A little bit of a container. Yeah. Was a sinister contrived lamp. I made the contrived lamp for the cane show, okay, sir? My grandmother listened to the cane, so yes. She was very, very upset. Why she really wants you an old fart, too? Ah, she's old, but she's a great lady, you know. Yeah. The great old fart. She's the place baseball with me. Really? And she was staying at Century Lewis. And we're listening to the cane show and she was getting very after. Yeah. How about you? Why? I mean, you said you better cop when you got home. Okay, listen. I think you ran out of material about three minutes ago. Okay. Okay. Good day. Now listen, you know, the thing of it is, you remember when I did the show was a long time ago with the couple from, was a tamarack, tamarack? Bonnie? What was their name? The wife's name was Bonnie Palmerance. Palmerance? Remember? No. Oh. What was it about? What a douche bag. I can't. I mean, the Palmerance and her husband and they were being kicked out because they had a baby. And it was in one of these complexes in Tamarack where they weren't supposed to have children. And the thing that really frosted my butt was that the people next door to them had a pet monkey. Mm-hmm. But a bottom line is the monkey was okay. Yeah. But the baby was like a threat to these people. Get it out of here. Get that thing out of here. So maybe some of those old people are into like, your relatives and stuff like that. Well, that was a long time ago. A couple of years. Well, that thing is still going on. I don't know what happened with them, but they were apoplectic. Very humane attitudes. Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. That's the one thing about the old farads man. There's so humane understanding, compassionate and kind. You'll hear them. There were some who called an unsteaf show yesterday. You should only drop dead. You bastard. I'm that she was great. I'm not exaggerating. That's what she said. Sorry. She was terrific. A real, gentile lady. We'll manage. Hello. Good morning, guys. Yes, sir. Evidently you haven't heard about the new self-floor that you've seen as a man. It's more than attitude. Yeah. What they're trying to do is get rid of all the college kids. They already did that. They're long gone. We're not all in all of these, but that's it. Well, now they're working on the college kids or the high school kids and the grades school. If you're under 18, we don't want you. That's for damn sure. Kids realize that. I mean, they get their heads with diplomas. They're not even wet and they're out of this town. They're not even wet or you mean they're diplomas, guys. Yeah. I wasn't sure I knew what you were talking about. No. No. Oh, get these old people out of coronary during the show. I'm not that one. As far as the attorney yesterday, do have one question. What is appropriate discrimination? Whatever the hell he can make money doing. Okay, supporting and defending that Allen Becker man. And he listens to the show. Allen, you're a Schmendrick. You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Allen, listen to the show. Allen Becker. Because I took because I know him. You know, I mean, from long ago, I think he was on the show. Many more people. You're sure that's back. That is correct. They doch back a mung brain. A subhuman, a heartless, cruel, cold calculating money grabbing. But other than that, he's a pretty good guy. Right. Never thought he was. He is not a bad guy, but it's just these attorneys. You know, they see those dollar signs and they see these old people. Man, just like the doctors down here. You know, it's like a game with a medicare. Yeah. And they got him coming back every other day. What do you want, Sharon? I don't know. You didn't hear the end of the show. Wow. I don't listen. Don't buy into that. Okay. He's still going to go back to his office. And he's still going to grab all the money you can for, you know, working for these condos. Don't buy into that. Don't be naive, Sharon. This pay by day. You have for Camille's office. A great idea. Is there a senior citizen discount with the plan? No. There isn't senior citizens 20% extra. Okay. Good deal. Okay. Have a great day, pal. You two guys. Bye. 1029 at WIOD. I can't believe you don't remember Bonnie Palmeran. The devil's a long time ago. I do. And her husband Rocky, who used to be the police chief on the beach. No, that's not her husband. No, that's not. It's a different Palmeran. Yes. That is a different family. I know that family. Do you? Yeah. And their daughter, uh, Vicki? Oh, Vicki. This is where she's found. But the audience is really getting into this. Anybody else? No. She works for CBS. How about her sister in law, Sadie? I think Vicki works on the Dan Rather Show. Last time I knew. I'll be damned. How about that? What the hell does that have to do with the call? I got kicked out and tried to remember it. But very, very vaguely. Foggy and vague. Yeah. Yeah. I do remember. Okay. Delray. Hello. On Neil. Yes. This is the youngest person living in Delray. Oh, in high school. Hold on. Yes. No. I'm 21. And I'm stuck in high point at Delray. You have to be like 112 to buy a condo here. Tell me, tell you if they are monitoring and listening to this call, you could be out on the street by the weekend. I think they're coming towards the house with gun. So I'm going to go in the other room and hide. But I was going there. If I could make a request, you might be interested in. I'm going to leave here around seven o'clock tonight. I was one of you could fly over high point drop the A-bomb. And that should take care of. No, no. We're just dropping a small neutron bomb that are eliminated to people and leave the building. Well, that'll do it. So that's my request for the day take care. Okay, sir. Bye. I'd like to like they work coming to get him. You notice how quick he got on real quick. Or he ran out of here like a bad out of hell. Here's a leaf-fowler report from Jupiter, which is right next to your rain as hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm becoming a chronic, but I can't do anything about it. Let's hope we need a chronic in Jupiter. Huh? I said we need a chronic in Jupiter. Well, I told you some of the salesmen. I'm not on the road all the time. I don't get to call when I'd like to. But often enough. Listen. Last night. The tower comes on and he plays this clip and it starts out. This is leaf-fowler. And then you hear the eggs crack. Oh, no. Oh, no. No, no. Wait a minute. Now he's gone too far. Can you believe it? Now the man has gone too far. There's one thing when he rips off all your other material. But when he started to do a little stick-lock and rip those off, that's too much. And then he starts that back and I can see. That was Capri-Des idea. Yeah, he's the one that done Zeta. He's the one that put all of the, he got a whole bunch of those in Spanish and English. And you cranium? I thought that was back at ING. Almost. Pretty close. Yeah, well, you know, there are some living and breathing people up here and in Palm Beach. Well, yeah, sure. Very easy for you to say. Maybe if you got a search party together, you could find 10, okay? Well, I don't think so. But, they don't worry, yeah. Keep it up. I mean, yeah, keep it up, yeah. Easy for you to say, pal. Okay, have a good one. Okay. So to speak, boy, all these people, they're a little cute double on none this morning. You know, I'm talking about getting ready for an exciting weekend. Boy, they're dreaming. We got to call an online open rather in Palm Beach 655 WI-E. We call on that line and Lee is calling next week. Oh, I thought he should defend it. So now he needs the whole weekend to create some more BS so that he has a real good thing for it. And not only that, Steve's not in the building. Have you noticed this in Cestuous relationship that we can only speak to Lee when Steve is the, Yes, exactly. Middleman. The middle, well, they have a word for that. When Steve acts as the intermediary. Uh-huh. Okay, we got a Tom Jika and Christmas card report from Boka. Hello. Okay, first that Christmas card thing you ready yesterday about that kid with the Gittis book of world records. Yeah. It's a hoax story from the Associated Press Thursday saying that it's a hoax. It started out with someone in England and it just got out of control and there's no substance to it. Really? I'll send in the article if you want to see it. Okay, well, I won't read it again. Okay. But it did sound, it was a real heart-wending thing, you know? Well, that's the point. And the other thing is Jika's got a job. I know that. Oh, okay. That's it. The board of all news, right? That's right. It'll start with you. Right. Bill Kelly is leaving, which we told this on a year at least two weeks ago. Sorry. No, no, that's okay. See, it kind of cancels out. You had one, you know, then you contribute and the other one is terminal. So it evens out. Okay. Like a big zero, you know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. So you've gotten all this money from millions out from all these celebrities. Have you gotten anything from Russia, Wacestershire? Not yet, but we're waiting. I'm sure Russia's going to come up with a big one. I thought he would send in $2,000. Doors. Yeah, that's a good idea. Who don't cock, too? Five thousand dollars. That's it. That's it. Excellent thinking, Bill. Thank you. Okay. How do you do? You too. And then be great. And then we'll scream about it too. If Russia or Don Cox will send in a check for the commilisans, we will not only announce it on the year, we'll scream it. We have to scream. Yeah. And we'll use that Western Pennsylvania door. I'm not a dollar. I'll do it. Trust me. Anyway, I'm done usual for me to scream on a show, but... But... Yeah, we can make an exception. Maybe just a little practice, actually. Okay. Okay. All right. 1034. Henry Barrow is going on vacation next week. We hope Henry has a wonderful time, but not too good. Because we have to be here. And he's got a little news update and we'll come back on 610 WIO Day. Good day. All right, you. Thank you very much. As here is the king. I don't have a middle round much for a while. But I want y'all to know what I'm here to rock and roll in. I don't think it over here. But it's Christmas. And I have to give y'all a special Christmas message. I'm going to say to your priest. Right, uh... How about a little piece of that to hide going by? Thank you. I don't want to. I want to go to the shrine. Christmas is a time of food. Time of joy. The time for living. And I sure would love it. Six slides that feature you got there. I can't. What will I? More or less. Oh yeah, Christmas. Christmas to me means family. If family means friends. The friends means getting together. And getting together means. Eight. Five past few that come to take. Which place? Well, I like it. I can remember. Nothing will say to you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't nobody so big. You can't reach out to help in the hand. I help in a hand. Or would you hand me a helping of those mashed potatoes over there? Which place? What? Meg, I'm on. Now like I was playing with. I know about it from baggy can't. It's too tough to help a friend of me to eat over the holiday season. I was thinking of season. You want to pass me that self-sugar when you get a chance? I can. Yeah, just. Just don't screw the color. That's right. I don't want. So this Christmas. I don't know if y'all take a tear from old. Hey, I was. Now, I don't leave those steak-tap fried-water. You know what I mean? You know, I appreciate it. I want you to remember. Well, power to God's great big family. And you know God made man and do his own image. Look in the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big, big symbol. You know what I mean? I'd like you to. But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing. And y'all, as homeers, Christmas, spring and that popcorn up on the tree. You save up big, big bow for the king. Extra butter. No, I mean. I'd like you to hear. I'd like you. I'd like to learn more. That's OK. On this 1040, 20-11 at WIOD, we have a wonderful call from South Beach on one. Hello. Yes, hi. Hey, brother, bird. I'd like to hear your laughing. And the doctor told me I was in the hospital, vegetable hospital. And they cut off the wrong legs, eh. And they told me to wait and not to worry about to live. It's a laugh. Yeah, that's pretty funny. They said, uh, that's right. They could have been worse. They could have cut off something else, OK. They could have been better than a two-gay. They really, yeah. And it's a good work for a laugh. And so I'm seeing a laugh man. That's the other way. And Neil, I enjoy those schools from the things you have. Well, that's great. I have my little tape recorder right here every time you're at a play one. Yeah. OK. Get that team with Ron. Thank you, man. OK. Well, Dr. Vot is going to straighten you out. Palo, OK. You have a go. There he goes, man. Wow. Cut off the wrong leg. Good. No big deal. He laughed. Hey, little mistake. Anyway, we have an open line in Palm Beach 655. WIOD. Don't get me started on doctors, OK? Yeah. The lawyers are bad, but at least most of the time they don't kill you. Most of the time. Most of the time. But doctors, that's another story. I mean, most of them. I would say about 80% of doctors haven't got any idea. I mean, any idea. What the hell is going on? No. All they know is that they've got a revolving door. They keep sticking their head out to make sure that there's somebody in every one of those little cubicles. And that's basically what it's all about. And they make sure you give them a check. And they write a lot of those prescriptions, man. Because those detailed men come in. I mean, now they got detailed women. Have you noticed that? They're women. Oh, yeah. A attractive young ladies who come in and petal those pills. And of course, they have some extra things to offer the doctor, I guess, right? Yes. Yes. Some extra little goodies on the side to make sure that they write lots and lots of those prescriptions. For good things like felting. Miami. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Just a little to no two quick things. First, I have my contribution to Camila's house in the mail. Thank you. The other thing I wanted to tell you is a true story. I beat the horses for a few dollars in the side of the celebrated my favorite watering column. I walked in. And the report, guys, at the end of the bar, there was this one blue hair sitting in just a couple of stools down from where I was going to sit. And she walked out of place in the joint. But I, like I said, I've won a few dollars in the called bar. The bar turned to a bracelet very gives everybody in the place a drink on me. Have one yourself. And do me a favor. Even give this little do-he-bag your drinks. The very comfortable bird. He says, Bill, Bill, please. He says, you know, I'm in the old rider's friend too, but you can't say that in here. This is ladies and gentlemen. I said, all right, give this old lady a drink. So Barry said, okay, man, this fellow wants to buy a drink. What would you like? She said, vinegar and water. Yeah. You were right. True story. Yeah. She probably was Alan Massey Gales grandmother. Probably. Okay, sir. Thank you. Incredible. As we follow, we said, don't keep stealing these lines. You know, that lead follower. We got another follower report on seven. Hello. Hi. Guess who he went on yesterday as a guest. How many guesses do we get now? Is it somebody that Steve had on the last two weeks? Yeah. It wasn't an 18th space queen again. Was it? No. Wait, no, wait a minute. Don't tell who? Mr. X. The conservative Mr. X. Oh, no. Yeah, put the microphone down on the table. I am going to blow my brains out on the air today at high noon. Oh, this time you got to be kidding me. No, and you know what they were talking about? Now we know why Mr. X is the way he is. He rides a motorcycle without a helmet. Yeah. That's what they were talking about. And can't you come at the same time? That's it. But I thought you loved and know that. See, you do understand that Mr. X and Lee Fowler are part of this male bondage team. That would, would, would Steve. You do understand that. Don't you want to hang out together and everything's like they're all glued together at the hip. Wow. And yeah, I'm serious. Of course, I don't know what they do beside that, but boy, there's something really bizarre going on there. That will make the old turkey. Mr. X, you know, isn't this incredible talk about these chronic guests? The only thing worse than a chronic caller, because you can hang up on a chronic caller is a chronic guest. The people who are compulsive who just have to get that fixed. They're like bad Mexican food. They just keep coming back. That's correct. Can I ask you to confirm a rumor for me? I understand that Alex of course is going to Europe on vacation. I don't know anything about Christmas. I understand that what he took his dog into the house. Oh, no, sir. He kind. I am. I'm trying. No, you're going to say something terrible. I just have a feeling and a bit of my stomach. And I will get emotional again and a mother will call him on a phone and tears. Don't do it, sir. Please. There's him right, huh? With him. He was taking his dog into the kennel yesterday to drop it off. And he was walking in behind a man with a litter of dobermans to have their ears trimmed. I understand they grabbed out and took him in there. Is that true? To have his ears trimmed? You've seen those suckers. Now he don't have, he's got fairly large ears, but not like Dumball. Well, I heard the Disney's after him for the next movie. Oh, your cruel sir. Your nasty and cruel. But it's kind of me. And his mother is in tears now as we speak. Well, I'm sorry. I'm a bad person. You know, really are, but at least you admit it. That's good. That's a good start. That's excellent beginning for therapy from me. I'm going to go with myself right now. Okay. Goodbye. Did he say he's going to go with himself? I can't. He's the high priest of Disney movies. Bistop. Oh, I'm behind this little TV news. He's anchored with a world. Oh, oh. Oh. The stupid days. That him always brings victory. But I'll return to the world. It's mostly an incredible world. Oh. Oh. No. No. No. I do well, I love it. It's below the test. Oh. I need to know. And draw a mobile world. Feel the fire like this. I don't want to be a single one. Oh. And draw a mobile world. I do well with this below the test. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. From the tunnel, I guess at the queue and hey, where's that going? What's he doing with that machine gun? Oh my god. Who's there? He was fed up with reading one story after another about drugs and violence. Now, she watched a right to roll and rewrite the news in a whole starring and vicious. So, she'll be pleased. I'll see you tonight at five six hundred and a lot of things. Go. And fall. She took the news into her own hands. What are you guys going to do with me when I get through with you? There won't be enough of you left to make a good suit. Hey, her done, no. And starring and vicious, also starring Carl Weather's is toy Flutterdale. And done, not, and done, no. There's a stationary plot over the bed. And fall. He's ready for the news. And fall. Coming soon. Okay, I had to play those two back to back because it just fits so well, right? That is in another follower report we did that. Okay, boy, panic. Thank God. Because I think we could have his whole audience called him by the end of the show. We've already had two or three. And we get another three or four calls. That could be it. Okay, Lee. It's just a joke, Lee. And what I'm saying is Lee is a what's his name would say. How soon they for you? J. My Michael's would say. Just a joke. And every time he said it, he was talking about that show. How come we haven't heard from Dr. Vats. Yeah, boy, that'll make my week if because it is Friday. That was the real Dr. Vats Junior. That was the real Dr. Vats Junior. That was the Junior. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning, now. Yes, sir. And good morning, you do. But to you too, but. Okay. Wonderful now. I was kind of like an afterthought. I know. I like the. I'm first time caught by the wind. You're great. And I started listening to show. That in 40 cents will get your real watery cup of coffee. Well, back to the start with your shot. And then on my clock radio, my library to the A. I'm often the engine to the bright dots sometimes. It's here. And it's going off and down to your shed. Like me, I've been a little bit late at night. And if I need to be very intelligent and quick, but I can't say to say to say to them, I'm going to say to them, but the month is like a water and but water and down. Drop the version of that McMahon. But any point, I was wondering. You hang up on this guy. No, no, no, no. I said, no, no. I said, no, no. I said, no, no, no. You hang up on. The only thing he's trying to be creative. Come on. He didn't just say you were a jerk or something. He's creative. He's getting testy. He's getting hostile. He's slow. I don't think he's going to be like, like, not our mer sometimes. Well, that is true. He's not all here. Sometimes he's fantasizing about being someplace else. I think they can do what if this moment, like any place. But like any place. But I want it out to you. So about it. I'm going to talk all over you. Go ahead. It seems to me that the body is the bug you. It's not like the radio stuff set. And more time, not any other's radio stuff. That's right. That's what the audience wants. We have a bunch of satis here. So this is a big SNM town. I think you're here. You deserve your costume. Your costume is really good. Yeah. I think you can't go with giving them a... Well, let me say this to you. Sir, I hope your second call is a lot more constructive and better than this one. Okay? This is first call ever. He's ripping you and he's critiquing me. We don't need any more program direct. Sir, we've already got one and he's brain dead. What I want to say to you, sir, Neil, would have to dump. Really? That hot fool. That hot fool. That's so unnecessary. I don't know. Wait a minute. It's okay. I have an open line in Boga at 278-9463. That's 278 Wild. And we'll come back. Right, Michael. Right, Michael. This is the real bad good top at men. Ladies and gentlemen, we have, in our hands right now something so shocking. What a day. Does this incredible? Now this is going to make up. Well, wait a minute. Let's talk to Dr. Faz. It is Dr. Faz. Faz going on. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the man who singlehandedly destroyed the Jay Michael show. Although we didn't need a lot of help, but this man put him right over the top. There's men at the Jay Michael and we going. Okay, good call. Now listen. Listen, we have, and I want to thank Stephen in Miami, who evidently has the original. So we can make all the copies we want. Okay. We have. This is, you talk about male coming in this place. We will send to you as our very own Christmas gift. It's probably going to be late because it's already the 16th year. Yeah. But all you got to do is send us, will even let them spring for the envelopes here. Okay. They got more money than God in this damn place. Just send us a request to postcard or letter. And we will send you as a holiday gift from WIOD. You're very own, boon in the box. Look at this. Is this incredible or one? Talk about the oldies. Now this is a picture of a young Pat boon. This is what it was in college. The College of Musical Knowledge is something like that. And he has a cardboard, small cardboard box. Which he is sticking. Well, you'll have to see it for your show. Yeah. Unbelievable. This is from Hustler Magazine. Okay. So it's kosher. Anybody who wants it certainly is entitled to it because it's already it's out there. Is this incredible? I never thought we would see the old boon in the box again. No, I will suggest to you. Those of you who don't have real good vision. Probably need one of those magnifying things you buy in the drugstore. You know, one of those reading, you know what I'm talking about. The Mel Palomar Tell us. Yeah. The Mel Palomar Tell us Go Junior. Yeah. You'll have to have to see exactly what it is. I mean, what you see, I guess is what you get. It will make you feel like you're fully get or something like that. I don't know what you said. It'll give you a chuckle for the holidays. Okay. So just send all your requests. This is serious now. This is going to be, you will set you free. And when you look at this and you think of Pat, you know, on TV doing his pseudo religious Goody two shoes, all of that other crap, you know, I am not a thief or whatever. I'll make you really think. It'll make you ponder the situation as Casey would say. It'll be so ponderous that you'll just fall on the floor and laughter. You'll think of Debbie too. Debbie Boone. Yeah. You light up my life. She'll be singing as you look at the old boon in the box. And the expression on his faces, what always got me. Look at that as if, oh look what I found. You know, it's not much, but it's the best I can do. Holy Toledo Pat. So anyway, what is it? If you'd like one, just send us your name and address on a card or in a letter and set it to Boone in the box. And we won't even ask, I could do another Camilla sourcing on us, but this is too important. Okay. Because we want people even Schlepper who can't afford to send a nation to have these two. For their own personal collection, this could be worth a lot of dose someday. And just send two Boone in the box, Carineal Rogers WIOD Miami 3 3 1 4 1. Have you guys ever seen this before? Trust me, it's from in the box. Actually give you one. If Nick will make the effort, he's not going to get up out of the chair. You've got to see this. Trust me. It's worth getting that. He's not going to get up. Okay. He's afraid to look. Ha ha ha. Believe me, it's nothing you haven't seen before. Okay. Nothing to be afraid of. It's pretty hysterical. Anyway, that's Boone in the box, Carineal Rogers WIOD Miami 3 3 1 4 1. Another reason I'm happy to do this is I want to have so much mail coming in here that they get her Hearny out and just having the lift box is. Yeah, we got out to the Dean. This is a great call. Here's somebody who's an April worth of Mlips fan. Yeah, remember a couple weeks ago you guys were talking about USA today and they had, I guess they had some Contest to pick the best lips. Yeah, that's right. I had the luxury of seeing April were them once and I think she has the most luscious look. Oh, you mean Hot Lips were them, yeah. Yeah, her voice just gets, I think every man in South Florida going in her lips. Yeah, really. I think she should have been number one in the USA today list. It's pretty obvious, doesn't take much for you, pal, right? Well, yeah, I mean you've seen Eric, you tell the people she's gorgeous. She really is a very attractive, super wonderful lady. Yeah, she's got that voice. She should be on some of those phone lines, they'll fan it to the line. Okay, well, listen, we're having an early Ross over to your house right now to fill in. Okay, no, no, we don't want to. We've seen our lean. Oh, okay. Like I said, if you find Mount Rushmore in your living room, you'll understand. I have a duck one thing. That was cute. That was excellent. Okay, we have an open line in Broward where we just hung up in date. I'm sorry, 7519463, 751 WIOD. Don't forget now, boom to the box, WIOD. Miami 33141. It'll be one of the most astonishing shocking, I guess, is what we're looking for. Okay, Hot Lips, Barrow is standing by with the 11 o'clock news and we'll come back with our number two, at 1105. We're 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We're 655 and 278 WIOD. We want to thank our friends at Rick's Essendelli for the Montibals Soup and the stuff cabin to which you are eating and I'm looking at but I'm not touching. What else is in there? I think we're doing a lot of people. I got a favorite ask. I'm a little more tankling than we might. I'm a little more tankling than we might. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. What do you want? I don't have it here. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not a tankling. I'm not all a tankling. Sports dog. I think Hank is on a night if my memory is correct. Yeah, I think so and of course The dolphins are gonna wrap out an incredible season with another big win this weekend It's not the last game is it? Yeah, is it real for them? Boy not for everybody but for us trust me if you wait long enough to really plan this weekend Piper high Well good luck to them and they're two point under dogs Well, that's a lot. You get a Piper high, you know CBS really It's nice. You know, we talked about it yesterday briefly. It didn't it's not a big thing It is by the way those kids at KPX. They have terminals. It's yes, they do just like you see that Yes, I did just say always a simply faced little kids who want to get into broadcasting Okay, forget it. Don't you understand I've been telling you for a long time go do an honest job somewhere Go get into some field of endeavor where you don't have to become Totally frustrated and dehumanized and tortured and Why not out on the street with no job for two three years at a time forget it? This is this is the worst yeah, in fact go rent one of those little subret hotdog cards Okay much better business much more profitable and you can be your own boss Okay, and if you have a nasty customer you pull out one of the hotdogs and say stick it Mm-hmm, where the moon don't shine. Okay, but not this But anyway, they got those pimply faced kids over at KPX and I was gonna start to disagree with CBS because Channel six up by me there in plantation you can't it comes in so bad even on a cable It's a joke. It's got all these specs and lines and dots and popping and puking It's horrendous. I keep telling you you are gonna watch CBS from Palm Beach and so the bottom line I'm trying to make is that here. They're trying to jump all over KPX There have been no complaints from anybody to the FCC that it's interfering with channel six Is signal, but now they try to get them off the air, but as I think about it, you know It's it sinks in if they don't give it to some of those pimply face kids I'm gonna join CBS and do everything I can I didn't you hear in the story just a joke by the way that CBS made an offer to pipe or a compromise or It turned it down that would have happened They were gonna send them a couple of cases of acne stat and that's not gonna do I thought it was a great idea See acne stat and you know who used to pedal that you remember the scandal about that? No, it was pat and his daughter Debbie Yikes it was and the bottom line was they never had a pimple even on their butt That's right whole family has got skin like a baby and Judging other things like a baby from the balloon in the box picture, but And so they made him stop it because they were giving phony Indoorse right I remember that now that was years ago What you got a memory yeah that boony would come on and say hey just rub a little bit of this in it And of course we don't know what he was where But let's get serious pat okay give it a rest pay phone in Miami hello Nice yeah on a pay phone they hung up That's a real jackass, you know, it's somebody who'd call from a hello hello like I said Are you on a pay phone? Yeah, well, how come you're not speaking? What are you doing? I was arguing with this blue here. Oh, okay. What do you use the phone? Tell her to drop dead. Drop dead. Okay. Oh Okay I'm Cornel. Yeah, you're not on a pay phone. I am Where at the mall it must be the diplomat mall man because it is so quiet you could hear a pin drop You can hear that lady's key drop right on the floor You're a glass of polo that and be nice. William. How old are you? I'm 14 14 what happened to school Cotton cotton your cotton, huh? Yeah, yeah, okay. What do you want? I Just wanted to tell you Hi, oh, okay. Hi, I was talking to you Twenty-eight past eleven at W. I OD now that was good. He was great, but he told you all lady to drop dead. Boy nice. I mean you didn't mean it literally did he? Figurator, he meant it like take a walk get out of my life get lost Oh, there knows those condo people, but I'm telling you it's it's when they built see it's the developers who have destroyed this state Mm-hmm the developers because they've catered to that. It's like they've built this creeping Geographic outdoor funeral parlor and now we're all suffering from these greedy developers Who just wanted to jam all these old people, you know in God's waiting room and Now the rest of us pay for it Big time Maybe we ought to go after the developers and bring them in here have them explain why don't they build a lot of nice housing for You know middle age people and young couples and people with children and pets and life in their house Well, maybe we ought to make them answer it. Maybe Sharon's listening in the other room. She can book about ten shows for Steve About the developers who have created this and when they built the first condos on Miami Beach that was the Kisada The Kis of death But I don't want to get too modern because for a lot of Dale is gonna be next. We have an open line in date 751 W-I-O-D will go to Pompano. Hello. I uncle. They all are you doing today? Okay? How you doing noodles? I got a heart story ultimate heart story. Don't call me new to you. Nice really up. That's a shot sir. Yes, it is By the way, I was I'm in the service industry and I was doing some work down in the Kalingdale apartment There's a condos two days ago and There's only 80 in her decrepit old husband were there and he was gonna go golfing and she has a little tennis outfit on Like you see in the movie Chris Edward what not all them were and he goes golfing and she goes into the bathroom And I'm going word All Chris ever I thought maybe there was another one of those tennis players sex changes is something like that. You know how that works But anyway He got in the bathroom. She come out and I was doing what I had to do and she's standing there in front of me And I'm taking my steps to her my ladder and I'm checking out her air conditioner unit You're checking out her unit? It's checking out it believe me. Well, what she showed me? You better than that is in moon units sir, but a big moon Okay, she's walking on and she sees a piece of string on the floor and I'm walking right behind her What she do but bend over at the knees to pick it up and there it's just like Perry from hearing the herons and look at me there and she's got nothing on and she's about 80 years old You guys got your lunch yet It was absolutely horrible. She turned around and she went Oh my god, I'm honest to God it was right in the face there That I couldn't believe I dropped my ladder imagine if Michelle Gillon and Walter Cronis would have been there It would have been winking blinking and not Now thumbs would have been not no way she was looking yeah, I believe that that is a shocking stretch That is our Reverse of it the worst one was I had to go into her She's got her air conditioner unit and she has their events going into her closet So her clothes don't get hot evidently, but they were hot, but anyway I'm in there. She's going with this man is talking about and she squeezes in there behind me She squeezes what to herself into the closet by its room She's got a shoe closet close. There's not room for one person there. She squeezes in behind me This is our stunt top of the ladder. I am and I turn around and there she is looking She's got the skirt up to her waist tucked into the top of her other outfit This is about as gross as I couldn't believe it. I just I just turned around and I was always He was one of Steve's cracks watchers. Did you ever think about that? Very possible because you listen to your station all the time Yeah, there you go. Steve is planning these ideas behind these old ladies in the condos and other going nutsman They can't control themselves anymore, but I came on you Steve I turned around. I walked out the door and I left all the tools there and I went back to the company and told them what happened I refused to go back and they find it and some be all back to get them But it was the most unbelievable sight you've never wanted to send somebody back to retrieve your tool Exactly, that was buried. Okay. Well, listen good luck to you, sir And I hope something better comes up for you. Yeah I really do he can join you guys in the midday. Okay, and midday to you, too It's 11.32. Oh, you know what we forgot to play. Oh, oh, what is this? Friday Americans How about under age does that work anymore? How come you got under G What the hell did you do with it? Yeah, right how about P For Paul There's Paul Harvey. Is that the one I know? Roger Start messing around with our stuff again. Oh Park problems Boy No Gosh, no, no, Paul Harvey boy. This is pretty shocking, you know it in that and there's anchor with a whip Now you know they don't play that on Ren or you know that beyond the shadow of a doubt right? That could enough be there one more. Okay one more. It's in green. I mean it's in green There is thing for Friday Violence the man Really sucked you have a problem with it. Yeah Boy, oh boy silly me I should have been looking under F good morning Americans It's Friday. Yeah, all of that effort for that. Okay. It was worth it and more. Okay. We got a call in Boca. Hello Yeah, yeah What's going on? Well if you heard the last call, sir, that should give you a pretty good tip off Oh Listen, I was watching television the other night late at night wait a minute. Are you gonna eat more now? Are you eating more if Linda is listening a new to her system not only because I got a note She's proud of me for not cheating not only am I not cheating, but I'm being subjected to torture This bird is going bananas here go ahead, sir. I'm sorry I was watching television late at night. Yeah, and I saw one of those millions of improv shows. Yeah, and I turned in on the last few minutes and Johnny dark was on stage. No, no Oh wait a hold on sir, can you hold on? Oh, because we got to do the break in April gets really Silly she goes nuts if we do the have a wait and for one of these He's a little hard to mail. This is the first carton probably they just came in. Yeah Look at that I hope he might oh yeah, you saw the boon in the box all right It's 1135 April has a news update and will come right back with our exciting Boca caller on six 10 W i o d Friday 22 till noon are you still there? Thank God, many must have an exciting life Carably That's worth a sacrifice in it be honest with me Especially when you live in this town Enough of else to do besides call is sure So I was watching television later night away if it sounds like I'm ignoring you we're opening the mail We got a ton of mail so don't feel hurt or wounded don't be skin skin I'll try not to I was rocking television about raster's day night and it was like 1130 night or so and the improv was on as usual So I just turned in in the last minute or two and the guy The announcer for the show came on stage and said thank you ladies gentlemen that was Johnny dark What do we here's another here's another this is from coconut creek and it's another $20 check with no tape It's got a stamp self at our staff alone and no tape But I'm not gonna throw it out like somebody I know would do I'm gonna try to do my best So anyway Johnny dark you mean we went through all of this just to hear Johnny dark He called him John's house or something right see these guys in a business who are out of work They feel if he keep mentioning their name a lot that somebody will hear it Here's another one here's another check with an envelope and no tape These people out of leave let me say it again very clearly okay when you send in your $20 check and you want one of these cassettes You have to send us a blank 90 minute cassette have I I guess I failed to say that more than 7800 times It's my grass man you talk about some slow people But that's okay. Well, I'll go out and buy some tape. They can't get it right I only donated a grain so I'll go out and buy some tapes Yeah, go ahead sir Me, you're not finished. No, I think you're finished before you started with this call Be chronic what head I was listening to the radio the other day and I heard that's cubby boots who's appearing somewhere in Florida Is it a tomorrow yet tomorrow on the early sochenshow It's gonna be live from the brick oven pits a rear Another one here's another envelope with a check and a stamp self at a rest envelope for these people out of their cotton picking minds I think the bird is right. I think I'm gonna throw those away Because it just really is mad. I know they will figure they can get away with this because you know Neal being softhearted and a straw that's right. We'll go out and I've been through this one People you know what I've been through all this people before I know people might end up Be the first one to call while I didn't get my tape I think you would funny bat on a check and I think it might damn tape. What's wrong with you people every Or maybe if you'd send us a tape you might get a tape you idiots They'll never admit it. Chase I'm getting emotional sir man. You've been on a long time and had to say the damn thing You know Thank God You've been on like a lifetime You've been on through the news you've been on through two more years I get the feeling you're the only person I've talked to the whole show so far I used to call you when you're on Zeta. Yeah, what did you call me sir? And I keep kept asking you to make an appearance at Palm Beach meeting dollars. Oh, this guy. Yeah, we are chronic. You're right And I told you no then and I will tell you no again now, sir. Okay Come on you when I get my $1,000 check from Lee Fowler for Camilla sounds then I will make my appearance at Palm Beach Junior College. Okay. How's that okay? It's a follow-up. You've been the challenge, okay? Tom and you're rid of those boring guests that Steve had on two weeks ago and you know do something Instructive for once in his life. I don't know if we make it right. I got his resume right in my abreaf case here And if he doesn't come through man, he's in big trouble. What if we make a donation to Camilla? For what? For you don't care. Oh, I can tell you when Lee Fowler gives his $1,000 check that's when I'll come up to Palm Beach Okay, Neil. Okay. Good luck, you sir. Is that it? Because I don't want to cut you short now You've only been out about half an hour. All right, I can have a great life. Bye. Bye. What is the mic Disney doing there looking food in the box? Always got a food in the box. Yeah, just think of the Lord and the Bible when you look at that pet of course pedaling religion acne cream anything you can. Oh, go away there. A couple of hundred dollar checks. These are good checks today by the way. 50s and 25s Or I could have a good time at Palm Beach with this No, I've been plunging my good well, I'm not really plunging a lot because I'm just a real small time gambling now But I haven't been doing well at Palm Beach. I go up there a lot now now that Alan kissed and made up you know for the 80s time And I think I'm keeping them open as a matter of fact really big matron steak tomorrow night big race $150,000 per sit. Pumpino tomorrow night. I just thought I'd mention that so well and doesn't get upset Here's the two checks and one thing here now. They don't want to tape do they now? What are we gonna do seriously about these people adjust and the envelopes? I don't know. Oh, here's a nice letter Oh, isn't this interesting? This is from the lady who called the other day from the good shepherd Lutheran church And she closes by saying there's some other stuff in here that I can't refer to But she closes by saying we love you here at the church Hmm. Oh, this is an excellent letter in fact Yeah, yeah, so anyway, let's save that over there 1-40 1-43 boys that wishful thinking or why It's almost time to go home. Oh, God See when you start opening the mail a whole damn thing flies by doesn't it 1143 a wild in our next call is In Hailea hello hi, New York's Chuckie chronic chronic big time Chuckie. Yeah, we're getting really a little carried away pal chronic I'm all by my loan sum in this office man, and it gets like powder so what the hell is that have to do? I can't you know be responsible for your problem call up Dr. Vots Call up Michael the system 3-3-1-4-1 I go to fast for your chuckie. No, that's just plain wild Just play a put that on the envelope just plain wild Okay, hey Neil because the postman here in North Bay village if you put just any old wild That probably delivered to w snooze probably wld Yeah, I know in them. I wait a minute. There's something really strange you'll hear some old unbelievable an old unbelievable Zeta but uh Isn't that great boy, but where's your check rose? I don't see it here And another envelope. Oh, this has got to be a mistake. Oh, but there's a tape. Oh, good now Chuckie We're not gonna hear from you on Monday. Are we? No good. Why's that? Oh, grail. Oh, yeah, good time and stay there for a long time. Now look at this here's Amy an eight-year-old girl Was there a tape in there? Oh, there is a tape and a check and an eight-year-old Amy please send me the funny tape In green crayon Wait a minute. Is this Chuckie or is this up Chuckie? I just seen lunch Neil. What up? What it is? Gusting a vulgar pig. I can't believe it. Well, I learned it from you Neil. Okay. Well, listen have a great day Chuckie Bye And day now at the 751 WIW Those Palm Beach lines are dead of them. They prefer we old doornale This is getting we need fat rich here every day. We really do he can't Seriously he doesn't have time to be mucking around with his business and making a live I'm telling you the truth. I can't we just don't have time to screw around with the all that other stuff in his life He took it upon himself to be responsible for all of this didn't he? That's how I remember it And if he's gonna do it you got to do it right 278 WIOD and Boka and 655 WIOD and Palm Beach just in case there's anybody alive up there And our next call is in plantation. Hello Hey, you doing the old with Jerry? Yeah, how Jerry? Do we? Jerry? Yes, yes. Okay, Jerry I'm preamble to a rabbinical student Cratch watching up there. Yeah, I got a pop in a story for you I was there for a maclop bell. Yeah, couple weeks ago. What was happening? Was two ten across the board So they're doing this big shabang After the race they bring out this huge cake and cut in the cake they have about 75 gray hairs out there and a couple of blues And they're safe. I finally hit a triple first time ever hit a triple in my life not in that race and up Yeah, but it picked you know as I said what a pay five bucks Jumping up the down. I'm gonna or at least I broke through I'm finally there So they move everybody out to the to the middle of the track right front of the board and all of a sudden I see the third horse Thoughts let's And like dying because I'm seeing as red light going off and I'm going on. I don't believe this and I'm trying to stand on people shoulders But look and they brought my horse down They probably broke it the wire red left on break Oh man, it was bad news fire you I'd stay away and I'm saying anybody that's got that because you know what to try probably paid in our race about 20 bucks If I was luck or less Definitely so I'm heading up to Newark today also Now you got to be you got to be pulling my leg, okay now I'm going up to See a girlfriend of mine up there in Newark it well in in the York area, but we're going through a newer Gapor I hear it reason up there All right, right Johnny dark story She When let's see when I'm the first started off over when he came back from Cleveland on AM up in New York He supposedly won a night out with I'm a foot with whatever yeah By the way, it is 500 bucks in this little bench right here, so we're really we're going nuts here today Go ahead. I'm sorry. Okay. I keep interrupting the colors, but that's because most of them are so terminal Okay, not you sir. Not yet. Not yet. Okay, I'm working on it. I am so She goes over to meet I'm is for her dial a day to whatever it was whatever they called at that point And who shows up but not Johnny dark So she is actually a Johnny dark data if you will What does it deal with you in plantation and channel six because I live in plantations and this channel six is Okay, I could I can't believe cable down here interesting segue. Oh, yeah Disagglance. Okay. Well, listen have a wonderful live. I have no idea what you just said, but it really did a great job Okay, thank you A date county hello Hi, New York. This is the radius the church. Yes, yes, I know Senator did you mention my letter on the air I want mention any names. No, we can't discuss any of the personalities involved right I wouldn't do that But um What legal action to be taken against harassment? Well, probably a call to the phone company Maybe we call to the police both of those will be a real good idea Yeah, maybe I'll start with my attorney the church is attorney. Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to know It's a free country and if you enjoy the show and you want to listen to it you shouldn't be harassed for Relistening this is true and especially when the threat is that the past of the church will be punished and you know We want to know you know who your boss is in that kind of stuff. Yeah. Yeah, this is getting a little silly Okay, well, I'd make a couple of calls Yeah, okay. Well, thank you. Okay. You have a good weekend You do under the circumstances. I mean this is really strange. I think I'll stop playing for the channel Okay, bye. Bye It's 11 till noon at WIOD. It's a really strange world isn't it? And we have an open line in Broward 524 WIOD and one in date 751 9463 751 WIOD will come right back Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD It's 1152 eight minutes till noon at WIOD and Steve with open phones a afternoon Hank on sports talk tonight And I think we got the cane's basketball tonight, don't we? It's Miami and where they plan? They're playing Piper High also Okay, let's go to a mobile in on that's gone. Mobile is gone Excuse me, can you choke up from this horrendous stogi that Allen gave me at the track? Portsane Lucy. Hello. Hello Neil. Yeah. How you doing? Okay? Listen, I know you don't probably want to get too many calls from port Saint Lucy That while once in a while Once in a while you leave the art living and breathing up here incredible But we do have our share of you know do you have to have to have you know But I just want to say that you and the bird are doing a great job and if I make all one guy a Rowe White douche bag absolutely Jack Kerman who does the sports for radio station up here doesn't know as asked from third day When it comes to sports and he's a douche bag, okay? Well, I'll tell you one thing if you check out third base up there in the stadium Westpaw you're gonna be shocked All right, well, I have a good day. No, and you two birds. Okay, thanks a lot 1153 and our next cool we do get some calls from port Saint William. Yeah, yeah, I'm again sure Every once in a while and with some from a jensen beach and I also have been event what's that? Nile Rogers. Yeah, and I he We don't give him points for spelling. Okay. They can't all be but looking ducks like the home beach. Hello Oh, how you doing great. This is John. Okay, John, whatever you say. How's Luke and Paul doing John? Pretty good. This isn't Jewish John is it? No, I don't know. I don't know. Palm Beach that works in deer field You know, chronic John. Oh, yeah, oh chronic John. Why didn't you just say chronic John then we would have known You know, did you listen to the show yesterday to I talked about it before if you had been listening well, you see I'm in the office right now We don't give you any permission slip not to be listening. Okay. It's me. It's my car It's me hysterical when I hear these condo commando's man. It's a lot of young people around make all these different excuses It's the lights in the rules Yeah, that he's a bastard. He should drop dead. Yeah before he gets old another one of those real nice culture In the middle of your citizens that we all got to kind of drop their teeth and the pollotent right in the middle of your lunch Anyway, I was listening to that at the time I was driving down Palm Beach like full of hard And I came to a stop light and I noticed that the gentleman sitting next me was about 170. Yeah, and his car was in reverse Okay, this car was in reverse. Right. That was he. Oh, French Canadian. No, he's not I don't know He had Florida tax could he could have been a relocate anyway Right before the light turned great of cop pulled up behind him now listen I'm listening to the show I'm thinking you know what would uncle Neil do? You know in a fit should I tell the guy his car is in reverse? I opted not to let him in light turn green Step on the gas the back right to the cop. So I got a kick out Excellent. This guy got a good story made my whole week I was funny. Yeah, and I'll never forget it Before I go listen Neil. Oh, we call out it Palm Beach a subhuman douchebag and my friend Mark the lawyer It real douchebag. Okay, so yeah before you go yeah before we go good day. Okay. Oh God no Good morning Americans It's Friday Pompano hello Pompano Oh, this is good. Mm-hmm. We came in in the middle of a little something that's going on here. I like this. Yeah pretty soon sooner later. They'll discover Hello Those pompano. They've got the phone buried somewhere like in part of their anatomy And listening very quietly. Yeah something critical to say Pompano it'll be real upset when he finds out he'd blew it. Yeah Hello, yeah, oh, Neil. Yeah. Hi, this is Jimmy Dunning and I just A car from Allen's off. Oh, yeah, well Allen must have been a one-it was a bug in you. Well, we were trying to say hello there tell Allen to buzz off How's that crap, Allen? You could tell him that better than me. Okay, I will too trust me We just have it a catch you show as the guy that called about the night of the macro bell retirement and he was little off-base There was any inquiry at all. It was not against any of the one-two-three finishes I was down the winter circle help with the tape cutting ceremony. Yeah, and The back one go get lost a second and free talk and with third and it was a cold triple and I do believe I'm not a betting man, but it paid right around $20. Yeah, yeah the big price I would have thought it paid about seven or eight bucks Well, true was the free talking had the rail in the first the second horses What you knew go get lost was going to be second? Well nobody knows anything about a horse race, but that's the way it turned out Yeah What's that That Allen man, I'm so I know what what is Allen doing tell him it's a radio show here The man is just absolutely out of control. Yeah, and not only that you remember the carton of tapes Cossets that he gave me last night. Yeah sure. What about him? Oh wait a minute, Sharon's got a call. That which is saying you got a call Sharon get busy quit reading all that mail Bulbasid just about to say oh yeah the tapes he's he gives me Commercials okay. There's a bunch of pop at all park commercials in there. Nothing wrong with that There's only a couple of tapes that have anything on there. Oh, I see Allen on Monday tell him I'm gonna Would do something with those tapes, okay? Okay. We got some more of that you we can replace him with as you if you want Okay, someone some real real racist on him would be nice that'll be great. We got him okay And I could say that was there was no disqualification that race it was a great ceremony that was it was a very fitting Retime I wish I could have been there I was I would have been you would have enjoyed it. Okay. All right Neil Thanks a lot Jimmy. Yeah, well, bye bye Okay, that Allen man. See it was Jimmy done again on there from Pompano Park and Allen's in the background coaching Man, I'm joking on this cigar you gave me last night Allen get some good cigars and cut the crap will you please Man, he must buy these like in little Havana or something one of those Ten for a quarter stores Boy, we got more tapes here. Well, what's this amazing we got cuz I'm gonna talk about cuz that's what stuff on it All right, yeah, for the mail has been phenomenal including this It says awesome oh boy, and here's a Jeff striker picture a gray disgusting Road test incredible wonderful picture and it says Jeff striker legendary super stud is now been immortalized by Doc Johnson with a life size replica of his massive manhood And I'm definitely not reading the rest of this, but this is That Jeff I know what a sense of humor All right listen we're gonna take a little break for the news now. We got one open line if you'd like to get online During the news break it's in Boko of course at 278 Wiod that's 2789463 Surprise and I guess that guy who is listening early is probably gonna go back to the track tonight digger round see if he can find his ticket You know, it was only what two three weeks ago, but you know, good luck to you pal Okay, April's got the new news and we'll come back in 1205 with our number three Steve with open phones is afternoon at two here on 610 Wiod 524 Wiod and Broward or 655 and 278 Wiod in the Palm Beach Other areas may call collect the opinions expressed by the host guest door callers I'm not necessarily those of the station now here's Neil Rogers on new stock radio 610 Wiod So enough to make me puke anyway trouble six is a guava just a joke like anyway Now it's true I sit here and I want you eating and eating and eating and eating and every time we discuss the food it comes in I'm sure you always say well, I'm indifferent, you know In different but once he starts man, it's like a bottomless pit and I'm scanning yeah, which makes me want to just Thank you in ahead with some very hard object and understand that okay, listen, we got an open line in Palm Beach at 655 9463 that's that famous line eight. What is this? I don't know menu my Mania what is this more food stuff Anyway, we got in Sharon is counting in Albert a humongous amount of money again today We did almost three grad yesterday for criminal sounds and today I know we got well over a grand and probably closer to two So we'll have a count on that, but the weekend is here now So I like I always say the weekend produces a mountain of mail on Monday Yeah, so while you're thinking about it you got a lot of homework to do okay if you want your boon in the box If you want your Camille's house, I mean you're right I don't know what I'm talking about your cassette slow down your donation for Camille's house Well, we got a seven hour show to do it only four hours to do it and now so do it this weekend Okay, while you're thinking about it Please include it now. This has Daytona can this be for real? Yeah, I do a nail. What are you doing up there? No, you can't hear us Well, thank god for that. What? Go ahead. No, you go ahead. You're calling it. Who's dime is this? Yours. Oh, like I said then you can't hear us right I think you can I tried tuning in in and there's nothing with static really. Yeah, we got a lot of static today But I'm up here. There's you know checking it out and There's nothing of four logs. I only more so it came up here Pretty lively. Yeah some living and breathing people probably some under 90 or 100 right? I bet you there are a few who aren't even gonna have their birthday on Willard Scott on the today show Exactly, exactly. I wish it was like that down here Yeah, well it used to be long ago long ago What is happening? What's happening here? Yeah, not a thing man. It is so quiet you get here a pin drop right in the middle of biscuit boulevard Same same old Huh, and how you doing bird fine and I haven't heard you guys in the couple I'm gonna be back down in about five days five days five days You think you can find enough activity up there to keep you busy for five days Probably yeah, I would think so Probably five months Listen whatever you do be sure and come back quick because everybody under a hundred who leaves even for a day It adds up believe me. There's like a dark cloud hanging over the entire of tricounty area I got a good going here. No, okay, listen. Thanks for the call. Yeah, take care Have a great time. Okay. That's our first call from Daytona Beach perhaps ever on the show That's have a big Round of applause in the purple jelly bean and all of that good stole star. Yeah Okay, menu guide. Yeah more food. That's just what I needed. It's got a letter which I just tore in half It's from surprised release greater Miami menu guide to showcase area restaurant hotel's night clubs and attractions That way you just get some living and breathing people to frequent them. It would be great Oh, no, this is nice. Isn't I? Yeah, it's very well the restaurants very nice. I want to go through that Angela's cafe Felipe This is nice. It's very nice Moss of someone in my favorite. Yeah, I thought I'd mention that to get you a hysteric I love you on a food this morning Seriously, you have a put on display. I think you hung around Captain Dave do you know you put on a disgusting display Just look at what I just display haven't consumed that much Well That's what Oprah said the other day is it true that she's really picked it out of what I heard on Entertainment that she is just going nuts that she's just Juggling it in okay, she's got a shoehorn that she's just jamming it in that's right They said I remember how quickly she lost it. See, I don't believe in that when you go on those real Real extreme like Karen Carpenter diets which was and you lose a ton of weight so fast You gain it back just as fast as you lost it, but they said me here's a note from it She ate four eggs Benedict and a half a cow A chicken a half a chicken yeah, that was on E.T. And that was just during a break problem and then a Hugh Breakfast dessert like this chocolate moves. So what the hell is she gonna accomplish man See she's got a problem. He's come pulse it that's right and she's up there millions of people are watching her and using her as a role model And she goes on these extreme dangerous fan thing that she's doing and now she's gonna gain it all back and they're all gonna be The whole audience gonna be blowing their brains on and the tabloids should be crying We'll go through that whole thing of the tabloids will be putting like Elizabeth Taylor you you see those horrendous Or pictures of her or she looks like bossy the cow in drag We got a car phone in Palm Beach we better get that right on hello Yes, sir, how you doing okay? Boy is it a beautiful day. I hate to tell you that I know you wait a minute. It's your our total for today 1326 bucks for Camilo Sounds we have raised in a very short time 14,000 Neil why are you laughing real quick? Sir hold on a second 14,239 bucks go ahead Okay, listen, Neil yeah I just want to tell you what a great job you and the bird are doing you can say it again I'm a damn good a great job even though he's the Ed McMan of the talk radio that is correct But what what What I want to say just maybe it's me, but it seems like you you yourself You just to be so I don't know so So violent people violent radio tacos. You know, I've mellowed out sir. Yeah, when you're making as much money as I am So you get real mellow You've toned it down, eh, but I just want to say you guys doing a great job Yeah, well say it again. I told you the saying that you did you say one more time. Oh, you can look a little more Okay, you too nice talking to you. He was good. He was like See now Nick rushes to judge me put on a very slow with it or dim with it Carphone douche by well he's right Nick has a point Anyway 14,239 that means by on when we open a mail on Monday We're gonna go over 15. I never dreamed we could do this while we had any other station that I've ever worked And it's a tribute to the you know, see we're actually in a station that is an audience now Which you know happened we haven't been in a long time I mean audience beside our show. I know we're not used to it. You know all the rest of the day and of course Remember when we were on wins there were certain shows that didn't raise a dime Not to mention any names But Or this is fantastic and we thank everybody Profusely it's a tremendous cause yes, and I think I also want to thank Sony Fox a lot because we joke about Something with the day that he came in and gave the grand and I matched it I think that motivated a lot of people out there. They figure well if these guys are gonna give that kind of money We can certainly give 20 or 30 or 50 or whatever And we appreciate that in of course the cassette tapes is helping a lot too And by the way when you send your request for the boon in a box if you want to throw a check in air for committals I was don't you know Don't be afraid to do that right? It's well worth it. It sure is 12 13 at W I O D Let me tell you about char hot right now probably a lot of people thinking about lunch Right as we speak, but I think about it zip over to the char hot nearest you you'll find them in Super host station just in time for the holiday Here now back to Neil Rogers on news talk radio six 10 W I O D You know the amazing thing about Reniri show this morning. We were commenting on it up until the end there Where there was some ticking yeah in a phone line water that was ticking but the quality of it was so fantastic Was that coming right from the building? I know was it an amazing at least in And you couldn't even hear the slots going into back Did it very subtly and very quietly But I know Roger was plunging his brains out while the show was going on sunrise. Hello good morning Neil good morning to you. Yeah, I made a good news be yours Okay terrific with Neil my cousin of the restaurant Well good luck to him sir. I hope he has a very prosperous life By the way, I mentioned before the exciting thing and market the last excitement was the Briss of is it or Shapiro and probably a lot of people a lot of people I'm here so just relax A lot of people are wondering why that would be exciting because there probably a lot of brisses in market But is it or is 47 Go ahead. I'm sorry Yeah, so I know you're upset because I'm talking over you now to pay any attention to what you're saying But I thought the you know comment about is it or was a hell of a lot more exciting than what you said so far Okay, what you've got to say yet that could be really thrilling. I doubt it, but it's gonna be great Okay, Joe Gio's in Miramar Joe Gio's yeah, is that like perfume? No, it's a restaurant. Okay. Okay. We are inviting you to come down and try the food You know I'm on a diet so I can't tell that but we have salad there, but if you can they how about blend? Now he lives in a candle. Yeah, Miramar. Miramar. It's like you're not ready to know the answer because you're not gonna go there No, not to Miramar now, but I mean after the diet is over But if we come down and pick up with a limousine No, I have to the diet. I'm not gonna go off the diet for anybody, okay? Okay, but I'll come after the year after my diet how about after the diet so if you bring us lunch one day Yeah, you bring it here how about that? Well, is that a good comment a lot easier? Yes But if you could bring us lunch soon one like one day next week and Glenn will eat it Okay, great me he'll suck it up like there's no tomorrow Okay, definitely was he's in training already? Yeah, forget about that cool. Yeah, it's probably your cousin who owns the restaurant Robbery plug Could be Johnny Depp and it's Miramar. My check is out there to the community. Thank you. My tape. Okay, appreciate it Okay, have a good life. You too buddy. Bye 12 18 a WIO day. There's an open line in Broward if you move very quickly now This is that part of the show when the line just go nuts and if you believe that You really are stupid, okay? Where we going? Bob in Jupiter. How you doing Bob? Well, I It's Bob It's Bob yeah Put you up a little Bob will you place? That was good Yeah, okay, well you've been up there in Jupiter too long. I need to come back to Earth I don't know if Bob is gone from Jupiter or Uranus right next door What's up Bob I think Bob must have cut a little of the leaf I'll assure you that I because he's just in a panic He's in a cold sweat Bob Calm down Bob Get a hold of yourself. I'm sounds like Bob already has a hold of himself. I think that's the problem Okay Wow, I talked about a mouth breather. There you go. That was great. That was the definitive radio mouth breather right there God Almighty you own here calls like that. I think I'm ready to accept religion at this point You won't hear calls like that on the Bob acid or show Oh The Bob acid or show boy talk about Pondrous I miss a grill I wonder what Casey is talking about when he's saying it's getting Leaping ponderous he might be talking about the Bob acid or show Because I can't think of anything more ponderous than lastider. I mean ponderous I couldn't believe you didn't bring him over here when we came over here, you know agreeable Always got a cart. Yeah, I love it. Yeah, there's a lot of stuff. I love beyond But I figured they got only knows they need some material over there And wouldn't you know out of all the ACN stuff the only stuff that they play is the personals The stuff that we never played because it was so embarrassingly bad. Yeah There's only one other person that I know of who ever played that stuff every day Every day your stand is listening right now. I'll stand you know that it was bad stuff Right damn play the good stuff too don't get me wrong, but he played does some of those Personals are just awful they're embarrassing Yeah, but I guess it fits on that show over there now, you know Because I keep hearing more stories from that building from the city Really you've heard tales of the Vienna woods. This is tales of Carroll City Oh, about how they've turned it around here. Yeah, they've turned it around in fact A lot of them are turned upside down at this point lying on the floor making morning sounds whimpering Oh, they got it now. They got it. They got it all right It's called an empty log is what they got And is Abe Lincoln's there's nothing worse than an empty log. Oh, here's Larry with an apology in candle What did you do Larry? Hey, I didn't listen to yesterday at all Why do I ought to be sorry Larry you ought to really hang your head in shame I do and more than this morning I didn't listen all the way until 10 or 1145 I thought you were doing yesterday that was so stinking important that you could listen to this show Well, I was listening to your sister station trying to get all the grateful dead to oh Yeah, yeah, it must have been dead Thursday over there That's the only reason why I listen to them otherwise I always listen to you from ten The rumor has it that it's dead every day No, no, I like her man and being I told you that once before yeah, so what's wrong with that? They're right over here next door Yeah, they love him now Good yeah, I love us from a distance Yeah, this morning though. I forgot to listen to you I felt bad about that Well, you do always in apology your right Larry But listen, Neil, where are you from in New York and upstate New York? Hey here we go. No, I knew Larry was a big call How about how much is during candle day Larry? I'm out. Swingo. Oh, I swingo. Yes Hey, now you're talking to me. We're out at the end. He's right down. This segment's gonna have to And we're gonna talk about Auburn, New York and Syracuse and New UK Yeah, and Geneva I can't believe I moved down here. I should have went to us We go stay and fairport in panion and Binghamton and Fredonia and done Kirk and maybe Jimmy Donning it'll call back Jimmy used to be the president of Buffalo Raceway and Hamburg Exactly, we can talk about the max Robinson and used to call a races up there and stand Bear in use to do the racing show. Well, did you ever go to the swingo speedway? Oh all the time No How about the way of it? What's the other places? Isn't it there's Clinton Springs? What's that town up there where they have the big auto races? A swingo. No, not us we go. Come on seriously. I can't think of any other one. Is it Clinton Springs? That's where they have the sulfur springs, but I think they also have car racing up there something somebody will call in and we'll get a whole We'll get a whole discussion started about this and gets some but looking duck is stericol. Okay, this will pay him back for that gigantic 10-course lunchy A and front of my face Neil, where are you living in? Not in the open uh, Glenn, where you living in Kendall now? Yeah, give me exact address Exactly. I live in South Miami. Yeah, you live in South not not too far from the Palmetto I live in Roswell and off of 152nd Avenue in in front of uh, uh, well, let's reminisce about South Miami now Yeah, this ought to take a long time Remember Godfather's on sunset I used to love Godfather's I really need it too. I loved it. I'd go long gone, but man. It was great Have you here from Godfather's I wish have you or would call in one day? I wish have you or would come in one day Boy trust me. Well, listen Larry, but a great call. Are you shocked to hell out of me? You know what I'm saying? Yeah, well one more thing in closing though. That's something I got from your sister. She wants to I think that'll make your day. All right. Yeah, okay. You're flying eating dogs. Yes, come fucking pig Excellent Bye, who was nice he was excellent one. I think that I don't know about excellent He sounded excellent to me, but of course voices are sometimes deceiving okay. It's a 24 past new to WIO D we want to thank our good friends over at Rick's lesson deli. Yes in North Miami Beach for they brought WIO D good morning of arrogance It's Friday. You know the new now or comes if you just have to get a little taste of that don't you? Of course By the way the town and we thank whoever called in Watkins Glen New York. I always get clipped in springs and Watkins Glen can Fused. I don't know why I don't either they sound so much alive Anyway Watkins Glen is where they have the auto racing and upstate New York. I'm glad somebody all also said English town raceway in New Jersey What the hell do we care about New Jersey? We got enough problems without Jersey. Okay. We got people going to Newark But English town raceway. We don't care about New Jersey. We're trying to forget it Right well this time of year. We got a mobile in Broward. Hello Long gone. Okay. How about deer field? Hello. Yes, sir. Well, I like that. You're a pinion of some. Yeah. What's your pinion David Letterman? I watch him now and then to be honest with you, but I don't I'm not that much into him. I don't see what people get so crazy But you know Letterman is a yuppie kind of thing in other words it's in to watch Letterman. But I don't I don't know it's shit there's a lot of stuff under that just doesn't make it you know You two rely alike like cut down people. Yeah, like I said there's a lot on that show that really is great I'm a I'm a Letterman freak. Yeah, but now you got to admit it this show is it's ponderist man That's all shade for God. He's got to butcher up a little bit, you know All safer in the man. We got to put you up just a hair or at least get some hair one of the other I'll Letterman's okay. He's got his moment. Yeah, what do you think about that show called Dr. Who? Not who I don't watch. I don't get that. I don't watch that much sure like regular TV I watch irregular TV and in fact I'm gonna get my satellite this put back up because I'm missing too much good stuff I agree about these scum second blue hair bitches. Yeah They need to get out of your man. Yeah, we're gonna get a fleet of buses and we're gonna ship them all out. You're right Why on a bus you can Excellent. Well read it from your pal even if it takes a million trips man if we can get every last one of the nasty I mean are some older people are very nice like my mother and about three or four other people Not no, they're you know a lot of the yeah, maybe 20 30 percent of people are with it in our judge metal in our bitter But man we got a whole bunch Thousands and thousands and thousands of nasty miserable rotten horrendous barbaric subhuman old douchebags who want everybody to be miserable They don't want anybody to have a good time. They don't want any young people They just want this to be like their own thing here like they own it I used to live in deer Creek man and they thought I was a cat when we moved in and then they found out when I was a teenager Man they threw us out. Yeah, and that great. There's a bunch of old Farts you got it. You know you can do something today sir that will really upset them if you want to But egg their houses no you can laugh Yeah, he already laughed a couple of times that really gets a day That's why they hate the bird man because he laughs and let the salt a laughter makes them hysterical They can't stand it because then they think somebody's having a good time. Yeah, you know of all the tapes I've heard of Howard Stern and Robin Quiver sits there's an and laughs for four hours. Yeah, I had never heard one color Call up Howard and complain about Robin that's why this show is a lot better than Howard's And they call it every day and complain about me. That's right, and that's part of the idea. I love it Yeah, well listen you have a good way don't let those old prunes are getting your ways sir I know that's one of my daughter. I am a great deal man a very crisp okay same to you Bye I see there was a great call or not a good call but a great call because he's he's not gonna let him screw up his life He's gonna say up yours You know what I mean like take the old animal bag and have a wonderful time with a lady but just to get out of my life Drop dead exactly I could have put it better myself like the kid I called from the people rock Yeah, if you don't like it dropped it Take a hike get out of our lives already leave this alone and can you imagine what it would be like if just if nobody ever Like Steve does these shows he did to this week and I commend him for it the one with the animals on Monday And I do mean animals and then the one yesterday about the Condu nine year old girl and her Antenocular whatever I guess to her step parents now I got to meet her did you get to meet her now very nice Yeah, very quiet. I mean you she was as quiet as a church mouse She's nine years old. It's not like she's a little baby who's crying and screaming or like you know a teenager with a loud car or motorcycle Not that all teenagers are loud But I mean she's just a very very quiet nice little girl and right away They got to make a big to do it all it says about president Man, I know and all these yentas in there got to get involved man. They ought to be ashamed seriously They ought to be humiliated in a shame and then they're calling up and threatening you know Did you hear that part of the show where they're threatening? They're gonna call their lawyers. They're gonna go after Steve and get out of hell with them Unbelievable Well, here's the source for white castle burgers again I thought we already got this string though. Well, let's check it out again. Hello You're at the bottom of the list, but it looks so interesting that them well, I'm the old cut-tank hot water hell. He's calling on oh yeah I know yeah, I'm getting my satellite this put up because I know that continental cable will never give us WGN So I'm gonna put my dish back up Yeah, well if we get enough people to call and write in then maybe we'll get it Yeah, right and maybe maybe Hanukkah will come in July too, right Anyway, I was up in Lantan I worked during the day. I took off half a day today and I'm up in Lantan up between Hyperluxero and Lantanero down and you last one or sixy highways the combination Hmm, there's a place called a lunch stop and he said white castle burgers They've got the little square hamburgers with the little square ones with the onions and the mustard and the ketchup Just like you get it help know about it. But they're not but they're not white castle though They're not white capital whether the same identical thing yeah because we got castle burger too Which is supposed to be like an offshoot of royal castle and the only problem with castle burger is that they make them way ahead of time And they put them in those steamers and by the time you get a man I'll tell you they're like mong oh if he makes them to order them they're probably pretty good about Excellent Get up that way by Lantan and don't forget you can also go in a super rocket in the freezer department in most markets and they've got to Real the real honest to god white castle frozen The plane burgers and little cheese burgers Yeah, exactly and then you get the grease out from them, right? Yeah, yeah the grease just comes pouring on me And then you know they're for real. Yeah, I Try to listen to the Zeta morning show after you left a little bit just to see what that was going on Yeah, and I just can't now I listen to you know you got me hooked on you Yeah, but I listen to Mike and good great and I don't even I just matter of fact. I took Zeta off my FM me too sir I did too Wait, what the way to handle it for you guys Yeah, yeah, and you know they were really stupid to do that if they would a jet we I tried to do it like a gentleman You're trying to leave under good, you know, and not say anything and just do as good a job as we could till we were gonna leave But they couldn't leave well enough alone and right away, they're you know that the Tim Duce bag It opened up his big mouth to the Harold and and put it out and all these statements about how you know We couldn't turn over the audience to the rest of the alles crap and so you know They really tick me off and as a result they created a lot of bad feeling and they changed away most of the audience they had before I used to have it set up my station and when you left now I've got you yeah, I'm gonna take the I'm gonna take the button off all my radio is too And there is some of the music they play I like but it's not worth it. You know Exactly, okay listen great hearing from you. Okay. Yeah, bye have a good one Okay, I'm gonna take that's gonna be my homework assignment for the audience today is to take Zeta off your button on your car radio Feels good. It does it's a great feeling manual better before it 34 April's got a news update and we'll come right back on 610 W i o d Keeping nothing into it Somebody first hands someone to first and then go back to please There is nothing I like better than a jocelyn now and then with the hands under the sweater and The back the start to then But before my eyes are open I don't want you have too high From a simple time still poking with the dimmo for a Friday Boy In the morning That's while I'm yawning suddenly falling when I'm half a flame No, I'm conscious. I'm very not just waiting for a thrill Is one sex with surprises sex with surprises someone on the table There is nothing like a lover who can satisfy your needs And the joy when you discover just how often he's that's But before my eyes can focus I don't need him to surprise By defending like a locus on a field of sleeping Boy, one sex in the morning, sex in the morning When I'm still not fresh What something that strikes them? Someone who likes them Under me there was someone Someone to take and someone to break and comments on this night Someone to prod and someone who not and then just close her eyes Boy, okay 1241 at WIOD and I've tried put the mic cozy on here Is this one Steve uses Macozy that's what Craig would call us a co- Yeah, as in a toilet tissue motion That's already look at most people know what a toilet tissue cozy is I don't think even mr. Wipple knows what that is So when we were the old KAT Craig had these old ladies who would knit them That's crazy. These little holders that you put around toilet paper And we had this big piano and this giant ancient studio over at the cat and on top of the piano We had all these toilet tissue cozy man So incredible probably the only station in America that had toilet tissue cozy in the studio Well, it should have told you something and since they were full of it over there probably Maybe I'll see my Mb chill-o Hello Neil yes, sir I think you guys are doing a great job with a whole familiar South It's just wonderful what you guys are doing well the audience is doing a great job there really responding I've never seen anything like this not even close You get out take a page out of some of these telepons get a nice Fan fair type thing before you give her a towel or a total of okay, well like Jerry yeah, well when Roger comes back on Monday Will he's he knows where all those curtains Yeah, yeah, make you out of you feel a little better or not as a case maybe yeah A ran in a hickabush for yesterday how did it come out? He's got connections in this town. Yeah, but he does but I think they should take a lesson from the Russians up Where are we going now? We're coming to get you sir. Very good. Jerry atric police are coming to get you now the gerrital police Not I think take a lesson from the Russians just bulldozer all the conders Don't let the disease spread yeah, oh that is starting next week by the way a week from Wednesday They're going to start bulldozing every condo in South Florida. I don't want to scare anybody These the sooner yeah I'm a corner did his 88 update should a day and He said excerpts from the one with the big chair incident. Oh, yeah, and he said there's a lot of indictments Since his show was on and he said I only have one nose to give to my country You know, I read a big article about it the day the whole thing was contrived the whole thing was set up It would make it any the broken nose was only by accident He milked it for everything he could get out of it Does Ryan comes a little bit Hey, bro? Yes, sir. I think you don't listen to what anybody says You're not a butt-licking lame dog And you're not Ed McMan you're better not a creature Boy now there's a statement Well, yeah, you got it considered the source although our fish and chips were hell of a lot better than the bird. You got to Yeah, yeah, or anyway you got your y'all doing a great job. I love you, sir Thanks a lot. All right. Yeah, bye Okay, all right 1244 W-O-D. I don't like this cozy man. It's drives me nuts. Why did you put it on? I don't know because usually I like a little windscreen on a mic, but this is too big You don't need it. These are like a Jeff striker cozy good heavens. Yeah I'm gonna take it out. Yeah, I don't like it at all. Oh, excuse me. You don't need these I don't have lucky boys for horrendous gigantic round prophylactic Palm Beach, hello Yes, sir. Hey, don't call me noodles. That's a shot. Yeah, is that a shot? Yeah? Sorry Boy, as they say gloves here. That was a low blow Good time Where the great case that noodles, man. He slays me. Yeah. I've got I've got a friend in the office that We went back to Boston and That's part of about it. He's taken this gum bag Mung brain French Canadian roll it's a little All right Excellent take a few extras too. Yeah, I'm sure they're all related You know either directly or indirectly, so take a few extras back for his pal. Yeah, I'd like to just tell Dave Listen, you know have a good time and your real douche bag. Hey, how about those the old cheapo Breakfast club If you read about that in the paper no each of them okay the five couples are one the lottery Okay, they're all over a hundred and they they'd be neat net this restaurant for the last oh Yeah, the 99 cent breakfast Yeah, I'm gonna go in there. I have a 10 dollar tab every morning, but this time These are big spenders, you know less a $12 Tip I'm a 10 dollar tab Wow, even holy Toledo That probably makes up for the dime that they've been leaving every other time Exactly, so it's first that a donation to the Knoza if you're gonna go out Yeah, I'm waiting for the donation from those of five couples at one the 28 million wouldn't that be that's okay? That's what we're talking Wouldn't it be nice to see like a hundred thousand dollar check or a fifty thousand dollar chair even a grand company Those days I mean I realize they're only getting about a million and a half a year I mean I know that's a poultry sum and divided by five that's only 300 thousand a couple you know So Tough it would be tough, but maybe they can squeeze their way through okay, wouldn't that be nice? Yeah, really don't hold your breath They're all come back as far as I'm Well, that's why though. That's another reason the lottery is a major rip off not only do you have a chance in a hell of winning it But the people who are winning it are either over the age of a hundred are these crotchety Misurable rednecks who you know brown bag it that's why a lot of the rednecks went up a like an Ochoopy and two egg Because they hang out at the convenience store, man So they're there by a lottery tickets all day in between brown bag lunches and pickle legs Exactly right and They're all come back. Yeah, have you gone it? Hey, you yeah, good day. Okay As they say in China right day okay 1247 See Paul Harvey may not be on this station anymore and you notice the complaints are boring Yeah, I don't think they're getting any more calls about that at all are they now now? Yeah, most of those people died already Most of the ones who used to say good day But at least in the new hour we keep his memory a lot of things and listen Today it would be a great day to go out and you know everybody's in the malls get some fresh air get out in the wide open spaces and Stop by at Toyota Hollywood and I do mean wide open spaces because they have acres and acres and acres of Quality and I Was driving down I 95 the other night Somebody nearly cut me right off the road I decided wasn't gonna do any good to get man I wrote a song about them instead It goes like For you more Or did you work it in your whole life Either way it worked out by Because you're an asshole tonight Yes, you're an eight FFH so Ellie And don't keep trying to claim it on me You deserve all the credit You're an asshole We're an asshole yesterday You're an asshole I've got a feeling You'll be an asshole the rest of your life You I Was talking Do your mother Just the other night I told her I thought you're an asshole She said yes. I think you're right And all your friends are asshole Because you know that you're whole life Somebody told me you've got an asshole whole life Or you more And asshole Or did you work it in your whole life Either way You're an It's a good time for the great taste Hold You like that Newtle Anything you like that because you feel if the noodle spits wear it or something like that Anyway 1254 W. I would you want to dedicate that to all your prunes all those miserable nasty subhuman old farts in South Florida Especially the ones in at the complex up there in the Margate. Oh, good that Steve was talking about yesterday I can't remember the name of it, but it'll it'll come back to us another poor St. Lucy call hello Okay, first time calling I'll be damned Listen, I heard a show on Wednesday about the possibility of Alan coming in. Yeah But when I got an idea for you. He brings Alan is you should see if you can barely hear you pardon Okay, go ahead. I'm saying if if you bring Alan in Neil Glent you see of Jack from Miami Beach who call Sandy up and come in and counterbalance Exxon suggestions sir. Oh, excellent. You know, I can see Glenn's point Pretty much too. Yeah, that sounds good to be Jack and sit on his lap and I'll let him sit in my lap I do have an investment tip for you Neil. Okay. We do not have any century villages up here and two are in port saying loose You may want to consider The carrying the territory all right. Oh, yeah. I'm talking to the people at one more Are you see if we can not not to build another one just ship the ones who are here already up to you guys I think we just shouldn't further north and really we locate him and he Jumped I think he or be a perfect place Saint Augustine the oldest city in that the oldest city in America yeah, North America And they can search for the fountain of youth all yeah, fantastic we'll even bring positive alien back to Alva Hey one more thing do you don't know if any stores I have some friends are bald and have male pattern baldness You know if any stores down there that sell those hats at Rick show where's Yeah, I think Paul Shafers opening up his shop just for that so we'll check it out for Do I like this hat trick where's I want to get okay? Yeah, they're good for frying eggs under too. Okay, see you later Following up here Neil keep it up. Thank you. I know well we're big in port saying loosey man. He was so funny We are a monster like Deliric can't the port saying we're gone pretty strong giant in our own time Papa know hello I think you're gonna like this call because it's gonna be short and sweet and right to the point as opposed to long and wet I have an able-worthing fetish Room you two when she says Wio Wait a minute why she get it why don't you get her name right what did you say? April what is it is it? Worthing worth them. Oh, it's Craig where you see you have a Craig more than on a child And she says Wio D depend on it. Yeah, I really do depend on it. Yeah, I bet you do it makes me feel good Talk about a guy's got a rich full life Listen, yeah, it's the highlight of my day so that tells you look could be a work you could be Fawning all over in Ross listen. I was looking I was a former Terminally chronic call. I went to the Neil Rogers school for the terminal of chronic and I have I called in five weeks You got deep I think I'm doing pretty well that's fantastic Press it okay, and this is gonna be short and sweet like I said okay. I start today That was good. What is it? So a little April there is developing her own gigantic following up there a little April worth them a fan club and Yeah, I don't know if we kind of cue that I want to spoil her news image because you know how news people are Well, what to be something if we had to put on some real like wet lipstick and then we could take no a little card They could make personalized little cards with a picture and she could like imprint a lip print Something I think that it out and say me the good news be you're something original like that now I'm still to this day now. I would leave followers has made a good news be yours I'm still not allowed to go in and tickle her and absolutely not hug her I told her if you get anywhere near her to smash you with a mouth okay I have seen the way you operate in fact I remember that night at the melting pot done in Kenna with Sally I wonder how come we haven't heard from Sally by the way? No at all mighty has been missing from our lives Sally is missing and it's just like she disappeared and of course we know why she you know isn't around Why the hell have we heard from her? I know I haven't heard from her either Sally Because she listens believe me absolutely and if she's not listening the word will get back to her well she has my home phone number As is probably pretty I think she's got mine too. It's pretty sure pretty evident by that night, but oh, yeah Yeah, that's how I'm holding you tell them in a restaurant. This wasn't in some kind of like Romantic setting like in some kind of a singles bar where people are getting cozy at the bar This was a restaurant Stan made your elbows lost it And this man put out a display with her that I got to be honest with you Dr. Ruth was on her way in to see if she could The get you to a part well I had a good time now bet you I mean there were like body parts hanging all over the table in fact I noticed that fun do there was something went through there real quick. I'm not sure what it was But god almighty that was a really and that was so typical man this guy just to any excuse to start fondling and grabbing any Of volups you was just even even even not so volups you was I mean if it's alive man It's got them well, that's not true. I have my pride. I have my taste. I have my things I look like Phoebe Cates and drag man look at me. All right. We got one open line for that last hour Which of course is always the big one our big one to two hour? Well if we're near we can I never been able to figure out what that means the big nine to ten What does that mean? What does that mean? They're always saying stay tuned for the big night like why is that the big hour? Why is that any bigger than like six to seven or I don't understand it? Maybe Mike can explain it on Monday Anyway, it sounds good. Palm Beach is open 655 Wiod if you're calling from Jupiter or um forcing Lucy or Uranus and Augustine April the very self-same that is standing by with the news and we'll come back for our final hour at 105 You York City sucks it is here. That's a lot of cram. We were talking about visit now the old cliche It's a nice place to visit but you wouldn't want to live there. I agree. I agree. I think when I say I'm for New York I always make sure people know it's an upstate New York is the city and upstate New York are totally different On a visit it's but it's far being a tourist no you don't want to go to upstate New York and see the mountains I mean that's about as boring you can see that on a postcard But you've been there many times well if you if you it sucks so bad why have you been there many times? Why did you go back if somebody force you? Here comes the reverse by here it comes on a screen. I lived there oh well I guess that's an excuse Well, no wait a minute, but you know in a way this is good because at least he's saying he lived there and it sucks He's got an excuse or leaving Unlike a lot of the New Yorkers who are down here who keep complaining it was so great there and how it sucks here Yeah, okay, and you say to them well if it was so great there how many left? Okay, then I do agree to live there. I wouldn't want to live there for all the money in the world I've been approached twice by WABC under their former ownership When they weren't as Neanderthals they are now and Quite frankly I have very mixed emotions about working in New York as I would live there And I sure wouldn't want to live in Jersey no I must accept it the job one time in Trent and many many years ago And I drove up there and I drove around the city and I looked around and I put my nose clip on God what a horrible place But I never even I waited I met the manager and a people in the station and I was just on the verge I was gonna be the program director that station and I just drove out of town and I never went back good thing Trust your instincts Stinks is the word yeah, but I love visiting up there Yeah, New York to the greatest in New York is exciting. I don't care what anybody even Nick Yeah, I care what anybody here is it is exciting if you go whenever in there It's like a little child in a candy store. I mean you just go nuts But by Friday I was ready to go home. Yeah. Oh, yeah, I have to get days never a couple of the I see a weekend would be nice nice to spend five days there's something like what I lived in Boston And I had my first car I had a little 1960 corvare and a couple of friends in mine Would get in the car and we would head to New York which from Boston's not a long drive Never a lot of miles and almost every weekend we would wind up in New York That was back that's in 1961 almost 30 years ago Now I'm not saying there wasn't any crime, but it isn't like it is today Those days you could walk the streets at two or three in a morning and there'd be so many people out You'd feel safe you didn't have to you know keep your hand on your wallet and keep looking around you Not that way and it was just tremendous. It was an incredible experience Boy, this is like a little bit of nostalgia boring in it. Okay. Let's go to this mobile. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yeah No, I called you another day and I and I told where I went to the phone. I was on a mobile phone and he said yeah Aren't you on for me? Yeah, you know, I wrote it But you know, I hug my horn everyone got upset and trapped but today I called and I never had a chance to Tell him I was on a mobile phone so I called back and he got mad at me for calling my she said You already called I already knew you run a mobile phone And now he knew yeah, he knows Don't go analyzing the job and her he knows everything okay, there knows knows anyway I forgot what I called. Oh, yeah, why the hell did you call me call me? Because I have some very serious problems and I was pretty obvious. Yeah I really don't listen. What is this story with this envelope? You want to you gonna mail us a tape boy we should send you a tape Or we send you a self-adjust envelope and it's mail us why what's going on? Why why why? How does that work? It's one 12 with W. I OD you know like we were talking today how people didn't do it right when they sent in there See, I'm not gonna even begin with him to try to explain it seriously after him Well, I will of the audience. Yeah, but to the caller. I he kind of disappeared for some strange reasons But after we do the break I will come back and explain it And then Quill would say our vice president elect and it's so complicated. I will explain it to you Okay, it's very simple even a moron can do it. Okay, sir. Don't take it personally, but even an idiot Can do it, but first I want to tell you about neutral line 150 to W I OD just try to control yourself nasty The still emotional about yesterday show That was that Alan Becker man and I thought he was a pretty good guy Thank God Larry Smith is in Congress and not him Well, that's what Sharon told me. Yeah, but you know that Ebenezer screwed routine that that doesn't So with me. Why does Sheryl look like she just wanted the ostrich? Could you It turns out in this particular in these particular kind of documents of the viewpoint kind of a Flores is bringing their food for Sheryl Becky and Sandy and it's not here yet. What even to wait about two hours? One hour. Elison Carmine. I realize I'm on a diet And I appreciate very much all you've done for me, but our other folks are starving here Man, it looked like Sheryl is like she's gonna pass out She's gonna fade away. She's on a caring carpenter program anyway So if Carmine will hurry up and get get their button gear okay's what the message says. Okay? She looked desperate and far be it for me to you know Her ass are friends at Flores because they've been so kind to us, but you know these other people get pushy what by the way Joe is sending down duck speaking About from Tafsbury, we were yesterday right today crispy duck But you know what they say you can't pass up a duck especially a but looking duck They're duck is now I can't say they've had a tap street duck on Believe it or not In it is oh Chris baby a little bit every now and then but not a duck make your mouth water anyway Getting back to the show yesterday. It turns out in the viewpoint condos by Lois they permit a Child you know to stay if all the board of directors has to do is say that it's a worthy exception And so that's what turned the attorney around now. He was on our side. Oh really and anybody But it's a median at the moment right now. I want to give out the number of the condo again and have them call heads for all You have the number then nickel put it up on the board We're gonna give that out throughout the day the viewpoint is not the only mark in space like what the hell are you talking He's got a bill put it up. He's on the ball. He's on the ball. Although he hates New York You know what has seen though you have a bendy you lived in New York He said he's been there many times. He lives there ridiculous Greatest place in the world. It's a tremendous place to visit the center of the universe New York it is absolutely and I'll say it again if there are people out there There are two places where you must go while you're still alive and of course for some of you that means you better go this week Yeah, especially in this town. Okay, one of them. One of them in one of the New York and the other places is Hawaii Oh, really lost me. You ought to get sunny to take you and Laurie along with them Sunny's getting to go to Hawaii. Why? Yeah because of the basketball game or something out there You're kidding. No, I'm not kidding. He's going next week. Hawaii Is they here at the same time Hawaii is truly paradise and coming a living and breeding people and fun and The climate is perfect and they're always those trade winds blowing so it's not humid and oppressive Even though it's like 86 87 all the time it's tremendous sounds wonderful. It is And I have like all those fruits out there stuff. Okay, you're not impressed. Oh, yeah, my am it was great I like I prefer you're even if in the year by the trying to get out this summer Next summer I'm going to your London now you will love one. You should stop at London now I've already seen enough queens in my life So anyways, Steve has open phones today and he's gonna be talking about the crotch watchers again So look out There's little old ladies are getting their binoculars out right now as we speak Okay, we have an open line in date if you move very very quickly now 7519463 that is 751 W D bokeh hello Boca He gone Miami hello Yeah, yeah, my on yeah, did I catch you off guard there sir. Oh my I'm sorry. You do okay? This is in the building don't be sorry. What do you mean it's in the building? Oh, I'm sorry I was on hold. I thought Mike all went here. What do you mean it's in the building? Oh? I think you're pardon. I thought someone else picked up the other end of the line. That's okay Don't you shout awful confused now? Yeah, I have a good reason. Are you are you calling me or Nick? I'm calling you but I'm waiting so long. I wasn't sure well, I see a lot of those things I just got back from Miami beach where I was severely traumatized by a purple hair and I'm not I know you sound so confused. Yeah, I don't I'm low this. I'm gonna go nuts. I'm taking I'm going down broad causeway You know it's like a 40 mile an hour speed limit. I have the green light and I see a fluorescent orange hair on the top of a little old lady come out between the cars. Oh wait a minute sir. Yeah. Here is the gold coast property management number For those who are distressed about the plight of that nine year old little girl 741 466 that's a broad number that's in a Marguer 741 4666 go ahead. Oh, so anyway a Jay walking Purple hair walks out in front of me and I was gonna go around but I looked in my rearview mirror and I There's the big Cadillac following me. I figure if I do that Cadillac is gonna hit her So I stop as quickly as I can and miss her by about a foot and guess what happens? You got here I get rear-handed by the Cadillac on Believe so I stopped about I'd be say ten inches from this lady and she's suffering you know about four inches of step She decides that in the middle of the intersection after carving an accident she's completely oblivious to The balls are right a cigarette Oh, wait wait Sir can I straighten you up? Yeah, can I explain something to you? Yeah, you don't understand that there's a thing on the beach It's like an unwritten code She was probably one of the comma-cazy pedestrians No, seriously, I'm Colin Zabin who is very big the you must be over the age of 80 and what you do is you wait until the Don't walk lights starts flashing And you then step onto the middle of the road and you dare the motorist to hit you hoping Hoping in praying that somebody will Okay, those are the comma-cazy pedestrians on the beach there with there's more After she got the lighting her cigarette yeah, through the match with her still lit on the roof on the hood of my car Well, that should tell you something I've Completely emotionally drained now. Now. Do you realize that you should you just go on ahead? Well and let nature take its course I thought these little got that these blue hair horse stories were funny, but I don't anymore They're not there. They're not there. They're not there. They're not there. They're not there. The horror story and every corner of this got forsaken town So well you've turned it into a public service program because this is just these the huge weight off my shoulders I've never had sweaty palms in my life All right today. Don't make that mistake again, sir. Okay. Just remember remember where that accelerates Oh, and I'd like to show you you're doing a great job and as far as I just concerned they used to be on my first button But now I just want to change all the buttons over to your station actually because stupidity of them is ridiculous for them to say that you can't they can't carry the listeners after you they you go off the air Is not your fault? Yeah, they look at the person that follows you all I got to do well It's not just the person but look at the music. That's all. Oh, God, and now I hate to tell you this carol guy I hated him when he was on the other station. He has some ridiculous laugh And now they've thrown him in with the rest of the circus and it's just too much. I can't handle it You know what they say sir? What go through wrong come the wrong Everyone's allowed that happened and that's the only way that normal people like us can keep going from moment to moment You know like paraldo and and things like that. You know that I mean it made my week Probably my life. Okay. Good luck to you pal. Thank you. Bye 123 and w-o-d now Nick is writing a note says the secretary gold coast properties is very bit you I heard that yesterday people were calling into his guinea hysterical and screaming at him and threatening Steve and That says asked for Mickey 741 4666 also On those cassette tapes which were putting some of our bits and whatever on which are again for private enjoyment not for um Any other use than that including her martial use not for any other stations to steal our bits But if you want one of those tapes and we're putting them together this weekend Just send us a 90 minute cassette Along with hopefully a stamp self address envelope and a donation to Camilla sounds for 20 bucks or more That's it pretty simple isn't it three things the cassette the check 20 bucks or more to Camilla sounds And hopefully a stamp self address envelope and mail it to Camilla sounds here New Rogers w-o-d my m-a three three one four one New Rogers w-o-d my m-a three three one four one very simple even a mung brain could do it. Okay Even a simple to I'm not talking about the guy I called in the car before am I maybe Okay, it's 24 past one speaking of cars if you're in the market radio 610 w-o-d It's 128 a w-o-d the thing that I like best about the way Nick puts these things on a screen is that he gives you a little play by play Caller and the one on this one is moving. I let let I'm not gonna say anything. Let's just find out what the story is Barry Barry is mobile and I'm Barry is mobile. Neil. How are you today? Okay? I know you're on a diet. How are you Barry? I'm real good good good. Good. You can't great. I know you're on a diet, but in January in the middle of January Sometimes we're oh this is way to minute wait a minute now this is Barry that called Steve a couple of days ago Yeah, yeah No, yeah, this is Barry from Florida, Limisene Florida, Limisene. Well, I don't know that remember We bury that we're talking about that Yeah, okay, oh that Barry right okay, I guess okay, but I want to tell you in the middle of January We're gonna bring you down a low calorie pizza Believe it or not marry you the baker from Miami is opening a store pizza light in Bocas He's a lie What the light and it's a low calorie pizza and you and Glenn are gonna get the first one around the middle of January Well, I bet you'll Linda will just love that it's just love it. I love it Okay, we're sending it on down to you in the middle of the channel I hope you guys have a great holiday and Neil do you think we can get one of those tapes for the cocktail party? We threw for Camilla sauce. I'm sure you can Barry. I'll send it down to you. Okay. Have a good holiday You too, bye bye Okay, so he didn't complain about anything or says because we kept it short okay one twenty nine I W I would do we have an open line in Boka at the two seven eight nine four six three I'm getting a headache from the cigar. You know, it's gonna ponderous and If Allen is still listening. I'm sure he's not I'm talking about Allen Finkelson not Allen your friend Okay, hello Yes, sir that the show yesterday reminded me You know what the only difference is between a dead condo attorney lying in the street and a dead dog lying in the street Almost that this kid marks before the dog. Oh, yeah, and I That's okay. I listen to Leo almost every day because sometimes I can't handle Steve. He's just too ponders And I'm telling you probably you're hard to hearing too, sir like Lee because you can hear every word Even without a radio it's like listening to your show, Neil. I mean everything from Baba Baba Baba Baba but don't ever call this station again. I mean you name it he's stolen You mean Lee? Lee yeah, Lee ought to be really he ought to be under investigation for Steely more material than any other host in the history even lasted right. I don't think has got as far as Lee as as blatant And yesterday was yesterday top to cake with uh we was these favorite guests on talking about Motorcycles and wearing helmets and who's got oh, he had Mr. Xon I still can't get over that. I mean you talk about a a Incess to his relationship. I just can't get over that Well sometimes you need to put your finger down your throat when you're listening to Lee but yet today You didn't have to you just cute. Yeah, yeah, that was it. Yeah, in fact it was like the caring carpenter diet made easy and for okay Thank you. Yes. Good day 1301 a WIOD key. I still can't get over that. I had almost forgotten it what the fact that Lee had Mr. Xon Yeah, part of that little triumphant of Incess to his douche bag understandable that you would forget then and you know the thing I really can't understand Remember yesterday we got that $500 check for a Camilla sounds from Norman Kenton mm-hmm Norman is it like a liberal guy. I mean he's about as liberal as you can get Right sure Now where does he fit in With Mr. X and Lee fouler Ballant you know maybe no, I don't understand that at all. I mean Steve I can understand because Steve you know is oblivious I mean he just ignores the philosophy I mean when Hermann Gering comes over for lunch Yeah, you know he's out of bed dry. He just ignores that stuff But Norman and the Mr. X and Lee father that is a strange group. Yeah, it's our it's basically Mr. X and Norman Kent And they're mad is really and are they involved in the male bonding those two I think they are shock Isn't Oh God Now I haven't seen Mr. X's check yet have you I mean I keep here at about how he's got all this money He's loaded he's got millions. I haven't seen his check for Camilla sounds yet We're still waiting uh-huh with baited breath. I of course I'm sure he wouldn't give it to us But you know if he would deliver it to Steve and then Steve could bypass the information along to us We'd be more than delighted to give credit or credit is due But I just haven't seen it yet well we'll keep our eyes peeled and right now I'd like to tell you about a tremendous place called La Tavroneta in Tamarack and they are a Doing it up big again on New Year's Eve they're having a fantastic champagne supper and for just 40 bucks You can have a tremendous time on New Year's Eve at La Tavroneta starting at 9 p.m. and they're gonna be serving a choice of 10 spectacular dishes Including chicken Federico shrimp liver nays and flounder franchise and lots lots more and they give you so much food there By the time you leave you'll be just doing cartwheels in their parking lot, okay? And if you're not one of those folks who likes to go out and brave it real aid on New Year's Eve There will be an early seating as well and don't forget they're also gonna be serving their Traditional Italian Christmas Eve dinner Next Saturday night. So be sure to call now for reservations because La Tavroneta is a small Inamit fantastic restaurant and we don't want you to be shut out here's a number to call 722 1831 722 1831 you'll find them on McNabro just east of Pine Island in Tamarack They've been doing a super job there for over 10 years now. Don't forget great way to celebrate the holidays this year at La Tavroneta Good afternoon. I'm April. We're with you on 34 update from the W. I. O. D. News Center. These are some of the stories We're following for you at the sour three officers of the defunct truck savings bank and higher Lea are in custody today The federal reserve board has approved the acquisition of South Florida savings and Miami by the South East Banking Corporation and the governor's drug policy task force is hearing more suggestions today on how to STEM the tide of illegal drugs in the state of Florida that our Jones industrial averages up 5.93 at the sour details on these and other stories coming up at 2 on W. I. O. D. News talk radio 610 For days before Christmas and from snow, sweet and hail everyone used express mail service and priority mail Two pound priority mail maps miles on their faces two dollars 40 and two days between major markets and just three days in all other places with express mail service everything worked out right Two pounds for 12 bucks delivered overnight so go to your post office and send gifts off right Merry Christmas to all of you tonight sponsored by your post representatives Yesterday we talked about picking out a fresh Christmas tree today. I want to give you some hands for keeping the tree that way. First you can get an anti-transparent from a nursery day. This is sprayed on the foliage and slows the loss of moisture into the air. Then you want to have a large capacity tree stand because the average tree requires about a quarter for serviting the water for day. You ought to check to stand every day and replenish what the tree has sloped up. If you'd like to have my famous do it yourself super handyman's tree preserve uniform. You're here it is. Get some horticultural iron powder from the nursery store and get a bottle of caro crystal clear corn syrup from the supermarket and while you're there get a bottle of laundry bleach into a gallon of hot water you add four tablespoons of the iron powder, four teaspoons of the bleach and two cups of the corn syrup mix and pour this into the tree stand and check it every day and as needed add hot water. This keeps you tree fresh and makes it less likely to be a fire hazard. I'm Al Carroll the super handyman brought to you by home depot America's do it yourself warehouse. You can search but there's only one. I never call them ready before but never last. They have turned us down trust me. In fact I've been wondering all day I feel like my voice is a little strained. Yeah because they've turned this thing down. Somebody has turned our thing down okay? So whoever turned it down please turn it back up. It's too low. I like it like where you can hear it booming. No not booming but like resonated. Yeah okay we have a duck report on six. Hello. Yes. Yeah it's Neil. Good afternoon. Got a duck report here. Says here I was reading the paper it says duckies to raise fraternity. One of the duck was familiar with this. Duckies? Duckies to raise fraternity. That would the headline actually says. It's an exactly says in the sun setting off. Duckies. We're probably some quack wrote that. More than 3000 rubber ducks wearing goggles and I wanted to be a duck. I wanted to know if the duck was going to be there and well I don't know if he's planning on be there but he did have some strange looking goggles on when he came in this morning so that should give you a little tip off. That could be it. It's supposed to be on the new river tomorrow at noon for charity. That way. Yeah. Allers a chance for him. Make it big. You and noodles can not. Right? Right? Okay. I just thought I'd jump in there and say that and don't get no larger than me. Okay. All right. Good day. Good day. 1.38. 22 till 2. Steve has opened phones today. And the only disappointment I have we first of all we only had one lady caller today I think all day and right. That was the lady heard the church. We had no women again today. No. We had a bunch of you. We had all bunch yesterday but today the women are well this is a bad time for women. Stopping. Are there other shopping until they just you know those credit cards are drained every ounce of blood in them. A lot of that going on. Yeah. Oh yeah they're going okay we have an open line in three of magnitude now this is incredible. We still have 22 minutes to kill here in date 751 WIOD and in Palm Beach 655 9463 655 WID well I give the numbers for Palm Beach because they're basically they're dumb. Miami. Hello. Hi. Um um. Oh lady. I'm a cooler. Not a Glacier. Oh it's a young kid. Yeah we're all skipping school. Why? Why? Because it's the last day of the school year. I'll see you're getting like an extra day right. Getting a head start. Is this what they mean when they talk about the head start program? Something like that. Yeah. Um yeah it's international. That was real too. I was in a cute. Yeah. Flora's order called in an hour and a half ago they said five minute delivery 20 minutes ago and it's still isn't here. They're upset and I understand. Well let me ask you a question. Do they ordinarily deliver or do they just do that for us? They do deliver and it's been an hour and a half. You know if we would be having to bring in food all the time if I weren't on the diet the food would have been here like by 1130 or to 12. Yeah but that's your breaks man when you don't rate it goes to show you how much weight you put. So Carmine what's going on maybe Carmines is the track today because I know Carmine would never tolerate that. Yeah. He's not the track. Yeah we definitely don't want to create any bad vibes with that. Because we love their food. Super folks over there and they have the best all kinds of good stuff but Cheryl is having an interest break down. She's about ready to start doing cartwheels in the atrium. Okay. So come on Carmine cut the nonsense all right. Let's get with it. Can you believe that? Probably the guy ate it on the way over. Okay. I mean it'll ever you guys got to eat too. Boca hello. Yes. Is this male? Yes. I have three things to say and then a butt. The first thing is I can barely hear you. Oh I think you're part. That's so much better yeah. How's what you talk in the phone? Can you hear me now? Yes. I sure can. All right. I have three things to say and then a butt. First thing is I'm enjoying your pro. You have a butt? With a butt. Okay. The second thing is you will want to have a occasion to be very kind to my husband myself and again I'm just going to say thank you. And the third thing is that I sent a check of which I can afford to come out of the house. Now the butt is this. And when they show the pictures of the people, the people eating. They always show young men from between 20 and 50. Those that should be out working instead of the family. No. I'm not criticized. I'm not quite sure. I'm not quite sure. I'm criticizing. Why don't they show the family's eating rather than the young men that could be working? Yeah. And should do I'm not good at saying. Well why do you keep saying could be and should be and should be? See when you don't have a place to live and you don't have any clothing. It's not also easy to get yourself cleaned up and take a shower and shave and get dressed in a presentable way so you can go out and look for a job and have an address. You know when you go for a job generally have to fill out an application and you have to have a full number and then address it. So when you keep saying, should be should be should be. It's very obvious where you're coming from and I don't want to talk to you. Okay, you old bag. You make me sick. You make me nauseous. I was very kind to her and I don't know what she's talking about but it's just the bottom line. It's always got to be a butt. Okay? So in other words basically she would like her money to go to feed the families but these young people and of course what she'd understand that a lot of these families have young children too. Definitely. All right including teenage children who also could be working under different circumstances she was all hard man that's all I can say. Anyway it's 142 and let's go to Hollywood. Okay we right toward the end here we go is get a couple and I'll put it in and we have some questions here. What's the question? What is the question? I checked the kneel. No no God for what if you want a couple of thousand because Camilla's house. Camilla's CAMI LOS. Okay. Well in this great right in the middle of the show are just coming in here as long as they got money for Camilla's house we don't mind the other day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. For this just $100. How many tickets? Tell me tapes can we get? $100. $100. Right. Five tapes. Five tapes. Oh yeah. How am I going to know that though? Well I give you five tapes I guess right. Yeah that's it he is he doesn't understand it. They figured it out. Yeah. That's cool. That's not we always like when the salespeople listen it's very good. Okay it's 143 and we got boy how much open lines does since you came in I don't know what happened. And they'd 751 Wild and Broward 524 WID. We might just play something about 10 minutes long hearing kill as Polish show it's unbelievable. It's incredible. Have it done already. That's okay. We understand. Miami hello. Hi me I'm gonna show it story here for you some Lionel Play World last night. I'm trying to pick out some Christmas presents and I hear this young kid talking to this little old girl carrying on about how he's a radio superstar and if she holds on to his coat tail so to speak he'll make her one awesome that he talks to Neil all the time and that Neil mentions him every day on a radio and I start laughing and you know wait wait wait wait wait this is a Lionel Play World. Yeah. Couldn't have been STEM could have. All 50 had his little stem on his shirt. No bet he did. You know how to put it back where belong. It was incredible. It was I was in the midst of a superstar and I was I didn't know what to say. You know what to say you should have just laughed out loud. Well besides that then the girl came over later and said if she's serious if you really on the radio said yes to am dial. She says what does STEM say and I said nothing that I can remember. Nothing memorable whatsoever. No and I'm working down here in Kendall and I'm taking down E-Mac and Bollyos. Really? Wait a minute were they in town and country? Yep. Yeah. Of course everybody went out in that place. Yeah. They well now they have a new management and the same people that handle bassite. It's a good looking shopping center but man you could have a you could have a bowling tournament and there were no problem. There's nobody in the center. Well E-Mac and Bollyos made a big mistake see they were up there and what is that really? They did a lot or hell whatever that is and we had like twice we had 2,000 people there they sold so much ice cream they almost ran out of it and but they didn't want to advertise they were very tight with their bucks and they just didn't want to you know do anything to promote it and they weren't a very that shopping center is in receiverships a matter of fact. It's almost as desperate as the one you were talking about and they're long gone up there too. I've got one of the I've got two questions real quick questions. Yeah. With everybody referring to on bird as Ed McMan to STEM make him Ed Junior. Yeah. Ed McMan Junior because we just say Ed Junior that could be our friend Ed and for a lot or they don't want to lump him in that can. And then the other thing with the with the topics it's been doing especially about the crotch watching that sounds very reminiscent of stands wearing your way to somewhere show. Really? If he criticized so much. Well as a matter of fact on Monday he's going to do a show about his wife wearing his underwear watching crotch is which is going to be mind boggling. Okay. Down and more and more like stand. There you go. Don't tell him that. Okay. Good day. 145 at Wiod and here we are man. I'm trying to just losing it. Our way here's another check. Thank you very much Gary and the money just comes pouring in here. There's another 120. So let me just add that to our total. It's almost like the jury Louis telephi. It's a race. 4359 Monday we're definitely going way over 15 grand right because I know that all the chiefs gates out there. That's it. Knock off the beeper in here too. Man, he sales people. He come in and just disrupt the whole goddamn show. It's incredible. But anyway, like I said over the weekend I know that everybody will do their homework assignment including a lot of those old parts like the ones who want to lottery. Who want to plant that money in the ground with them when they go. Instead of doing that why not each of those couples should take a grand. That would be a nice round figure right five grand. Each one of those couples right out of a thousand dollar check for Camilla sauce and mail it in over the weekend and we're not going to send them any tapes because I don't think their pacemakers could take the shock okay from the tapes. But that would be a very nice gesture in there a parting moment. Let's see, Boko on five. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay. Hey Neil, I'm yesterday morning you had a call of who was going through a term-fike booth and you started talking about the problems you had when you got off the term-fike on sunrise Boulevard. Yeah. Now I want to ask you, did you recently start taking the term-fike in the afternoon on the way home? I always take it. Oh, the reason I asked is, I drive the truck and I go through that area every day and the last two days I've seen you yesterday I weighed that you would. I think you were so caught up in steasher that you were kind of oblivious. Yeah, I was listening to that Alan Becker and I was swearing at the radio. Yeah, I don't blame you on that. Listen, I just want to give you some advice when you go through that area. Yesterday I noticed you got up and back of a gravel truck and that's two nights of a car you drive to get in back of those dudes because- No, no, let me tell you the big mistake I made. Don't get in the lane where the blonde girl is, you know, because she is no interest in giving you the tickets. This is a sunrise. Wait a minute, I'm thinking to the one where you get off. I'm talking about where you get on. Okay. In other words, where the golden blades is and you get on the turnpike and all she's doing is just handing you out the ticket, okay. But she has no interest in that. She's got a girl on the other side. You know, in each booth when they're both open. There's, you know, somebody on one side, somebody on the other. This blonde girl, she's not interested in doing a job. She is a yenta and all she went, bye bye bye bye, and she's having a personal conversation and she's like on an angle and she's basically facing the other girl, paying no attention to the cars. So like grudgingly as an afterthought, she will give you the ticket if you stare at it long enough. But somebody ought to just give her, you know, what for? I mean, she's out of her mind. Yeah, why do you don't have problems? The only problems I have when I'm getting off, especially when I'm getting off the turnpike. Are these people get up in front of you and they pay and then they go through this long feel with the girl right? Oh yeah, I do want to have a little chat. Yeah, just like it to check out on the supermarket where they want to have a little chat. I know. I have no idea what they talk about. I've never been able to figure that out. Yeah, I don't know. What would you say? I can't think of what to say to a toll booth. Well, I'm worth it. Most of them I think asked for the ration someplace that we take about a half hour to come and get a map, you know, get a map. Yeah, but anyway, that's a pretty car you're driving. I just want to warn you to stay away from the gravel trucks if I go down to especially around state road 84 area. Yeah, they will find your car bad and I imagine the hood of the Corvette. We do a number on it. That would be worse than even spitting on my car, right? That's exactly right. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, Neil, bye. 149 at WIOD flores is here, which ought to pacify these maniacs out here in the office, or just they're in heat. They're really are. They're just going nuts. And I think we'll take our last break here. None too soon, we'll come right back. Well, right here, like a river. As here is the king. I don't have a middle round much for a while, but I want you all to know what I'm doing to rock a little hand on it. All those thinking of you, there's Christmas. And I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message. I'll be as a surprise. Like how about a little please let the high go on, bye. Thank you. Oh, there's more. Walk a little slam. Christmas is a time of hoot. Time of joy. A time of love and I sure would love it. Take slides that feature you got there. Okay. What will you want? No, no, no, no. Oh yeah, Christmas. Christmas to me means family. Family means friends. The friends means getting together. And getting together means eating. All right, pass me that thumbs. Stay with you, please. Walk like you. I can't remember. And I just want to say to you right now, you know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't nobody so big. You can't reach out to help in the hand. I help in a hand. Well, would you hand me a helping those tomatoes over there, switch to believe? I'd be. I'd be very much. Now like I was playing. Ain't nobody so big. You can't just do up a friend of you know what the holiday season. Speaking of season, you won't pass me that thumbs trigger when you get a chance. Okay. Yeah, just just don't scream the color. That's right. Like I don't want to. So this Christmas, why don't you all take a tear from old animals? Now, I don't leave those steak tips right where they are. You know what I mean? I appreciate it. I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family. And you know God made man into his only match. And look in the mirror, I'd have to say God must be a big, big, simple and you know what I mean? Like you do. But I especially want you all to remember this one last thing. And you're all the home of Christmas, spring and that popcorn up on the free. Save a big big bowl for the king. Extra buttered, you know what I mean? Like you do. Like you. Like you like. You know, we just had some exciting news. Steve tells me that they're right on the verge of cementing so the striker, so to speak. And the end of January, it looks like the big day now. You want to realize, among his many talents, and we do have the awesome Jeff striker and here, which is incredible. They're selling some paraphernalia, which are, which we'll talk about at a future date. But he's also, yeah, but he's also a tremendous talent. They're so like the way that this is done there to be. We don't have time for the whole thing, but just a little piece. We know things are going right. I want my mind in a fun and it's being an outcome in the night. Good and old. We're friends. I have to walk like a candle. Now I'm a man who can't control you. Be up there. Be up there. I want my way. But you know what I mean? Be up there. Be up there. Be up there. Be up there. Be up there. Be up there. Be up there. Be up there. So anyways, I said, you're a little hit on the tell us, sir. We don't want to let the whole kid out of the bag, but that's going to be quite a show. And I may stick around for a little bit of that, you know what I'm saying? About six. So anyway, we're almost at the end of the line. None too soon. This last hour, this week. Not every day, but a couple of days boys really have been peculiar. Alright, now don't forget, you got a lot of work to do over the weekend. And I realize a lot of people already busy like with the Christmas shopping and stuff like that. Oh, you should already have it done. But most people don't. But we would like his own little gift to you from the New Roger Show to send you your very own boon in the box. And it's absolutely free. You don't even supply the envelopes. He's got so much money. It's about time they start spreading it around. And just send the, you know, your name and address on a card or a letter to boon in the box. There are Neo Rogers, W-I-O-D, Miami 3-3-1-4-1. And you will see Pat as you have never quite seen him before, thanks to Hustler Magazine. Very festive, very Christmas like. Yeah, like that. Yeah, it certainly is a perfect for the holiday season. Isn't it? And then of course, the other thing. And now do I have to go through that whole thing again. Because set quickly. It's only three steps. Only three. You think they can handle it? Three quick easy simple steps. Yeah. Even I understand this. Now that should tell you. Yeah, that if he can understand it. Even I could explain it. Any new androthole out there ought to be able to follow through. Exactly. And this is just another little incentive to get some of you cheap skates to donate money for the Camille Sounds and the Homeless. And that is to make out a check 20 bucks or more. And a lot of people have been sending more and that's great. Mm-hmm. And make it out to Camille Sounds. And then get us a 90-minute cassette. Like this set. And then step three, a stamp self at a restaurant below. Which is not mandatory. But it would certainly help. It makes our life a lot easier that way. And just send it to us. And then we'll take your tape and we'll double all that goodies on there on one side, 45 minutes of bits and stuff. And all kinds of a wonderful crap. And we'll mail it back to you. Yeah. And if you're in close and envelope, you should get a quicker. It should expediate. Expediate. What are you saying? Or it's almost like those old days. Almost like a brief newscast. Yeah. And just mail it to New Rogers, WIOD, Miami. There's that address again. 3, 3, 1, 4, 1. Okay. Yeah. Excellent. Mm-hmm. Well, that's going to do it for us. We hope you have a marvelous weekend in a great life. And all those folks up there in that horrible place at Viewpoint. Mm. Viewpoint? Is that the name of it? Is it? That sounds amazing. And Margate. Good luck to you. Okay. Hope you have a real clear conscience during this holiday season. And if you're in a paradise, do it all over your face. Okay. Okay. Steve has opened Fools next from 2 to 6. Hankwood Sports Talk at 6 and Hurricane Basketball tonight. Have a good one. We'll see you Monday morning at 10. Here on 610 WIOD.