We don't want to get you any rest and more but it's the beginning of a new week. Hope you have a wonderful weekend. And this is Thanksgiving week, right? Yeah. Thursday. And we're going to be here every day, right? I think Mikey said he was going to see this Thursday. Oh, not you. No, I come feed him. Not starting this week. I'm not being fed. I'm on my diet and I'm not going to be fed at all. So those of you are going to bring food in more power to you. But all I can tell you is that you're going to have to do a great job. I'll do it. I'll do it. Really eat for two. Oh, I understand. But it'd be prepared to go crazy from now on for the next six months or whatever. That stuff is over for me. We're a long time. I think I'm up to it. I think I'm up to it. Yeah. You've been in training. And this morning I was coming to work and I heard that new FM show in the morning, man, that is really incredible. Of course, you can't judge on one day. We do want to be fair. Don't we? Do we? No. Well, no, we want to give them a break. But let's face it. How many people does it take to do a morning show? They've got about 87 people on there. That's true. And what I really loved, I heard like a couple of spots, one in particular. I don't want to mention Southern Belle. But I heard some ads that wouldn't have been there if I was there. And I can just envision a couple of people in the building over there. Oh, boy, isn't it great? We finally got Southern Belle back because they won't advertise with you. No, who? Of course, they're not going to talk about the 80% of the rest of the business. That's going to disappear slowly, but surely. Or rapidly, but surely over the next couple of months. You mean all the stuff that's already disappeared? Yeah, that too. But anyway, good luck to them. OK, we certainly wish them all the best to luck with their 75-man show. And it was pretty music-intensive. Yeah, absolutely. Pretty music-intensive. Except when they get Harrison and they're who's selling his own sports, I guess. I guess that's why he wants to be over there. Really? Yeah. Hmm. Well, good luck to them. Oh, yeah. He had a spot for you of him football on his sports case that I was listening to. And by the way, wasn't a nice to see them run up the score again on Saturday. That was good. 44-3. Now, if only they leave a few of those points for the dolphins we'd have made. Yeah, balance. Yeah, if we could just balance them out. I know that they might be a little hard press to give up 22 points. Because 22-3 doesn't see when you're competing for that top spot, man. When they take these poles, 22 points wouldn't get the job done. In addition to which it's pretty hard to score 22 points anyways, isn't it? It can be done, but it's a awkward score. It's sort of like being number three. Yeah, kind of like that. You know, they could have, if they could have spared 4 points. Can I see the thing? Where is it? Where's the sports section from the hero? Because I want to see what the attendance was, yes. Okay. Last night. And of course, we didn't get to see it. Thank God because it was blacked out. But let's just take a little peek. Catch your blessings, I think. Okay. Good to even put it in here. It says a story on the front page. It says, doff ends not dumb. They stay home. Oh, yeah. That is. Well, here it is. 53,526. Wow. How to put it on the front page of the sports section. Incredible. So let's see, they had 11,483 no shows. That's 65. So yeah, they had about 8 to 10,000 empty. I mean, on-sold tickets, right? Well, the great thing was that ESPN got to run, we got to see an extra tractor pull. Yeah, which was like that. Yeah, me too. I like when we have the games of Black Down. Okay, it's 9, I had a 10, and a WIO, D, and a Rogers Monday show. And slowly, but surely, I don't know what's going on with these people, but it's like all days on the AM. We sit down here in most of the lines. See what we would like, ultimately, it's starting tomorrow. We don't want to be pushy, but starting tomorrow. When you sit down here at about 5 to 10, isn't it good to have every line flashing, getting, well, no, not at 5 to 10, because Mike's still doing a show. Like it's 10 o'clock when Henry starts a news. Yeah. That would be the time. Is Henry there? Well, somewhere in the bowels of the building. Henry is hiding. And speaking of the bowels of the building, wait till you hear the guest on the Bob Kunt Show this afternoon. You're right. You're right. You're right. No, Steve has another one of those incredible shows, man. Anti-sex minister, Dr. Roy Masters. I think what it should say is homophobia, champ. Dr. Rimm Masters, gay sex-fiend, Bob Kunt and sexy alien, Nadine. Nadine, I can't wait to meet her. Who's Nadine? Is he not left over from that show on Friday? I think she's our intern. Inchee the one they spare intern when they only met Nadine. Exactly. Nadine, Nadine, all right. One days to hold up the doorstep. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'll be just a dear lady in the doorway looking on. She was getting college credit for it. That was great. Well, they made her zero. I'm worth Nadine. The shed is zero. Get that even a Palm Beach lines are lit here this morning. Oh, boy. That enough to make you puke? It's probably cramped. And I do know the George Perlis is the coach of Michigan State. I'm not going to get chewed out on that again because I see the first mobile call is an MSU alumni in the Spartan 64 and one, right? Six twins in a row, baby. How about that? How when they're hot? And when you're not. Yeah, they're doing it. And they're going to be one of the bowl games, too. You know, the great thing about college ball now is everybody's in a bowl game. You finish in the top 300, man. You're at a bowl game. That's right. You know, last year about this time when Michigan State was going the rose ball. Yeah. I had you call my answer machine. You heard my wife sing the Spartan fight song. That's right. I remember that. It was disgusting. Yeah. I know. We're not going to do this year because you know, get a bowl of rose balls much better. Yeah. Listen. Oh, no. Who are they going to play? They're brown. University of Georgia and the airball. Georgia? Yeah. Oh, man. Listen, I want to tell you a weird story that happened to me. And by the way, I want to ask you to call anybody at these bags. Now we're not going to do that today at all. We had nothing to Friday to last a lifetime. I'm sad to say that recently, I had a family member, Pau Poy, and it was grandmother. And we set up the funeral arrangements early. And I'll get a bunch of old friends. Yeah. They really turned it into a circus. We rented a couple of women to take the people to the gray sight, you know. And we had a huge fight at the funeral parlor and who was going to ride the limo or not. Wow. They could have taped it and put it on her wall. They would have been gray. It was unbelievable. You never seen old people fight like this before. Excellent. Oh, yes, I have. I've been online at Morrison's. It was horrible. Anyway, this and last week when it often played the bill, yeah, I was still on the ship around this half time. But by the way, it's so quarter got around. I look for the lifeboat and I jump ship on them. I'm not a dolphin thing. Well, you give them up for land, huh? Yeah, I gave them up, man. Okay. Well, I'm sure that you're not the only one pal. But you got to hang in there, man. Look at those people in Tampa Bay. It wasn't a nice to see if any with another big game yesterday. Hey, you really had a good day. Couple of more interceptions and he completed seven out of five thousand or whatever was another big day for Vinny. Listen, go to your arms. Huh? Okay. Okay, we'll be up there, man. We're going to be there in heart. Bye bye. Bye bye. In Jacksonville. What a place to go, huh? If you ever bend a Jacksonville? That's what I got into this place. That's where I got drafted. Really? Back in the 60s. So I had very terrible thoughts about that. You know, a little blaming. Say, horrendous place. Yes, it is. It's a 1013. We have another switch, wrong switch down there again. Yeah, I just heard that barely sound on the phone. It's like old times. We're trying to sound like Gazeta 4. Yeah, it was like being a home. Yeah. But because I understand from listening that they had some serious problems at the beginning of the show, not at Zeta, which is very unusual for them. No, congratulations, Colonel. Get used to it, baby. Yeah. Because you're going to be involved in a technical nightmare that'll make new hair grow in body part on the, like on the balls of your feet. I bet he's really, I even think that's going to be today only. You know, they had technical problems. What a joke. Oh, boy. Good luck to you, Colonel. Okay, let's go to Bay Harbor. Hello. Yeah. Great. How about those dolphins? And we have to do four hours. Yeah. We can have us sports this entire day. They really should have won the game today. But look, I guess. Really? What if in should of in a bad call on all of this other, you know, when you score three points, you know, in too many games, okay? That's true. And when you got a guy like Tony Franklin kicking, I mean, to miss a 28 yard field goal, a missed day and age takes a certain amount of talent, okay? And to make it full bad, he'll direct it to second longest field goal in the league. Well, good luck to him. Because he's going to need it. That's all been re-inalled. It's been done and read done. Not first. First. What? Let me ask you a question. You say you were drafted now. What do you mean by it? I was drafted in 1968 into the Army, believe it or not. Oh, I was thinking. I kept the Vietnamese out of the war sir. I kept the Vietnamese out of Alaska. I'd say, yeah. What's interesting? I was drafted at the height of the Vietnam War, but they didn't send me to Vietnam. Oh, thank God. Okay, well, listen, have a great day, Palin. When you wake up, give us a call again a few days. 10, 15, and WIOD. I got something I can't wait to play it. Oh, good. I'm going to do it now. Because it's got that bouncy feeling at the beginning of the week. Kind of wake some of these in the end or thoughts up. I'm out. You like to smile, but I pull flowers, I pull flowers. I like you smile, really like, pull flowers. I like to smile, pull flowers. You like to smile, I like to smile. I'm flying long, in light blue sky, I'm flying long, baby, I'm keeping with her, I'm trying to fly to fly like a butterfly around There all around, there'll be around, there all around There won't be, in light blue sky, into light blue sky, I'm flying long, yes thing boy is sleeping at the lights I don't think you'd be right which light light but on the sky. Please make sure you don't go wrong Take me all home, take me all home in a way. Take me all home in a way boca, with a key Well, I like that a lot. Don't you? Very relatable. Yeah. Anyway, we've worked with a lot of boobs, so we're going to replay that this morning. 10 17 at WIO. Did we got a mobile in Palm Beach, hello? Hi, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you? Doing okay. Your name was used in vain on Saturday night. Saturday night? With the C. Mort Downey Junior. Oh yeah. Uh-huh. First thing you said is where's Neil and Steve Kane? Oh Steve wasn't there either? No. Really? Not Steve was supposed to be on that show. He said he was gonna be. They had the worst guess. Uh-oh. They were talking about men from 11 and whether or not. Yeah, it came down here to congratulate the bilingual thing and start off all over again. You know, just like Donnie, he did a couple years ago. Yeah. We don't need these carpet vagas coming into town whipping up all the emotion and frenzy and dividing our otherwise unified and loving communities, right? They were the poor scene. I mean, they wasn't even televised. Oh, really? What was it? Oh, yeah, was just a thing where they charged people to come in like a three ring circus? I think they were probably about 2,000 people there. They charged $20 a head and he split it 50 50 which we had to hit 100,000. Yeah, poor. Poor Mort. He really needs it. You know, he only made 22 million last year. Well, he needs it because his wife is the vores of them now. Oh, is that what it? Yeah, like I said, he's gonna need to bring time and get. Anyway, it was really bad. I mean, they were waiting online at what they called Microsoft. They were waiting online for an hour just to say why are we're the cameras? You know, the mentality was really poor. Yeah, while I'm glad you enjoyed it. I did not. I'm just a joke, pal. Mark LePort wasn't there was he? No, they had. Oh, it was a report from West Palm. I'm not sure what station it was. This jockey from West Palm couldn't have been leave. No, it was some heavy guy with a beard. Oh, yeah. I don't know what his name was. I know that one. But anyway, probably Johnny Rabbit. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, listen, thanks for the report and don't make the mistake again. Okay. Thank you. Good morning. Okay. Now the next call is kind of interesting. I'm gonna have to do our break first. But the next call says collects from Portland main. Oh, my god. It couldn't be someone we know. I doubt it. Okay. We have an open line in Palm page. If you move quickly where we just hung up 655 Wiod. We're just getting into it now getting wide awake and ready for a really exciting show, right? Yeah. Nadine's gonna stop in here earlier. I think before she's on with Steve. It's 1020 at Wiod. 1024 at Wiod. Now this could be the call of the day. You realize that collect from Portland main. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Glad to hear. Bob? I don't think anybody from Guy Gennett would be called you collect, do you? No. No, no, they're big spenders. They would pay for it. Well, I saw their building last night that we're number three building. Oh, it's really impressive isn't it? Yeah, oh, yeah. I think there could be number one. They shaved two stories off it. They're getting ready to tear it down, I think. Yeah. Well, I called you last week and told Joe was coming up. Are you really there because you sound you sound like you're right next door? No, I'm really here. See, these long distance calls at Bonsoth the satellite man. These are the connections that are the greatest. Do we could just talk long? I don't know. The best on the calls in town. Yeah. Listen, it's at below zero up there. No, it's supposed to be high of 40 today. Oh, right. Wow. I'm gonna be about 79 or 80 here today. The sun is shining. It's beautiful. Yeah, I heard. Yeah. I know what to feel, Ben. No, I'm flying back in tonight. I bet you're happy about that. Uh, not really from what I'm leaving for that. That must be a real cosmopolitan town portal. And now they must be really progressive thinking really open minded folks up there. Yeah. Yeah. They are really, you know, if you think about it, the downtown area is beautiful. And it's all surrounding water. You know, these water surrounding the town. So it's beautiful up here. Great. But well, maybe today, be a good day for some go for a little swim. You know, no, no, no, no. Here. I've talked over to the weird number three building. Yeah. There. Number one. Make it a suggestion. Okay. You guys take care. Okay. Have a safe trip now. Okay. Boy, he's fine. Bye. Bye. Yeah. Really sounds great on these really. It's now. Anyways, 1026 to Wild. That has nothing to do with anything that call, but I'm sure are you enjoyed it. Okay. We have an open line in Broward now. If you move real quickly at 524 a mile a day, and let's go to Miami Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, Glenn. Morning. Hi. I'm your previous caller from our last caller. The previous previous, a long time ago, on a long time listener from when you're on AM. And I wanted to thank you for wishing me happy birthday. My name is Melody and my boyfriend called and you. Are your boyfriend wouldn't be Mike Melody, would he? No. You know, in this business, there are a lot of Mike Melody's and a lot of Johnny rabbits. There are a few Johnny Darts. But I wanted to thank you for wishing me happy birthday. I love your show. I think you guys are great. And we're still looking for that. Denny Mardon is song in Oh, are you really? Yeah. Somebody is on the way. That's on the way. That's not why everybody is excited about it. But it's on the way. It's a great song. Yeah. Right. The rest of the mail gets here in the next three shifts. It'll probably show up in here somewhere. We already got a little bit of mail this morning, which I can't believe. That's very unusual. But the mail here comes in spurts and starts and another great thing that happened today, Melody. Yes. You're all you're ready for this. I'm ready. Well, really happy yesterday because I came in yesterday do a little bit of work and record and do some stuff. And they've opened the bridge on September 3, causeway. Now is that the first time it over a year, you're in a half? Well, I live right down the street from WILG. It's constantly a problem. Right. Finally, you opened it up and it's great. The only problem was when I got to it, the bridge was up. So it's like a mixed bag. You know what I'm saying? And man, I was sitting there swearing at that bridge tender. He is a slowest molasses. I know they're really terrible. Hello. But listen, I wish you guys a death. I love you, show. If you go to any other channel, you can see it. No, we're not going it. We just got here, Melody. We're not going any place. I can't believe I'd be here a long time. At least another week or two. I'll be there. Okay. Thanks, Melody. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye bye. Why is he motion-wonging? Why is everyone obsessed with that record? This is the biggest question. Many of our donors. Yeah. I don't even know what the hell of is. It's that you'll play it one time if that. Oh, by the way, I hate our records. What was it was a Guns and Roses? Remember the girl was calling it about the drummer and Guns and Roses? And I looked at the CD and it's inconclusive. It's like watching these a prud or film of the Kennedy Center. Interesting comparison. But I did see the video of Kokomo by the Beach Boys who have a new drummer. Obviously, they got into drummer because Dennis isn't playing the drums anymore. But now that's an interesting guy. Oh, well, somebody will call in and tell us who that is. Okay. Somebody like Rich Packard. You think that's great. I'd never know. You watch. He will call today and then he'll say, oh, well, you invited me to call. I heard it. You're right. You're at home. Correct. Yeah. But anyway, we better check that out. Those who are so inclined. Let's go to, and that's just for Dr. Master's. He's going to be all with Steve today. We're going to do a real, faggy show today just to get him, you know, primed. Oh, sure. Good. Good. Okay. I'm going to be mincing all over the studio and we're going to paint pictures on the walls and put up posters and all kinds of good stuff for Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, W. I.O.D. Spine. You know, how are you doing? Okay. Listen, another update on Mr. Works over there on Saturday night. He ripped you apart by people screaming. He was saying that you and Steve came where chicken deprecation. Yeah. On stage. He also could be, he said he was scared. If you got on there, you'd be, you'd kiss his warts. He said, you know, it was on here. It probably kissed me. Yeah. Hey, I got those. I got his for you work. There isn't a human creature alive who would do anything like that. Which probably wise wife is divorcing him. She probably got, you know, new glasses or something. You got to take a look at what she's married to. Listen, we were in the front row and it was horrible. Those warts. They were like just like popping off the stage. Yeah. Very huge. Well, you know, I've seen this show a little bit since we're on this new schedule. It was interesting because they had on the marquee. It said, more downy, junior warts and all. Hey, Neil, let me ask you question, did you catch wise guy last week with Alan Burke? No, we missed that. We've had at least four or five questions about it. But we missed it. It was wonderful because afterwards he went into the into the bathroom after the, after the telecast on the TV and one of the main characters smashed him on the head with a trophy. Yeah. Made him fall right in the urinal. Great. So there. Maybe they'll be writing about Alan in the Wall Street urinal next. And there we're no. Okay, Neil, listen, one thing. I don't use his boy boy to get today. Who? Don use. Who is that? Don, you. You see, uh, where do the macho was meant in, uh, Broward County? Don, use. Uh, I have no idea who the, I'm going to send you a picture and you're probably know who he is. Okay. Now, that's not the guy with a carpeting. Is it? He could be. You'll put you on a carpet. On, um, somebody, you know, I'm talking about. I thought I think we'll board up there where the guys naked on the carpet. Of course. Don, um, you'd close on the cops. He's, uh, I don't, don't write. You'll put you on the carpet. Okay. Have a great day. Bye try to control yourself. Now, okay. It's 1031 at WIOD and we have an open line in Broward where we just hung up if you move rapidly. Five, two, four WIOD. Everyone seems to be kind of mellow to the. Yeah, I was just thinking that it's funny. You should say that and also I've got your mama. So at an appropriate spot during the show. I'm ready. You can do a little newscast by Marana will kind of work into it. And then, of course, we'll eventually get these other people out of the show. They don't know it yet. And you know, imagine how many people it takes to do that morning show over there. And of course, their, their comeback would be, well, we can get half a dozen people for what we were playing you. Yeah, that's true. At about a third of a point of peace, it ought to be really good. Seriously, I mean, why do they need so many people? And especially because they're playing so much music. Got me. I mean, a lot of music, a lot of that same in fact, I punched them up yesterday. And what do you think they had a block of witch group? I'll give you 20 guesses. CC. Yeah. Yeah. I guess it's over first. Well, you don't have to have a lot of guesses on that stage. Oh, what is that? Roland. Roland, man, they were just, and I just punched that thing off so fast, and I made gutteral sounds and just spit blood all over the radio. 1032 at WIOD on somebody needs to talk desperately soon and perine. Well, I can understand living there. Hello. I'm depressed already. What do you want, pal? This time is a battlefield. I own tell me the oldest car in my parking lot of my apartment building. It's battery, do they feel? They stole your battery. So I had a call you to get pumped up for the week. I got to tell you the king and what do I do about these people? How about shooting them? That would be a good start. And then I'd be really depressed at the time. Bars, you know, and I want to help with a call. Listen, they don't have time to put you away in this town. Okay, they're busy with a lot of other stuff. Okay, I could get to a phone call. You're not really busy with these massive ongoing investigations of really important stuff. Yeah, I know what they're important stuff is. Yeah. Is there anything right? Everything's right here, pal. No, okay. Well, now I am. Okay. I gotta get that fixed. Well, that's good. I can't get it off. I can't. You're actually okay. You have a good one now. Listen, wait, maybe I'll steal maybe they'll steal the tires tonight. They probably will cause the car ain't going nowhere. Okay, good luck to you, pal. Bye, bye. And that's good. I like the guy who called from a parking ride the other day. Remember after the last week's debacle? Oh, yeah. And his car stole an after all the other. What happened? The night through? Oh, what happened? Well, that's what happens, you know, but that's why it's exciting. And I just don't understand why this town can't fill up the stadium and it's embarrassing. It is embarrassed. Right, they're playing crappy ball in the refiving seven and it's just more and more morbid each week. But that's no excuse. Now, they played, they played in Tampa Bay yesterday. Can I have that again? They played because the bears beat the crap out of me even with Tom's act. And in fact, Tom's act, like 13 and 2, lifetime is starter for the bears. I don't want to get too deep into this. But, okay, let me see. Let me take a look Tampa Bay and Chicago. It's got to be in here somewhere, folks. But here it is. Okay. Bears 27 buck and years 15. Attendance 67,000 70 in Tampa Bay, which is 14,000 more than what we had here last night. And bucks, the bucks are so intense. They're worse. Well, no, they're not de-worse. But I think there are no there are three and nine. There are game better than Green Bay and Dallas. Three and nine. But still, can you imagine if the dolphins were three and nine? What's the crowd would have been last night? I don't want to keep going on this because nothing we say is ever going to change that. It's still a bush league town and it's always going to be a bush league town and that's just the way folks like it. I guess. Anyway, Henry Burrell agrees that it's a bush league town. Henry, Henry, a standing by with the Wild news update. It's 1035. Now, because that's what this town needs is more classic crock more often. Yeah. A more music, much more often. Oh, and they play the doors this morning too. And I like the doors. Don't get me wrong. But I think they're referring back to their origins, you know, when they were doing about a one two. What is that? Well, I have a question and I'm looking at the colder charts for yesterday. Now, for your birthday this year, I gave you a horse racing animal. I'll direct. Yes. And I'm going to take out two Gulf Stream one. Go up. I would feel much more confident about picking these horses if you could bring that in here and we could play with it. You don't understand. You can't program that from the news paper. Have to have the racing. Oh, okay. Well, I'm still with you a much more confident. So we just a man who gave you horse that finished dead land Friday, by the way. Well, I'm forced to at least lead to the eighth pool and then puke. But and she just stopped to a walk gallery of girl. Uh-huh. Well, that's the least he led most of the way. Okay. Uh-huh. Well, I told you I didn't have a strong feeling. No, your horse was dead last. It was never in it was gasping for oxygen. And if anybody's going to go to a certain hamburger, join it noon. Okay. Anyway, it's 1039. Let's go to Bokanex. Hello. Hey, Neha, how are you doing? Okay. Hey, glad. Hi. Well, last Christmas. I was shopping at Bloomingdale. Bloomies. Bloomies in Bokanex. And I went up to the second floor and I happened to be walking past the dress department. Really? Yeah. Yeah. How the way these. He just happened to be. No. Who I saw in there with another guy? Oh, boy. Aren't you going to have? All right. How many guests did we get this? The first thing we get with an A? You are so good. It's not funny. Oh, well, it's what they always say. Not Alice. It is true. Alice in the dress department is that is. It's a gown department. Alice, Blue gown. Alice claims he doesn't do that. Well, he may have just been going to try one honor something. I don't know. Oh, you can buy the way. Just a girl, Alice. The drummer for the Beach Boys. Yes, the guy on four half. The TV show four half. I don't know from full house. Everybody, one of those. He's all the youtes to be on a John half. What is a boy? You don't mean black. John Stamos is the drummer for the Beach Boys. He's been touring with him. That sounds well. I looked a little bit like him. Now they always show you these distant shots. Anybody who looks good. You see it at a distant shot. You know, people like Mike Love who look like the bottom of your shoe. You see a lot of close-ups of people like that. But while we'll check that out, that's interesting. And I'd have fun to remind everybody that Rick's settlement is a fashion. Have a nice day, sir. Good day. What a call. In credible. Boy, from Bloomingdale's to Rick's side of him. We sure touched all the bases that. And wait. And don't forget on Steve's can try and show this afternoon. And Ty Sex Minister, Dr. Roy Masters, Bob Cunst. I'm just reading what it says. Game Sex Fean. And sexy alien Nadine who got tired of holding up the door. Oh, how does Bob see if they put Nadine into that show too. Then they've got John and Nadine and Ron and Mark and Mike and Moishi. And I got, they replaced us with about 40 people over there. Well, what does that tell us? So they can play all of that classic rock. How many people does it take to stick a CD and a player? A stupid engineer. And from what I heard, I didn't hear the beginning of the show, obviously. But I understand they were having a problem with those CD machines again. Boy, that's a surprise. I know that comes as a great shock to me. But during the year that we were on that station, man, they had technical accomplishments that even Mark Coney would have been embarrassed by, okay? In credible. I mean, stuff that you wouldn't believe every morning the first couple of months. Hello, are we on the air? Hello. Hello. Yeah, you know, the call sounded the one here. Today on Friday or whatever day on one call today. The first one. Hey, the first one was a picnic compared to what we used to. Well, yeah, no question. Okay, let's not, let's not look backward. Okay, let's look forward. Although it is kind of fun to rip their dead body, you know, because they deserve it. Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes. No warning. How are you doing? But I mean, no warning. I didn't even say anything. You just cut in on me. Well, that's the idea. I like to catch that when you're off-balance, when you're starting to not off a little bit. That's what we like to punch you. Okay. How you don't burn? Just great. And before you get your thoughts together, then by that time you're gone already. Are you okay? I'll make it. Oh, my day, you know. Good. I'm going to put up with these old bitties. Yeah. And I'm at my part-time job. I get to them on the weekend. We had four, eight, four parties of hate at the same time. You would have loved it. I mean, bad at it. They all had turkey. Yeah. I mean, oh, anyway. What should have been easy to doctor the food if you remember. No, but they wanted potatoes. They didn't want rice. They wanted to gravy. That's the one great thing about the old parts, man. No matter what restaurant it is, they're always in a can say on the menu. Normus, big block letters. No substitutions, please. Yeah. Don't confuse him with that. Okay. Because they're going to have their substance. No, no, I don't want the mashed potatoes. Can I have the hash browns? Can I have gravy on my puppet? Did they send everything back? No, not everything. What percentage? I would say 40 to 50%. That's pretty good, bad. Yeah. Well, and the 40 part was we sent the same thing back and they ate it. Yeah. Yeah. Always. Well, as long as you give them the feeling that they're satisfied, I'd be created a scene and they made your life miserable. That's all of count. That's right. I'm probably way in y'all. I'm one of the mess I'm covered to, I guess, I'm in the late 20s now. Yeah. Okay. Fantastic. Number 26. 20? Yep. And we're going to rapidly toward 30, man. Good deal. Good deal. Good deal. Bird. Yes, sir. What round were you drafted in? I'm around. What does that mean? He was an 18 round drive choice party down the way. Yeah, that's it. That's it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I like to make a request. My brothers are in from out of state. They haven't heard their virgins to the Neil Rogers. Uh-oh. I would wonder if you could play either a Neil headroom or a young Neil preferably young Neil. Oh, no, young Neil's too long. Oh, it goes on. But bird who's long. The birth of the bird. I mean, that is classic. You don't play it enough. That's true. If you could fit it in some time today, I'd appreciate it. Okay. We'll see if we can fit it in some time today. You're the great American. Okay. Bob. What? He's pushing people in, pushing you. They all want something. What is that? Manila Bob? That sounds like a horse had calder tomorrow. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Hi. This is Bob. I don't know if you remember when I called you, Oh, this is the guy that gave our addressed all those young ladies who were writing a pen pal letter. Oh, you did you answer any of them? Of course not. Glenn, I thought you loved Oriental. Well, we did get some good pictures, Bob. For my collection. He did save some of the great pictures. Listen, I did not put your name on the bathroom wall. Okay. That was the problem, Bob. Why do we? We are later going to be giving the telephone number for the restroom at Epcot. I'm serious. I got it right here. Congratulations on your move. Thank you. I drive around all day and listen to you. And one thing I want to tell you, if you can do me a favor, can you call out? How are you? Don't don't start now. I'm not today, Bob. Come on. Give it a rest. Okay. No disrespect today. You can call anybody whenever you want, but I'm not doing it. Okay. How are you? Good. Okay. And listen, can you have me a question? What's that? How many hands and glens, Dave? How nice day. How many everyone have said last call, by the way. Now, I mean, every day, every single day, let's get serious already. Like once a month would be good for him. We have an open line in Volca. I just mentioned this in passing. 278 WIOD. No pressure. You don't want to use it. We're not going to get upset. Like drop dead, okay. Now, I do have the men's T room number at Epcot here. And I remember when we call, we may call it little later on. See what happens. Remember when I called that? Sure. Well, but he is. Writing and writing call. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we're best. They were busy. And we got the hot line at Y100 here at WHQT Hot105. Or is it not so hot 105? Here is a Paul Lyle's answering machine. I wonder what the message is on. Wow, that could be really exciting. We'll save that for a little later in the show. 1047 at WIOD. My name is Hilo. Hi. Yeah. New first. Yes, we are. Yeah, hi. They went for lunch today. It's good. For lunch today? Yeah. Birds got a little sandwich here. And I'm on my diet today. So, um, nothing exciting. Oh. No, nothing exciting. We have time food coming in that I'm not going to be partitioned. That's exciting. That is my face. I am dull. I'm not. A lot of nails. Yeah. It's way. That's amazing. What? That's true. Listen, let me say this to you. Whether it's fatening or not, I'm honest diet. And I'm only going to eat certain. And then by the way, my mother is listening. I'll be calling her with the bad news. I'm not going to be coming for dinner. Oh, my. And, uh, maybe I'll come next week and bring my little container and let her prepare it. But I'm not going to screw around this time. I'm going to do it. And all these people that give us my own. It's okay. It's not too bad. I'm not, I'm not interested. Okay. You understand what I'm saying? I want to be surly about it. But that's just the way it is. Okay. Does anyone have your own energy and safety stand a barbry yet? No. Oh, the, um, buddy. The bunny? No, buddy. That's what his name is. Yeah. What about him? Um, but he's got it. Like he's like. Like God. He's got to see him. Like it's, it's a, it's impurity. Well, what time is that? Show, come on. Doesn't, uh, channel 4 curated 11 or something? Yeah. Well, and he's going to be on it. Like after 11 30 today. How do you know that? Have you got the script? No, but I, like I thought, I said, I'm channel 5 Friday. Well, wait a minute. That's on channel 4, right? There's no, it's on channel 1. It's on channel 5. It's a regular time. Like good luck. Oh, I see, but it's on channel 4 at 11. Like delayed. Yeah. One day. Oh, right. I see. I got you. So that's all I know is he's going to be on channel 4 on there. Let's turn off his damn thing here. Wait a minute. Like. Well, now Neil's going over to the television set we have in here. Oh, and he, like, he's like, it's better than 30. Is that possible? It's better than 30. Better than Chris, the like, remember the guy's the whiff on on another world. Like he's called himself Chris the link. Well, I don't want. All right. Well, anyhow, this was a company. Oh, by the way, stepping those back on on days. Great. Okay. Well, listen, you all have a good day now. Okay. Bye, right. Thanks for the tip. Okay. 1049 at Wild will come right back. That was that TV and that well, I just channel 476 99 99 99 that's 476 99 99 Discovery one ship's registry Panama. Don't forget column now 476 99 99 Steve K. This South Florida's highest rated afternoon talk show. Find out why we have a great day after news from 2 to 6 right here. Now more of Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 W I O D. It's 1052 and W I O D. Now is that channel 4 because we have no idea. We got all these goofed up numbers. No idea. And it's Bob you, but yeah, and we can't stand Bob you, banks by the way or that show. He's enough to make me puke. But this is card sharks, isn't it? They got people with their cash. Oh, is it good show when what was his name Perry was on? Was that guy's name Jim Ober? Yeah, Perry Colman. And another Bob you, banks, son, I will watch it anymore. Okay, be that as it may. We're getting ready for Santa Barbara. What's it comes on, man? You're going to have more silence. Now look at this. We got a homestead call on to this time. We're moving up, pillow. Hello? Yes. How you doing Neil? Okay. That is John's dam was the place of the beach. It is. Well, be damned. He plays with the beach boys, huh? Well, he, he, he, there's on the video. It is a, a science that's not a beach boy. But I guess he's playing with him. He was in the movie. Uh-huh. And the, I'll be damned. Cocktail? Cocktail. I recognize. I knew that it was somebody, uh, I'd seen before. Right. And I'll always, yeah. I'm always so busy looking at Elizabeth's shoe in that video. I never have time for much more. Mm-hmm. I caught the morning show on Zeta this morning. Great. From 545. What did you put it in a, a Mason jar? Yes. I sort of, I listened, uh, right up until they played that of, do classic rocks on the National Anthem. Yeah. And, um, I didn't understand how that fit in. That's about when I turned it off. A lot of tell you one thing, man. They're playing so damn much classic rock now. Just great. I done the, do we know where the kernel is? He can't be from this area. What do you mean he can't be from this area? He's like, from right over next door here. He used to do mid days on really? What are you talking about, huh? Where have you been hiding in a cave? I'm in home, dead out there. Oh yeah, that's a lot of that. That's a lot of okay. That's no problem. Now we understand. All right. We'll see you later. Okay. I guess you got him perished. Well, he knew when to live. 1054 at WIOD will go to Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes. Yeah. I just want to congratulate you on my patience, the least thing we're in. I'm screwed to this. It's sunrise, please. They've been out for like crazy lately. Doing one with radar and software. Hey, I got news for it. It's not just the plantation pigs. It's everywhere. They're all over. In fact, FHP this weekend was in a frenzy. And I'll guarantee you the next few days now that it's Thanksgiving. They always wait to the holidays to they know that everybody can't afford a ticket. You know, they got to take the money and go out and buy trimmings and turkey and stuff like that. And they nail everybody's ass on a holiday. So this next few days it's going to be brutal. Yeah, but my patience. I mean, you know, the new Peter's road, extension they've made with the road. They've been out there at night. No lights on in the drive through in the pasture or the country. Yeah, they do that everywhere. I mean, they do that. They do that. They do that. A brown bull of art. They just wasted pine island. There's a little little tiny bit of mud or whatever the hell it is. And they sit in there. Somebody ought to like wet it down so they get stuck in a mud. I wonder if you made a turn to hit one of them with the light on it that you'd be responsible. I don't know. I wouldn't take the chance. So I'm going to tell you probably get light. Yeah, got a great sense of humor, pal. That's all I've prepared for something. Yeah, okay. Well, listen, have a wonderful life. Thank you. Bye, bye. 10.55 at Wiod. And let's go to a four-laterdale. Hello. Oh, now. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. This is Tom, come back. Yeah, about two weeks ago. Yeah, Tom. Hey, did you go Friday night? I looked all over for you Friday night. Did I go to one? The sea old regular genus. You didn't know. Greg, we're gonna. Oh, you didn't find out what day? First of all, I wouldn't have gone anywhere to see Greg look genus. Tom, what are your story? What is your story, Tom? I wouldn't go to see Greg look genus. I don't know what you're talking about. You wouldn't go to the fashion model too. No. Oh, that's right. He was what? Oh, I can't. I can't. I've always got to find out exactly when Greg look genus was going to be at the fashion. Right. Far. Anyway, I just called to see what it was. What does it Tom, what does that mean? I don't understand. What does that mean? He's worth taking a look at. Great. Well, listen, I'm telling you, just watch the swimming stuff on TV. Okay, is on your all-a-time hour after hour in his bathing suit. I'm sure at the fashion model he always clothes on. Oh, no. Now, in fact, the auction office speedo. The auction office. What? The speedo? Speedo. Speedo, I didn't see. Oh, I see. I didn't know. I wasn't quite sure exactly what that is. I'm not going to do that bathing suit. Lingo, you know, you know, that diving lingo? How about if I said boxer you would understand that? That would have been a little better, yeah. I don't want you to get so emotional now, Tom. He's just a piece of hunk of flesh, you know? I know. There's so many in the world. That is correct. Hey, remember a couple of months ago? Oh, yeah. We got every queen in the house on a phone here today. What is his time? Is this something a special going on that I don't know about? Oh, it's a national coming out week. Must be, yeah. Hey, remember a couple months ago you had a contest. You were calling on the phone and questions the answer it on the phone? This time, man, I'm talking to anybody. Need some instant help. Are you okay? Are you sure you got the right show? Oh, he's got the right show. He's just not all himself. Yeah, there's the misgreed look gain is. And he's not going to be, uh, never be the same again. Well, listen, if I were you, I turned on channel 4 right now in what Santa Barbara will. Okay. Well, I'm still going to try and figure out what the server would put the, what's vegetable to make? Yeah, okay. All right, but I liked your time. Holy Toledo. It's embarrassing. Boy, would you call this like this first hour has flown by as in fly night? Absolutely. Now, see in a second here, you'll see what channel this is because they're giving the credits and the show is over. Okay. Well, I know that about I know that about TV that when the credits come on, then what I wasn't sure I wanted to make sure I know. Then when the show ends, that's when they come on with a little spot. I got an interview station break out. Yeah, I know. Tell you what channel it will be probably a commercial or two. And then if you see me jump and I'll see it's CBS. That's a very good home and that probably is channel 4 unless we're getting something from the States. It's hard to tell these days. Yeah. Okay, 1058. Let's go to beautiful lake forest. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Hey, bird. Yes, sir. Uh, hermit McBean will promote you all day today. Oh, what they say? Well, they got this turkey bone coming up Thursday morning. Oh, yeah. People got to bring in birds and they said, so we're all covered. Yeah, everybody's bringing in birds and, you know, if the things going to be okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Stop stealing hermit McBean's material. Like what? I do a Robby rubber song or something. Hey, listen, they they loaned it to us. Yeah. I don't seriously. I got inside to her. And they don't know how you got it. They don't, oh, well, they weren't here. Somebody else loaned it. This is channel. And if we wanted again, we'll go in there and get it again. Okay. It's good play. We don't want to be pushy, but when we're ready for it, we want it. We'll have. Listen, about the dolphins. I, uh, how does that play off that sports ball that Steve Boy hang on? Yeah. They had it on cable. And they're like two miles from the stadium. Well, I'll be damned. So it's a nice time. All our cheap skate friends with it. They don't want to pay the $26. Yeah. Well, it's here much to be in an entertaining evening, huh? Ha ha ha ha. Okay. You all have a good day now and call us again some year. Listen, we're at the end of this hour. Well, I'll tell you these flavored crisps. And I've only had like a dozen of them because you can only have these are excellent. They really are. Especially in lieu of anything else, man. It's fantastic. Okay. Henry Burrow standing by with more WIOD news, whether you want it or not. And then we're going to come back at 11.05 for our number two. And in the next hour with this audience, please boot shop just a little bit. Oh my god. Kind of a country flavored of this show this morning, notice? It's 11.07 at WIOD. We're back for our number two. We have Santa Barbara on the Sony. That wasn't even channel 4 by the way before we saw CBS come on. And right away I said, hey, we know we're on a right channel. Which channel 6? I told you, you can't tell in this market anymore. Not even January. That's right. And anyway, which side is up? All right. So anyway, we managed to find a right one. And as soon as we saw Pam Salz, we knew it was channel 4. Okay. Eight minutes after 11 at WIOD, we got a couple of brown lines that are suspiciously vacuous at the moment at 524 WIOD. We'll go to Boker. Hello. Hi, I'm doing the Elephant Engineering Buddy. How you feeling today? Okay. Listen, I got a couple of reports. First of all, on the saw grads, watch out for those cops, they hide in the third area. And as you drive a pass, if you're speeding it, like I wasn't this one occasion and I don't play my self at it. But they have a speed track there and a cop just pick you up after the speed gun goes off. So kind of keep our sharp eye on the saw grads. Okay. I think I ran over your sharp eye on the saw grads a couple of weeks ago. Oh, I had a learning show about two weeks ago. He had talked about sweet and low, right? And the days when you guys were on WIOD, see? He said a week before you started your sweet and low thing, he had gone through the routine. He had said that nobody was interested. Then all of a sudden you went through the routine. That is correct. And it was only to know how to do it with a free look. I was a verified that. That's all right. Okay. He said, well, that story enough to tell you told us story about 4,000 times, right? He just said, well, you know, when you develop an audience of people who live on sweet and low, why would he got his response to that? Okay. I think it's perfectly normal. So he put them to their body parts. Okay. Three is it. Do the birth to any newscasts, because I heard Friday, he was supposed to know he's going to let's come and up. Just try to control yourself. When you would strikes this and we have enough time to squeeze it in here, we'll do it. Okay. And finally, I've been going to Pomp and O'Park the last time. You don't like to talk that much about Pomp and O'Park, you know, that David Steffin. But you keep tracking on harness racing at all? Not on Pomp and O'Park. No. Okay. Do you have any tips like when you go spend the night there? So how do you put it? They go to spend the night there? Yeah. Yeah. Take a long your pajamas and make your food fresh and be a good idea. That's as far as predicting horse because they have nothing as far as predicting the program is useless and only takes the favorites. Those two sheets that they sell on the outside are totally pathetic. They don't pick any winners or anything. And in the old people always mugging your friends and take a look at your sheet and then they end up missing five or six to the rate. That's the way it is at home. So do a lot of old people on look at your sheet. Okay. Have a good day now. Just bet on Bill Fae. Okay. Thank you very much. You'll take care of it. Wow. These people today, I'm not sure what your story is. And look at all the open lines all of a sudden we were doing great when the news came up at the top of the hour. Like about two thirds of the colors disappeared. And they usually come back. You don't think but I don't think so. You don't think they ran out to the store to buy batteries. I don't think not today. Okay. Anyway, in date County 751 Wiod and Broward 524 Wiod. Maybe they turned on Santa Barbara. Maybe that was a bad idea. Especially this crowd. We don't need the sound on this show. We don't have the sound. You don't need it. And this douchebag on here, he used to be the one with a mustache in the beard. Oh, God. He used to be on another world or something. You notice how these people like interchange. Yeah. And it's like musical chairs. They've gone keep the shift in around from one show to another. It's like this jockies. Yeah. Pretty much the same. Stop my amy. Hello. Hi there, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Hi there, birdie. How are you doing? I don't think I answered a birdie. No. How are you doing, birdie? Oh, hi. Fine. Neil. I just want I guess Santa Barbara brought here. Yeah. And is this the guy that's talking about it? No, this isn't the guy. But just keep watching. Okay. I'm not talking anymore queens to that. Had enough. And the steam has got the Bob Quinn stunt today. That should be our quota for the day. Okay. I'm not talking anymore of these limppers. I'm serious. What is the show turning into, man? This is the beginning of our third week. Everything's been going great. And all of the thud, never you boys. Today, sounds like this. What is that all about? I mean, we don't want to discriminate. Look at this. Here's a cross dressing call from Kiba's game coming up. I don't like it. No, let's get serious. Okay. Let's try to butcher this show up at least one or two degrees. Okay. Yes. Man, what are the guys in sports talk going to be saying tonight? When you're in Barast it really shows you a lot. All right. Let's take a break and see if we can't butcher up at least two or three degrees. That's not fair. This crowd. It's 11 12 at WIOD. Hello, I'm Saul. And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about our special place. Just a short winter. From New York, he's the volcano. That's right. I want to go to get a base of it all. That was that in the volcano. He can feel them being. I love that stuff. Why is shuffleboard if you wear? I got a nine go for Saturday months. Or for the food on top of your tears. I hope it's kosher in the volcano. Sky top and Barclay. Camel back and was killed. My daily and Johnny said she been making her own here. No, let's rock and cresco. Oh, we let's go home. Get into the volcano. No, we'll have some lives and then we'll see our shows. With Tony Orlando. Get a hot shake. You're for a champagne. Sit by the pool and act like a club. Let's get the chicks who can meet a nice girl. Over by the exercise of the volcano. Sky top and Barclay. Camel back and were killed. My daily and Johnny don't forget making her own here. Spread rock and cresco. Oh, we let's go home. Get into the volcano. We'll have some lives and then we'll see our show. We're Tony Orlando. And a poker no let's call it if they get you I don't I got my teeth in a little bag with the water and the effort and the effort and And the effort and again it's a lot of 17 a different and city Now if you see the video the Beast Boys video Cocomo and then you hear this then it has like a little extra meaning I see you know what I'm saying and you see the video. Yeah, okay Well, let's go back to the calls now. Let's take our lives in our hands and go to Miami. Hello Yes My own God. Yes The editorial page on the Miami Harold. Yes mentions about the odd style sees that has a pre-named Rubio and he Sex molester of children and now they're sending a moment to a year in the sabbatical I Distraise from yeah, okay Thank you so much first you get down on your knees okay 11 18 W-I-O-D I'm telling you that church man, they got a sense of humor or what Huh In fact they would kind of fit right into the way this show has been going today. Yeah, anyway We've got dolphins info from boonton being a boy this could this not wait a minute they hung up Thank God boy. Let's count our bless. Yeah. Thank God for that wow we have an open line in date where that Geary-entric the endrothal just hung up about 10 seconds ago 751 W-I-O-D Man we started out great this morning. You know it yeah We're lit up like instantly and everything was going along for about 45 minutes and man it about a 10 to 11 Right around there and we hit a Rick wall by the way we don't need any dolphins information. I just may we don't need any more talk about The dolphins are about Tony Franklin or about marina or any of that okay? Uh-huh In fact tonight six o'clock. I'm sure that there'll be a lot of gnashing a teeth on sports talk and everybody be hysterical Call in and go crazy. Yeah, okay leave us alone please Now see these people keep calm on that line eight and they we put them on first every time Why I don't know because we feel sorry for them because I call from four peers I'm not gonna do it. I'll let him wait a while. Let's take the cross dressing call from Kiba's game. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yeah This is fiery porn. I don't know anybody's up. I told you last week. I was listening to how And he was talking about cross dressing and drag great and terrific. Oh well In other words, you didn't want to strip the issues. That was just all. I he was talking about you Yeah, and he said that what would Neil look dressed up as a woman and he said you would look like a white Nellicarder. Yeah, we already had that all a Friday. Yeah, I'm sorry adding how it was it was just as amusing on a Friday as it is today Well, I'm okay. No, that don't take it personally. Don't get sensitive, but you know Alice is out of control And obviously paranoid about what's gonna happen over there with the next book comes out so good luck to her Okay, I got another information for you front of mine work production for the open John video When you like a lot. Oh, yeah Most of those dancers are just young Cuban kids here from Miami. Yeah, that's what I Had the feeling that was true. Yeah, they're just local A lot of them are in dance classes and things They're in what dance classes. Yeah, like at U.M. Yeah and all around that different Belly Places and okay, well, we'll be sending our search party out today. Okay. Okay. Good luck We'll let you know oh there he went real quick. Yeah, yeah, woo hmm okay two up at lines in date County 751 Odo is the audience is working see on Monday used to start when we did the morning They would start our very very slow. Yeah a couple of hours of prodding They would finally make a comeback and it's sort of similar here It's that what you know. It's not know what I'm saying here. It started out great. Oh Like on the other way. But every minute well you're right pretty soon. I'm gonna be pick up a phone and it's gonna go Like that Ask L if he can say talk net What does that mean? It's an oath from Nick on there. I have no idea what that means. We'll find out Okay, let's take a call from Ford Pearson breakdown already. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I just first I want to let you know it's uh brother all introduced me to your show about three months ago and I've I've converted up here. Great show. I heard a gentleman call in a few minutes ago about the incident in the restaurant with the elderly people and I just wanted to know Know your opinion. I want all of my to listen There's all life and I were in a restaurant here a few weeks ago And the the couple they're they're dying in two couples are dying together They get through they didn't bother to tell the waitress. They wanted to separate checks and then when they finally got the separate checks We're still waiting to get out of the place and They fight and they fight and finally we found out the whole fight was over is that One of the parties had an extra drink on their ticket that the other party should have paid for And they just irritated the hell out of me that's the one of them when just say no problem. I'll pay for you my friend Why can't I pay for? And they just irritate the hell out. I'm gonna want them all just listen to understand that okay I'm glad you got out of your system feel better now. I feel wonderful. Okay. Thank you a lot. Bye bye Now listen, I had we always pick on a French Canadians and justifiably so because they're cheap They're disgusting. They drive under 10 miles an hour and they just make them make a mess out of this town every year for about three four months Sure, but I'm gonna tell you something the other Canadians are no picnic either And I've been seeing a lot of Ontario plates lately usually you see these Quebec plates like crazy This year for some reason a lot of Ontario plates They couldn't drive their finger in their earlobe. Okay. That's how good they drive and this morning I used the turnpike to come to work. Okay. It was great no big long lines at the Told booth and it were about three four cars ahead of me Unfortunately the car right in front of me had an Ontario plate and it was this old old old old Mufus the like couple And got only knows what they gave it to the tool booth probably was like you know 55 cents and they give them a $10 bill And the guy gives them change now. Even at least he had singles. Okay. Didn't have a five Now they're sitting there and keep in mind. It's rush hour. I'm not saying it's all jammed up But there's people behind me and just about everybody's got to go to work or someplace They're sitting there counting the damn change I mean it's one thing to be feeling the change, but to be counting the change. Oh Well, yeah, yeah, and I laid on it And all of a sudden he woke up and took off like a bad out of hell. You know about two miles an hour It's like when you see that Ontario go back to Canada. Okay. Here we stink in one Yeah, go watch hockey night in Canada or something When you see that license plate. It's like a light bulb goes on. Oh, man They can't talk about slow and cheap and just a man what they bring here the only thing they bring here our hemorrhide That's the only thing they contribute to this town Anyway, it's 1124 a WIOD will come right back. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers It's 1127 a WIOD now. That's a good question. Is that a guy in drag? Yeah, look with like wig on Looks very fast, Rela Okay, those of you want to do a little homework here. You can turn on Santa Barbara on channel four And watch along okay, because it's last half hour supposed to be the real momentous occasion. Oh alleged All days for this to happen. I know okay. Okay. Well, we'll get it out of our system all in one day I had a good idea. Great. Let's go to Inverari. Hello. Hi Neil. Hi. How are you? Okay. Hi Glenn. Hi Sorry my voice is so rough. I was at the game that we don't want to talk about last time That is correct So I'll talk to you about what were you yelling about last night? Because I always yell I don't care if they wear a loose. I just like screaming everybody I understand that you know there's we're in a great section though. They're real routy. So I Definitely let my vocal cords do the talking and say But I wanted to tell you I go down to the keys on the weekend and we pick you up one There's way down there. You know, that's what everybody says they say the station booms into the keys This is the beginning of our third week. We have yet to have a call Right from anybody in the keys. They can call collect they could call right now. I'm going by a Wild I'm gonna tell them because I I'm working a dive stop down there and we boom it out and This is like this is there being converted Neil because they don't they listen to the country station down there Oh, that's it. Oh, yeah And that's it yeah You would think they would listen to Miami radio well, they don't pick it up I mean I can't you can't pick up any of the FM station down there right we know that and And WS didn't go down there no Cover Miami. No that FFG I guess is the country one in the keys. Nice to see you Okay, I don't want but I'm a first time caller and I would never listen to a and before Well, that's great. You believe it 25 years down here and I let listen to the AM Isn't that something where we really feel like we made quite an accomplishment If we ever get a call from the keys it'll really be great. I'm not gonna hold my breath Because I've had this on every station ever when I was on wins it was the same thing and then when I was on FM and now here And regardless of whether the signal is good bad or mediocre They just there's something about those people in the keys man. They are not into Whatever we're into They're not into Ranked 88 yet. Yeah, they're both lovely down there. Yeah, they're a little passive Yeah, well, they're you living in a Ron Harrison, so you know what he expect Exactly exactly exactly exactly that's why they too. Oh my that's why I don't listen to AM radio Okay, well listen you have a great day. Okay, bye bye It's 11 30 in WIOD and we're still checking out Santa Barbara and boy if that's a guy We're a big trouble. That's a guy used to be on another war. That's not the game another squirrel And Stefan always back on a days of our lives man. You still popper people you must be Must be a rough couple of weeks. They're going nuts. They're bringing back all these dead characters. Wow To get great make only do that on TV Well if you listen to software to radio I want to mention our friend the dean, but that should give you something to think about yeah, okay Carphone and Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, hey deal. Yes, sir. Listen how you died coming boy. It's great man I'm telling him sitting here and I'm feeling great. Hey, listen his eyes this could be a Christmas present for all of us when Steve doesn't interview with you on how you die it's doing and how much better you feel when you lose all your weight? No That's gonna be something else. No, let me say it again That would be in the aodles of all of what can't history. Well good luck to you sir. Thank you Good comments speaking of aodles good luck to you pal Okay, we're still waiting for our first call from the keys, okay I mean, I don't know why you can go through this, you know, because they're not gonna call They're not listening now. They're not gonna call They don't want anything to do with us or anybody else north of Monroe County. I don't think they're up yet Hey, okay, I don't think so. Okay. You can call us collect now. We're not gonna trace the number We're not gonna get all antsy six five five W-o-d or two seven eight w-i-d there's almost never anybody on those lines anyway. No, I don't see anything happening to them Wait a minute the vocal lines flashing now Crank I'm crank. I'm curious about one thing when we do screenless, which I think we're gonna do tomorrow We need to have a break in the action Great, well we do screenless. I don't think I can punch these up. I think I got a punch him down here first and then punch him up here If we do a screenless thing In other words, if they're ringing, I can't punch it up on here and capture it I can I believe that can you really well we'll find out we're gonna do screenless tomorrow So you can take a nice rest okay. It'll be great. You can you and Roger can have a little see-stop You'll notice the energy levels different oh yeah different we do screenless then we you see some action. Oh, yeah, this is all like Okay, let's go to Miramar hello Hi Neil yeah, hi are you today. Okay. How are you today? Hey, I'm fantastic I've been listening to you for a long time this first time I've ever talked to you I'm trying to convert my wife From up on the am and I centered the public's the other night to get some butch beer and she couldn't find it Yeah, so if you could maybe play that commercial and color a douche bag. I think we okay. Well listen have a nice day pal Want you want me to play it call her a douche bag Stand on my head eat for gribbinous while playing how about a gila on my What was the guy Zomfier on the pan flew Do you have a problem with anything else pal now we can do for you we have an open line in date 751 Wild and one in Broward believe it or not five two four Wild this is a very strange day yeah very strange it's 1133 and we want to invite you if you haven't the decided what you're gonna do for lunch yet Head over to the char hot right in your neighborhood. Yeah. There are six char hot locations in San Florida soon gonna be seven They're in four Latterdale sunrise tamaract Davy Hollywood Miami and coming in December in Margate Wow Uh-huh boy and boy if you want to grate the hamburger cheese burger that fantastic Italian sausage chicken breast the best onion rings in town You'll find that in lots more at char hot another created their own money that you can spend in their restaurants For hats t-shirt Sony FM walkman radios from overseas electronics and BMX bikes and skateboards from international bicycle shop I take kitchen radio is from Altabin Markton on federal highway in Fort Latterdale the home of surprise shopping and more So you get over to char hot today for a fantastic lunch or dinner or light night snack in telemoccal neocentrubide to char hot Good morning. I'm April work discovery one I mean it's been nothing for back until down to about 30 seconds man. What is it you want to say? You're really cute. Have a bad 10 seconds. Those and you said the rumors in the in-new and those that's all All thank you for your call hours seem like minutes with Steve King we tap your news at two on news talk radio 610 You I O D and of course today minutes will seem like hours when Steve hosts Dr. Roy Masters Bob Cuntston A Dean's gonna be great to see her again. What a trifecta that is yeah, I wonder if a Dean can stand in the doorway and hold that door open That's pretty heavy door 1253 a W I O D here's a doc in Miami hello Larry Doc Did I do something wrong? He's not there. Okay, let's go to a bokeh. Hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? We're doing pretty good great hours call our suck, but we're doing great Well, I hope that I don't suck, but you know I'll leave that to you in the world after a hang-up just remember it's a free country Sir Saturday was down at the franchise show at the dinner key auditorium and I saw this little kid walking around carrying telephone books and I thought it was Very strange for a solid he was walking with Bob Mayer who was doing interviews. Oh my And it's true you've said it for years. Oh my Oh God, come on was Mike Spindell really down there Oh, there's John Mike Spindell with him, but I'm not positive. I don't know what Mike Spindell looks like Johnny D Johnny D all I'm just walked in the other room. I'm sure that I really mean so lot to you, sir Oh, it does he used to be on the old East station. That's right. He's been on every stage Every stage I've ever worked for or he was even on the police station Police squad. Yeah, well Johnny D You know, it's nice that you're there, but please stay off the air We're gonna get Johnny a job at a big station in Xon Pump your own right there you go. Yeah, let's not get into that okay. I tell you this call is pretty good I mean you're actually alive and with an IQ of over one right well the bird didn't like me last week What you did something? I bet you did something now I just said that I have a lot more things to say but I'll let it go for another phone call and when I hung up you said that was a good decision Oh, that was it that didn't like you Yeah, well, you know, it really sensitive now. It's a little too sensitive Right, see this is part of the sickness first you become sensitive then you become chronic And then you get hung up on is what happens after that. Oh, try to control yourself Just once a week that's all I call okay? Like most people in our audience once a week. Yeah, yeah, I'm trying for more, but my wife I know like once a month Yeah, okay, well, that's been great. Let's not spoil it. Have a great day. We'll talk you next week Bye. Thank you so much for a lot of Dale. Hello. Oh, yeah, how you doing? We're doing it all right I want to tell you something you know when I used to call over to the other station on the FM And I get there was an in captain and senior over there captain and she'll me oh yeah And he you would be saying that the at one point that maybe there were no phone calls and I would call in and the phone would be busy You know, I think you would do a sabotage job on you over there Come on Now what do you know? I've a does he was just busy. He was eating a lot and lying on the floor and he had a lot of other stuff going on He didn't I don't think I kind of got to let me say this to you when we did screamless and he didn't have to answer the phone Right, he was in heaven man because he didn't like in fact many times he'd be in the studio Will send a phone would be ringing off the hook. Yeah, I think he was a captain though for sure Another thing My grandfather wants to ask you question the answer question. Yeah, Bob on your grandfathers grandfathers Yeah Boyk okay You're lucky it's almost time for your metamusyl break okay All right, we have an open line in Broward moments ago was in the last to go was in the last half hours So at five two four wio d if you want move quickly get in beyond line during the news They'll keep you out of trouble and they'll keep you on air for a long time trust me Let's see we just did that one here's a a Falcon fan on two boy you talk about desperate You are joking aren't you sir. Oh brave man too Wow good like to you very can see all those brave's man You hear the rumor that Ted Turner's gonna do the games in black and white this year No, hey, but I got a w ideal w i o d's fiery point now, okay Bird is really a secret not the agent You're around second someone's knocking my back door. Okay. Good luck. Yeah boy. I'm telling you you're right We got a ball of colors here today Off center yeah They are trust okay. I listen if the broad is listening and I hate to use that term It's a demeaning term and I mean it to be because she was a lady when she called But in my opinion she's a broad now because she gave us a bum steer we just wasted An hour yeah, I mean I'm not saying that we wouldn't have to sit here anyway, but with that thing off It's a lot less draining And there was nobody on Santa Barbara that was even remotely Interesting other than maybe the guy that you thought the woman that you thought was a guy or something like a guy of me in a dress or whatever, but there was nobody worth looking at on a show That's what is she talking about Maybe she's talking about Pam saws being Gordon Steve lady I mean your taste is in your earlobe, okay? Or maybe in some other part of your anatomy but certainly not in your mouth Terrible Nobody on there. I we've got a pizza parlor on one hello Hello, is this Neil Rogers? Yes, sir. This is Luigi's pizza, but in the worst pizza parlor in the North Miami area Yeah, Luigi. How would we bring you some food? We just came up with a new type of pizza. What is it? You got arsenic? No, no, I'm not an arsenic and you're not letting it in the answers to play with okay? It's a New York deli pizza. It's a combination of corn be the strumming sour crap must it wrapped in a Pizza show Good what sounds great Like to bring you some up okay, right open about a couple of weeks. Yeah Well good luck to you all right. How do we get some up to you? Well, I probably bring him here will be the best way And we'll have our anytime anytime you want oh, okay, we're on the floor. We'll drop some more tomorrow morning Okay, we're in the county square shopping center. Thank you Good luck to you, sir. Thank you. Okay, and the thanks for the plug little serious there Well, he was serious to get himself a good plug And like I said you're gonna be eating all the food that comes in from now and the Wild staff Maybe some of the animals from GTR might participate. I'm ready. I can't help it Because I can't do it anymore. I'm on my diet as of today. Okay, I'm not going to bend or yield if you pardon that expression For anybody regardless of anything. Okay. Okay. How come a lot of great sponsors out there? A lot of great food people and that's wonderful, but they're gonna have to wait until I'm a slim and trim What are you trying to say they got a long wait? Is that what you're saying? Okay anyway, we're gonna check things out. We're gonna see if we had to write channel in the right soap During the news break and then we'll come back for our number three at about 12.07 I think in the next hour because noon is a very heavy news intensive hour. Yeah, we might bring out your mama All right, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'll be bored from the bird during the new hour. I'm ready and the stick around I forget Steve with that incredible limparous to show coming up a few years ago Man 4th order. Yeah Rogers continues after a number news update on news talk radio 6th double ui-o-d Hand on Dale hello, hey, Neil what's up man not much. I need to do me a favor man. I'm writing this paper Yeah, man, dad of that school. I need some comments from a couple guys in the radio industry about date county radio You guys want to throw away away. What do you mean date county radio what does that mean? Well, I'm doing a thing on date county in the medium date county about sucks. Yeah, that's the newspapers and the television No, sir not the newspapers the news paper singular news paper there is only one paper at least another I want five weeks in here. Well the news have begun in January, but that's correct But I was wondering if you guys can you know just throw out a comment you know I can quote you miss a thing I got someone from the radio no How come it about one Something about what it's like working in date county radio it's like trying to wake the dead Okay, you like that comment it's pretty good. Hey like right. It's like trying to do a radio show in a funeral parlor All right, I'm a jury. That's a good comment. That's a good comment bird you got a comment two sources better than one About date county radio yeah The programmers in this city seem to be a sleep Brain did brain did they only seem to they don't to anything fresh or original they only seem to copy right That's why they take my show so they can take bits out of it and probably gonna steal them Yeah, I'm going up to a Geneva backup to a Hobart College, man Wait hey, I know that well, yeah, they've been to the oop no The bar up there, no, yeah Okay, all right, and you have a good time. I'll take your room. Okay. Take your jammies. Yeah, that's a raw guns 142 a W-I-O-D wonder how albires this enjoy in the show today That's the I heard that's you the rape lab Isn't that incredible talk about juvenile man to sit there and take the show all four hours day after day again It's just a rumor. It's just a rumor I think what that's all we hear through the rape by just a rumor. I hate to say it, but there's some they need some other Technical and get a life is what they need in poor if they work a little more in a transmitter It's better than it actually, but it's still kind of like One That's why they only got those old people listening man. They keep their two-olded reach over and turn the dial The last thing under crystal sets But it'll all be a mood point when they change that other rumor that was going around for while air by like changing the host and Doing automated talking stuff in it just a rumor. I don't know anything about it. No. I just heard a nasty rumor That they were gonna go like almost automated on a m which they're close to that now anyway Especially with that Debbie Ellis on four-laterdale hello You yo Uh, Glenn and uh, Glenn and Tenea this lemme oh yeah. Yeah, this real all right listen. I want thing to say First of all Wait wait wait wait wait a minute. You say you got one thing to say one thing and then you said first of all You know see I have a feeling you got more than one thing to say Well, it'll be it's for you. It's a bad call, but Because it's good okay all right first of all I like to say to others Sunday post smoking drivers and Obedies the niche that net all right now wait a minute. Is this called around five Is that where we are next said you're boring sir Well, that's just life well he thinks oh, I like to go far. He's gonna give you a chance But so far he thinks you're terminal and then he's going into a coma Okay, no by the way before you go on can we say we have an official announcement here at Wild we have just decided For future reference because they do tend to be very sensitive over there at the W snooze We are going to change their call letters officially to match their demographics So no longer be WNWS it'll be WOLD Harry shaded would be proud of that And then you can't get any older than that. I'll tell you that old radio that should be another comment The guy who's writing the paper yeah, you know date County radio in one word. Oh, yeah, go ahead I'm sure no You know Best of I'm gonna bring a record in New York In Neil on a tape and having the The money that's paid for the tape. Yeah, going to come know us off. That's great Well, that is a good idea. Did we do that once upon a time we may pass it about it? No, we did that We were still sending the cassettes out that was different in the last phase of it and we said like for 10 bucks or more donation In the middle of the house will send you a cassette. Yeah, we had thought of it But the problem is we're not really big on cassettes yet give us give us a chance Okay, that'll hold a bunch of new stuff here that we could put on a great to serve. Can you or I? No, I understand that no, that'd be great Well, I like to say it's all those brain dead. We're gonna do it Humanitarian right he would love to do it. I would love to do it. He would race a lot of check. Oh by the way I'm just glad you mentioned that we I may all the all the checks on Friday We had almost $1300 Wow for Camille, Wisconsin we got some more that came in today. So Well, you're gonna well $200 check coming from me because No matter what the people say about you and how they treat you you're doing a great job and And the people in the community appreciate it and I appreciate it. Thank you. Your suggestion is valid for we will consider it Thanks a lot, okay, okay See he may have been boring, but at least he was valid his heart was in the right place 145 at Wiod and we'll go to West Palm next on eight hello Hello, yes, sir. Neil. How are you today? I'm doing okay. Listen. I'm a first-time caller and I just wanted to welcome you back to the AM I used to listen to you when you were over on Brand X whatever they were Just happy that you're on AM because you seem so stifled over there They we didn't know we didn't seem as stifled we were stifled well they they cut out all the great stuff that made you wonderful That is correct like she'd like to show Speaking of People as you were before being stuck in this West Palm market I'm forced to deal with the man named Lee Fowler. Oh Speak that louder, sir. Yes, please foul. Lee Fowler. Do you pal? Speaking of copy I have Lee's resume here right in front of me and boys the picture is incredible It's nice everything you do. I mean he goes up up up up up up up up up up up up up Well, I'm not sure he does everything I do sir, but I'm you know, he might tell us Someone in the building who's in a position to know We'll check it out don't be too sure of anything this point Boy, I'm telling you Steve is full of it today. He looks like he swallowed four canary She won't think about Steven Lee man. I got this gossip line going it is the greatest thing I mean stories that haven't even been invented about about broadcasters who haven't been born yet They got done it's great and Bird to you. Yes, sir. I'd like to welcome you back to the AM also and I always thought that you were a great added feature to Neil show. Well, I appreciate it sir And what do you think that kind of like in past tense? Well I spoke to the bird once while you were on vacation a few years back. Yeah, there are a lot of people to do that That's well, I'm away Well, you wouldn't feel hung up on me once before because I was so terminally Discussion yeah, when you're still a little borderline terminal, but you're a good guy Well, that doesn't help my my radio any but no help your show Listen thanks to your show you you keep me sane and Everybody will be picking you up again. Okay. Okay. Well, I missed three pickers. Thanks a lot Okay, and I hope you and Lee have a great life together 148 at Wild will go to Miami. Hello. Yeah, how you doing great? Neil. I took your advice. Yes. I went to a melting pot and Neil I got new to the appetizer the cheese. Yep, it's incredible is the best. Yes. The white chocolate Fundus dessert. Yes, yes, Neil the end the middle part of the dinner Neil who is Greece. It was gross. This guy called me before one time. You told me where the phone call I have never told you before because you don't you don't understand how to use the peanut oil. What do you do take a bath in it? No, I just I Be with the waiting for the do I let me tell you something. I want tell you something. Okay melting pot has been with me for About I don't know what two three years now and I don't I think you're no second one the first complaint was by some guy Who was too lazy he didn't want to cook his own dinner. Okay, so the food was great He just didn't want to cook his own day. I wanted somebody else to do it for him which shows where he's coming from Yours is the only complaint ever ever had about the food Well, let me make a suggestion tell you you don't have to have the entree when you go in there I mean if you're just not disposed to the peanut oil or whatever go in there and have the cheese there Have this with the cheese and they'll give you extra bread and vegetables and fill yourself up on it And then have the white chocolate dessert It was tremendous it was great right? You know, I don't eat the middle part. Okay No, I suggest yes How about the condoms on again? They got that next door. I don't know if we got time to go grab that so to speak come on Yeah, all right. We'll see if Nick and get it for us. Thanks right. Okay Boy after he rips the Really rip it he said everything was great except that one morning meal he didn't like well, listen don't get that part again Do you think we can get that cart? You don't know well if they're in the right mood. They'll give it to us If not we don't really give it to him anyway because it guy was kind of certainly to begin with yeah It's 150 10 till 2 at W i o d W i would be our page you need your own team and any give us these little GTR things and You know, you'd have no idea what you do with them But they're cute so don't be rude because he's gonna go next door and bring us the condoms on Don't you put these on your fidgetary? I haven't got any idea Okay, I can tell you where to put them 153 at W i would even just kind of like this pregnant pause because we're waiting to see his body flash in front of the window again If he's gonna bring that in that Johnny D. I tell how long is it about a minute and a half Well, what listen we'll start another call and then if he brings it back in we'll hang up on a caller Boko hello Yeah, I know it I knew that bokeh man Seriously bokeh today has been like the douchebag line Yeah, but at least I admitted pal, okay Excuse, Pembroke pine, silo. Thank you, Neil. Thank you Great well, we got him here. I'm glad we decide to take one more call. Uh-huh Wow moral geable silo Yes, Neil, how are you? Okay, I want you to do stagger from okay Okay, I'm another convict from daddy. You do stagger from in the morning And I was wondering if you had gotten a fiery port on the Morton Downey show the other night Yes, we did way back at the beginning of the show today we did Or on star I was in crayon's I worked down he took a Steve and I he took our names in vain and we're gonna rip him a new butt Okay, all right after he writes us out a check for 10% of his 22 million We're gonna rip him a new butt works at all Listen, I just want to say one thing I do go to the University of Miami Which I know is one of your favorite schools in the world Yeah, but we're not all dispenser. I just want you to know I'm not gonna play you're making Bob sled Johnny get that out of here. Well, yeah, I don't believe you brought that over here That in get out of here. This isn't GTR We're not a bunch of but slime ball listeners out there like they do we don't thanks a lot for the time to say out of your students Thanks for the card, but don't over just bring what we ask okay No, I'm Bellish okay Johnny is so emotional, you know But I worked too long in that building it rubs off on you and roll the squirrel Okay, it's 155 at Wio do we want to thank our dear friends next door at slime ball wg We're releasing this again Come yeah We You better you, the rubber, cause they can't give you one to play. Cause they can't give you one to play. The public service message of the Rock and Roll animals at 97GTR. Thank you so much Scott Chapin. We have his brother Harry going to be on a show tomorrow. That this thing. This thing you will be. And I do mean old man. Look at those demos, baby. So listen, I hope you enjoyed the show today. Can you imagine having a tape a show every day for four, or at least he gets to tape an entertaining show? That's true. Can you imagine like if he had a tape Debbie Ellis or something? Or Alan Burke? Uh-huh. Who is a friend of W.I.O.D.? Don't forget it. Okay, don't start knocking the door. Yes, dear friend. Or how about the Orny Sochens show? Wow. No, now we never really got a definitive report on Ernie there. And we had two conflicting calls. One of whom said that Ernie said that I got fired everywhere that I worked, which is untrue. And the other caller who said that Ernie said wonderful things about us. That's right. I have a feeling that truth is probably somewhere in the middle. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like he ripped us for half of the show. And the other show defended us rigorously. Yeah. Okay, should we take one more? We got time here. We could take this call from Hollywood. What do you think? Well, Lee Foller would say, what do you think? What do you think? Okay. Okay, Hollywood. Hello. Well, now that was the right decision. That one. No, by me. Be. Hello. So are you today? Okay. Oh, Neil. Have you ever heard of a tune called CIA, to look so by Alan's Ginsberg? No. If you had your choice between that or the firing squad, which would you take? Choice between what? Hearing Alan Ginsberg. No, I'm not firing. I'd rather hear Arnie Ginsberg, okay? What is he talking about? Have you had no idea? No. That was beyond me. We don't have Bye Bye Ginsberg doing. Yeah. Do we have that? Did I bring that? I think so. No. Bye Bye Bundy. Yeah.