How can we have to let's get it over with him? Hey, pal. How's that guy? I'm Brian. And now's this Brian or the real dawn? This is the real Brian. Oh, okay Brian. He's starting up the great guy of ours. Yeah, we can stand. Once you were off, it wouldn't take long for my aim. It's nice to be off. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Well, the first two shows were good. Yeah. The one with Eddie last week was not that hot. I'm sorry. Yeah, it was just what script wasn't that good. No, it's gone down here. And you left. Now I'll never get a shot on the show. But I want you guys to congratulate me. I just graduated out of E.J.J.A. Which is Junior's anonymous. Oh, great. It took me a right. Well, when this be great, if we got two cronics in a row that got a life, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And it would be great. It would make you want to be loved together. I still fall back and put on the shades every once in a while, but it's just real time. So, how about the business said, did you open up out and braward? No, I opened it in date. I'll be open up December 1st. Uh-huh. If you're going to let me plug it, yeah, I'll be open in December. Great. Yeah. It's cool. But they can graduate on the other junior. Yeah, well, he'll be coming. You've whipped out and didn't go in, huh? No, no, not yet. No. No, she's any day. Any day. Any day. I'm going to go in, yeah. Oh, great. That's going to be super fantastic. Oh, yeah. But Neil congratulations on your show. You sound a lot better. Thank you. You're right. Yeah. Are you going to do an opening for him here? Yeah. I'd love to. Neil knows it. So I've been in the works. It was going to be a surprise. Oh, okay. That's awesome. What's your weather, Brian? I mean, the other thing we played the death that Neil wakes me up in the morning, which was great. Yeah, I noticed that. And thank you very much. I mean, I got a lot of love. It was great. We can't help it that it was you, but it was great. You know, you know, I discovered that by accident. Do you remember that? Yeah. Yeah. You didn't play it. You wouldn't even play it. Right. And Neil was gone on the wall. Yeah. I was just going to do it. I was going to do it. Yeah. But then by accident, I thought I grabbed one partner. I grabbed that one by mistake. And we loved it. So much. That's true. It was great. You're wrong. But it was okay. Well, you know, the road you're right. All right. What's the band doing now? I've got a new band now. Yeah. And we're putting it all together and when it's all finished up, I'll let Neil know. And I'm sure he won't tell us all about it. But I just like to see you get back on the other schools on she, of course, you know. We'd love to see you back on the air stand. That's great for it out there. Thank you, Don Jr. And I'll keep this short. I'm sure Neil loves that. But listen, everybody have a happy Thanksgiving. You know what I mean? You too. Okay, bye. Okay. Well, this is almost Thanksgiving. And it's always good to hear from an extra turkey. I'm thanks to you. Oh, he's okay. He's all right. He's just calmed down a lot, obviously. All right. He's got his life under control. Well, let's not everybody got their life under control. Except me. Well, you're going to be next. Yeah, all right. My Emmy. Hello. Hey, Stan, it's good to hear from you again. Yeah, I'm glad you called. Well, we're going to make some bumper stickers for you. All right. What do you want on these? Uh, where is Stan major? Okay. All right. What number should we use? Uh, what do you mean what number? We've got to put a phone number there for them. Yeah, let's give Stan's home number. Oh, let's give Stan's home number. Oh, no. No, let's don't. Okay. You got to get a job, Stan. We can't get rid of it. If I can say, get rid of cane. Oh, come on. Don't do it. That's great. You're good. You're good for Miami, ought to be an L.A. or New York. Steve said, if they're willing to pay him off, he's all for it. Oh, my. Why keep playing tickets. How about 9.7.6. Dan. Yeah, there you go. I'll don't get hooked up on eddy. I do. I don't think you'll, I get made too much money off of that. Oh, really? If you look down, we want to get you back on the air. Oh, well, the bumper strips would be great. Okay. I'll get. I'll get to the right party. Yeah, sure. Yeah, I'm sure Steve will be happy to give out. Okay, you have a good one now. Okay. Um, Miramar. Hello. Hi. How are you? Great. Is this stand? No. Yes. This is Neil. Yeah. Well, tell us the end to hang in there. If you win the lottery, then he can buy his own station. Okay. And listen, I want to know why people don't tip in the restaurant business. They go in, they order, they drive you crazy, you serve them, and then they don't tip. Okay. Well, five, is that going to be Steve Seppling today? Oh, he's a dog. Oh, he's a dog. She's a joke. She's in South Florida. Yeah. Yeah. Lady, please. Stop waiting on those friends. I mean, I'm unemployed and I tip. All right. Boca, hello. Yes, good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, first time caller. On the legitimate caller on the vocal line, this is a rare experience on issues. Yes, I'm 31. I just want to thank you for innovative radio in this pathetic market. Um, one of the first things I ever heard was over on the other station. It was hysterical. It was like, believe it was a legal ID for WINC. It sounds like, oh, you're. You're. Yes, they're. Had done that to them about kicking ass. No, no, no, that was a Dave Grave line of did that. Oh, you would happen to have that, would you? What I have it? I'd tell you one thing. I'd give anything if I did have it, but the program director over there has got a closet in a way. It spirited away. It was a deep dark place. I'd be very happy to help him put a lot of other things that deep dark place too. You know what I'm saying? Starting with that, put exactly. We'll just keep up the good work. Have a great Thanksgiving. Okay, you too. Thank you. I buy. You know, it's interesting. That thing that Grave line did that we just founded sitting on a cabinet. Yeah. How do you know what it means to sit kicking ass? You never heard us play that. I played the hell out of it. See one thing that I always have learned is if you find something that they might get nervous about, play the crap out of it. And then, you know, later on, if they come in and take it, at least you milk it for everything you can get. Yeah. Here, it's different. The crap out of it. There he is. Just get out of our lives and have a wonderful life. Anyway, what was I saying? So anyway, we get this great thing that we find on a cabinet. No. And it was like kick it ass, 50,000 watts, WIs. It was hysterical because here they try with us all news. And it was funny. Yeah. And we played the daylight side of it for about two or three days. And then the rose called me and as usual, you know, like, come on. Let's go talk. And it seems that the AM program director didn't have a sense of humor. Oh my god. Did you know what was the great shock you? Oh, really? Is that incredible? We had to pull it. You want to like it, because it said, even in the office. You know, he's the only guy I've ever worked for who has been embarrassed to tell me about my ratings because they were so good. Yeah. I mean embarrassed. I said, wait, wait. Wait a minute. We got a witness right here. No, seriously. You weren't there yet. This was after the Spring Book came out before you came. And it was the day. And you know how you used to sit with the computer. We're talking about the program director. And you know, you're talking about the computer and get all the numbers and give them out and everything. Run all around a building like a chicken with this headcut on. And I'm sitting there and I'm saying, OK, where are they? Because we knew we were going to have a good book because we were following the trends. And I think we had had about a seven something. I had had a seven in a winter book. And now the Spring Book was coming out. We had a seven nine or an eight or something in the trend. So we knew it was going to be a good book. That was the book we got a nine share. And we had a practically pound this guy in a head. Get him to turn loose with the numbers. Yeah. That's what a douchebag he is. Oh, I'm sure he is. With their great numbers now, they're two's and they're one's. And they're one's and they're really all that all newsman all snooze. All have a take toward media. Trust him. OK, let's go to Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. I have the gun. Good. How you doing? Oh, pretty good. This is a real treat to have Stan on there today. Stan, I just want you to know. I wrote a letter and I called and I, you know, told them well if they took you off the market. That was it. I wasn't going to listen to the BIN. I'm going to go back on my dial. I haven't. I haven't. I haven't. You have a lot of company to your times. Now they just do the same thing. I mean, well, after you left Neil, they lost. I think half their, you know, advertising anyway. Yeah. They lost quite a few, but especially said that new guys on their, I mean, you know, music spine. You can turn it on, listen to it all the time between commercial on the FM. But, you know, you had something really good going there and they blew that too. They would have, if they would have been smart later, they would have had you on and then had to stay in the same. If I could tell you how many times I had that conversation with a big guy, they're waiting for you. I can't stand to listen to him. He's like a sick Joey Reynolds, you know? Well, here's, here's just, just think of this man. Here is a manager who had an opportunity to have the number one rated radio station in this market by simply putting me on following Neil. That's right. They had to do that. They would have automatically been one in this market and they chose not to do that. You know, what they want to be, don't forget you're forgetting. They want to be number three. Yeah. No, I think they want to be number 10. I think they want to be 12 actually or 20 or 30. Whatever whatever last one is, they got a death wish. That's for sure. You got it. And I know to say even put a month along days now. Really? Yeah. You know, when I haven't been listening to him that much anymore since, month well, suggested day, right? But he, you know, he's not allowed hardly to say anything. Well, good luck to him. Yeah, well. Well, maybe I'll put two or three more people on the morning show and nobody going to be able to say that. Then they can all talk at the same time like we're doing anyway. And you all be able to understand any of it so they can't get in any trouble. I guess. Okay. You have a good luck on your diet. You're going to eat over Thanksgiving or not. No, I'm sure not. I'm going to do just what I'm supposed to do. That would be a good little point. You're giving me encouragement to do it till. Well, you do it. It's going to be great. Thanks a lot. You have a good one. Bye. I don't know if a lot of people may have forgotten. But last summer when you were on mid, uh, you and I were on mid day, stand followed us in the afternoon. We were the number one real radio station in South Florida. Well, yeah, you had a six four behind only life and cut the station at a six four incredible demographics or kicking ass all over the place. And then you see the first big mistake. And this is where I disagree with you all would help me tremendously because in terms of income, I mean, I think that's a lot getting off the AM and going on to FM and then coming back here. But, um, they when they started messing up the AM. Yeah. Without any regard as to what would happen to it. And then they stuck Jay in there and I like Jay. Jay is a good guy. But Jay is not a top show host and he's never going to be. It's a great. And that thing that he was doing there in mid day that you had a follow by the way every day. Got it. I mean, you couldn't define it. Got it. Let me let it the cattle the bag and just say one thing about what they told me when they quote, let me go. Yeah. Give me a humongous check and let me go. They did pay me up until September 1st which was the rest of your contract. They said, they said, and you have to think about this argument for a little bit. And then it'll finally get to you. They said that the reason they had to take my program off which was number one was because they couldn't find anybody to precede me to replace you. Yeah. Sure. And always that was the excuse for dumping the number one show on the afternoon is because they couldn't find anybody to do tend to two. First of all, a logical thing I would have been, and we talked about this often for them to put you on mid day, tend to two so that people who listen to me in morning on FM would have then turned right over to you. I mean, a lot of people who saw that it weren't even radio people who was just obvious. And then an afternoon drive, they could have found somebody to do afternoon drive where they could have gone back to the end of the day. What does it mean? Right. But don't confuse them with the facts man. One thing I learned about them over the four and a half years I worked there is anything that makes sense. They will never do it. And that can be said again. 149 and Wild. Can write back it a few more calls in would stand. Right now, we want to tell you about charhott fantastic burgers, grilled chicken brash, delicious Italian sausage. Great onion rings, the best in town and lots lots more with those special charhott toppings. And you'll find six soon to be seven charhott locations all over South Florida there in forl. And I wish Lori would get me the better locations on this with the addresses. I don't want to get push you with her, but yeah, notice that these things seem to take a great deal of time. They're in forlater day like somewhere around in forlater. Sunrise, tamarag, Davy, Hollywood Miami and soon to be somewhere in Marguer. Like in the city. And now they've gone and created their own money in charhott. Then you can spend in their restaurants for a hands t-shirt, Sony FM, Walkman, radio is from overseas electronics. BMX bikes and skateboards from international bicycle shop, high-tech kitchen radios from the ultimate markdown on federal highway and fortlater day. All the home of surprise shopping and more. So you get in for a great lunch or dinner real soon and tell them you'll send your buy to charhott 152 at WI. We got Ray on a hotline. Is that Ray Nampoy any chance? Ray. Hey Ray. Congratulations. Thank you Ray. Listen, don't mention the name of my place, was you don't want to plug. Okay, we want to mention the brick oven. No, no, no, no, no. I'll add it to the oven. All right, thanks for the brick oven. That. You embarrassed me. Yeah, I'm sure we did. I just want to congratulate Stan on his new show. I knew I knew Neil wouldn't laugh. That's a... Well, you know what, Ernie says, that Neil gets fired everywhere he goes. You're going to take glamour with you as co-host. When can go any place I go? You guys are great. I miss you. Well, what can we tell you? I keep up the work. Okay, thanks Ray. I know from your room. You know why Ernie likes to hang around there at the brick oven. Don't you stand? Why? Well, they are boven's there. Oh, is that yeah? Anywhere they have weapons, man. You'd do it. I'll look excited. And he starts to get material for his next show. Okay, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Hey, how you been, James? Hi, James. How are you? Great. I don't think I'd stand. Oh, hello, dear. Oh, lucky man. Yeah, I know it. Boy, we're getting all these. Not only do we get a ton of food in here today, but we have all these food related people that's right. What after another? That's how we are, huh? Well, not stand your voice sounds good on the air when you come back. I don't know. I've got to find a couple of investors and buy one of these. I am stations down here. I'll find some soon. Okay. Find me somebody who's got some money. Oh, look around. See what I can do. Either that or just 10% over some bags of money. Forget the radio station. Just have that bags of hundreds in the middle. I'll go to St. Thomas. There you go. There you go. Okay, listen, nice hearing from you, James. I have a happy Thanksgiving. You too. Thanks, bye. By the way, we will be here on Thanksgiving. That's right. And I'm pretty incredible. What are you going to do? What do you work out as far as your Christmas vacation that you always take? Are you going to be able to do that? Oh, I could if I wanted to. I get still the same three weeks, but I think I'm going to save them up because I want to go to Europe and go to all those places. Oh, I've got to say something about Europe because I haven't been there for a long time. I'll tell you this. If I, if I did hit the lotto, I would just pick up Lori, the baby, the family, and I would move to Switzerland. I never come back to this country again as long as I live. Switzerland is the most fantastic place I've ever been in my life and you've got to go. You've got to go to Switzerland. I'm going to go next summer. I'm going to go over Europe. Just absolutely. That means I got just a few months to lose all that weight, right? Because I'm not going to go. I'm not going to be on a diet going on vacation. I'll tell you that. No. After you lose your weight. You feel real good. You're ready to, you know. I'll be ready. I'll tell you where to go because we had the most fantastic three weeks. Just absolutely unbelievable. So what was it about those plane tickets? 155 and WI would be. Don't answer the question. Let's go to Miami. Hello. How you doing? Great. See you. Yeah. I'm calling. I work at one of the major jury companies. Yes, sir. I have a radio. I want to get a radio in a live station. I had three blue hairs coming. Yeah. And they were listening to me and they were, you know, they got real close to the wind of our work. And they're coming. They're going to listen to me and rockers. They were both ladies and they were complaining. They got to manage your own backpack. Oh, yeah. I'm fully with. Tell them the kiss off. They were zero complaining. 20, 20, three minutes. And after they all do this, then they tell me, can you just opt for me for free? Yeah. Exactly. I'm feeling unbelievable. I'm feeling unbelievable. I'm feeling unbelievable. Oh, right. I have. I have. I have a good one. You guys a lot. My lesson. He was an important part of that call. That he was like the cue in that the call. You know, once he got by and then there was that woman. And then came the magic call. It was him. Volca. Hello. Hello. Another real call. This is veggie from Boca. Hey, veg, how you doing? All right. I do. I've been trying to get in the past week here, but they keep on disconnecting me. You guys have. Why you've been a little bit chronic, but that's okay, you're all right. Yeah, I just want the call to say hi and was she happy Thanksgiving because I might be going on a town. And uh, that's why I really want to tell you. Don't you want to say hello to Stan? Who? Bird? No, Stan. Harry. Stan Major. Oh, Stan. He's been on the show like the last two hours, Vege? Yeah, I really know why you got your name. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Does that mean guys, it was like a while ago? Yeah, while ago used to be on two to six on WI and Z. I went after him. There you go. I remember it. I like it. I like it. I want to say hello to him. Why did you say hi? How are you, Stan? Okay, but I really did. Obviously, you made a big impact on your role. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Is it really? If he's just he's just been gone for a couple of months. Yeah, it's not like he's been off the air for five years. We've only been short while. Oh, well, see, I'm thinking of uh, Joey Reynolds, I know. Don't want to talk over another spot. This is going back a couple of years ago that somebody else took over a spot. I guess, or WI would be changing people left and right. This sounds like a chronic IOD listener. No, veggie. What are you a chronic IOD listener? No, I mean, I want you to be now, but not in the past. Well, before I used to be listening to Steve King. Oh, that's why it doesn't know. Yeah, that's why you don't know who Stan is. But you guys, the guy listening to King. Right, but I always listen to Neil O'er, Simon does data. Like I said, you're a good guy, veg. We'll see you later. Okay, okay. Fort Lauderdale on five. Hello. Neil Rogers. Stanley Major. He'll tell me where Stan from I3. Stanley Major, my first at the. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Do you think I get that lady to call back from Palm Beach? Point and beach, hello. Hey, Neil, Stan, how you guys doing? Great. Stan, so I don't you know how I'm expecting a baby this week? Really? Yeah, we've had something common for a while there. Let's have a race. I'll tell you, that's why I wish the best one more thing to Neil and Bird. Yes, sir. I'll tell you, for W's news, that never seemed to be L. Oh, boy, did you get one? A fat pig. Well, you did my bitter while I'm on the screen, sir. That's the question. They must be the white angle lens to fit that worker in there. Hello. I just want to wish you guys a happy Thanksgiving. Don't be porky about it, sir. Wait, wait. Okay. Well, that's what that made me fallers day, huh? What do you think of that, Lee, huh? What do you think? He tells the best of the L. Yeah, sure does. So, though, we're not speaking Lee anymore until he, uh, but he's up as a little bit. Okay. Put 70s boring guests on. Well, anyway, it's great having Stan here today and that we obviously everybody wishes him the best of luck and that's something he's got to tell you a radio station. We're at that set. Get a clock. This goes real fast and here I'll tell you. It goes really great time. Next time I come back, we'll talk about the Kennedy assassination. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's right. We'll bring in a couple of guys who didn't like it. We'll talk about the Bay of Pigs. Now I see why you are on this particular day. Yeah, it's a very special day. Now, stay tuned for Steve. He's got a real gut wrenching disturbing show and he's going to have some people who are going to destroy all the good feelings we have in a great memories about President Kennedy and just turn your whole afternoon into a verbal blood bath. So stick around for that and then, of course, sports talk. Speaking of a verbal blood bath coming up at six. Have a great day. And we'll look for again a Marmorning around 10 o'clock right after Uncle Mike Rene on 610 WIOD.