Before yes, I'll tell you when to kill him. You know who you're leaving this up to you know Leading what up to Turning it up. I mean I appreciate you're putting all this faith in me, but no, no, I'll give you plenty of time Okay, but I'll see you have a lot of buttons. So even if you should let it go the first time which I Can't imagine anybody being that stupid Yeah, yeah, see he wants to let go. I'm gonna get hell for just even Are you gonna talk it up there, right? No, I don't want to step on August moon, okay I might step on Peter Moon, but I Don't want to step on August moon and the spur of the moment band. Yeah, then too Well, I was driving down on ninety five the other night Somebody nearly cut me right off the road I decided wasn't gonna do any good to get man I wrote a song about Okay, that's as far as we go. I think that's as far as we go Stereo, gee, you know, I just have so much confidence I said that's how far as we go and any of this like little laps is Reflex is suddenly got very slow, but yeah, I thought was good to hear again when I had never heard it in stereo I don't hear you the whole thing would really be something that would be a first over here wouldn't it, but then I just blanked out that I know They did that on the AM and somebody from Portland had a nervous Nellia tack the other day And it was a leap so even we just absolutely went bananas a man who's put all of our lives in jeopardy even our plumbing Never saw the pedagy properties put all of us in and yet he comes down has the unmitigated goal to start to being nervous Nellia again Stay in our right now And you know they I know it's just so ridiculous and they've taken away 80% of armoured See I want to go on record today very clearly because it's one thing they say and what we don't care Fine, that's great. We care Okay, I mean there's just no way you can have any self-respect in his business when it take away 70 or 80% of your material And you can't even say good morning without somebody raising an eyebrows They won't see what it means by the way. That kind of dirty the way he said that and they do that to you And so I just want to say it so that people are aware that we have no choice. I mean they've taken away 99% really anything we can do and So here we are you know and we're just showing up every day. We're having a great time There's all kinds of spots on the log and everything is wonderful and some of the spots are a little Yeah, that's true some of the commercials have some pretty risk-a-some dirty stuff in there to be honest with you and Some of the music that they programmed the rest of the day many of the records So really I could if I repeated and some of the words are in the saw we'd be history by seven o'clock Okay, they'd be down here with a zeta van to drag us all away Well, I don't would not push your luck. Okay. Let's not here Let's let them play it on the rest of the day so we don't get help for that But that's just the way it is and people there are those people out there You've heard some of the calls when I was on with Stan that day last week and some Caller and he his intentions were good. I understand where he's coming from and he's good Well, you know you're too important that I haven't you got these big ratings in this and that and why don't you know You always stood up and you never took crap from management this But the point you get to a certain point and it's like you have a choice to make you You continue paying your bills and having a livelihood or You know see you're out on a beach or Johnny dark No, it's true and in this business even when you think you're on top of the world You've seen too many other people friends of ours and been out of work for too long That's a kind of business of it. It's basically if you have any talent Yeah, if you're a no talent douchebag, maybe get a job like that no problem That's funny that you mentioned it because they're showing job service right now Exia, what you better take some notes. Okay, and mustn't know how to read a rule or what doesn't listen to the music They don't listen to the rest of the day. No, they just listen to the talk show Yeah, they can't hit so that's why they get away with playing those records Portland that's why the aim gets away with murder too because nobody is listening over there So when they do something really outrageous disgusting and vulgar nobody cares because nobody is listening to it Okay, so if a tree falls in the forest that now that's an interesting question if a tree falls in a forest and there's no anybody listening in Palm Beach County That is one of the things that I've wondered ever since I was a child I always wanted to talk that if that big oak tree Yeah falls in the forest is anybody in Palm Beach here? So the questions when they say those words on the AM that's why nobody hears you as a nobody in Palm Beach County Listening and of course, Dave and Broward. That's another whole ball That's a story that we can't even begin to get into here That's so it's so sorted the Dave Broward story 630 on Zeta 4 your non-communicative station here on a Tuesday morning. We'll Claire is just called They really well, that's wonderful. He's nice to know that we're not taking calls for clearance still called in Yeah, what do you say? One of these days. I'm gonna find him I'm just gonna put my hands around his neck. You just beat the crap out of him Really, but for now I enjoy here having him call now you're taking it personally now. You're getting Not taking it personally. I just have this desire just to beat the crap out of somebody It isn't interesting It is an interesting study inside college You the fact that here is somebody who despises me allegedly, right such a degree And yet is there every day hanging if there was nobody else out there in the audience no one you'd know at least that Clarence would be there, okay. I see it seems to me if I didn't like a TV host You know ready to turn it off. I wouldn't want you see that's what most of us would do But there's something out there. There's this compulsion this obsession Hmm, in fact we do have people who despised like to see us just Riding an agony on the rack twisting in the way who make a point of listening Every single day who wouldn't miss a minute if their lives depended upon it. Okay The house was burning a lot of people. They'd go up and flames with it because they wouldn't have the time to divert Retention from this program and the Orwellian thing about it is he hates us so much and now He's like a character on the show. So yeah, somebody An interest in the fire curious throw me to hate Clarence turn to this more yeah Hey, I'm on a show. I'm gonna get the am I Result a gray yeah, yeah, yeah, he probably will be showing up signing pictures at our next thing Surprised me at some strange people show up at our things, you know 632 on Zeta 4 and we haven't taken any calls. It's almost an hour that's gone by and I don't really feel any guilt or any pressure from it. I don't feel that we've done anything evil I don't feel any void in my life, do you know we have a feeling if we haven't missed anything That was a very good way of putting it. I said to set it better myself. We have a really missed a thing We probably miss several people saying oh, hey, we really love your show and oh, it's great You and the hide of burden captain Dave and have a wonderful day and audio sir, we've had their chat These are pretty terminal phone calls. Yeah, and it's just a cut of town It is like I've said for years if the people on the air can't be more entertaining than a bunch of would be amateur hour Would be whatever they are would be human beings out there any audience and there's something wrong Well three of them so maybe once in a while on the show from now on we'll take a call or two and that's it It's a good idea the first three that I answered asked is Neil there So it might not be a good idea Really sure wow sharp as a much about soggy July day. That's a good question Don't you think what is Neil there? Is he That is a good question. We'll be having the answer for that in the seven o'clock hours. We should all your friends and neighbors say guess What Yes, what y'all I could do the whole show what we could do our convenience store show and we could talk about red necks and the pickled eggs and sausages Sure, and of course now that they also have lottery tickets man You could you can camp out at Utah You can just take your brown bag and go down there and camp out the whole day and have a couple of pickled eggs and buy some lottery tickets and scratch them off and Well, I'm kind of a circle. Okay, guys Yeah, let's come with a red man and put a little chon there and Hey, what the hell else could anybody want then by three o'clock can be brown bag in it with a button and a little brown bag out in the parking lot meeting all the other brown baggers Johnny's Johnny's life is all about Johnny dark. He'd have maybe The convenience store. I always think of Johnny depth got a little more class than that doesn't he well He lived outside of convenience store one time. Oh, but he was in his car. He only went inside for real urgent necessity Like he'd go in to see Mr. Whipple every once in a while. I bet don't you wonder about that when somebody lives in their car like How do they take a shower? I mean, when she a whiper's don't do that could have a job You know, even if you got good washers, it's just And it's a lot of Vietnam, you know when it starts to rain you grab a bar soap and When it pulls off and run out. Now listen that's a hell of a good idea Rick we've heard listening to the shit right now We've got a 70% chance of showers is right That's okay. So anybody in the neighborhoods got an extra bar of right guard or or of a dial rather or a right guard couldn't hurt too You have to go afterward Like some dial or ivory or I was spring or something just grab a bar and they had an out there just stand outside for a couple of hours Start making it or when it starts coming down that lattice up and God with a free shower Try to work and it'll make headlines. Have a cheat makes CNN and you PI and the whole bit don't you think? It would currently be a major news event in this town 635 on Zeta Ford WCTA Miami Beach for a lot of nail Pompices, ho just Delray, dear field and throw you and teach in Dania and we'll come right back The Neo Roger show unbelievable even the competition agrees It's the best morning show in South Florida now you can take part in radio history with the first collector's edition Zeta morning show T-shirt grab them now. They're available only if participating South Florida specs crop tops tank tops T-shirts even triple extra large All in living color and all unbelievable via Zeta morning shows and one dollar goes to help the Camila sounds speed the homeless wear a Zeta morning show shirt and find out how to make friends and influence people But most of all keep your radio or lock guns Zeta for with Neo Rogers all morning and classic rock all day 94.9 say the four T-shirts produced by crammed a coconut As clear in this time I'm gonna pull off its 18 till 7 on your antiseptic stations data for Are you having a good time there with you? I say today and notice you're looking at a lot of pictures this color is I'm in the colors are you really? Okay boys and girls let's get out our creolas this morning. Let's take the Miami hair old and they son Sentinel and colorize it all the Blanned black and white newspapers that mommy and daddy are trying to read this morning while they're busy taking their shower whatever else you're gonna get out your creolas and color it up, you know like take some Red for example I go over where talks about those comedy thinkos and just Smear red all over to the point where mommy and daddy can't even read it anymore because it's got to depressing anyway, right? Or it's I something about the cremola and grobochon have a summit now this is important in the spaceball players fashion I think that is pretty important and who is this much more important than that other's looking at all dolled up an RJ Reynolds isn't that exciting and I like his tobacco company by the way. They're one of my favorites really and here's Barry bonds and Mike Diaz all in color and Jeff Robinson and Darrell Coles and John Kangalosey. I don't have any idea who the hell that is oh he's from Hialia is he? I never heard a John Kangalosey at all anyway. This is about baseball players Fansion Oh these are the pirates. Oh excuse me. I don't know who John Kangalosey is. I don't even know where that come on well That goes to show that's why I'm out of touch. I mean I do recognize these other people, but the Darnel Coles and Barry bonds RJ Reynolds, but what the hell can I say that we haven't says Shooting up the pirates in the styles of summer And we got a full page with color pictures and Diagrams and body parts and I don't think we can discuss that any further thing and there's and who's that on a front of that Dr. Mootlo is on who is that that's a George Lynch I don't know George Docans George Lynch who's dockin? I don't know Did you ever hear a dockin dookin dookin? Let me Wow, where's Lynch? Rips into a beer blast with we can kick off to the heavy metal monsters are rock tour That's a group on that's in your repertoire dockin Anybody in the audience who's dockin? I know all is ready be sitting and dockin on the bay, but that's about it. Oh, yeah dockin. Yeah dockin. Yeah, that's what van Haley They're gonna be here Saturday night in Miami. That's that What minutes with Van Haley? What is he got to do with that? What's a tour playing with Van? Yeah, so that's quick. Yeah, Edgy Van Haley. Uh-huh Who they say who they help be dockin? I don't know Is there anybody in the audience who knows dockin? Heavy metal not this crowd. This audience don't know dockin from soccer. Okay? 971 tons of sound stage and lighting yeah for the monsters of rock tour And this town is really just gone crazy about it has it All seven of those pinheads or in that stuff are gonna be there with bells on man I just go and nuts the guy one baby adds in 645 on Zeta four and time for this Hello, I'm Michaela's to shnook and tonight on masterpiece theater Episodes seek south the Sponsor McKenzie Chronicles as you recall when we last left our pooch face protagonist He was seated poolside wearing his customary dark glasses and wildly playing his bonge This bizarre the constant exhibition Apparently acted as an emperor ds-yag on the scantly clan bimbos attending this hedonistic affair and within moments These new-bile name vets were stroking Spud's head and clearly displaying a perverse Sexual attraction to him well Quite a dilemma for as we shall see tonight Spud's about to go into heat and begin a torrid affair with that little doggy who chases the chock wagon stagecoge across the kitchen floor and under the sink So do join us, won't you for most to be set up? I'm Michaela's to shnook Dockin yeah, I know we get him on real quick life DJ dockin I'll tell you how close the audience is this morning now There's gotta be somebody out there who knows from dockin, okay? Sure, and they ask you and it like still nothing you know like there's a couple of blades here and there these people are dead The walking day The laying down there Oh It is frightening isn't it? The have no fear the rain is just pouring down cats and dogs and they're pretty happy about it the Santa Reha house 647 1307 on Zeta 4 you're absolutely a totally response list Asian and these this town Why just absolutely dead isn't it you're right about this day totally and thoroughly this could be remember the assault the night Chicago died Sure I do this could be the day that soft floor of the whole part of it just died It's been like an intensive care for a long time But this could be the turning point like somebody turned off the oxygen You've been in the eight track room the past couple of days. I know it's because of the rain, but it smells like sewage in there GM Michael just came back to the Bahamas He just brought some souvenirs back from the Bahamas from that one hotel you know where they have the shaggy dogs Melody over Like sewage in there makes you finish the commercials faster. Wow, maybe that's part of the attack to get people It's out there a lot of faster Anyway, we have food from shells coming up later on today. We got seafood so we're not worried about it. We'll survive We got our food come in we got one hour already killed here this morning almost exactly an hour And the rain is coming down like crazy. It's just pouring pelting down here in Carroll City. It is brutal And it's gray and dank and the now I know how know of them I'm cereal. This is going on for days and days and days on end and no it really can cite That'll end when this week you sure is an official a crgnostication I know whether no, I know what it's talking about Now it's not gonna end tomorrow But by the weekend you've been talking to that guy in WWE R Have to learn the tea on hello He's I like he's no water cron ice, but you can Or buy a soap yeah, do you have the seal of approval from the American meteorological He has the squeal of approval right well, let's just see if my prediction comes true That it's been a good some time about the weekend would be something if it never ended wouldn't it if it just goes on like this forever Because I get that feeling it just horrible Gray and dank indie print no one of these bastards out there don't want to get out of bed and go to the phone Do anything they want to just lie there and never get out Understandable That time it was I think it was either 80 or 81 it was like this for two months I kept the record of it any day was either cloudy or it continually rain. That's true Why sour times are a swell in South Florida Oh, it's this mean it's news times your eyes that's your cue all right 10 before seven on Zeta and we missed it because of the clouds But this was the morning at 6.53 We can still make that a way you can't see it the blue moon Last week and of course this only happens once in a blue moon There is a blue moon up there today Now actually today's event has nothing to do with the color of the moon is actually the second appearance of a full moon in the same Month however officials at the US Naval Observatory in Washington say there is such a thing as a Condition in which small particles in the atmosphere make the moon look blue But they say this doesn't happen often it happens about once in a blue moon So we missed it today. I saw some of the light from them but not now a Luckless man has been charged with the string of robberies in which you can wait a minute Oh, I'm sorry here you don't want to be camp so anyway There is a blue moon this morning 653 which is about two minutes away, but it's not really a blue moon No, and we can't see it because it's all overcast All the bomb bomb all the bomb of the bomb of the bomb Like I said before just nothing I hate worse than novelty You know that was worth waiting for it anyway a luckless man has been charged for the string of robberies in which he took 1500 lottery tickets and hopes of winning the jackpot Didn't get the million dollar winner police Miami said he was booked on charges of armed robbery and grand theft and connection with three separate robberies of 711 stores last week Detective Says it was the first case Metro day detectives knew of which a robbery a robber Only took tickets He didn't take any money to take any food nothing just just pick it for one and for his priorities Mostly cloudy today showers and thunderstorms are likely range and 70 percent high only in the low 80 Tonight still a good chance of showers low-stab at equaler and it's 74 this morning on theta it's 652 6 minutes till 7 on theta 4 and Because food's coming And just a little bit Oh, this morning I thought maybe this might just kind of fit into the tenor of the whole show Some guys the world What do I see Is a moment Okay, 655 now we weren't gonna take any calls at all, but we do have a dock in fan on the phone is this correct? Yeah, no, that's me now what be what be docins sir Like a stupid Middle band they're really not much they've been opening acts for like seven years really on average they just come out in a 3045 minutes They go back collect a small second go home Like a good yeah Two some nail and a couple others I'm going to the concert that I'm not going to go seek dog. No, I don't think too many people are buying you know Grab it up docking tickets No, no, no, no, I have when he takes them on I think that's when I'm gonna go by my shirt Was it a great though that they have chosen in USA today to put a big picture of the elites And you're from docking in there. I know there's so many other groups like scorpions, you know, that's a big group Yeah, and they're not even headlining them. You know it's like you know Oh, doc and you know like What the heck there's another way to look at it isn't it about time after all these years and all these months that they've been going out there and Doing their thing and probably making very little money and getting no publicity isn't nice at somebody finally Recognized them. Yeah, I guess so all right, doc and yeah Yeah, exactly That's heard for doc and right Once for doc and you know I'm gonna go and just you know Yeah, oh my brains out just for doc and exactly I think we had a have a gigantic group of doc and fans here I'm more of the you know scorpions metallic and fan hairland fan Oh, yeah, you know come I thought you know Neil I wonder Yeah, I love yeah, I give anything for a doc and sure Yeah, okay, well be looking forward to that with baited breath, okay? Right, Neil. I want to ask you one more thing. Yeah, you're that new chief trick that no And it is a good tune the flame Yeah, but you said whack wait a minute wait a minute You said no Yeah, well see new is we don't play from new around here, okay? We don't know what's no Then when it's the new rod you show it's like out of point anything goes just about right Okay, I'll go out and buy it today. We'll play it tomorrow, okay? Okay, you got a deal. Okay, all right. See after the currency okay doc and they could be by six Fifty seven on data four and now that's true. I got to go out and buy anything We want to play on this show. It's it's really like kind of a joke at this point isn't it? Maybe we should alternate like one week blend by about four five CDs and the next week I could buy a few and Pretty soon. We've got the only station in America where the morning team has to go out and build the library I never heard a such a thing. I keep saying that and the rose never technology never in any way acknowledges that like they replaced one CD Two or three two or three As a matter of fact all these that says new CDs on the on the door No, no, you're not you're not understanding what I'm saying they were they reimbursed me in other words They gave me back Birds okay the best of the birds and the guests who and the animals and I do see them in a record store is Constantly so it's not like they don't exist Well, they don't just get this feeling that they kind of like the fact that I'm spending 80% of my paycheck Going out and building the library up. You know, it's a little bit like working. It's kind of like a minus cash flow situation. Okay, what you can write it off though You can write all those I don't want to write it off. I just I want them to go out and and do something I want them to get their stuff together Okay, and go out and build a library and if we're gonna be classic anything you've got to have material You can't just keep playing the same you know 800 CDs 750 of which we don't play because there's nothing on them I mean we do have this expansive library in the other room there, but if you notice Most of it doesn't get played. There's a lot of stuff in there that just gathering dust on those shelves Like the best of docking Yeah, right Oh God six 59 Yeah, and white snake six 59 on Zeta four here's a quick look at those scores again and as I said at the beginning of the show I don't want to discuss this I don't want to get into it and it's obvious the audience right from the beginning Didn't want to discuss this or anything else with us either Salvation speed Detroit yesterday 79 to 78. I don't want to hear about it. I see the word weird there on the US in Facebook section weird doesn't come close to describing it. It was an exhibition was shameful the Scrapeful both teams ought to hang their heads in shame and they all ought to be arrested for impersonating Professional basketball players it was day was disgusting, okay? And Major League Baseball in the America League Indians for the Royal's one Texas six Minnesota one Brewers beat Toronto for the one Mariners beat the O is for the one Red Sox five the angels two and and 14 And he's the ace beat the damn Yankees three to two good game actually late pirates beat the brave's 14 to two comes 12 the reds three Philly seven upon raise three the expose over the giants three to two the extras Meet the Cardinals five to four and the meds beat the Dodgers in last night's big ABC extravaganza in the first of two is a matter fact it was a meds three in the Dodgers two seven o'clocking Secondly on Worcester WZTA my amy beach fortlaternale and the Palm Beach is oh This would you and rom to last night? Well since it was an emergency We thought we did We did Celebrating birthday today Mike J. Farts turn twenty six Harry had them here is thirty five Transfuzz McGenzie is fifty six Ronald Lee G. Is your daughter in the house any This woman is having a Mary heart attack People are buying more twistler. I'll spell it out It's she was she can immediately get medical attention she'll go into permanent syndication Mechanism I just received two hundred cc's of line of cane and had these electros attached to my chair And we're gonna recognize the early warning signs and uncontrollable crossing and uncrossing of legs excessive perkiness as an annoying preoccupation with the superficial and raw blows favorite beatle is ringo Who is it? Call your local Mary heart association today because just one Mary heart is too many Okay, and I wonder how many times that shows on today what about six or seven? Great. I can't wait the more the better. It's a minute past seven on say to four your phone call is station I just you know they say that when you stop like in baseball or any other sport Whatever it is or I guess actors through the same thing when you stop having fun That's the time to retire Okay, and I got to be honest with you. I'm just not having fun this morning Are you having fun? You're always having fun. That's the problem as long as you're working you're having fun I wouldn't say I'm having a bad time now. Now see that's a cop-out. That's not a direct there That's any face of it. That's all right I'm not having fun because this is it's so depressing It's like standing up on an empty stage and giving all your best material and really building it all out and the audience is just like Call it to yeah this time and just put you into deep into a rip-in-winkle kind of mentality Anyway Come on now. I'm just not having fun. It's time to hang it up. I think I mean there's like a message in this. I think that there comes a time like the song says we are the world There comes a time when it's time now don't overreact Okay, they're gonna feel a lot better when shells comes in here with the food. Yeah You can't eat for four hours every day. Although it is certainly something to think I don't know about that. Two people we don't have any cards or something Yeah Card game going this morning how about old made they would be good for this time. I go fish Old made and pof actually yeah or go fish old made. I think it would be excellent. Okay for all our friends in a hall and they all You know I just want to suggest something to you when you get in your autumn Abelus morning and to drive out and you wonder where the usual traffic jam is and where there's nobody on Okay, they've all left town over the weekend. Well, they sure weren't out yesterday. It's like a ghost town really yesterday Did you grow and you get the feeling like we're all alone like everybody has gone or dead? Yeah Like impossible everybody died over the weekend and nobody you know it didn't make the paper yet like on the beat Do we have a hero yet? No, no, no That's the first piece of evidence. You know why the delivery boy is so well How can I put it delicately, okay? So this is like a movie yeah, this is like Now what was that movie with Charlton Heston? Oh the Omega man. Yeah, that was a good movie even with a Fashist like Charlton Heston and there it was a good movie and Not seriously and in fact years before that the original one was with Vincent Price and it had a different name But it was the same story and it was after World War after this nuclear holocaust and There were just a handful of people left and they were all running around looting supermarkets try to find something that was edible and Just totally paranoid running around with guns Ready to shoot any of the else that they perceived to be a threat sort of like Miami yeah exactly kind of like going into Miami right now You know what I mean Boy, this is gonna make you feel better is it really? The weather today. Oh Jay four minutes after seven on Zeta Ford we have to do this it has to clear up a little bit Still I see some blue Still a couple of the rain drops dripping down a carol suit, but there is a little tiny patch of blue But what do you hear this? Mostly cloudy with showers and thunderstorms likely rain chance 70% today Highly in the low 80s I like to reckon spuds you know how to come on the You can't wake up in a more nice alive They like I want to go back to sleep I mean if the audience wants to be asleep we can be asleep too It will wind up and the rain trickling outside Tonight there'll still be a good chance to shower slow about 74 I think we might even play the rest of um That record I Spur the moment for the moment fan yeah, yeah, that would wake him up is sure what 74 degrees this morning at Zeta Ford and it's coming up on six after seven 707 on Zeta four on just wonderful Tuesday morning madness is so good that I'm ready to go back home and start to putting weans back on the grill Weadies yeah, weadies I bet your Bruce Jenner cooks his weed is on a grill Anyway, there's a little patch of blue. I was thinking maybe we could do a play by play on the clouds on a cloud cover Because there's some real heavy cumulus over here and some Sirus like up in the upper atmosphere there Some wispy Sirus. That's the first blue. I've seen since like last Thursday Yeah, and a little bit while yesterday when I left when I went home As you got north of state road 84. It wasn't raining anymore and it was it wasn't that bad wasn't it great And that course within 30 minutes it was pouring cats and dogs up by me, but um so there was there were moments Yeah, and when you're on the air course if there were people listening this morning which there aren't but if there were You know, it's kind of bizarre because there are people listening in certain places where the sun is shining and it's pretty decent And there are other people it's just pouring down and you're sitting here and you're saying all these things that you can only did by looking out this little window And your perspective is limited, but I will say there's the wind is blowing at a pretty good pretty brisk rate in the Upper atmosphere there at its zipping by those lower dark dank and look at that look how it's clearing up even as we speak I'm cereal I don't think it's gonna lie on saying it's gonna Come back the clouds in the rain. I do. I think it's sad. This is just what are you some kind of a communist? Just a brief why do you have to say that? I don't want to get you to be I'm gonna be a real optimistic Do we have to sit here and hope that it's Daniel? I'm gonna be disgusting. I'm not gonna be up week on in. I'm gonna be realistic Oh god, you're gonna be in this town of the realistic. I don't think you're gonna survive. I couldn't do it I have to blue sky myself if you part that expression all the time That's why you're doing that Exactly, oh look at that look at that Look at that little up there. That's a little hole in the sky there Bruce singer Junior that matches Bruce is the hole in the head It's 7.09 on Zeta 4 and I'm gonna give the numbers out one time and if because you are something I'm thinking to myself Who am I kidding okay and other words the only reason we've been doing what we've been doing for the last hour 20 minutes is because we have an audience that doesn't you know they got on a new tangent now It's like we've gone to the yet another phase of apathy So therefore we're like we're working five times as hard and Just straining here to make some pretense of enjoying being just ignored okay by the masses out there And this is supposed to be a talk show we're supposed to have these enthusiastic loyal listeners get on the phone And hey, what's going on? I mean, I guess what the game really stuck or man you remember in 72 when it rained for 400 years in a row And what it is something you know These are supposed to be people who are alive or at least pretending so you're gonna try and I think I don't think that they're pretending anymore I think they're finally impressing up to what the real story is here. Mm-hmm. That's in the land of the walking dead. Did you talk about air condition No, did I talk about air conditioners? Oh in other words, I missed the spot is that what you said didn't miss Well, he's got the word live there is so many times and he jams all these in one hour, you know, it's just too Oh, you say you're gonna talk about that now Oh, yeah, what the hell? Oh, I know talk about the weather and all this Oh, I agree. Is that all right? Sure. Oh I'm looking forward to we got traffic too when you're done. Great. That's good. Well, maybe we won't take because you're not all lit up We got the five lines ring, but these people are dead Maybe the show is pass A maybe it's all over with okay, and that's that's fine We'll just come in every day and play bits Well, it's been I feel like somebody else I know you know and like I said it's not it isn't a direct response to the But when you come in in a morning at six o'clock and nobody wants to talk to you Then that's a different story That's a whole different ball game. That's like a slap in the face. You know what I mean? Like that It's like a kick in the ass Where we got five thinking phone calls. Yeah, we got six taken calls on there on our six taken lines A brown heating and air conditioning is in southward of the state. There are no fools since 1956 Broward heating and air has served the fine folks of Broward Palm Beach and Dave County with the same ownership quality in service And now is the time to escape the inseparable heat and humidity with a brand new air conditioner from Temstar Temstar air conditioning systems are designed for the future, but they're available now with advanced features advanced efficiency and there's a model and size Just right for your home or office Broward heating and air would like you to rely on the star Temstar by Temstar cooling from now till July 15th and Broward heating and air will throw in five years of worry free parts and labor protection And when you tell him that Neil Rogers sent you they'll also give you a free permanent static air filter worth 125 bucks Broward heating and air serving West Palm to Miami column toll free 1800 525 5045 That's 1-800-525 5045 12 minutes after seven on jade of four You want to do traffic? Yeah anything you want to do that's uh up to you eastbound 836 going toward the city is backed up bad also an accident 112 west of 12th Avenue two accident southbound 995 one is approaching Miami Gardens drive and another accident southbound 95 Uh back and up traffic from 112 all the way to a 79 street also an accident Oakland Park Boulevard an Inverari Boulevard and an accident on flamingo just north of the Hollywood Boulevard That's all I told you there was nobody out there and I I told it was like a veritable ghost town There are two black birds out here right now, okay singing beetle songs on the lawn