Hi Hank. Did you see Russia's speech at the NAB? I saw like about 10 seconds of it. Oh, I guess he he was asked about the drug case and he said that he doesn't know anything about any investigation But he will cooperate when he's asked oh, yeah, I saw the clip and but he didn't deny it though You know, he didn't deny pop in those eight million pills and about the feeling of rougher or any wires on our botter It's a yeah, that's what Arnold was doing out there in California was feeling all those broads up to see if they were if they were wired Yeah, it could be and then my beard he looks like he's wired. He you know, they're not sweaty walks He doesn't I was watching the newscast last night and he walked into a building with a bunch of people when I swear to you They were goose stepping You can hear that that's exactly what he was Haramon Schwarzenegger of course the fact that his father was a Nazi in Austria We suppose to overlook that too, you know, we all have skeletons somewhere Yeah, in our class they like rush with all of my bottles of pills couldn't couldn't have it a board is every guy Now what do you think about poor for all the way that they're brow beating him now? I don't know what happened with I just walked in here I was listening to him this morning and sounds like he's going through the usual Yeah, Georgia will tell you, Georgia will fit you in on the blanks. Okay. It's the usual Ojo on provocative tours, you know The other thing Rush said was that he didn't say anything at all This is really insane But this is what he does with his radio shows and everything else he does he makes crap off spins crap You know right and what he said was he didn't say anything about McNabbie was talking about the media You're all right sure sure But I can tell you this his resignation was forced you can't ask it about it absolutely Yep Just kind of like a done sure. I'm sorry, but at any rate What do you say first of all listen you know I mean I'm a football fan to a point I like you are cuz it's your livelihood, but I don't like to agree with you And you know that's exactly what happened anybody who would say the Donovan McNabb is is Overrated and the media have this desire to prop him up like it said any article in the daily in whatever paper was this morning 7 starting quarterback Sunday were black two others were injured or they would have been nine and the media It's an issue that died 10 years ago right exactly Like right you know I'll tell you what happened by a little bit of insight, okay? Can the first week he was on the first show he talked about the failed a Firmative action policy and the NFL for coaches and then he did a little thing about that and they told him after that That they want him to spark controversy, but they want him to stay away from the politics Yeah, okay, so what does he come back and do three weeks later exactly what they told him not yeah Well as a bad mistake like I said before would be like if NBC fired Tom Broke on put Azzias born on the do the nightly news And when the first 30 seconds he said dropped the F bomb about six times and they got all done out of shape and act They were surprised you know They got exactly what they should have known they were gonna get and it's a tourist Good here, and now what are you doing in there? You're not working today. I'm working on a project for somebody that requires some research So I'm in your work and some research. Hey, listen don't overdo it man. I want to go I like your schedule this week you're starting to make me jealous Exactly, that's what I'm talking about take your talking back Tuesday. And you'll see you then More pay unless work that's the QM F in way. Hey, let me tell you with a one who told me a year ago, okay? You said just ride this gravy train and don't worry about anything Did you not tell me that? Thank you you bet and I'm I'm congratulating you you're doing a hell of a job in a mad dog too He works about two days a month Not a bad deal. Oh, I'll take it anyway. We're like about five minutes behind one o'clock at five sixty wq