I don't know you, where are you? Where am I? Oh my! Oh right! Well I had a wife for a 12-months Don't know what was all the fuss See her marriage was fine She was she called me Cruising to as her parents Girl is gone wrong Oh by the way, speaking of Why do you get Gilbert? I'm gonna break it Girl is gone The last sleep girl is gone Since I'm waiting all I've ever heard From a lazy summer Was weird I did like a memory Couple should have sex Now she's gone The crees sleep girl is gone Now she's gone The crees sleep girl is gone My way to work, muffins, you're bleeding Idiot! Yeah? But she hated how I liked to stay It's private as I can Said the only bone I ever showed Had belonged to the elephant man The girl is gone The hook? The test sleep girl is gone Almost Why do you get Gilbert cut the crap? You're here! Can I spot module? Michael Jackson or Gilbert? That's sleep girl What's the documentary on? I'm old-trick I thought we were out today then I opened it I'm old-trick I'm a great Friday morning I'm on a show this morning I didn't hear too much of it I talked about that big panther Last night In Pittsburgh, I didn't see that I was at the track, I also didn't see the Michael Jackson Nothing, which I taped I'm sure George saw the Michael Jackson piece last night I look at the documentary about that I gotta tell you right now I'm sick and tired of people like George And Joe Costello and other people Making excuses about how he was beaten as a child And abused and a terrible upbringing And he never had a chance He's a pedophile He's a freaking pedophile Hey Michael You're gay Okay And a pedophile And a whack job Well, I don't know if he's doing that But whatever he's doing, I'm sure he's doing it But the fact that the matter is that 44-year-old men don't sleep with little boys Okay, I know that's a big number Oh, because of the old-trick Great shock, even if you were abused as a child Even if you have certain problems with your nose Which only had operated on what twice Only twice I said you're asking that That's pretty damn good surgery to make it To make your face look like that When you've only had two nose drives Well, the little Vigo and the ongoing changes that he's experienced He's doing a life and a hell by itself Yeah The skin But are you bleeding hearts out there Anytime he's making millions again Because the record sales are up he's getting a billion dollars with a free publicity from all of this crap All the time between the fact that we're getting ready to go to war any day now Forget about that Nobody cares about that Nobody even cares about the Columbia anymore Finally they had the last ceremony yesterday And NASA's making up stories But nobody cares about those things anymore All the care about his Michael Jackson's backing Okay I'm gonna go buy all his records again I'm not And I'd be the first to admit there's some of his music that I liked In the olden days a lot But what does that have to do that? Maybe Ted Bundy's saying pretty good too, you know it He had a record Possibly maybe he had a lot of records He had a lot of records, you know, he had a lot of records He had a lot of records, you know, he had a lot of records He had a lot of records, you know, he had a lot of records Anyway, how that pull come out yesterday? Pretty interesting stuff Which version of Neil showed you and joy most 943 votes Which is staggering since we had 500 votes plus on the first poll What was the first poll? What were we doing? That long ago Yeah, no wonder I forgot It must have been No wonder we stopped doing it I don't remember what that was Was it? I think it was, yeah Oh yeah, that's right, what's your take? Well, sir, see that was like premature anyway Before that a chance to watch that great ABC show last night with your favorite All she didn't do the interview the a Bashir guy from Bashir was a pimped it She was there She was Bashir with pimped Anyway, well, which version of Neil showed you and joy most I don't care I'll always listen 46649.4% Oh, these maniacs, these great friends of ours Well, always listen a matter of what we do here Even if we just do four hours of going You're gay In fact, they enjoyed that a lot Thanks Reverend Jones, you're okay too Unlike Gilbert It turns out as a real food cake It more ways than one Come on Gilbert, quit with a quick and all that crap Although I find out what to speak in a fruit What kind of food he likes he likes raspberries Is what I'm here right Anyway, I don't care I'll always listen 49.4% Some bedstories if you call is which I think is why you describe it now right? Right? At least 322, 344, 1% No bedtime stories all callers 99, 10.4% I think that's getting a little extreme All callers in no bedtime stories A little bit much Maybe the callers take themselves a little bit Too seriously? And all bedtime stories in no calls Which I didn't show for seven excruciating boring months 56, 5,9% Not even 6% And here you wanted me to go back to doing that again All bedtime stories They would encourage you me to do that crap Hey listen I mean you know they're making a difference Cause when they get to bonus you're not you never collected anyway Right So it really is kind of a mood point Whereas on my I know that way don't have to answer the phone I don't have 955,5 stereo going That's the way it turned out And you know as usual we'll do whatever it help me one anyway But Well they know that They're used to that They used to give me but at least we let them give their opinion And feel like they have some serious input Into the show Like the coast when they pretend to take requests Right like all those stations They pretend to take requests like magic Oh yeah well we're even though we're computerized It's a great coincidence that you're so happy to come up this year Something like that Do you know that one of the regions that were playing No was it yesterday or on Wednesday I think on a mad dog show build me a buttercup by the foundations What asshole in this building is playing And why is that in there build me a buttercup I think just to piss me off So Robert put that in there And why are they playing all this motown? I love it myself I guess the mad dog's wife likes it But and the motown too Because ever since last year this is Motown Oh I never thought about that Well I'll be damned Take off those checkered pants Just calm down or just relax We got a great pool for you today Speaking of that We'll get to it But in commercials However I would say that the Carlos is taking all the fun out today's pool I'm by compiling it a list of about 6000 of them here Along list Even put them in alphabetical order But they'll be calling about that Of course they'll also be calling it about Michael Jackson If you saw the thing last night which I didn't But you didn't have to see it because we've had more clips already this morning As it ended up And a psychoanalyzing and jack caffordy on CNN He's you know he's spout enough once you grant All of this case he happens to be right What's the thing? What is there to analyze? I and the clip that they show what that kid with his head on mic Hold it That yeah No that was hand You missed it They were holding hands Holding hands Come on Yeah Nothing sexual you know No there's nothing sexual going on I think it's very normal It's run with a male for like 44 year old guys to be having like 10 and 12 and 13 year old boys Sleeping in their face And let me ask you why is it always little boys or sleeping in Michael's bed Oh no sometimes it's good It is Once every five ever Like that yeah They were talking about that If the little boy has a sister Come along too And watch And referee Right I see do the play by play Right to blow my blow I see Jackson files complaints over TV show Oh we got to do the break How the guy awkwardly possibly be doing a break I just sat down here That's because guilty went like 10 seconds over And then he blamed us for giving Zack the guilty song He likes the guilty song Oh wow so he's not uptight like certain other people around here He yeah, he can laugh at himself When you got a voice like that Thank God he can laugh at himself You don't think because he sounds kind of gay Yeah 9 minutes after 9 out of His gay as George but Squenight and some gay sounds squeaky Remember squeaky from? Like spanned that's bad up ring That's right David Werke was his default bad up ring John Wayne gay Sure John Wayne gay See Bad up ring Ted Bundy Bad bad up ring He didn't know terrible The worst Ted Bundy didn't even know who is Real mother was Was that I forget How that story went down I remember views them all right It's one of them In fact it was Calacacine from passions with John on passions Who thinks that graces is real mother And come to turn out we don't even have any idea who is Mama is If I don't want him say No, when you better start watching it So you'd like sure and I'll tell you If Sheridan whoever that actress is I know what her name is on passions Blonde I'd say like 25 to 30ish And that beautiful She could be one of the most beautiful women And I'm Tony Does she hang them out There they're there Out there they're out there They're in there they're out there They're bouncing around But I'll be told me that You'd like Sheridan a lot If you told me that a long time I tried Tony that but you're so anti-passion Just because I don't have a reason Dates are anti-social Or you're anti-social And not only that you're gay I know that's a social I just hate everybody 10 past nine and five 60 WQM we all have different lifestyles You're there for you need different products to make you feel better And healthier too All you meant Mediterranean formulas are exactly what you're looking for The advanced combinations A pharmaceutical grade alcohol combined Will really good healthy stuff There's vitamins in there Minerals, urbals, other nutrients scientifically designed To provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support Specific health needs Look for all you made three new formulas One to help you sleep One to help you control your weight And cook you 10 Which is so important for your heart All you went also makes supplements to build health And your circulatory system Your digestive, your endocrine system Your skin, your bones Even your mind All you're using the benefits of the final style Or you can find and please don't forget They make products for men and ladies as well All you meant an outstanding product and more and more people are pop And they're pushing me to pick some up today all over town You'll find it in public's, echrets, whole food markets, wall greens If you want to find out more about olio-med's products And what I can do for you Call tool free and the answer on your questions Call 1-866-Oliomid That's 1-866-666-63 Can also order their products online At oliomedamerca.com And don't forget market on your risk Cause it's a long way off Visit their sampling for any of its forced time Every Sunday during dolphin season Start feeling great today by popping some oliomed in your posts FIVE IN LOKO This is 5-666 The Rio of York A few weeks She's that man's a freak I was gonna say him back Keep catching some zee Some zee Just hire or do I have a zee I have no you got something baby I'm a waste to work I thought I would freeze Call 1-866-Oliomid That got his righty That got his righty That got his righty You're about to pop out of I just found out that I have to work late Call 1-866-Oliomid That makes five straight nights I've been here today Call 2-866-Oliomid Call 2-866-Oliomid Which my most would die That would be great That got his righty That got his righty That got his righty That got his righty I would like to pull eggs like My boss is browning And I'll pull a break Keep a side to his back That says kick me I'm a hit of fun I'm a hit of fun That would mess with his butt Definitely That would mess with his butt I'm a hit Take out his righty Take out his righty F I've been here for about six years I love the way those in real are blocked All HG and every one of those And we've got real right Quick like that Can you show your toes baby Jacko files complaints over TV show What are a lot of wacko Jacko is following complaints Or threatening to anyway But that's part of the course You know what I'm saying Anyway, Michael Jackson file complaints With two TV watchdogs I think a pop or Veli sometimes Let's see what's sleeping is Beds Oh And before we get back to that Somebody facked me this This is kind of cute Washington Post publishes a yearly contest And which readers are asked to supply Alternate meanings for various words And we'll talk about this later But number 13 on list is oyster Oh Here a person who sprinkles his conversation With Yiddish expressions And oyster That would be cute I guess I'm an oyster And you know what? And you know what? What? What? What? And you know what? They just said Yeah Well see if you're going to do that You should have already We don't have time to agree Jackson who said he felt Be trained by the terrible documentary Had his lawyers file The complaints with Britain's independent Television Commission and the broadcasting standards Commission Saying he'd been unfairly treated by the program And what at least five billion dollars more Freep publicity I guess Huh? And that would ease up Sadavanski that done His legal team also claimed that living with Michael Jackson And Britain on Monday was an infringement of his privacy The program of course was on last night on 2020 on ABC I'm sure somebody out there watched it Let's see it look at all the calls coming in about that show last night That they're on fire They are on fire All these people like right one Oh, or calls on his show I don't see any coming in yet On the screenless nine to ten hour About Michael Jackson on ABC last night On 2020 which I didn't see And we certainly acquiring minds Want to know what you'd be thinking The complaint file with the independent television Commission alleged that documentary contains the clear And you window that Mr. Jackson is guilty of inappropriate behavior with children Yeah It's said that shows voiceovers questions and editing gave Credence to allegations made against him in 1993 of a sexual offense against the child Yeah In the complaint file with the broadcasting standards Commission Jackson said he was not given any prior warning of the Narrators intent to interview him about the 93 incident Or to question the legality of his correlation chips with children WCWM Speaking Yes sir Forget all some of the law Forget Saddam saying Okay Michael Jackson is definitely the scariest person in the world I would say he's pubic enemy number one He is this guy is just so weird And not that I want to give many sympathy But he's he never had a child I was listening please Please don't do yourself a favor Don't repeat stuff that other people planted in your brain George was doing that this morning And this is the way the public operates You're like a bunch of sheep That's a bunch of crap Okay so we grew up in an abusive family with a miserable father That's not an excuse for it The guy's 40 years old The guy's 44 years old This business of body never had a child And he's doing it now Well I agree That's not an excuse He's been using that line Ever since the LaToya whipped out that first cancel check For two three million dollars from that difference It's been a reason It's not an excuse It had to have led to part of what is problem Yeah One scary screwed up human being Amen And have a great day I just am worn out on that crap Well listen to the play I'm missing that point Up he's f up You know something so was Ted Bundy Yeah, so he's David Birkwit He's got a sub-show Charles Manson See when people are f up to the extent that they represent a threat To other people We have to put them away We have to write Psychiatric I have to put them in an out-coutransmit To separate See in the Netherlands If you really want to be honest about it Pedophiles are sick people So instead of just throwing their asses in jail Whether it's the priest or whether it's him or whoever it is They have to be put in some kind of a Lack box My partner's Ireland way out there They didn't let out There's no cure Not let out because we haven't discovered a cure for it It's as of yet a cure for insanity As of yet We haven't discovered a cure for it LeBotomy The singer also said his own children were in properly Filming wasn't allowed to see the documentary As promised before his broadcast The watchdogs have the power to censure offending broadcast Is in England Yoddi yoddi I trusted Martin Mishir to come into my life And that of my family because I wanted the truth to be told Jackson said in the statement Released by his London representative Stephen Lock See I told it was a lock box Today I feel more betrayed than perhaps Every before that someone who got the know my children my staff and me Who my lit into my heart until the truth Could then sacrifice the trust I placed in him and produced this terrible and unfair program he said It isn't tragic that now we find out that he really did sleep with McColle Colkan Ed is brother Now we want now we understand why McColle is sulking WQIM Yes sir I want to spend a thing I thought yesterday was a woman hands with low blood Low blood is here on the shoulder Yes But they're laughing And Paul I think it was saying put your head on my shoulder Yes And Paul I think it was saying put your head on my shoulder Okay And you and the And they're buying their buying his records That's the thing that just shocks the hell out of me Wait a second I want the for free Maybe all the pentophiles are turned on by this now Oh now we're sure we we're pretty sure before but now we're absolutely sure Now we can really go out there and listen to that Now we have a spokesperson maybe we can bring Vincent Price back to nearly his next album Someone to justify their leanance WQIM Yeah hello I call Jackson Hotline Tomorrow's soccer game any sort of WQIM WQIM Mail Yes sir I must have always hear we just talked to The borderline frightening I mean I was just absolutely you know I didn't even want to think my wife actually paid it I think that's there when she got home Okay, I'm just on the couch reading something and then all the sudden it goes on I'm just I stopped the newspaper I started watching this thing To this like a I mean it's like watching a free show I mean it was like Well he was not a really personalized a free show If he was like he was fighting I mean I just couldn't believe some of the stuff that this guy is saying And the biggest the biggest laugh was about the plastic surgery You know I've never had I've never had a place Oh no I just just two notes job that's it I mean you don't believe in the real I don't really so he could sing better I'll absolutely you know unbelievable I mean he wants to sue somebody out of through the plastic surgeon Because if that's his idea of a nose job good luck to us And I'll tell you why I like it what what does named what's the guy named Martin? Bashir. Bashir. He did a he did a great job And it was it was no suck up softball stuff I mean he really pinned him in the wall Well I got it on tape. I'm gonna watch it as soon as I go home this afternoon I want to see if he did a good job I mean at some time it looked like it was a little bit of softball But boy he he and then the last interview Down in Miami and he really pinned him in the wall on the on the children stuff I'm sorry the children stuff I'm sorry the children Very good Did a great job Okay, thanks a good area I'm fact I'm gonna leave right now and go home and watch it See you Thanks That can't leave now can I get an early pass all of we got to eat probably got to get some food in here Zack didn't get any food don't do what the food are you crazy complaining all week about him coming in here See when you want food in here then it's another story about what I suggest And how does he get the Carlos again to hate you like poison? Oh I know that I went in there. I mean I make a leak this morning. He was in the sink and he would I could hear that God sucks God sucks Yeah little voice coming out of the sink George sucks. That's what he was saying Maybe he saw the results of that pull on Wednesday But at any rate Now we'll get whatever to help we want to get I don't have to get permission from you who now are you like my grandpa grandma See yeah 60 years old already got one mother who treats me around five years old I don't need a surrogate mother. Okay, I already got one. Give me the one that's up for nag nag nag nag nag nag nag nag nagging mother with a peppery and pepper. Yeah Lara do right Jack asked And by the way In case everybody forgot George you're gay Some people wish oh anyway, we're going to do the I don't know how we're going to do that though Well, we'll get through with Michael Jackson we'll do the thing about the information because I'm Friday We don't have to feel rushed to get the new pull up there Because they got all weekend to deal with it and this one I don't know That's just for fun. What's your favorite TV information and I realize that may sound like a freaky question But the fact of the matter is there are freaky people like me and Carlos and here who actually find Informersials entertaining do you know that if it's really disparate like how do we can? And I see just looks like when a godfather comes on and you can't turn it off and you watch it even though you've seen a hundred times Same with it like the one poopy all show time the rotisserie oven Right am I right? Can't turn it off. Okay, I especially like the part where he takes the hammer and slander and you oh Yeah, they're all gonna like that now even those people are all getting paid off Which is likely or they're all getting the free rotisserie oven, which is also likely or they're all on magic mushrooms, which is most likely They get paid and lunch. Oh free lunch. I knew a man can you imagine a farm would start taping those information Down here like a cemetery village dick find or get pop at a park and turn them on how if he gave my free spaghetti dinner Those people would all get up and start ah, so great this adventure even though Edison would be proud They'd be following it tomorrow if we're not going to each other down to get to the free food and make their statements Of sure there are more people like you and Carlos Oh well if they weren't they wouldn't be putting those damn things on there and I confess I did buy the juicy man See back in the days of early satellite TV when I had my first dish back 16 years ago There used to be I mean the stuff I'm now doesn't come close to those things. There used to be really great Informersials that would go on forever and I bought my first vitamin sub blender was like a steel I remember that yeah Vitamix through a thing to an information it was okay. I was just about a month or two and then I shmipped candid I actually never throw them out. They are all wide up in the kitchen cupboards, you know And then of course I bought the juicy man's juicer broke the second time I used it And then and I started and I did work wrong big bushy eyebrows after I used that from the juicy man. What's his name? I can almost think of his name Jay Jay Courditch Courditch That's his name Jay Courditch I think the juicy man who's actually only 25 but looks 116 because he's been juicing it too much You got those days of stuff. I just told you what it is. It's say Courditch or Courditch got damn Carlos that quick picking on George Although he can't do anything for it In fact it be honest with you. I think so where we get luck for I don't think anybody can do anything. Oh that was difficult That was hey I did my best. You're for crap get some stuff from Tony's near we have bug Brad in a long time Although what time do they open they don't want to know if they don't know for an early hours keep calling until they do open Now we want that stuff in here early so we need all through the show today. We ought to do a pull on at some time What are you laughing about well if you audiences doesn't like it if it's resounding enough will stop beating on here Well, we no plus when I'm not here. I don't need on the or anyway when I'm out of town Somebody's well make up for lost time while I'm here Right, nobody's been a bring me food and Toronto that are going to say that up say did let me go do it They're knocking on my door. I got to go get the food. Yeah, probably that's a good idea. But you have a concierge. Yes 27 after nine at five sixty WQM speaking of food the lights of West Boca is your mega store for the Atkins die I don't many low-carb shirt free died. It's the place to shop guess the losses on the Atkins they've What's his name what's his name? Dave they are producer the Dave what's his heygan? Heygan how can I forget his name? He's a good guy Dave. Heygan's on the Atkins. I didn't know he was fat Maybe that's why maybe he's a little pudgy There's good reason you ought to join the thousands of travel to the lights because they've got over 600 delicious low-carb food products Specifically for you the whole store is dedicated to you if you're on a low carb diet this week Be sure and sample their new low carb tortilla chips in original or pico galo flavor by carb sense and of course You love their great tasting no carb or shit if I hold in farm You'll be in snack heaven when you put that stuff in your post so whether it's carbolite ice cream bread chips muffins cheesecakes Post-end sauces the lights of us focus the place you love and don't forget you can try it before you buy it anything in the store They're staff knows dieting inside and out they're open every day seven days a week from ten to ten and they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products The books divided means all that good stuff and even better news is there always 25% off all day every day So if you're on atkins or any other similar to program Here's an entire store that's dedicated for you the number one low carb sugar feaster in the universe The lights are West Boke you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades and 441 right next to Boston market a column tool free at 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web If you're like it low carb.com Why do you best it? Twenty single women looking for love travel to our remote Shattel in France where they will meet him They know he's handsome. They know he's sophisticated and they know he's worth 80 million dollars What they don't know is he has an STD which one of the 20 girls buying for his infection? I mean Affection will he choose tune in each week for Joe contagious. I can't believe I'm here. This is so cool I just hope I can handle all this rich food and expensive wine. Hey, I'm over to me. It really burns like when I take a lead What Joe contagious Tuesday nights on Fox catch it then gets to a doctor I'm 33 At five sixty W to QM. This is disturbing from the Brit paper the Guardian this morning Somebody facts this to me. Thank you so much. UK war dossier sham say experts British intelligence lifted from academic circles Articles rather down the street was last night plunged in an acute international investment after it emerged at large parts of the British government's latest dossier on Iraq Allegedly based on intelligence material were taken from public academic article some of them several years old A midcharges of scandalous plagiarism on the night when Tony Blair attempted to rally support for the US Lead campaign against Adam Hussein light halls dismay was compounded by the knowledge that the disputed document was single out for praise by the West Secretary of State Colen Paul and his speech the one security council on Wednesday citing the British dossier entitled a rackets infrastructure concealment deception and intimidation in front of a worldwide A television audience Mr. Paul said I would call my colleagues attention to fine paper that the United Kingdom distributed which describes an Exquisit's a tale Iraqi deception activities, but on channel four news That's how it was revealed that four of the reports 19 pages have been copied with only minor editing and a few insertions from the internet version of an article by Abraham Al Marashi which appeared in the Middle East review of international affairs last September How do you like that? I'm not gonna read the whole thing, but in fact we probably ought to put this on the website Curluses happen right on it, but it just so much crap going on, you know what we'll get to our poll eventually But there's a lot of crap for example speaking of pedophiles a Georgia priest has been given 10 years in prison A 10 year prison sense for sexually abusing two Montgomery County brothers in the early 1970s. This in Rockville, Maryland Wayland Brown apologized to his victims during a sentencing yesterday saying he wished there was something to do to ease their pain He had already played a guilty abuse which took place while he was studying at a Washington Seminary Brown later became a priest in Savannah But it hasn't worked in the church since 88 one of the brothers testified at Brown's hearing in Rockville yesterday that the abuse had ruined his life and made him consider suicide An Oklahoma man testified that Brown also abused him during the 70s while he was a boy in Georgia the man said Brown took him to Walt Disney World and made sexual advances to him during the trip just another isolated incident Or so many of these things, you know it nuclear bomb hoax From yellowtimes.com.org In a speech in front of the U.S. Security Council February 53,0003 colon piled did not offer any viable new evidence concerning a max nuclear weapon capability that Bush and his entourage continued to wave as a red flag in front of the eyes of the American people to Insight them shamefully into one unjust war on the contrary The few flimsy so-called pieces of evidence that were presented by Paul regarding his supposed continued to wreck a nuclear weapon program Servo need a weak in the American British accusations and reveal their untenable attempt to cover with a fig leaf their thread Where arguments a misinformation campaign the false and unthrough piece of evidence follow when it goes out for example Powell and a theoretical query asked why the Iraqi scientist were asked to sign declarations with the death penalty found adhered to not to reveal their secrets to the IAEA Inspection teams exactly the opposite is true the four or five is every call such declarations Which are written to tale held us to the penalty of death in the event that we did not hand in all the sensitive documents and reports that may still be in our possession This is written by a former Iraqi nuclear scientist Iman Kuduri had Paul's intelligence services provided him with a copy of these declarations and not to put it on the factors testimonies Who are solely motivated by the sub promotion in the eyes of their beholders and avail themselves to a good Arabic translation with his declarations exactly said He would not had he had any sense been abiding by the truth Manchin this is evidence Edico's also put this one on there too, okay. I want to overwork in her Carlos, but there's some pretty damn good stuff and obviously I don't want to sit here and read the whole thing because the public's convinced out there anyway They bought it lock stock in viral right and the fact that the polls say yada yada Whatever the poll say that's what it's all about we're gonna go in here and kick some ass baby. I would say this though This from MSNBC's website the state department warned Americans abroad yesterday of the threat of new terrorist attacks using chemical or biological weapons The world-wide alert came as US security official told NBC news that they were considering raising their assessment of the threat of terrorist attacks Two are you ready for this orange It's second highest level setting intelligence indications for plans of a major attack as early as next week The threat assessment has been at the third or five levels yellow were elevated since September 24 The assessment was last at orange or a high for two weeks beginning September 10 They'd be for the first anniversary of nine eleven attacks in New York or Washington, DC US officials had at the time the two captured members of Osama bin Lanzel Katernett worked had told interrogators of specific plans to carry out new attacks Homeland security department official told NBC news pit Williams yesterday that the level of concern was out at high since the nine level of attacks administration officials said they were reassessing the threat level one day at a time as the US moved closer to taking military action against Sodom who saying which critics contend with an inflame US sentiment among Muslims worldwide Defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld dismissed talk that new attacks could be ties specifically to Washington Iraq It doesn't take an attack on Iraq to one nation attack a terrorist attack on the US They've already done it Rumsfeld said what do you think nine eleven was but But a senior Bush administration official told NBC news that US intelligence had been intercepting a steadily rising number of conversations Among suspected members and sympathizers of al-Qaeda The new intelligence some watch was described as very general suggested that the possibility of attacks around the world was higher now Another concern is the arrival next week of HHA J The week long period each year when observant Muslims make a pilgrimage to the Holy City of Mecca and Saudi Arabia US officials said the official told NBC news that intelligence had picked up discussions of possible attacks around the Hodge While other official said extremists could be motivated by renewed religious server to launch more tax. I just mentioned that in passing Cuz we're not gonna change anybody's mind and Dustin Hoffman blasted to administration over Iraq what the hell does he know? I Don't know he's a very good driver Excellent to Oscar winner Double Oscar winner Dustin Hoffman accuses President George W. Bush administration of manipulating the grief of the country post nine eleven When backing for possible over the rack Hoffman speaking as he picked up the lifetime achievement prize at the Empire magazine film awards in central London Added that he believed America's motives are going to work included power and oil Huh for me is an American the most painful aspect of this is that I believe the administration has taken the events of 911 and many related the grief of the country. I think that's reprehensible Hoffman said The acturated I believe though I may be wrong cuz I'm the expert that this wars about what most wars are about Hedge many power money and oil Hoffman joins a number of Hollywood stars over tank bush over Iraq diva Barbara stristand Oh, that's what the oyster said and actresses Jane fond and Susan surrendered them on the most prominent pacifist Jane fond who we know is got a lot of credibility But after Tom Cruise was very very much a one definitely not gay Who started alongside Hoffman and Rainman has come out and support the US president Which is a very it's the macho thing to do right? That proves it. Yep 20 tilton I'm convinced 20 tilt ten and five sixty WQ and we're putting that pool on here, but what I'll tell you there's got to be what about 600 choices on here So prepare to scroll on our pool this weekend Huh you have to have a lot of time if you're gonna scroll on the old pool I'll tell you who's scrolling right now. They just check it out the enormous number of vehicles on a lot That's Tom lemon and Joe pre-edered on a hell of money at GMC the fact we sent them so many vehicles They're like up to their armpits up to their eyeballs and vehicles even time had a park a few in his driveway That's the excuse for why they're there. They probably won't be going back So need to place one in yours, which is a great idea Right now how let's blown our all the new vehicles regardless of property including the potty egg vibe Starting at a striking me low 13,000 nine on the eight and up to five grand off every GMC on boy and stock Plus get you zero percent financing or up to a $3,000 rebate the choices yours and as always you find a gigantic lot full of dependable No lemons dependable pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs. It's the winner of Lizard emergency clearance sale going on right now at halapone GMC 134136 E-highway that's you us want across from the falls open every day seven days a week If you want those people out there terrified to walk on a lot because you've been maybe a couple of blemishes on your credit record Maybe your credit is lousy. Maybe it's crap. Have no fear because how let is here They'll get you into a vehicle as always save even more when you mentioned the arirard your show Car right now mentioned the arirard's nearly a hotline and one triple eight five three four four Four two eleven one triple eight five three four forty two eleven for halapone GMC will treat you great which is one of the reasons they say we are professional great I Taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent Look as ridiculous as possible. We hope we reach that goal Tonight on Jerry Springer it's the balance on addition You for your so damn sweet you fix the mucker on my elk amino you ductate the door of the trailer You spade the dog You like the fun to the kids except the jett row after you knocked out your cheese. I just love you I love you But I wish you were in a no good loader You ain't got no job and I'm tired. You steal the mossy grass but add no and bring them those damn Look at them and now I'm broken late at the diner. He's not a hunker. She's my sister. That's tonight on Jerry Springer It be over and knock your other two fails I 46 560 WCM the man's ingenious jury springer like I said All you people want to ring your hands all this discussing hey, that's what the public wants Okay, if the public are a bunch of trailer trash morons if that's what they enjoy watching are a bunch of other trailer trash morons And a big bunch of big fat antial mamas on era beating the crap out of each other allegedly Oh hey, that's uh, what why he's making millions okay give the people what they want we learned at an issue Okay, no more more more these long ponders bedtime story shows you know a couple here in air like we've had already and then one more Well, I look what you want for me, okay? I didn't invent this Dicey suspense priest after prior charges surface. This is in the the Sun Sentinel so antial mamas on era Beating the crap out of each other allegedly. Oh, hey, that's uh, what why he's making millions okay? Give the people what they want We learned at an issue okay no more more more these long ponders bedtime story shows You know a couple here in air like we've had already and then one more Well, I look what you want for me, okay? I didn't invent this Dicey suspense priest after pro no sexual misconduct allegations against Johnson would surfaced in the 50s I'm unaware of anything in his background which would render him unsuitable to work with miners law wrote And discipline we actually against him would have to originate with the boss in church officials barbarous said for you got some real problems up there in Palm Beach, okay? Not a father problems going on Well, look at how we have the pull up already, which is good. What's your favorite TV? Informers shall like I said scroll on our poll before you write to judgment and maybe they'll have some others, but I can't imagine Should we go down the list could take us to Midnight to go down this list? Oh, well in that case. What is about a hundred of mon here? The ad door the abshaper the abdominal electrocution pads Chinese doctor electrocution pads? Yes, to work out your abdomen But they call it the electrocution pads he couldn't find the real day Ac arobed the self-inflating airbed. Oh, you have seen that auto lock pro break lock both legs Not bad one and fire rocker The John rocker Carlton sheets real estate system. Oh, man. That guy so full of sheet Vila meal a food lover mover Richard Simmons Richie Simmons. He's got a different one air. He's got tank cards. Yeah, do you know a lot stuff? Swined to the oldies It's called making Richie some money because he's an obnoxious disgusting fruitcake and the his no talent and so he heard a said Yeah, no that was the other way around. Oh, I say Dermal tone facial exercise your electro shock for your push Donald praise money making secrets now is that the that's the young guy kind of a good looking guy Yeah, yeah, yeah, what of a money making secret what the where's the life this crap on TV and boy the money just come before you in from suckers like you That's a secret the egg wave microwave cooker for microwave in eggs Isn't that just like a little plastic thing you stick the eggs in yeah, does that cost at least four cents Apple stop here removal spray what the hell's Apple are you spelling these writer just the EPIL that Apple stop I see fight the anxiety what's that Anxiety tapes for our anxious people I reckon I see over tapes and CDs Anxious to see the flavor wave oven the food saver vacuum pack. Oh, you know something that's one of my favorite Yeah, you get to the point we just want to start wrapping people up in that stuff Hey, we could maybe collect take everybody was head wrap it up in that thing Just a lot cheaper and put in a ice all kinds of things you can keep fresh enough food saver vacuum packer Especially for all you back packers that go out there in those camping trips and some of you fudge Packers always good to have a whole bunch of those plastic your containers full of nuts and seeds and fruits Three-barked tree barker to good you'll give them to be proud George Forman grill which of course is the lean me grill and machine which George gave me one of those years ago And we look good my kitchen. I don't use it. I did use it a few times. It was good But then you got to clean up the mess, you know, which I'm not big on it Girls gone wild videos now. What's that? I'm sure I've seen it We have comedy bits making fun of it right and flash and For beads oh they're for action. I fun right GLC great looking here and that's another round The whole aspect oh on the women says GLC here. You got wrong years ago And we look good my kitchen. I don't use it. I did use it a few times. It was good But then you got to clean up the mess, you know, which I'm not big affect what it cleans up your hand And the feet wow so either get the I the She a perfect bath and maybe like a bar costed a lot cheaper probably internet treasure chest What's that? How to make money on the internet? Oh? I'm just gonna give him the microphone. No, you just think the juice lady juicer and the juicy man juicer the juice lady I guess is like with the smaller eyebrows the guy no version Miracle blade too moving men Neds Harry move Jill Neds these nuts you put them on your neds. I guess your costel probably would be a hell of a lot of the easier and shaving orange glow Now we're talking my stuff. We got two back to back. Yeah Billi maze. They have not just bearded one Billy maze who screams real out. Hi. This is Billy maze for orange glow and oxy clean And you're gonna spell like oranges your house is gonna spell like oranges your back though everything's just smell just like oranges Maybe does maybe even tangereens Along with lower confused on the purple stuff. I'm not sure which one of these is that the oxy clean that's purple Which are gonna send you 45 tubs of that. Oh, what about the other stuff that blue? What do they call? I'm saying you may really blew it if I can say that What do they call that blue gunk that's supposed to be for arthritis? Oh, you know It's a comes in the looks like a cottage. She's super blue stuff super blue is that what it's called? That's got a nail find it well find it on her super blue I see that one all the time just smear that all of it's kind of like mineralized Oxy clean proactive facial cleaner anti-acty system think about that Carlos gets him Reboast dollar hair burst that spins on its own. Oh, you're that question about 16 cent to make It's a little tiny a thing that like curls around on your head isn't doing anything Robo QT haircut or vacuum haircut or he's got his own pro-acty And what does that do? Obviously not much because he's using it the Ron Popeel food dehydrated. This is really good for your pot I mean for your plants Dry out your all your herbs will not too much plants not too much not any maybe the oven makes a little bit too Anyway the Ron Popeel food dehydrated which is a plastic chachki. Oh, there it goes being a Wonder wait I found it If I'm gonna suck on something it's not gonna be an oyster. Okay good What was I just gonna say before interrupted me with a really weak drop in would man the dehydrated all that he hydrate With the plastic trays that must cost about at least 19 cents to make that thing and You plug the machine everything around's got from the pocket fisherman to the plastic trays You plug the machine into the wall and the machine will make you the most beautiful like Parsley and sage and rosemary and time etc. So on The Ron Popeel pasta maker man you want some really crappy looking pasta You want on mess in your kitchen and really loud loud machine and a really loud grindy thing Don't worry about it. Oh, because it'll break the second time to third time using it and then of course The wife finally after all these years came up with something good That's gone Ron the Ron Popeel show time or to see barbecue which already has got my vote Look at this I hate all and commercials. It's got 23 votes Rumba the automatic robot vacuum that's that little thing we talked about yesterday that crawls around the floor Solar flex which used to be really good when Scott Mazda was the model and that thing Oh, man, but it's still okay Sonic here teeth care the Sonic toothbrush the steam buggy portable steam cleaning unit Sweat into the oldies richy Simmons come on super blue stuff Super blue stuff stick it in there, okay. That's that's and I remember I asked on the air about that and nobody told me Nobody anything to say about Oh, they're made their wallet a lot lighter. We can't think of the name of the Steve Garvey one Which I think they was somebody went to jail for that they needed the diet program and thank God that there's nobody in America Oh, you know what else we forgot nobody in America would exploit the misery and desperation of us fat people What's that stuff? They have that supposed doctor sitting there in a real cheesy set with a plant in the background and the guy who's interviewing or what the hell's that stuff called? Is it pills? No, no, yes pills, but it's oh, geez It'll come to me. All right, and then the eeds you know, I have Marilyn and what has been the eeds who hopped on the icons and slipped that off They're also peddling that It'll come to me it's on the tip of my thing Table type of table Table Marshall ox exercise tapes the fine master Susan summers blue thigh thing She's got blue thighs from using it the thunder stick other one of my very favorites that was seen it You never saw it where this real trailer trash old lady is there. She's got this cheesy little and and then that real goofy looking guy Who looks like a radio sale use car or radio salesman on a bad day? We'll dress up like a little I'm found interesting. What do you take the little plastic containers and you stick to thunder stick in there And you're put a bunch of milk and a whips up makes you know, I'll hold on with my car. Yeah, I'll grind around a stick thing. Yeah, I might exactly Understick let's get to the stick it time-like music CD collections They're actually pretty entertained to watch sometimes Tony Robbins with that big face He's got a head that weighs a hundred pounds torso tiger the torso traction and summers the total gym Chuck Norris and Christie Berkeley The turbo cooker the Windsor pilots exercise tapes with celebrities. What? Windsor pilots Pilates Excuse me the zap all provisclator and Z Max auto engine lubricant improvement liquid stuff those it is to few and I'm sure that has some of their on at least we hope Why in local your sports radio five 60s you a Mr. the Vicki Mielbo craze here is great new kids are gonna love the new tickley jacodiles The life like Michael Jackson flush toy that titters when you tickle in genital and mom Not only is a machine washable, but the color gets lighter with every while and it comes some please Is the attachable those and he took catch Let's take a me jacodile you from built in Bentley recommended for boys ages six through 12 If you missed well I was the beginning of that which I had the apoptone serve about that Am I certain about it not really here's a couple of facts is from one of our chronic facts is it said the one for the and we're now that he go He's the informational queen I mean expert We're how the Carlos go maybe to slow or pee no he he he can't smoke during the show when he's involved I mean when he's not involved which is most of the time anything meaningful. That's okay He can't smoke or pee the one for the shirt folder the one where you place the shirt on a little cardboard Plastic folding thing and you flip it to the middle and a folder sure is perfectly why seeing that all right that's Okay, the the shirt. Sure air because listening he can just stick it out there What does he know also it says like the small handy 600 one vacuum cleaner picks up nuts and both everything else Putting the bowling balls and dildoes. I got one at brands mark-minds called the shark The shark vacuum I guess I don't know for season he's not here. He's out picking around somewhere So we don't know since he since this is his one area of expertise that we finally found is TV informers. And he's out dittling around with his shark He's queues. He didn't say where he was going. He just up and left. What's your favorite TV informers? So we asked today plus did you see Michael Jackson last night because I didn't and George didn't he said the oh He went to get the mail. I say he went to get the very important mail. Is there mail important? No, we need you in here. We don't need you slept around getting the goddamn mail. Okay We need you in here to tell us about the shark a little vacuum whatever and what was the other one? The plastic one shirt folder. What's that called you know shirt folder of the shirt folder? I don't know we didn't need him for that anyway the shirt folder. You see that thing and then what's the thing where they have the plastic thing Where you put your for the travel thing where you put your pillows in it Have any of us you that one the space saver this is very good the space saver Where you take your huge big fluffy pillows and you put him in this plastic and a plastic Your your squeeze and it sucks all the arrow and by that your your pillows the size of a postage stamp right and then when you get to like Lisbon where when you're going or to a Madrid or like to a Band-in-aid you're unload your bag dead and you like Let it out and it all puffs up again nice and fluffy and etc Let's see that kind of nice easy to travel if you have a big dog you travel with two I guess Huh or your mom or my would be good That sounds really like a winner to me. It's a current the overhead right 43 people say I hate all infomercials that's bad. How could you say that? That's probably because they never saw a good one or because they don't have the patience to sit through and Realize that a lot of those over entertaining even though you would never ever well You never know if you get hooked maybe that's what they're afraid of that They're gonna get hooked and they're gonna actually wind up making these 17 easy payments of only 49 99 each things like that 48 people say I hate all infomercials 19 guess which one is leading I give you one guess pocket fisherman girls gone wild. Oh, what a surprise Girls got wild videos. That's what they want to see Ron Popeel show time or this rebarbecue is tied with the Ron Popeel pocket fisherman with seven of these That's gone Ron See of course when you watch the girls gone wild you can go pocket fishing at the same time. No question about that And maybe good hooked on it now. Let me ask you this The pocket fisherman is that also referred to as a machine. Oh, I guess what how could we forget? You shmuck since we've got a hole where we got at least two bits on it the Ron Popeel Vigimatic that slices and dices and in tices right right of course and makes everything as small as little rices Oh, sorry condolese, that's sorry Let's see the pocket fisherman and never saw one four come on get out of town We got four people in the sun. It's never saw an infomercial Maybe they don't have cable. That maybe they don't have a TV Look if they got a pop up toaster. That's all I need there's so frequent they're all in a place You're surrounded by them. You're living a boy over rounding in a sea of informers 20 robins three and it's a small potatoes after that out of our first whatever we got boats 101 So the pole is up there and like perus and then anything you don't find in there we'd like to hear from you because we want to make a complete list of what at least Two three and up at least 400 keep your off the streets this weekend WQ a m how you doing today okay, good. I figured if I call now you could knock one of those Payments off Okay, one of the 1499 payments off how you doing now excellent good good all right how we get that? I'm I'm sitting here. I yeah. I mean it was you know very enthusiastic and said it was so humble. What does that mean? Did we give out our toll free number to call and our operators are standing by I see Okay, well figured out what's the food gets here okay? So it's column and the party started Which is when Irish shows up and probably scottled tag along too. You know he's a tag along 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Michael Jackson the freak friend or foe That's our pull that's our honor question today George says he was had a bad childhood a bad upbringing and so that's a good excuse for why he's molesting all these little Everything that's what you said and that's what your castello called you and also said is that did he call you? He was talking about it on the air Carlos heard it. Oh You're confused and he said what he says what did he say with reasons? But he feels sorry for him and I don't he's not a pedophile and he's wait wait You know something I feel sorry for us Because Joe before he got married used to be a really good guy. He was our good friend now all I can say is he's an asshole He goes on the air is belly a kind about my picking on old people well you can't do that because we're all gonna get old He's become a goody two shoes no wonder the numbers are in the tank no wonder Moe is bitching about having no lead in Huh you think we got a bad lead and how you'd like to follow that To desperate guy. I mean Joe just got married. I guess the thrill is long gone by now like Michael would say the thrill is gone Huh nobody would say But I mean to be defending him and say he's not a pedophile based on what I He's a black job So WQA I'm alone temporary yes, sir Neil I'm sorry to talk about Monday what made him so goofy or sociopathic yeah He was born to Girl that was you know barely a few best and he was raised with the impression that his mother was actually a sister Right, that's right by his grandma right In terms of Immortals could you play bad dramatic at some point okay when it's been you got it and say how to tend for us Hope it's not getting uncomfortable five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miami hello Reading please Yeah, he don't like the articles I guess he doesn't like the content And the answer is no I'll read whatever and how I want to read okay What's he had nothing for us he had stop reading please he's got nothing to say look if I thought I could sit here and take eight million phone calls all day Whether they were good batter and different it wouldn't be any problem. I never read anything But it's the same old Neil begs for calls. That's what you want Don't do me any fun to sit here and read and feel like after read a mile a minute because I don't want to put everybody into a coma But there's some things that need to be read as opposed to just the usual spoon fed propaganda that the public sucks up Oh, we like you so much when you're are just doing fun games because once you start with your liberal Yeah, right with a few points that you don't want to be expressed on the airways of America We do understand that don't we yes yes we do Oh, and I didn't put you down and do somebody you know what take that diary and stuff it up your ass okay pal We don't pander to anybody on this show because if we did believe me the nature of this program would be a lot different I'd become real head of a sexual overnight guaranteed I'd be talking about boobs and butts and biking and whatever to hold hot-time up and said Here's Miami hello Okay Have a question did you read a couple of days ago I was looking at the BBC website and you and they had an article about the church I was against on you type of new age Treatment from whether fun showy if yoga or whether and then the same could The it says that the post like Harry Potter now my person is it any country's dipping the seven people who say Halloween Which is an already pig in any type of guest is how you do you know the tenethes of which? Oh, yeah I think it is I think hey she'll tell you tenethes of which oh There's look at that there's an eight by the way bro your hockey team is in parking pass You did want the a Tampa big game which is tomorrow night Which I can imagine why anybody want to go see that but there you go The old Michael Jackson album a record hey boys and girls are you punks out there under the age of 70 They used to make records and there's Michael Jackson off the wall. This is a keeper. Yes, put this on the wall Wasn't she the pretty man? I'm a reminder of look at that What is going black pot time a black suit nice clean white under any black skin? Yeah, and that's right in his skin was actually like black back then it's supposed to very very whatever it is now like very light mocha You'll know and a real nose He looks like almost human right now skin is like well, let me ask you something if he had that bad upringing and bad childhood Which is the reason he's still living his child from the one understand that different how come back then? He seemed to be like a little bit better registered I did it with this No, no delay No, it was like on time delay He was always after Excuse maker it was on time was it was over? He was at it now word twister You a joke how Stella joined it's a hip no one regoes with it the swim club with you all the time, huh? They're not full in me either one of them I mean how could you possibly even say that why do you you're such a hard ass to begin right? Why do you keep making what he uses For a certain way Bro testkin freaky do you think it's nice that the 44 year old guys sleeping with 12 and 13 year old boy that? Word and this kid is putting his head on his shoulder and they're holding hands It's disgusting. He's a sicko. You know what we say and again I'm not I want to make very careful because all right wingers out there see those five But the fact that it matter is when I see a guy holding another guy's hand quite like that you know what I say? You're gay. That's what I say yeah and in his case you also a pedophile on top of which was really Reprehensible and you're making excuses I was even more than reprehensible. I was I find it disgusting in growth test. I was not Buzz Yeah, let me tell you right now call our friends at the bottom. I'm actually gonna get a good night sleep all need though They will not sell the if you're gonna be sleeping with little boys in your bed Okay, unless you're another little boy, which I guess maybe it's your brother cousin sleep over Anyway, then don't care whatever you're doing on there. It's not their business call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mhtt rs never great night sleep from valamacris because if you don't get a good night sleep You feel like crap. You know that already you wake up in a morning You don't feel like you've had any rest dial-emacris gear and tease you the top mattresses in the world. They got silly certissims king cool Every size every style and you have 30 days to try it out in your home to make sure it's the best mattress for you and you're back The best cometer change policy out of the sun the best delivery policy too any day the week You know how it works seven days a week. Do you pick the two hour window when it's convenient when you're gonna be home And they'll be there to take away the crafty old bedding and set up the exciting new one Unbeatable everyday low prices too. So why would anybody with a brain slept all over time to bedding or department stores When the smart ways to do what I'm doing in Georgia Miguel everybody else is doing get you a great new mattress a name brand mattress An unbeatable price from dial-emacris one easy call. That's all it takes 1 800 mattress 1 800 ma ttr ES or check them on the web if you like at mattress.com Tonight on HBO he was only a corporal during the first World War But 20 years later he was elected chancellor He tried to conquer the world through brutality and brilliant military tactics even though he was a little lightness jack boots The saga continues in their flaming sure Yeah, hold my god then let's get started. We need to attack from the behind and penetrate from the rear Your flaming fury tonight on HBO my god the enemies one of occasions have stiffen I love stiff forifications. We must take a firm grip in the bulge area Zipped down the front lines then swallow anything those yanks it act. It's history like you've never seen it before We'll see how church are like smoking mine up last That's a bit in five sixty WQ. I'm happy Friday to hit a miracle blade knife You jackasses this fact. You're also says say hello. That's firm burping spick for me. Hello George. Hey Oh George. No, not you not you What is it the mirror here like if he wasn't the one talking If you're gonna talk on that thing get closer to what I hear you're just mumbling Why he throws the microphone over here like if he was and miracle blade you got it. Yeah, what is that? For there more of those things with the sharp knives to get oh the ginsu What do they call that the ginsu one? They get today Jame McCorkill's real estate scam. It says who is now serving 20 years in prison for fraud along with his wife I don't remember that Jame McCorkill's real estate scam. I don't and what makes him any worse than that Carlton sheets Oh, I also got that years ago. I have that sitting I think I never threw it out the Carlton sheets thing You know what it is no real estate. It's a bunch of sheets No, not the kind you sleep on like like the heat to paper the flow be How could we forget the flow now what is the flow? We do I remember the name haircut it's a you attach it to your vacuum cleaner Oh, yeah, I remember that and here I want you here. I'll touch it all right down to wow. I know some barbers like that Here's what it says you didn't mention Tony the fact guy can't mention orange glory Look up down your house due to citrus canker. That's a good point But Tony the fact guy. That's the one that I was telling you before the chef the little round rotons chef He sells the against who knives among many many other things Mel that's name it a guy with the the we're the wonder stick Thunder stick wonder thunder stick Mel he's had a bunch of mel some schmuck a pus He's got like an overhang and he's always dressed even sloppy or than I am and just then He's got this red necky old broad. I can't believe you never saw the thunder stick Maybe and she's he taken her peanuts and she puts them into plastic things He's making peanut butter and she squishing them all around you know You ever saw that oh that's a lot of fun You better start watching your informer's Mr. instead of listening to that Michael Jackson album Too bad we don't have it over again. We don't have a turn table We could hear all the pops we do have we have a car machine but if I am guilty of anything It is of giving all that I have got all that I have to give my penis my buttocks my Lord torso thighs and any other error that they want it to help shoot in all over the world exactly You know what I'm always said about Michael Jackson's music. I'm infectious 10 19 at 560 WQM. I hate all information 71 of these hard-hearted bastards out there And you aren't a hate them all come on where is the fun and it lands right for God where was Girls gone wild videos 31 now we're talking Ron Popeel pocket Fisherman 10 the Ron Popeel Showtime which is we barbecue nine you better get with it That's a great info Marshall and And he's got them all where his daughter is on there the one I used to love and didn't put around that the cross side brought it used to do all the ones with him And she had a whole bunch of informers. Let's remember her she was like like care and black cross side But anyway, she'd start out the information and say and I want all of you to welcome Ron Popeel and he come on Hey, I know I want to thank you for being here because I know you're busy busy like like he was donating his time and What a wonderful thing that a busy man like him and the meantime is his own then in commercial okay Sonia products is I as a oh God. I know you're busy busy. You know with that and now we got the other chick that's got all the magazines Which he practically drove him on the floor. Oh, you're just getting so much publicity you're all over the place You're at this one and that one and a better homes in gardens and better conjoins whatever So you better get what at show time or tissue barbecue in fact Maybe some people will call in and tell us that they've actually bought some of these things See I have no shame. I mean that's why I'm working here. I have no shame So I'm not embarrassed to tell you that bought the curlton sheets thing a long time ago when I was a slipper I was gonna have a cell real estate buy it and sell it selling buy how to go for you sheets Yeah sheets in the closet sheets on your bed sheets in the closet but the download pre-thing money making I never got that one yet. That's why he's living under the overpass Oh, you mean Carlos. Yeah, he's still living out of the overpass, but he does get his mail there That's a good thing now it does get if it does get blown away on a windy day That's the unfortunate part of it, but he does give his mail. It's called a mail drop They just drop it like right next to his burlap sack 567.0560 here's a call from Hiali a hello Yes, sir. Oh, well, you know the show time rotisserie girl has two versions There's a cross and aiding which is Judy right and then there's the girl from the love boat So there's two different versions that out when there's several different ones There's the new smust slightly smaller one. Have you seen that one? I've seen I want to when I was when I was only 18 payments of 12999 Even if I'm even if I'm watching anything else and I see that I'll stop and watch it But my favorite one. I don't know if you've seen it is the jacala lane juicer. Oh, yeah He looks like he's 900 years old like why would I want to buy that juicer? So he can look just like him. He's still wearing the same outfit from the 50s or the six exactly What a trip. All right, you know, thank you very much. Okay, squeeze it hard. He's squeezing it on the jacala lane juicer. I guess that's if you're going to do one of those juices the idea is to take these real old guys And look at this. I'm still alive because I'm the juicy man. I'm drinking all those juice I'm I'm busy juice and all day long. I'm squeezing it But the fact that a matter like he says is who would one look like that? Who would one look like most of the people on the informers? Like fat Tony like male like that rednecky bro with her thunder stick got only knows where she's sticking at thing I can only speculate. It's a cost thunder. I get down there That's it the what you call it I'll back The outback just I talked with a thunder. Oh, so you're making a word the chocolate thunder down under I've had that Here's Miami. Hello, yes, sir. How are you doing now great? I have a shame on the surface. Yeah, can you play the one Where is Sadama and his generals are fooling the u1 The inspectors okay 567. 0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line you see build up a little enthusiasm and momentum although we do have lunch coming which is really good From your good close personal friend Ira And you know I'll tell you one thing if Scott comes in here. I just might kill some people Here's for Lauderdale hello For Lauderdale. I'm sorry you don't be sorry And you see the one the equal virtual with Ron Jeremy for extin are you kidding me in a See that you're seated. Yeah, so what's how can they put that on the air? Oh? They do they have it on the air. It's a cable tail. It's a penal extensions thing. Yes. Yes Roger me in a bunch of porkweed I Gotta keep my eye out for that. Yeah Okay, I'm gonna this is I go home. I'm gonna program my team and make sure to block it out You're not pulling okay, thanks. Thanks for the good night. He's surprised I haven't seen it like I would linger on the image of Ron Jeremy For more than a not me second would you would and I said won't allow that much here to come on and let's It blocks it out there ought to be a chair. So you've seen that it's a penis extender and how did now? Now that I think about it. How does that work? It's a medicine oh So medicine's another damn pill. It's like Fagra light or Viagra and tensor whatever Ron Jeremy hey one day you can look just as good as Ron and maybe you can be double-jointed too But I doubt it you can be a human furball like Ron remember that day that he was in here I'm okay and the way that some of the people in this building are hearing I know I mean why I don't know why I don't know I don't get it. I don't understand it Maybe they got this and a Peter North was in a building maybe a few years ago before it got to be 90 or if like Bambi woods or one of those people's in the building, but Ron's very hog oh and when I told him that right to his ugly pussy He got he was actually legitimately offended he was offended. I'm fat. Yeah, you're fat and We like Julio and you're Julio a lot is a great guy, but he's a fat tub He's not pleasingly pomp his a fat tub. He's huge That doesn't make him a bad guy, but he gets he's a not like that door Car was leaning on the door. Believe me. It'll take a lot more than you to keep him out of there and he's got the keys So why is it that so many fat people like like oh? You don't say that I'm pleasantly pumped. No, you're now your a big tub run Ron freaking Jeremy man good god put more than put your clothes back on the more you take off the more nauseous we get What was bigger his gut or his ego? No contest ego Massive ego But he's a close friend of a good buddy yours 26 past 10 at 5 60 WQMA Can use both their apartment someday. Okay, use the apartment. I'll tell you great places. Also a good friend of those people is Jeff Cohen And then interesting how this I've torn it that over the years right sooner later all the pieces of the puzzle They fit together, you know? And they are right here Jeff Cohen a really wild and woolly guy He's got two fantastic restaurants in Broward County the pizza law There's the original Broward location that's on university drive between Griffin and 595 right behind pure one Important they big pizza law plaza with about 6 million acres of free parking Marquis de Corn the armadillo cafe and then you got the brand new pizza law in plantation and boy Do we ever need something really good? out there because it's really sparse for that kind of a restaurant anywhere in West Broward and They're on a corner of Navajo and sunrise right behind Walgreens both restaurants featuring the same delicious Italian goodies Everything is cooked fresh made order nothing is prefab no crap They got three different kinds of great pizza the best garlic rolls like you're into you've ever had in your our life And they got chicken and meal and seafood and they got calzone super subs and lots more to like I said Prices are always very reasonable so you and a whole family can eat as often as you want if you want to take out or deliver your catering They do that too in David called us number 954 91688 80 954 91688 80 and of course in plantation 3a 2 1999 954 3a 2 1999 and Whatever you do make it a resolution in February already, but not too late to make a resolution in order Make up for the fact that rumors gonna get to full 100% discount now We're talking about how we know we damn well get a metal up on making sure that you're not gonna get that free lunch So we're gonna compensate for the fact that the rumors are gonna be there for free eat more often in usual like 10 20 30 times a week at the world famous pizza lot both location And With the dough it's not You see our ratings for the last book? Yeah, I know what's going on in here. Yeah, good, awesome idea. What's your back? I can play your own way, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though. Those are the ones. I got another thing about on top I get in right there, and I don't need a rating that's a minor, safe. Yeah, I can do it on there to send this to a guy, a white little heart, a russian gunster girl. And a lot of fat pretuses, you know. That's right, but you're back. When you want to wake a mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow. But you're back, that's what you want. Wait for mow, no mow, no mow. Oh, brother, all that blah-blah-blah, I don't understand. You can eat from a truck while you're in both hands. If it's that time you made a rating small, you just might click and it's all your fault. And a straight-de-up fat ass out. I will keep your food out of your mouth. That's right, but you're back. world will wake up, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow. No mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow, no mow. But you're back, that's what you want. Who are you? Yes, you got a rap! And now what's going on? 10. 32. 5. 60. W.K. Geldy, the good show this morning, Mo was out his dog, I guess his sick or something. And the guilty was on there alone, did a pretty interesting show. All that beat. Had a very great ambiance here this morning, and O'Reilly's clearance wasn't here monitoring the show, was a pretty interesting. Paul says, don't forget to flow me here cutting system. All we didn't probably just mention that like about 10 seconds ago. He probably won't paint too much attention. David Vokus says, how about the information running out for the pasta cooker? Yeah, this is heavy duty now. It's all over the place. The pan with the holes in the, that you turn the lid and it locks in place. So you go for the water out, scettied out the side. It says this one's funny because they have these retards pouring water for regular pans and done with spiyat in the sink like idiots. They show all these clumsy assholes splattering and burning and poaching and oysterring gut for bitches should use a colander. A colander. They actually have such a thing. And David Vokus says they're stupid. Yeah, is it really that hard to drink? Drain spaghetti? I don't think so. David Vokus at the end of his faxes is. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Pretty soon. Here's what it says is Ms. Cleo the psychic can sit in in from our show. You bet. It sure was. Gotta get Ms. Cleo on there, even though it may not. It does not to be one to son right now. And another good one. The blue blockers sung glasses with a fat wrapper. The blue blockers. The blue blockers. Don't we have a bit on that? The blue. We have something somewhere. A blue blocker bit. Also the snack master. Now that's what is that? Oh, yeah, that's the one where you like that would be perfect for me for my grilled cheese sandwiches. Oh, that's triangular. Yeah. Cooker thing. That's right. That's been a long time. We have a good memory for that. That was a pretty good thing. It looked like the grilled part of it was like a grill off a line. Like a portable waffle iron. And you just unfold it over. So it might like grilled cheese sandwiches on there or whatever. Is that the name of it snack master? Very good. Thank you so much. Also, Country Western's 160 greatest hits. If you imagine how much picking and green you could do 160 greatest hits, you could pick until your brain bled. I mean, you don't have to put these on or this is certainly the snack master probably does. In addition to which most of the people hate these all anyway, which is why we ought to be doing this. We're asking today what's your favorite TV informational. Assume, I mean, we could ask which one do you hate the most, or is the most annoying? But we don't want to be so negative, do we? It always accused me of being negative right. I try to be a little positive. And I still think that a lot of them are very entertaining, especially compared to so much of the crap that's on round the clock. Crap. Turn on the cable crap. You turn on satellite number one, more crap. Satellite two. I mean, you can smell it. Like you're like your TV set ought to be sitting on a septic tank. It's surrounded by so much crap. So you get it. But information on a saying this is a pretty interesting. They could be playing along. I'm playing along. I don't watch these things. Right. But I mean, you don't watch the thongs, the butt lifted one. Right. That's what they watch. I hate all Informerials 90. Girls gone wild videos, 44. Ron Fobiel, Showtime versus Rebarg. Barbecue 13, Lucky 13 for Ron. I'd love to hear from somebody who's got one of those. Everybody says those are really good. Not that I want one. What am I going to do with it? I have no need for one. I'm going to do it. I could, I guess. Does it fold down that small? Ron Fobiel pocket fisherman 11. Never saw one seven seven people. By the way, has Gilbert doing any Raspberry today? Not yet. We're on to you Gilbert. We're on to you. And I'm going to tell you right now. We're going to set a look at Brassie, Fat Rich, and Dave the cop to your house to beat the crap body. If you don't cut it out. We're on to you. Yeah. And the other one that he does is that we can't share that we can't see on the earring. Figures. Figures that somebody like you with those stick glasses who just has no life whatsoever needs constant never ending attention would be the one it's like constantly and certainly bugging a crap out of the people on the phone ear. Yeah. Back to you. Like it'll stuff by the way. Really? Ron the clock. Ron the clock. Ron the clock. Thank God. And John Marquish. He's like help. I love them. Eddie K. Everybody. And that's your fault. You do understand. Oh yeah. I want to talk to Gilbert. Come on, Gilbert. Everything is okay. Don and Mike. Blow. Shmuck. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. I heard something that was disturbing from seeing a news. Yeah. They want to have a portable creamatorium through the military. Yeah, that's on our website. We put that to you. I'm sorry. That's okay. I have the past of perfect and it works for all foods that you have to boil and hot water. It works excellent. I like it. It's a calendar. It doesn't get to job them. Oh, I guess there are other things you could boil. It wouldn't be like working a calendar so good. Yeah, you get two sizes of the small and medium, but it does work. I think it's probably over price though. How much was it? Mine was like $29. Ah! What did you know? I got one. I guarantee one of those plastic calendars, which I have one at home. I have one of my apartment in Toronto. I have one even in Amsterdam. They probably cost like about $1.98. Yeah, I have those two, but you got a cheese grater with it. Oh, if I knew that. I'll get two. Thanks a lot. It sounds really great. See, I mean, look, those things wouldn't be on there unless suckers like us were by them hand over fist, okay? They're on there because it's on television. And no matter how much we know we're getting con, it's like all these people with their newsletters. The financial newsletter. Right. Even Dr. Bob Arnett, who is now no longer a doctor, Bob, and now an international expert on everything from aviation to world affairs, he had a newsletter. On health. It was crap. Not that these people would exploit the fact that they're on television for fun and profit to try to suck the blood money out of all of a suckers out there, but they do. They do. I wish I could think of that Steve Garvey one. Because that really fries my ass. I wonder showing all these people shoveling. You know what? Look like what? What the hell is that, the R.E.M. song? Give me hints. So the most recent, the big hit they had last year that I was playing all the time. Were they at the right religion? No, I don't think that was last year losing my religion. That is wrong with his man. I mean, this man again. But anyway, they're all sitting there and they're happy people. They're forget about it. But it reminds me, and all these people are sitting around there and out there are barbecue and there's shove it all this big, thick juicy cheese burgers with big buns and fries, greasy fries. And you can eat all of these things and watch the pounds pour off your body. And there is Steve Garvey, one of the most boring people on the face of the earth. It's not like the turbo cooker. Is it? The air cooking thing? They're pills. It goes away. What is the turbo cooker that's going to do with losing weight? French fries, you mentioned French fries. Now, the idea is that you can eat all these things and still lose weight by popping these pills. And then the other pill is the exercise in the bottle. For those of you who are too lazy next time. And that's it. And former. Did somebody call with that or do you? He felt it up. The informer. Oh, yeah. I want to inform you that those people are mostly in jail at this point. And then Tom Bosley was on one where he was peddling some crap, but I remember what it was. He there's like a ten minute disclaimer in the beginning, but well, he's got to protect his reputation and you know him from happy days and you know how he wouldn't endorse anything unless it was really the MS and then he goes on to some scam. I don't know what it is. Some crap. Somebody will know what that was. Tom Bosley, who annoyed me to begin with. And I hate to say it. I never liked that show anyway. Am I the only one? Happy days? Yeah, he was horrible. I hated that show. Hey. I liked it when Scott Bayoke him on. I never let Scott's a man old fag. You know, I like looking at him, but he didn't like Fanzi. No, Fanzi, are you kidding me? Or yours. I wouldn't wipe my ass with his face. And he's wrecked. Of course, now he's a great director. You know Ron Howard is not Ron Howard. He's a brilliant director and he's a right. Maybe he is. I don't know. Good enough for John Stockwell. I like to shake John Stockwell's hand just once. He's an old man. I was like 40 something. Ancient. Do you know who that is? Grissel. I talked about a million times. He was a, I know who he is. A fine young man. It's 24 up now. He's probably a fine old man. Like some of us were getting pretty old. Yes. In fact, I'm almost ready for my young and checkered pants. I heard most say that a couple days ago. I almost drove off the road. And then I loved a one. Geldy said, what do you mean I'm most? Nice going. Geldy, Geldy's pushing up a little bit. I guess he wants Jugg's job extra bad now. Hey, if you outgrown your home is your family getting bigger and need more room for an at home office and nursery sewing room and who master bedroom or bath. Maybe your places are all of the pieces of crappy buff on the informers. Well, whatever, we need more space for your place. Call our guys at strictly additions. Strickly additions is your one stock shop, more space for your place. Place with a worry for your purchase to expand your living space. They show up exactly when they say they will. In other words, on time, you won't have any hidden charges. There are the experts at pulling permits to so the work is completed on time. And now for the new year, you can use your income tax return to get all the work done for you. All you people out there shopping for new homes, why bother? By the time you sell, you buy, you close, and move, you might as well put some equity, pull some equity out of your current home and call strip additions. You'll pay for a new addition to your home that you already love. Call strip additions today at 9.5.4. 7.9.181. That's 9.5.4. 7.9.181. They're licensed to ensure professionals they did a super job in Georgia's house. Call 9.5.4.7.9.181.181. For a free estimate, call Cregor Patrick. Strict additions are going to save you a lot of time. A lot of cash you won't have to move to improve. Get to a whole new house with the same address. Call 9.5.4. 7.9.181.181. For a strictly addition today, be sure to tell them that all PD Lenny told you to call. 5. The local V6 is 5.60. The radio's on your turn. The QAM. Get anybody nervous that Tara Thread is being raised to orange today? It's Friday, you bastard. Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Bargher Profile Story. We take a good, hard, stiff looking to start up. Finding out the sweet girl you had a crush on in high school has posed naked and playboy might be a little traumatic. But what man wouldn't want to simply get over it and bang her anyway? Certainly not. The J.Giles band. Like you, you're the center post. Enjoy the set of gold. Listen man, it was Hosh. I used to see that girl every day in home room. I thought she would be pure, perfect forever. You just don't picture an angel, but an aheimen. No, what I mean? J.Giles leads in your petal world who suffers from a classic Madonna horror complex, according to psychologist Helen Kilimann. With Madonna Horror Complex, the woman is a saintly, virginal beauty, or she is. A filthy horror! The man desires both. A can only make love to the filthy horror! Unless of course the filthy horror is Madonna herself. Of course. Oh, it got bad for Peter, man. He would just stare at that cennifold all day and his eyes would tear up. The band's manager, sloppy gold, describes the horrible day that Peter will turn up the name emergency room. Finally he couldn't help himself. He gets naked, lays out the magazine's cennifold and well let's just say that's how that old story got started by getting it caught on a staple. Peter will himself remember that day. After several botched, we constructed surgeries, Peter will put aside his fears of seeing his old high school crush with her clothes off and made a date, arranging to take her to a motel room and take him off in private. So my sweet angel was a dirty horror after all. Hey now that I can home! The J.Giles band retrograde male bullf**ks in 1982. It's a big juicy, shopping-wet-look at show business tonight on Inside the Mine. 1047-560W here on the Terror Threats being raised to a orange today. Beginning of the show we told you that they were thinking about it and now they're going to do it. Are they telling us why anything specific? No, they never do that. But it's high. I'll start getting more nerves. Here's a facts about Jeff Rummer. From George in Montreal, who says listening online in Montreal, go to Florida every winter a yuck it says. Ask Rummer about Pete Rose, ask him about how Pete Rose bitch slapped Rummer in the Xbox 1984. Yeah. And it's very, and I'm going to save this. So I just remember about this. Next time we have free meals at the pizza loft. Rummer was just isn't oiling in Montreal. He's in Florida today. He says George from Montreal. How do you like it? George is laughing real hard, Rummer. I wonder he hates you like boy. Oh, it's some Pete a card. If it's free, it's me. Now that's why. I wonder if he was a freeloader in Montreal. Wow. Yeah, this is a new thing. The silly thing to ask. Steve Garvey discusses being sued for informational selling weight loss system. And here's our good friend. This is about 85 pages that are not so good friend Dave Jeff Heiz neighbor, Sammy, but all interview about Steve Garvey. Thanks very much for wasting our time, Dave. I don't sure your intentions were good. How you doing, Ira? Nice to see you. And I know that's gotten coming. Now wonder what's such a good day. Yeah. Oh, he's probably guarding the place because we got that orange alert now. Don't anybody get nervous now? We've been on orange alert before and the work this still spit it around. Look about how difficult was it going to be to come from orange back down to yellow. And now how difficult is that going to be? How are we going to survive with this? What level of history are we supposed to? I wish they would tell us just how hysterically we need to be. And how many hours per day we have to hide under the bed? I think we should be hysterical enough to go home. Okay. Well, right after lunch, I was at the editing. I'm having an exciting time. Right after eating the free food from Atlantic City, so to the other weeks, where I were mixed at difference, we could take a bag lunch home. Yeah, we could take a sack home. What's your favorite TV information we're asking today? And I guess the Michael Jackson thing last night, I'll show many, many people's so it. What is there to say besides George and Joe Custell are defending him? On the grounds that he was confused and abused and keep on it. You said it. I wasn't defending him. Why do you keep your rationalizing his average life? I think they would be heavy. They would stay. And I think they know every move that they're making from hanging it, kid over to balcony. Then there was a thing. I said it was the publicity. And yet now just watching it look at it resolved. CD and record sales are booming now. That's just in Britain, but about the rationalizing. Vignan subdaughters worth of fee publicity. He's been doing it for years now for decades. Just like Madonna. Every slutty thing she does, the media hops on it and the story too. I don't think she's a crazy person. Well, she's harsh. He's an crazy boy. Do you know it's a good thing to do this thing about TV information? Because television is the greatest conduit, if I can say that, for pedaling crap, bullshit to the public. Take a look at what's going on with his subwarmer about to embark on. Why, what a great salesman job they did. They put the number one salesman in the government, colon, poll on there. And he's a very credible guy and would never steal a freight train. Everybody said, look at that. Look at that tube. He'd steal a freight train. Look at that conversation. That's not a mess. And now he's got everybody in the Democrats all rolled over like Domino's, a domino park. And that's the end of that. We're going in. And I don't mind going in if everything goes according to oil. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's all I've had. The question that it would be really nice if we could eliminate him. Although, be nice if we didn't have to spend hundreds of billions of dollars to do it. That would be even nicer to eliminate one man in his immediate his son and a few others. Oh, yeah, can't do it. I got news for you. Why don't we get some practice. And the next couple of weeks, why don't we just get rid of Castro and his brother, Raul? That's a kind of a dress rehearsal. As if he'd rest your rehearsal would be good. Are we going to do that? No. He doesn't have any oil. He doesn't have skated. He doesn't have weapons of mass destruction. He hasn't terrorized his people. He hasn't imprisoned those people who are cared to dissent. He has free and open election. That's right. Isn't that true? That's right. I mean, come on. But it's so easy. And North Korea is not dangerous. A specific notion of when, where, how. But you have to add the extra expense of all the precautions that employers and event stagers do. Yeah. Again, real nervous now, orange alert. Anyway, what's your favorite TV and commercial I hate all informers? So is 113 or 2.3% said. How many votes we got? Well, most of these don't have any yet. 262 votes is all we got. But then again, there's so many on here. Girls got a wild video. 53. I grab one of those right now. I'll give you a head of a guy's out there. Ron Popeel, Showtime, or Tissory, Barbecue, 15. Ron Popeel, Pocket Fisherman, 14. Did we put the vijamatic on there? Good. So, one, seven. Suzanne Sauer's blue thing, a five thing, the five asked you seven. George Forman, lean, lean, grill, machine five. You gotta be, I gotta say one thing. Even if you don't care about boxing, which I don't. George Forman's an eat guy. I like to hit. He's funny. He don't take himself real serious. And he made a fortune. Showtime that lean, lean, grill, and machine. Tony Robbins for the both legs for solo flex 3. Probably fags. Like me. That's what I voted for. Colton Sheets Real Estate Systems 3. Boxy Clean 3, Cleaner 3. Miracle Blade 2 has got 3. Don Lap is money making secrets 3. G-L-H-G-L-H-G-L can hear a spray on here 3 and a heran can. Super blue stuff 3. Which you just kind of like put your hands in it and squish it around a little bit. That's super blue stuff. Kind of like erotic. Five, six. Why are you interrupting there? I was, why is he poshking with a food in there? Are you poshking with his a scared to go in there while you're talking? Why is that? I don't know. When there's food in there, don't be scared to come in. Never played six or seven. Get your priorities straight enough. Just the number one thing in here, we said good right. We're going to come and tell Monday. He's getting free food. Okay. Now we got two of them. They can do a pro. Exactly. Miguel can do it. I brought him a little party. He's taking it since the least he could do. Get that plastic. It's here, why are they really? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing, Guy? Pretty guy. I've got a straight and you have a little combat. Definitely is SMC mail order supply company. Right. And you're giving Ron Pope Hill a lot of credit for stuff that Daddy Pope Hill came up with pocket position men and all that kind of stuff. I didn't know there wasn't Daddy Pope Hill. Yeah, Daddy Pope Hill was one coat. I'm really at that line for Bill Stetterman coat. I don't know what I thought. I don't know what I thought. I don't know what I thought. The Irish and Netcracker are they record back? Yeah. Also, if you want some stuff that's good, that I actually purchased the food saver is excellent. That thing really works back in the scene. Right. Chopping chopper is pretty bad. Oxygen works great. The met wrench works great. I don't know if you consider this an infomercial, but if you're interested home shopping club and basically them they have a cookware coat. Oh, tricks. Which is a real heavy duty, gourmet nonstick. You can use stainless steel tools on it. I bought those things two years ago. You can't wear them out. Excellent. I tell you what, it sounds like you're a full timer. I might get a job and want it. Okay, give us a cut. Thanks a lot. I mentioned the herbal life. He's still dead. What's his name? The guy with a big head of hair. herbal life. Steve something very good. He's still dead. Look at this. Muffins came in. Now he's not even going to lunch right now. And probably we'll have to go to lunch. Now that we got all this great food in here. He's your got a nose for a lunch, don't he? That was one of the other I mentioned during the break. Just looked on by. They're so damn many. Orange alert by the way, Duff. I don't want to get your nervous orange alert. High alert, baby. So I would say. Is it on? Turn it orange alert. That's why I heard. I mean, if it's good enough for power 96 to send everybody home just out of, you know, in morning. But we go into a very good. I think you and she's in everybody home at 11 o'clock. We're willing to go through one more break and put a tape on and put a tape on and go home at all because we're under orange alert. I have to go put the shutter. You're making an nervous knock because he's got to fly this weekend, okay? And you're making a real nervous. You know what a pussy he is anyway, okay? You're making it. In fact, I just saw four here as follows. Why? You know what? You're supposed to be in five C. You, AM. The under banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. See you. See you. See you. See you. See you. Why? Why? Oh, my number is not for another. You're doing something hot today. You better get something on your feet. You get nothing special when it's time to pass day. She's a male baby. She didn't want to be a young look at what's in sput on the pound of food. So I went to the store, got a car for the horror and she don't like what I do. So I went to the store, got a car for the horror and she don't like what I do. So I went to the store and she didn't like that. I went to the store and she didn't like that. No kids coming to the boys have a suit with your wedding wedding. You want to stay. I put that on the window, several of you can eat. See you's the big house on the feet on the pearls. And she finds someone to cook a hand. But she finds things to do when she'll be a male. People too little god. I hate this heart of things. I just pissed it by the guy's eyes. I hate this day. I'm a god-wow. Hate this day. I'm a god-wow. Hate this day. I'm a god-wow. Hate this day. I'm a god-wow. Hate this day. I'm an O1560WM. So anyway, Tom Rage and John Ascroff are going to be speaking in one of our clunk today. Do you get to be buddy? You nervous for the weekend? Size Burling in his hair club for man. I'm not only the president of the former climber, then he says that. Remember? He's a member. Size Burling's hair club for man. That's when I was trying to think about him. How long with the herbal life? Guys dead. A lot of drugs. Young guy. Multimillionaires scam. A pyramid scam. Yeah. Back in those days, there were a whole bunch of those. None of them come to mind at the moment. There were a whole bunch of those things. And why? And why, obviously? Exactly. Exactly. Vitamin's, right? Right. Vitamines? Don't forget. It's the products. He had a certain way of saying that. That was so goddamn annoying. He wanted to smash him in a mouth. The proner. That's exactly how he said it. I said it. I said it. I said it. How many people hate all informers? They wouldn't watch it if you paid him by the second. Girls got in my video, 61. Juan Popiel Showtime or Tissue Barbecue 17. The pocket fisherman 14 times, I was to rate. But anyway, speaking to that, where's my f- I got so much stuff here. Wait a year, this story by the way, from Reuters. Oh, I shouldn't be reading because the one guy get upset. I don't give a crap. And a tag-in court has ruled that taking 40 joints of head-sheet on a school trip is not a crime. The marijuana was for personal use since the 17 year old student plan to share with two fellow students at a teacher. The appeals court judge said, this is for moorators. Under a tight-in law, selling marijuana is a crime of possession for personal use is not. Bye. It could easily have been consumed during the many days of the trip. Career a delaceta quoted the court ruling saying, Codieda delaceta, the evening career, evening news. Codieda delaceta, bonuseta, bonuseta. Love that a tight-in baby. I'm going back to Italy right now, where I'll be safe. And run me. I have to go right now. It's some personal protection I'm going to sit to you to Palermo. Where is that fact or here it is from Matrice, you says? I absolutely love my Ron Popiel Showtime or Tissue. I got one as a wedding gift two years ago, it's very easy to use and cooks meat perfectly. It'll make your meat perfect. You just said it and forget it like the information says. You just said it and forget it. I love those crowds on those infermursals. Now is it loud? You're the age of most of the people in those audiences. Death plus 10. I'm telling you Ron, Howlendale, sunrise lakes, surfside. Oh, come on down here and tape some infermursals here, Ron. We'll have your perfect audience. You mentioned they're going to get something for free. They'll say any crap you want. So a sudden forget it like the information says being primarily vegetarian. I knew nothing about cooking meat for my highly-carnival family. It has saved my ass many times, Tracy said. And, fact, he's probably even slucker ass in a couple of times. Just to be damn sure. Nice going, Tracy. Here's an interesting fact, George. From Chris. Howlbath, a very Christian, Mr. Ego, erection injection. He claims it will only work on head of a sexualse. Also, Gilbert sucks Steve's ass at least twice per week, and all he can talk about on Steve's show is you. Thanks, Chris. Well, I guess Chris is the one who's listening to that show. The one that don't show up in the numbers at all. On a station that basically doesn't exist. So, at least Gilbert is found a roosting place. Thank God for that other than in between book. On our station here. This is the amazing Gilbert. But we mighting you not to drink and drive this holiday season. Yeah, like on poor, I might drop your home in touch. When is poor, by the way? Always ask you that, and you never have an answer. That's because it's not on this calendar. It's a Goisha calendar. Oh, there should know them. Here's one that said, Joe, just cut my TV and have with my Ginsu knives. But wait, there's more. And you want a great line, Joe. They always say that. But wait, there's more. If that didn't get you to be a sucker and make the call. But wait, there's more. I also took up all my house tiles that would make into a spatula. I had my credit card ready, questioned Mark. It lost my ass. So, Joe. Only 72 easy payments of 89.99. Yeah, the new Ron Popeye'll show time is over $100. Only 4 easy payments. Only 5 easy payments of 1999. So, it's like 4 cents less, 5 cents less, that's 100 bucks. And he tells you the price. Oh, like somebody just brought out a magic wand in the fountain of youth. Oh, like that. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Hi, Ali. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, hey, how's it going? Great. I'm really, really, I'm beyond nervous now with the, uh, the higher lyrids. Anyway, I have to go. I want you to be very nervous. I am. I am extremely. I don't know what to do this weekend. Under the bad man. Exactly. That's where I'm going to go right now. Take somebody good with it. And hi, Renee. Now that facts took my thunder. I was going to mention one of the original, in from the original, it's against the nice. Mm-hmm. Remember, I love that, uh, when they cut the, the slice like the tomatoes and then they went ahead and cut some sheet metal with the same knife. Mm-hmm. That was incredible. Oh, well, somebody took the thunder away. I think sheet was the operative word. Yeah. Have a great weekend. Under the bed. Okay. Bye, bye, bye. Under the bed folks. Uh-oh. But for a wide range of important tasks. From mitting in the shroom of the elsewhere, and a treasury secretary John Snow. Through place that Paul O'Neill geek that they had to blow out of there. It's the swearing in. You know what he said? Yeah, it's the swearing in. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. And George made a good point during the break, which is very rare today since he's busy defending Michael Jackson. Well, but the fact that the entire world now knows since we've made it very, very clear that even Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles can see that we're going to go to war no matter what anybody says or what, oh, oh, I don't even think. Maybe that just is a coincidence, but it could be since we're going to orange level alert today. Huh? Could be just a coincidence. We made it very clear that we are, uh, adamant and, uh, whatever. So you're always reading things into it. Here's Miramar, hello. Miramar. Leo. Yes sir. It's not, uh, Billy Maysler. It's not the other one. What is? The orange alert. It's Billy Maysler. Oh. Anyway, I got the church to home. I'm a little slow, can I get you? Very good. I got that, uh, you know, something wouldn't that be great. Billy Mays comes on TV just before the press conference starts this afternoon. And it's a really amazing alert. And there he is. He could pedal with that loud hysterical voice of his. Oh, right. Get everybody panicky. Yeah, go ahead. Anyway, I got that show time. That's the Avabot man. Really? Yes. I cooked at least six seven prime ribs on here. They come about four five pounds. And I'll tell you, well, I'll never go to Ruth Chris again. Really? Yes sir. I'll be damned. It's orgasm. I think I'm going to get one. It's orgasm. Okay. Thanks. Anyway, two more. I could there's a quick and bright jam here, down on. Sure. And the steam buggy. That sounds familiar. What is that? It's the time you put the water in it and it takes the cleanser bathrooms, cleanses, cleanses, cleanses, cleanses, cleanses all the scum. Oh, it's not our thing. We got it on there. Okay. Thanks a lot. And another one. If you get to show time, make sure you get the one with a 15-bound turkey because the small one ain't worth a crap. Okay. Enjoy your meat. Have a good weekend. Thanks. You too. The steam buggy. Mm-hmm. Was good lunch. Thanks a lot, Ira. Elantic City subs were our mixed citizens in Hollywood. They're really great. And Scott did not come by. Boy, do we appreciate that? Did he make any comment? Scott, not around? That's the beautiful thing about Ira. He's a smile. He just smiles. He's in the food. Nothing to say. Nothing pays his shame. Good to see you. Good guy. Not a troublemaker. Not a yenta. Not a connoisseur. Not any of that crap. You know, that phony, uh, ditto. It wasn't asking for any free plugs. She's got the need to come by because we already gave them the free plugs for the Super Bowl party, uh, party you have platters. Right? Say that five times. I still can't believe that he turned around and came back in here that day. Had the Hutspa to come back in and I gave him the plug. I mean, I'm easy. You know, for free food. Wait, does he have a lot of Hutspa. Yeah, sure does. So when you go into what L.A. City subs in Ira, he'll be the ball. He had a guy with a real big smile on his face. Say, boy, you really work with that asshole Scott. Boy, he'll just smile. He'll just smile. He's he's the one. What else is he going to do? You know, he's got years of practice, I guess. Ten past eleven and five, sixty wqm. And here's something I'll help you feel good. And that's all you made. All you made is Mediterranean formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with all good things for your health. Vitamins, minerals, herbal supplements, science and liquid is out of provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. For example, they got three new formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and cook you ten which haven't taken every day for years and is so important for your heart. All you must also got supplements for broad health in your circulatory system. Your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin bones, even your mind. I'll use it in the benefits of the finest, the purest olive oil you'll find anywhere. And only a man has a product from men and women too. Well, I don't want to gag on it in the middle of my old human's spot. Maybe I should have popped one right there, huh? Oh, look at that. Older man's great new product. I can pick up all over town, ask you for it at public's, Eckerd's Whole Food Markets and Walgreens. If you want to get more information about each and every one of their products, they'll be delighted to do. Answer why your questions call 1-866-old your man. That's 1-866-635-3663, can also order their products online, oriometamerica.com. And don't forget to visit their sampling Paddaids Sports Town every Sunday, during dolphin season, which is only about 18, 20 months away. Start feeling great today again with orio-man. Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Oh, my god! This is coursewinny with ice in your mouth. You way, yeah. That's not good. It's great. You love the band. Guns and roses are silly and years ago. There's a go. Are you ready for me now? I'm a 10% of a month off then. No, but Mr. Mind behind the greatest career suicide in the history of mankind is not back on this 49 city non-combat cluster. We love, asshole. We love, asshole. Actually, that's a rose. Not showing up, tour. The world is a dream, never to return. Seeking, nowhere to be found, that the arena can't clean one. All about this hour-house non-errible Atlantis and Square Garden. One of all mixed-harred driving in sea appearance at the first union center in Philly. If you're bored, you're going to get a wood performer who absolutely conduct themselves in a professional manner and show up at their schedule appearances, then you'll probably want to mess the exoros not showing up, tour. We know he will. Call ticket best, your fear, fuck, roll, non-refundable ticket today. It's the actual rose not showing up, tour. 116.5.6. You have to start that on Tuesday on this show, because Monday's payday. That'll be a bit idea for a couple of weeks. Anyway, here's the fact that it says, here's a few more infermertials you may remember. In the early 90s, you're late 80s, the two clowns, one with a sickening English accent and a jerk with a glass of selling car wax products that suck. Yeah, the English accent thing is very, very big. Or Australian. Also in case you haven't mentioned the spray on here was a class. Yes, we did. All my love Arnold, PSF, you George. Haha, that catcher. Oh, he's sticking about you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Orange alert. I just mentioned that in passing. We're raising from the elbow up to orange. Yeah, I'm just thinking I'm supposed to adjust myself to that. I think we're supposed to go home right now. That didn't look too happy about that when you send that. He looked a little bit nervous. We've got to secure the house. Here's a lady in Highly, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi, it's a lady who you're calling her. Alright. I'll run and I bet you don't get many of those. Not too many. Okay, I wanted to make a comment on my collection. Okay. Okay, what I'm calling to say is basically, it comes down to this. People with millions of dollars get away with anything they want. Okay, you can get away with murder like old jeet. People with little boys, you can hang children off your balcony, close doors and Vegas to shop. You can do whatever you want and on TV and your bubble law. You don't get arrested. It's the American F. and Wavix. Here we got people like George making excuses for her. I'm going to have a dad to say that's not going to make it true. Yeah, but now a Porsche leper like you are me. You know, we do this and we're in jail and you know, in two weeks. Who's a Porsche leper? No, no, no, no. You're talking about people they're like multi-millionaires. Yeah, exactly exactly exactly. And I love you Neil. That's all I have to say for today. Thanks. Okay, take care. We're on the bed. Okay, bye bye. Nice. Holy old lady in Hailea. Boy, that's where I'm going to show even ladies and gentlemen. Sure, we're any more after George chasing all the way in the summertime. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. That's why when people like Carlos and Miguel, oh, George, you get all these women calling and he's got so many more women. And then the book comes down. George, did I have any women? Remember that? They don't want to admit. I mean, they're embarrassed enough admitting they listen to me. And maybe you do have a lot more women as possible, but they sure don't want to be telling anybody about that. Right. I'm not so sure why, but it's just it's not socially exposed. Look, look. Oh, I just put out a piece of sandwich right on the board. And then he ate it. I'm sure. Oh. Yeah. Once you're favorite TV Info, Marshall, I hate all Info, Marshall's 140. Over 40% of the audience hates it. Of course they hate almost anything anyway, so at least they're consistent, right? I forgot about that. Right. They hate. You just hate. Grills gone wild video 72. They like those a lot. Ron Popeye'll show time or it's his rebarbecue 17. That's kind of weak, Ron. You know what? I mean, if we could go stuff a few more votes, maybe Ron would send us each one of the ones. That's not the crappy little ones. One of the big ones, you know, where you go to the whole turkey in there? I can think of a few turkeys I'd like to roast in there. Some of more here. Ron Popeye'll pocket Fisherman 14. How about this stuff? Was it STP? Was that just in the story, but it was like that. You know who would know Joe Costello would know because he's the car racing. I think Mario and Dreti are one of those hot shots endorsed it. Yeah. Oh, you know me. I'm in the business of that and I would never endorse it. I wasn't a hand, but it was somebody like that. And just posted, you know, port your crankation that's going to protect your engine for like the next 50 billion miles. You know, crap like that. It's familiar. I don't know. Those were old. I mean, those were ancient. Right. Also a lot of the British ones that go with the British, you guys on there. Very ancient. The fact there's that one pasty looking bread. I'm just the eras he asked Regan. Because you said that. Kind of like a round. This is your bag. Oh, you know what I'm talking about? He's on a lot of me. Even now. Kind of short. Round British. We'll have you. You're a city. Richard Patty is shirt round or British. Well, you should all know your auto racing Mr. and you better start learning about it. What's wrong with you? That was Miguel's response to the crankcase. I could have been to the crankcase. Five six seven. Five six. He's a crankcase. All right. Yeah, maybe you can a loaf with Mr. Eagle Gilbert. Maybe if he since he's something and getting all these funny body ports, he can get you a new head and a new brain. That would be good for starters. Or I should say a brain. I don't want to say a new brain. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Davy. Oh, Neil, how'd we go? Pretty good. Um, listen, I'm opening what he called in, but the Steve Garvey product. He used to pitch was called fat trapper plus. Right. Okay. I was nervous because of the orange alert. I had to run home. Okay. Anyway, my three all-time favorites. D.D. seven, the sober Calacillot and the Tom boo. Financial money making seminar. Oh yeah, good one. Now what's the pillow one? What do they call that? The sober Calacillot was this doctor who was on there and this pillow was like filled with like, it looked like great not cereal. Mm-hmm. For the buckwheat pillow. You were supposed to see what it was like. He hours straight. Right. And, you know, they'd have the people would lay on it and be like, Oh, I slept for three days and then the audience. Oh, fantastic. It was good stuff. I'm going to get one now. So I can hang out on the bed with my, uh, great nuts. Absolutely. And we're going to make a call. That'll be good. Fantastic. Upside. Okay. Five. Mad Colin fantastic. Upside. Let's hear it. They want again. Everybody's back on a bad way. They're going to end six nothing lost at least on Wednesday. By the way, how about those three spitting tampon over time last night. Three two. They're on fire, baby. Nick and your Paul. If I told you that kid was available, played tonight. George, what do you know? Five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I just had another one. I forgot who the hell was. There's so many of them. So many. We got the guy online too. Has that STP thing. Oh, yeah. Here's a red lens. Pretty good. There was Andy Green and telly. Right. And he had a sandwich. Just had a wrong Italian gun. Yeah. I always worked French code. What does that tell you? Go figure. But it was that CPR. What was it? Was that STP? Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. George, you see again. First he tells me Michael Jackson is not a pedophile. He feels sorry for him. It's his bad upbringing. Danny was a prick. And then he tells me, uh, this little guy go and he tells me STP was like your body in the store. But you just buy his is a product that you buy in the store. I understand that. But it was also originally. He was the informal. Well, so that what he opened up big mouth for. Let Carlos to tell her, well, of course he's busy eating. I don't want to hear him. Are you sure? What? Are you sure you don't hear me? Positive. Are you sure? Very sure. You don't even know who the British guy is. I'm talking about. He always wears the apron, the red apron. And he's like, I like a short round typical pastry Brit with a real heavy accent. And he's always selling knives or cookware or crap, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, slick, 50. Slick 50. That was it. That's a stuff you pour in your crankcase. And then your engine at the, like, a piece by piece of false humor. And I said it was not as T.P. It was slick 50. Told you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 50. You said it was, uh, Mario and Dreddy. I said Michael Jackson. You said it was Mario Lamue. Hey, Mario, calm down a little bit. Okay, what about your export? I didn't see that game. I was busy losing my money. Hey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey over there. Pop it on park. My good old pies on. Got a message for you today, Mickey. Here's West Palm. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd maybe a girl who, number, girl who. That was another one. And there's another one. I think Bobbi, your Alan, for example, advertised on. Right. That's right. I never thought that T.P was on T.P. I was, I have a, how about, how about the blonde, but thick, Susan Powder. Oh, Susan Powder, that's right. Exactly. And then you can picture on cars, your big master. Ding, your master. Right. We got that one. And then video professor. Learn how to do. Oh, they're video professor. You're going to learn how to speak Greek. You're going to be Greek in about three minutes. Right. They have these, they have these different muscles and after them, Toronto too. Oh, sure. Are you kidding me? They have them on overnight. When you're start flipping channels in Amsterdam later night, you get one of two things. Either naked boobs, or porn movies, or you get to inform ourselves. Hey, and let me tell you one other thing. In the form of informers, they have the 800 numbers with a hot bathes on it and they're naked. And they're on their Thursday, 100 number. Hi, I'm Linda. I'm about, you know, and there they are. I know you don't, you probably don't speak, you know, speak real flu and, um, the Dutch. What, what, what, Dutch? I have about four words. Well, is there, is there, is there a talk chat show? The talk show is like yours in overseas and Amsterdam or? No, you can't me. They would love me there. I'm serious. I'd be having a 90 share. Let me ask you one of the questions too. Who decides, like, you cut the colors off. When you're ready to get rid of me, you're going to come out. What about like, uh, uh, uh, mole or, um, uh, mad dogs? They, they produce a, they produce a doer. Who does it? No, they, who, what do you mean the produces better not be doing it? If producer cuts somebody off, we blow their brains out. It's, it's always seems like you're ready to, uh, to have a rebuttal of a question you're gone. Yeah. Just like that. Fine. Fine. I, I, I, I, I looked. That was done with love. He knows that I was going to do that. It was just for fun. Because he kept saying that, you know. What was he talking about them? I don't know what. I don't care. It was just funny. He just meant thank you sir. Excellent call. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Why should the audience have free speech? We don't have it anymore. Why in local, we are sports radio 5602A. UAM. Today shows brought you by the makers of Tiger King. The cat food with a taste of real human flesh. Tiger Kitty. Don't ask how we make it. And now back to our show. Warning. We have mercilessly taken the following material out of context. Without endorsement or permission from those depicted. It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent. Look as ridiculous as possible. We hope we reach that goal. Or at least major laugh. Girl's gone wild. Wow, wow, wow, wow. It's South Central LA. You see them in Cancun. Daytona Beach. And all over Spring Break. Excellent. Girl's gone wild. Affirmative action team is taking it to the inner city. It's girl's gone wild. Wow, wow, wow. It's South Central LA. Girls out there are taking off their pants. Take it off their shirts. Take it off everything. Haven't good when they shouldn't be smoking crack. Not reading. Acting a straight damn fool. There are shank and food inside your food. We don't know why exactly. Maybe it's the weather. Maybe it's the higher industry crunch. Traffic. It's poverty. Crack. Either way. It's a very good day. It's a good day. We're going to have a win. Newbugs. We'll be on the camera. Yeah, I mentioned they went wild. They went wild. Too bad Georgian Carlisd didn't hear that. 1131 to 560 girls gone wild. I heard it before. How did you hear that before? Is that a little bit? Do they recycle this week? Is it a new bit? Anyway, here's the fact. This is what about that. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. Is it an infomercial? I think you're right. It was only a spot. Okay. Yeah, I guess so. Clutch. Well, I mentioned one before. And we said, was that really ever an infomercial? No, it's just a spot. The clapper. I didn't mention it. Somebody's got the old clapper. Oh, here's the New England Paul. I always sense his facts as in a giveaway a sideways for some Stravinoza. Saw the show with Michael Jackson last night. He makes aliens look good. You tell me this man is a man. And I think if he had best. The last question he answered was if there were no more children in the world. He would kill himself. Yes, I heard that. By the way, the show has never been better. Thank you, New England Paul. I was like you a lot. You're right. Are really funny and commercial was the one about Master at sea at sea? TSI. Self defense course pronounced sigh. The host was Danny Bonneau Spag. This martial arts expert, which show you how to defend your subject. His muggers and rapers to find part was when he demonstrated the equal claw hold on Danny. He flipped that douche bag like a pancake. Excellent. You saw that? He seen him all. That's his thing. He's got one of those little lucky ones gave me that little battery operated TV under the overpass. That's all he can do is watch him from her foot. We finally hit on it because he doesn't like chalk. But I will say this. He's one of the few guys who lives under an overpass. It's got the cable. Well, the rope wore out. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing Neil? No. I thought a Michael Jackson interview last night. It was very disturbing that this man has kids. And he said I kept watching after when the news came on. It had some psychiatrists. Two of them that were watching the interview. And they both said it was very disturbing. One lady said that they got a remove the kid away from him. Now. Immediately. But there's one thing that I saw during the interview that I kind of agree with him. When they were in the limousine, I don't know if you saw it. They were in the limousine driving to Michael Jackson's course. One that he buys all that crap. There's a lot of money in. The guy who's been interviewed asked him how much he worked. And he kind of shied back. And he said, I don't really want to talk about his life. He said he kind of said again. Come on. You know, tell me what your work is. He goes a billion. Right? But then Michael Jackson felt very uncomfortable. He changed the subject. And he knows what he asked me going. Go to King James C. Learns the Sawyer out of quarterback. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. Let me ask you this question. Okay. Let me ask you this. They've been putting this on there for like about the last 45 minutes or so. Terror threat to be raised to orange today. Now. They're going to want to let's see. The speaker 12 30. I thought it was like one of clock first. The speaker 12 30. Well, well, maybe listening. I'm a little bit of that. They'll kill some good time. But in other words, are we supposed to like have good time now? That's why we're having so much fun now. Because starting at 12 30 or one whenever they tell us, that's when they're going to raise it. You know what I'm saying happened before then. How big are you pouring? There's no good. They're not going to be a terrorist attack before they raise the alert. That's what I'm saying. Right. So in other words, until they officially tell us, there's just preparing us for it. Okay. What are you getting ready for it? Which is why? Then we can increase our alert level. We should use this target. Okay. Okay. Our personal alert level. Sure. Our loved ones. Isn't that your pal, your personal alert level? Pal, personal ass level. Sure. So there you go. They're going to be announcing terrorist threat level to be raised to orange today. They want anybody to get nervous. They'll panic. We've been through this before. And the fact that the rest of world is getting a little bit nervous about us. And North Korea. Don't get all excited. Okay. Cause it won't do any good. Just have a good time and hope for the best. I hope real hard. Here's my Emmy. Hello. Yes sir. Meal on Michael Jackson. Do you think that he passed on that skin disease to those kids? They're not his kids in the first place. Well, I, I, that was my question really. It's how many chromosomes of Michael Jackson's those kids have. I can, the big one. None. And the other thing I want to ask you, Neil. I want to, I want to try to get one of those teachers with a bush with the nose of the clown nose. Do you know where I could get one? No. Who's got a clown nose? Yeah. We'll find out somebody will call. The guy that, uh, that talk show that, uh, whose name rhymes with species, uh, without rates, that those things even exist if and, and when we brought him up, I wanted to, uh, to see if I could locate one. We'll find him for you. Uh, and listen, finally. Yes. Uh, all in power convinced me that we need a regime change. But he, but he here in the state. Thank you. Thank you. There's good. Excellent line. Gilbert just called by the way and said, Really? Really? Did he really? He really did. I'll be damned. Gilbert, Gilbert, solided by the way. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. And now we're talking about regime change. No way. No, we are talking about that anymore. I'm sorry. We're talking about weapons of mass destruction. See, they couldn't decide for one day to the next, which it was. First, it was regime change. Then it became weapons of mass destruction. Are you asking questions? No, not me. Not anymore. Not since they're changing the threat level. That was wrong with you, man. Now, what are these teachers? They got bush with the what knows? A clown knows? I'd like the Alfredi Newman one with the big ears myself. Although I guess we can just look at the screen and see that. I'll let the Hitler version myself. There you go. See there's George again. Going way way way way off the deep end. Just, I thought you went a good mood today. I thought you were feeling good with the head. You're just going too far with that. Just because we do glue step a little bit near. He's because you painted those pictures again. There's George making all those comments. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pun. I'm sorry. I'm trying to be Mr. Nice guy. Just get along with everybody. I just want to like pump them away through these last four years. Get that big paycheck. Put it in the bank. That's all. Join my life. It's best I can until like. Good rap La Bomba. Una bomba Grande. Here's a lady in four miles. Hello. Great. How that bully brings the title guy. Who? You know the title. In some personal. Oh yeah, we got it. I'm just like, I've been on their okay. That's okay. Well, Michael Jackson is a wacko dude. Okay. My pants didn't wear a mask every day of my life. I'd probably grow up there when I was just like Michael Jackson. Maybe it's in him and a kid's to Afghanistan. Yeah. And the same thing was kids that his dad did to him. That's really new views. In fact, you know something maybe when we invade the bank that we can drop him over. You know, I think that they deserve him. He definitely fit in there. And that's made in purgatory. Okay. Thanks. Have a great day. Here you go. Here you go. Here you go. A Sodom here's one for you. Michael Michael motorcycle. They take one look at him. I think that would give him what for you. Make them give them pauses of the singles. Twenty till noon at five, six to the WCM 10 for us to pause and tell you about Paparoah Park where we got some big doons going on. This Saturday night tomorrow. Paparoah Park will be hosting the opening route of the $250,000. I'll look at pre-pacing series. Top horses from all over North America will be competing in the three week long series. Hall of Fame Driver Dave McGee, the fifth-winning Australian history of the sport when nearly 10,000 wins. We'll go against Paparoah's best Brian Sears, Bruce Ranger and Wally Hennessey. I'll look at pre-papers include $933,000 when improving handover and from Australia, the Aussie fighter going for his fourth straight win. He's a monster. Also Saturday there will be pre-priced rice, win one of six vacation trips for two. The crystal palace in Asa on the Bahamas and don't forget Paparoah Park is now open for your plunging and winning and losing in German five nights a week for libraries. Every Friday Saturday Monday wins the end Thursday like last night we had a wonderful time. Lost our ass post time, 715 p.m. both admission and parking free. Every Monday night at Paparoah Park 2 for 25 dollar full course in His specials at the lavish top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor. Every Wednesday is dollar night at Paparoah Park dollars for a half to a draw a draft beer hot dog soda and more and every Thursday's ladies night with two for one drink specials and free bingo for ladies with a thousand dollars in cash and prizes. And for Valentine's Day, February 14, a free bottle of champagne for each couple dining at the top of the park restaurant, romantic dinner music and a free rose for the woman attendance, free miniature horse rides for kids too. That's next Friday, February 14. Paparoah Park, a blast out of landing full of our new power line. Roe don't forget to lie racing tonight, big card tonight tomorrow, 715 at Paparoah Park. My life and low cost, this is court for the 560. What do you weigh in? Why do you best? I'm 60 WQAM, presents the Moe and Joe show, meetings tanked ad with our last failure, so we're gonna try this now, at least we're consistent to get in touch with Moe and Joe. Just yeah. What's that point? This is how I did David did. Welcome back to the Moe and Joe show, so where do you know where Joe? Well it's nice to be here. You remind this 18 hour shift, I kid. Oh no, not at all. You were getting paid extra for this? Well, they said they're gonna, you know what your problem is, kid. What? You're stupid. I'm not. Yes, you are. You're stupid. Just like that Guava loving, spick your body over there. Come on, this isn't, I mean, we didn't even get started. Shut up, you're gonna work my show, you'll do as you told the dude. Okay. Now get over here. Where, over here. Yeah, that's right. Now come here. Okay. I've got over there. All right. Come here. Okay. Get over there. All right. You sure? Look at over here. Okay. Come here. I'm over here. Not there. Oh, I'm over here. I got over there. Come here. I'm over coming over. Okay. Look, we got a break coming up. So why don't you go outside and wait for it to snow? Eh? Not just a man, I don't have to it. Okay. I said, go away for it to snow. Okay. Oh, and though, while you added it, get the QAMV and ready for my appearance at the Hollywood Fashion Center. I don't look how cute. Ah, don't worry. Get it to an automatic. Now, we have a scrape. No, no, not K. It's that'll be very good, sir. Okay. It's 14 to 0 to 560. Nobody can only got to Mad Dogga. One Hank is doing a show at that Royal Caribbean Jury after golfing. By the way, speaking of that, is there something wrong with the hump for that? I don't know about. Did you hear me yesterday? No. Something like he was losing his voice. Has he got learned, Jury? This is something? Maybe he had a mouthful of food. No, no, no. He mentioned he said I can talk for about two hours then, like run out of gas. And he was like gasping and coughing and gasping for oxygen. Eh? He might be ailing. I don't know that. I'm concerned about it. I'm not making a light of it. I just would like to know what all the stories. Anyway, the hump probably along from the Royal Caribbean. Maybe the fact that he surrounded by somebody old farce playing golf out there, then I have something to do with it. Then we got at 7 o'clock. You have baseball. The Hurcun's versus Campbell. I don't have any idea what that is. Is that like Luther Campbell? Is it Glenn Campbell? Is it Campbell's soup? What is that? Campbell, what? And then, if you go from GAA after the baseball game, ESPN Radio overnight, because we got no moon tomorrow. All the way to have Joe. We don't have mobile, but we got Joe in the morning, because it's Saturday. Now, somebody does this off the internet, which is no fun, but nevertheless, they made a list of infomercials. There are some of them on here that are printed, just think like the Perfect Pancake. How about the omelet maker? I don't know what they call it. You don't want to talk about it. It's like a pan, a two-sided, it's like that sandwich thing. That's the perfect pancake, I think they're talking about it. Is that what it is? Yeah. The Perfect Pancake, which also makes... Carlos says it is not an infomercial, and he ought to know. It's not. Okay. Sorry, but it is unlisted in commercials on here, on the internet. So he, Carlos, those words on the internet. www.1.0 for infomercials.com. Carlos says that that's the S.C.Nons TV list, which is different. I see. On TV. Video Professor, walk away the pounds. The roller hose. Oh, I think Gildy has got one of those. Ionic Breeze Quadra? Hmm. Finally, I'm going to waste there some on there, which I never heard most of them. Oh, Rich Packer sends me this, which is very important looking for a free plug for his kids. Why not? Third nostril, featuring Ray Parker, who is one of his... I mean, Ray Packer, one of his sons, and Deccasentax, featuring Bed Parker, is other son. With all these bands, Pompital Indoor Skate Park, and the Pompital Indoor Skate Park, 2171 Blount Road, in Pompital 7PM on what day? What day? Read, oh, Friday, February 7th. That's the night. There's an Indoor Skate Park in Pompital. The Pompital Indoor Skate Park, 2171 Blount Road, in Pompital 630PM, third nostril opens. Ooh, and Deccasentax, a fragile line, I don't know that's the... Anyway, the... Ooh. featuring Bed and Ray Packer, which is said, is one more information called 954, 979-7966, 979-7966. There you go. The oyster charred rich. He's always been very nice to us. It did something very important. I'm out of our music surveys one time, but I figured what it was. It was something marginal. 567-0560, pound 560 on a AT&T. Don't get nervous, but... The yesterday afternoon from the stage apartment, this was updating a worldwide caution that had been issued only two months ago. What was different about this one? About this one is that it is not only talking about so-called conventional attacks, the risk of suicide bombings of using some sort of explosive devices, but also now the risk of unconventional attacks, chemical and biological agents. This is something that the state department has never warned Americans about directly, and I'm told that the reason why they're adding this now, and why they decided to update the worldwide caution was due to those series of arrests that we've been watching and that Sheila McVicker and other CNN correspondence have been reporting on in recent weeks in Europe in particular. A number of people arrested in Great Britain connected to Rysen, potential Rysen attacks, and as far as other potential threats I'm told, Americans need to be alert as well about the possibility of assassination attempts of kidnapping. And as to where there is no specific region, they're told to be alert all around the world, Carol. They're told in particular to be vigilant in their places of worship in schools in homes that they may attend, and that if it all possible, they should try to congregate where Americans don't usually go. So it isn't very stupid. I think that when you're reporting obviously there isn't a lot of it that the U.S. government can offer Americans overseas other than to be on alert, and they do actually say that you should keep your personal documents on hand. And by that they mean your U.S. passport, bank records, your birth certificate. The marriage certificate you should keep. Cluck is your way, and just be prepared for the possibility of some sort of a terrorist attack. And obviously, Carol, they're saying that this is not directly related to Iraq, but rather to get correspondence in different places all around. I know that's it. The council and so on. All the stuff this week. It's just a coincidence. Not directly related. In fact, it's kind of related to Iraq. The same way that Saddam Hussein is related to Al-Qaeda. Very loosely. Okay, let's get back to fun in games. Okay, 1230 will put that thing on with Tom Ridge and John Ascroft, and then we'll all like, we'll make a run for it. You people are looking to board it, right? Here's plantation, hello. Yes, sir. I think you covered most of them, but you know, wasn't girls gone while just the spot, not a full information. No, full information, man. You must have good stuff. Well, remember, Leslie Uggans used to do that full information for the psychics before Miss Cleo. Right. Also, Richard Simmons, no one said that. Sure we did. Oh, he did. He did deal a meal and sweat into the oldies. The great cadre of the dozen now is AJ Floyd. He's the Z-Max. Z-Max, we got that. But what are your responses, Dr. Shapiro? Yeah. He has the woman in the lingerie on the couch. Oh, he's on there too? Yes, saying, you know, if you have a full head of hair, and all he has someone over there on the lingerie. But the best information was last night, really was Michael Jackson. Yeah. I mean, because I don't know what he's going to do. And all he has to do is work in real well by the way, their buying his albums like Halivay and Tel Aviv. I was just saying, he's reciting the way up. Oh, got it. He got sucker born every minute. Have a great weekend, sir. And I don't know the couch behind the TV. Right next to your bonfire, Phil Pigematics. I mean, I was what he was just babbling there. I was like, keep your documents handy. And you know, make sure your insurance is paid up. Now, is that our birth certificate was supposed to keep our I debt certificate? I'm not really sure what was done. I'm not really sure what was done. I'm not really sure what was done. I'm not really sure what was done. I'm not really sure what was done. You're dental records. Good thing they don't want to get anybody. His hysterical. You know what I'm saying? That's good. I'm glad everybody keep calm. We are. Let's get out of here. Here is, um, Pembroke Pigematics. Hello. Oh, yeah. And you know, do you have the, um, I'll run a hover information. Oh, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. I used to be a Irmer watching that really late at night. They would sell you this kid. It had his book and writings and all those other stuff. Pieces of his body were in their two I think. Does anybody remember that to use the so-cosmetics, share in the... That, really, no. Oh, it was fantastic. And Neil, what did I ever do to you? I'm your only fan up here. Who the hell was that? Who was that? And he hangs up. I don't know. I might have to be the chronic guy from New York. Is that who that was? No idea. I haven't got a clue. No, do we care less? Why can't you just say your material without going through some kind of paranoid and making yourself look like some kind of a smuck in the audience to say, Aha! There's another one of those chronics. Last time he called, he said the same thing. Remember that? And we still don't know who to tell you are. Or what that's all about. And I've did that. Talk to him? Did I listen to his crap? Then he had something almost worth rather say. So what's the problem? What did I redo to you? Puts. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Miami, hello. Miami? Yes sir. Yeah, I wouldn't want to say something about Michael Jackson. That, you know, I watched a little bit of that show. Who could watch him for two hours? I don't know. Who was on for two hours? Yeah. Oh my God. And listen, I got fucking back over to the little pieces of bits of it. That's the one thing I never heard anybody ask him. Is he says that he's a biological father, he's kids. Sure. And you know, I'm not racist or anything, but genetically. It looks like that's an impossible to look at the kids. Yeah. Well, I thought they actually showed the faces of the kids. No, no, but you see that. You guys are just blind. Yeah, blue eyes. Well, maybe they're like half half half half. No way. No, there's not a trace. No, I agree with that. I don't think he's going to be like one chromosome now. But they have to. The point I'm trying to make is. What is it? You know, people are talking about, you know, that you know, him being a views of the children, which I probably agree with. Yes. Anybody, please, please, please, please. What's the deal is, you know, these kids are not fit. They're talking about, in fact, the game, taking these kids away from all of those. You know, are they legally adopted or are they his biological, is he supposed to be? He's supposed to be his children. He's supposedly was the sperm. Don't worry. That's what he said. Right. I think we need a DNA test. Sir, let's do it right now. Let's get charlac homes on a case right now. DNA test. My life. And low. This is for sure. You're my city. You're my family. Yeah. Yeah. Fairla, it beat it. Well, the war now. Oh. Fairla, it beat it. Well, the war now. Oh, oh. WQA. Ladies, are you tired of unwanted hands creeping into your panties? Unwanted hands creeping where they shouldn't be? Uh-huh. Then you need a vatio manic. That's your past. It's the first family protection that really helps. Oh, run. Yes. That feels good. Oh, baby. Let's do it. Yeah. Work it sugar. No. Wait. Come on, kitten. But what you dinner? Let me just answer it. Hey. Woo! Woo! Ha-ha-ha! You see, vatio manic is fantastic. It really works. It's good against muggers, rapists, drug husbands, brief, horny uncles, and Martina, never to loath. Woo! Let me just sense your read. Oh, you're so cool. Vatio manic and coming soon for the fellas. It's cockatool. Fantastic. Comforter clock at 5.60. WCU. That's not even a one night thought I was playing. I thought was the Bob and Tom on. Right. Which isn't in there. Not a little half to do. Uh, the best place to find anti-bush material on the internet is www.smirkingchimp.com. For the guy that called before. It's a story. What? Vatio manic. The Bob and Tom. Right. It is? But I'm much it's called Vege. That's right. You just need to go down one more. It is? One moment please. This is important. I've got important at all. Which I wish to have. Very important. Oh, there it is. Uh, smokingchimp.com. I've ever teased you. It is the impeach. Bush and train you to. Okay. But here's the important stuff. If we're going back to all this history that some people are promulgating here. As far as I know, this is the first time to complete sort of the Popeye Rancor products has been told. Somebody got me this from the internet. Says Tim Samuel, The curator of the upcoming, but wait. There's more exhibit at Napa's American Center for Wine Food Narts. Author of the just released book of the same name. Basically, goes from a table out on the street to national television. Most people are realized the complexity of the story. How the product of people in the salesmen are all tied together. The Popeye family combined Vard Villain showmanship with ingenious product design beginning with modest items such as the glass knife. It's always sharp and leading up to Rancor showtime or titsory and barbecue. Which you very likely see and experimented by on QBC by Scrooter Rancor. Ron Popeye is the Ron in Rancor. See we're right about that. But his father Samuel S.J. Popeye and his uncle Raymond Popeye over the Omanic man as in Vegematic. The family dynasty grew literally on the streets of Chicago, says Samuel Symbi people in the Popeye family selling goods and outdoor markets. County fairs and auto shows salesmen mandatables and trimest rising gestures and motions gathered people around them. They were all little products that were designed so a pitchman could take a suit case full of them, haul them to the side and sell them. The products got larger and more complicated. They were more scalable on TV and given flashy names in the most famous being the Vegematic. In the process, their products and members of the Popeye family became international popular culture heroes. Popeye family history is sensationalistic and for postures enough to be the making of an epic novel and unwritten mission of salesmen. This is very poorly putty. Nathan Morris, well it's because you know where the punctuation is. Nathan Morris, SJ's Uncle, soul kitchen gadgets on the jersey boardwalks in 1958, SJ Popeye's suit him for patent infringement. Popeye believed that Morris's roado chop, I remember that. Never used to turn. We had the little plunger on top. It was a blast if you put your stay with turn. The roado chop took close your memo zone chop. Amatic Morris was upset with his nephew. Feeling him ungrateful for the break. And gadgets sales and a court were more suffered as unharter attack. And a guilt riddle day, say settle the case. Only the Avazoncle miraculously become the very next day. SJ Popeye, like I was got a son of Ron Popeye, started in the business that cast him out of the family when Ron began Ron co. But it was Ron who came to watch shine them all. He's the woman of the autobiography. The salesman of the century, and you can buy a straight from oncopeylank. Ron co's television spots home to fast talking perfection. That's a classic pitchment technique such as the countdown, which you can still witness in Ron Popeye's QBC spots talking in the show time or content of the show. The notifications are on to date. The new episode of the show you've been looking at is the 30995. And of course there's always the bonus product. But wait, there's more. The promotion on television seems absolutely resistable. So Samuelson and case of the vagimatic 11 million more silver than 10 years of their production in 1951. I turn up examples of them all the time and they always still work. I think the very nature of the family of the pro, the family of the pro is everybody or their parents are older says some. Popeye related product tucked away in their closet. That's the opposite part not using it, but it's tucked away in a closet Amen Getting pretty crowded in there. Here's Miami, hello Miami, yeah, sir. How you doing? Okay? Every year product, man What is your virtual? Man we talked about it early. I shocked about it. Nads on edge. Yeah Yeah, you know the name is just too much. I don't know who came up with that one. You know, it's put a little man's on you You know, you're not gonna touch me. Yeah. Yeah, you know, and you're covered with, you know, the women is just crazy That's a bit trusty now. Okay, thanks 560 560 Pomp 560 were asking what's your favorite tea and commercial 175 people almost 41% of this crowd hate all in commercials. They want a puke when they see one They want a vomit Grills gone wild videos 91 Ron Popeye showed time works as we barbecue 23 the Ron Popeye pocket fisherman 15 Lot of guys reaching in their pocket fishing for it right now The five masters Susan summers ble a blue a five thing 12 George form and grill the a lean mean grilling machine 11 And nine people never saw one and Single to just from down on there. Well there's so many of them, you know The Homeland Security to the Attorney General and based on that information We understand Recommendation was made to the president. He didn't disagree so we do expect that announcement at 12 30 David is a student's a little natural incidental that this is happening perhaps on the eve of the US war against Iraq You know, I talked to officials about a lot about whether they think there is the possibility of terrorism by Stimulated by the muck barot the Iraqi intelligence service Whether the Iraqis perhaps in Kahuts with terrorist groups might organize something The response I tend to get is officials saying look the Iraqi intelligence service is not all that terrific It is fairly well watched It's not something we worry a lot about sure we watch them But we're not really expecting it to come from that quarter and frankly a number of officials saying They believe that if that al Qaeda would attack the US any time it could Without regard to any war in Iraq or frankly many other factors, but it sure does make you go to excuse don't it? Well here's Mike the old man who doesn't even look for a few plugged it in that nice He says I have the rotisserie machine works great and always comes out juicy I have the original machine 170 five bucks years ago I saw a little bit of Michael S. Knight had to run to the cannon Schmidt and puke that guy is a freak kids aren't his okay? Very good like kids out is 560 pound five 60 on a AT&T line here's for a lot of Dale hello Got it Okay, how about bull Griffin Tell us something we don't know Bolloxy Mississippi Yeah, hey Neil good morning. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Yeah, I was done in the Cuban Republic and it come up and take care of my parents to both six Sorry to hear that yeah, that's all right. I was I Went to New Orleans and he had the original roof Chris take house with a place. Yeah, the best food in the world Anyway, the information you start about the ginsu's got to be one of the best products ever right? Right That's what I think but anyway, I'm here in your own here and not to keep it up body. Okay, and you two thanks a lot Take care hurry on back if you're like you're in if not five six seven Maybe don't want to come back down here. In fact a lot of people right now planning tips to like you know even New York Grand Rapids Michigan under their bed muskiggan Decalb How Indiana What's wrong with these? Nothing I'm talking about places at old Burma and St. Tusset's places where they're not gonna be like Yeah, I'm saying the North Carolina that would be good Um In you thick in my what in you thick it's like way up in Canada. I'm in way up Moasta, Moasta would be good. That's how messing that iron. I ain't sitting All these things sound good Haven't it's afternoon at five 60 WQM if you're wondering if you two in the mince cream We don't want to get your nervous but And these are those your government of course. They don't want you to get all panicky. They don't want to ruin your weekend But the terror threat will be a race to orange Today, late level to high. A lot of people gonna be getting the high today. There's no what they're saying and Tom Regen John asked crop and who could have two better spokesman than those two will be coming on a 1230 We'll care a little bit about from CNN until we can't take it anymore, right or until we have to take a break Isn't that what comes first we could do all the breaks in the first half hour than just leave Oh, see there George goes again. Okay. This behavior there. I think is probably weeks in all time low and Carlos agrees You have been just outrageous today starting out to fennigive I pedophile and making excuses for him and then calling the president Painting that little mustache on him and now trying to get out a bailout here early We've only got 50 minutes and 35 seconds ago not that I'm counting System it's counting You know guys what women really wanted Valentine's Day is for you to put a little fun creativity into your gift This year express yourself in a fun and original way and say it with a Vermont teddy bear just called 1-800-829 Bear and a friendly bear counselor will have to choose from over a hundred bears They're all handcrafted in Vermont and liberal deliver Nicoleville gift box with a free card and chocolate to that Another replace to hide in Vermont and you go with get a lot of Ben and Jerry's there too Tell her she lights your fire with the new burn in love bear Gress like a hunky fireman would love to add to one his arm or say I'm wild about you with the jungle of bear They even have an officially licensed love me tender Elvis bear sending a Vermont teddy bear is a creative in personal alternative to flowers And it'll be around long after Valentine's day to remind her of you send a bear to the office or her coworkers can see how thoughtful and romantic you're pretending to be overnight in Valentine's day delivery guaranteed so call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com this you do something different Something creative something she'll appreciate for a long time Shots say it all with a Vermont teddy bear for Valentine's day tell that old meal toward Nicole 1-800-829-B-E-A-R Shoo-A-R! Why do you best in? Unobstubby by the kids the incident claims that today's modern woman doesn't have time for sex with a job the kids end the shopping you're just too busy to get busy But now thanks to this amazing new offer you can feel like you just got some anytime Big open the shing analysis sex on tape now you can hear the same things you hear during real sex anytime Chapter one label flirting Setting the mood so Chapter three warplay And chapter four after glow Sex on tape it's just like sex without the orgasm just like being with a real man I think I guess you thought I had some new with his hairpiece When have we something if Monday he came that great Based on the color that it is exactly orange I can see it now Maybe he's out getting at the Citrus die maker having it done right now 1230 don't forget we got not only Tom original ask problem Robert Mueller the director the FBI I-I-I-I-I-I-I of activation of national guard and reserve units by the Pentagon in recent weeks I think you see has a list I never noticed that before who whoever she is that does the scene in Pentagon reporting Anyway, here's the thing somebody fast me 1999 From the crime watch consumer fraud watch network and from our show guru away from a corcal in his wife for eight cents in Orlando To 24 years four months for a swindling real estate customer this is four years ago A corcal appeared still again. My channel quite silently and response to us district it Patricia faucet sentence for scamming thousands of people out of $28 million Two of the corcal's associates were sent the story on the data five years each for fraud conspiracy How do you like that makes you wonder how long these other fakers get away with that on there? They're just liquor is that it better common? Here's Pompano hello Hello yes, sir Did anybody mention the floaty yeah, oh I need one I need a haircut Well, I get to we have this guy with Greg Reid can use one two five six seven oh five six Eve Eos is here is like fallout and chunks clumps Yeah, I just I just mentioned that and passing it just seems strange maybe it's just that he's reached that time of his life Who knows what it is? 567.0560 pound five 60 of course. There are a lot of the people who you know or would money by this company They're here's probably falling out too. They can't afford to replace it They'd like to get paid someday five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line I have a feeling now we didn't tell you go under the bed until least 12 30, okay? Because we're still on yellow alert as of now But we know that in 13 minutes and 15 seconds at that point will be placed on orange alert You got there, maybe that's what they're doing They got 13 minutes left Have a good time between now and 12 30 so they might be working on it Here's Weston, hello Yes, sir. Hey, hey, don't do that. Okay Did you say It was going on the fact that if I keep in the case and you know The mist was going to I say up you know it gets to Jesus Just regular person now you have any wonders and the vibes and try to do things so much different Maybe we can bring them back. Oh, so Okay, okay, I take care Yeah, let's play the Jackson's I want you back Huh, and on a boba wow, I see there goes what I Clint and stuff again making this political now I guarantee I have a feeling I could be wrong if the Constitution didn't prohibit him from running for a third term I think if we had an election tomorrow between George W. Bush and Bill Clinton Clinton would win hands down your pants Look at the economy you look at the state of the world as we are in it right at the moment We got the terrible stuff going up through the roof. We got all this spirit of Saber rattling We got North Korea saying hey if you start with anymore this Hanky Panky over here and fishing around You're gonna open up a nuclear holocaust We've got a very unstable when you start you know rattling the spirit and call everybody evil doors and all this other stuff and and you know Not doing the things behind the scenes You need to keep a little bit of a sanity in the world. It makes for a very nervous place in which to live You see what I'm saying what are you saying let's go home. Yeah, we're leaving But first a call from my me be tell No, you forgot K-tail presents petty Klein things to blow K-tail if it's K-tail a must smell right You forgot they were the beginning of the info marchers in back in the 70s Yeah, but there's so many of them now. I guess we can just put K-tail music go whatever They also had the record cleaner that you stood right up and it got red as long Rock on the record back All the record back Rankine and rock and roll it's a natural fairing and now you can hear it for the first time ever as K-tail presents Jufflin does A brilliant music of Scott Chaplin as interpreted by 60 superstars Janice Chaplin available now I'm Jufflin does Chaplin recorded live in Chaplin Missouri Favorite like the lineup of rag the maple leaf rag and the I think I'm gonna hurl in my sleep rag and more Jufflin does jufflin part of the dead master's collection from K-tail whole probably past noon at five 60 WK I just had a hear that once today, you know from all Well, I'm sure we'll be back tomorrow. I'm sure his dog one way did then it'll be resolved till we back tomorrow Gelty nice job this morning On Monday like I said well, I'm starting to move ahead of myself now because I don't think we have time for the weekends anymore No Because time could be running out Based on some of the things that we're here in right now And I have a feeling what they're gonna tell us is they have no specificity they have nothing specific not that they never never have So I you have to wonder why they're bringing in all of these other things, you know about Biological and chemical attacks and all of these other things Just cause just to raise that level of consciousness Just to make us a little bit more keep us on our toes our level. I mean in other words If they're gonna drop nuclear weapons and we do hide under the desk like they thought it's back during the cold war I don't think that'll probably do too much good, you know all you kids out there when they start when you see the mushroom club Hide under your desk Get your books and quantum the desk and we'll let you know when it's safe to come out That was too late for that, but did they actually show those things in school because they showed them after the fact like on cable Yeah, all those movies. Oh, yeah, duck and cover absolutely to ask sure Time out of the address and did you actually do the drills now? Oh, no, no, we did fire drills though Oh, yeah, everybody did fire drills and one time we had a gas main break in in Brighton in Rochester I was in the house in the elementary school and my mother came driving over to the school Frantically his hystericals we all are kind of marched outside dragging out of the line Shlipping me to my aunt and Uncle's house See how she loves you in fact to gas main the other thing was the house right behind us the whole back of the house blue off in one piece Yeah The whole back of the house is blue right off so you could see was like it was like a When you put the food down you fat tub a crap Look at these bottles in here and he picks up something with food. What is in that box by the way? Chicken strips oh whoie. Yeah. I thought it was cooking as or something get out of he you're Look at he can't even get through the door this tub look how red in the face he is take a deep breath. Okay. Could be your last Man fat boy. I'm sorry. He's just he is really in fact that would be a contest which one explores for his hammer the Humper We're hoping it's him because we want to keep the Humper around fat boy hopeless Humper not sounding too good there and I'm telling you I'm picking on him because I want him to lose that way. We want to save his ass and the rest of him too But when I heard yesterday didn't I imagine only when I heard that I'm not making it up He started talking like you know I like you know like that And I thought oh Oh What a wicked price we pay when we get fat You gotta pay the pipe or man sooner or later you gotta pay the lemon pipe or lemon sounds good I didn't like lemon cookies or lemon chiffon lemon meringue pie Like lemon meringue pie. Yeah, haven't had that in a long time or kilo and pie or Nack he lime pie is okay, but you know there are two kinds of pie that are like sickening we sweet Keline pie and what's the other one they are real sweet Southern pecan pie oh oh yeah, I do I do like it But you can have like a one little bite it what what a little tiny forks that they have those little teeny tiny ones You know you all talk about the shrimp forces like a shrimp fort you're gonna have a lot of those and eat like a little piece of pecan pie And that's it because we more than that definitely that but it's a real homemade kind that it's just got a little bit of glaze on it And a lot of pecans that's a real pie None way too sweet the store bought it's a peanut syrup with a few pecans What some whipped cream on it? Yeah, or ice cream, but I do like a lemon and a meringue pie I still say denies for all the fun that people make a denies and certainly deservedly so The mother hump her pies they're pretty damn good You ever had the the German chocolate never had those mother hump her pies Not if I sometimes will just go and get the pie at denies without actually eating there What are you doing right by the charges redeeming self rapidly now his family does not eat it denies Now you're making a good come up here with else I know well come on there people eat Lenny's I'm after I know anybody at Carl's You can't afford to eat a denies are you crazy? Although he does like to dumpster out back he says My crown is right now. He says I love those crusts Even ones in the underwearies anyway And tails can I do the spot? I'm doing a food spot you're talking about underwear and shirt tails in your uh Back to things like that. Oh, oh fire at Rhode Island jewelry planagers 14 Kind of asked is what they use in the dead the death chambers We don't think that's happened That the air quality I've just been told by the chief is is better than what we expected to have material team is still on site But the situation the fox don't like crazy. There's see them now and so things have moving to That concludes patience possibly exposed to potassium a cyanide back away the neighborhoods for a while And people that our senior sent a now but over the next couple hours I think we'll be bringing some of them back though that we don't want anybody in the immediate area still All right, so how many people did you say our injured and how seriously injured are they? 16 people were were in the Technic Inc in Rhode Island is the name of the company But we think one is only one is seriously injured And so But nobody said God is more seriously injured than that yeah, and no and there's no death 5855351 for delivery that's 305755351 The liver from 34th in discane all the way to 135th in discane they'll go to Quayside cricket club the jockey club Flores even delivers as far west as 12 families who east of Collins in 71st give McCall and if you nice the little Judy she'll tell you about the great pizza specials at floors like 1399 for a large cheese pie Alita soda and six delicious chicken wings all these things only 1395 call four is now 305 75855351 and be sure and tell them close personal pie's on old meal Toady to call Is it like a dirty look he's gonna give him what for and then hop off? Okay, so what we're gonna do is it was now wire they're at the podium. Did they say 12 30? Toad they said I mean if we're gonna have an end of the world. Let's do it on time 30 seconds they do Might say that our clock in here could be a little on the other side. I can't even imagine that Do it's very very important stuff. This is more important Facts just came in I went to days of my girlfriend about a year ago We're told by the waitress. They just got rid of the mother bugger pies and placed them with pies by companies like Hershey Which by the way, we're awful compared to the mother bugger's pies bad move venues important stuff when you think in fact that's enough Anybody really nervous crushed Yeah, so I get tell Tell Carlos when he comes back in no more eat out of the dumpster or a denny state Law enforcement going ahead and explaining to their constituents what this means This is gonna be a difficult period for them won't it very difficult I just spoke with the director of the Massachusetts emergency management agency and they're lieutenant governor At 130 at the Boston at the state house in Boston. We'll also be giving a press conference And you will see this going on around around the country will offend and it will mean different things to different states depending on the different states what kind of Vulnerabilities they have what kind of facilities that are located in each of the states So I think it will have a different effect on different governors and that'll trickle dawn down to the different to the cities and the mayors of the different cities and So it will have a profound effect most likely for Michael Bloomberg and George Patanki you respectively the mayor and governor of New York New York City and New York state given the fact that that area has been hit on 9 11 and the earlier as well Presumably it has a greater impact You know what I'm thinking while he's two in his lips because they still aren't up there and putting money to break okay because we don't want to miss one more Don't hang in everybody's hanging on the edge of their seats Minus because once it goes to orange, you know once they that thing could trip up to that red one You know just listen to happen with traffic lights happening Right level that's been in place for so long a yellow level which is called elevators The orange level which is a higher Of security meaning that law enforcement some 17 20,000 law enforcement authorities local state federal around the United States Have to deal with a much more serious potential threat out there the reason being and we'll get some specific Explanations from how credible this information is but There we go General there's a rock in copper and Robert Mueller a three pack you ready yourself trapped in Here we go Okay Currently classified at elevated risk to increase that threat condition designation to the high risk category This decision for an increased threat condition designation is based on specific intelligence Received and analyzed by the full intelligence community This information has been corroborated by multiple intelligence sources Since September the 11th the US intelligence community has indicated that the alkita terrorist network is Still determined to attack in a center Americans Both here and abroad Recent reporting indicates an increased likelihood that alkita may attempt to attack Americans in the United States and Or abroad in or around the end of the haja Muslim religious period ending mid February 2003 Recent intelligence reports suggest that alkita leaders have Emphasized planning for attacks on apartment buildings hotels and other Soft or lightly secured targets in the United States The recent bombings of a nightclub in Bali and Danesia and of a resort hotel in Mumbai, Sakinia Demonstrate the continued willingness of alkita to strike at peaceful innocent civilians and their ability to carry out attacks on such Soft or lightly guarded targets There are also indications bolstered by the recent arrests in London Where chemical Risen was discovered These Indications demonstrate alkita's interest in carrying out Thing that heightened awareness and readiness on our part Detour's terrorism Since September the 11th of 2001 the United States has substantially improved Its capacity to disrupt the terror and prevent Terrorist attacks terrorist attacks against Innocent Americans The active cooperation of the American people Your cooperation Has been instrumental in preventing major terrorist attacks Since September the 11th 2001 the federal Bureau of Investigation has evaluated and investigated over 3000 terrorist threats Within the United States Issued 103 warnings to state and local law enforcement And announced three not including today's announcement three major nationwide terrorist alerts The threat condition designation was last raised to high risk On September the 10th 2002 And reduced to an elevated risk standing two weeks later Today's change in the threat condition designation from elevated risk To high risk Will trigger a series of security precautions by the federal government as well as state And local governments and US citizens To increase readiness to prevent terrorism I have directed ants As we have in the past We ask that Americans continue their daily work and leisure activities With a heightened awareness of their environment and the activities occurring around them As President Bush recounted in the state of the Union address we have arrested or dealt With many al Qaeda key commanders 3000 suspected terrorists have been arrested worldwide Other terrorists have met a different fate We've uncovered and stopped terrorist conspiracies in the United States In Yemen Singapore Saudi Arabia The states of Hormuz and Gibraltar We've broken al Qaeda cells around the world And with the support of the American people We will prevail in this war on terror It's my pleasure not to introduce the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security Secretary Tom Rich Definitely to the end This heightened threat level Has been or is being communicated to local and state law enforcement officials Federal agencies Members of Congress Governors State Homeland Security Advisors Mayors And those who share responsibility for the nation's private infrastructure Information is also being provided to the nation's first responders Our fire emergency Do you make a statement of the city personnel? Do you make that note? Your nation's Homeland Security Advisory System provides a national framework to inform and to facilitate actions Appropriate to different levels of government and to private citizens Either in their workplaces or in their homes The system couples the threat level With protective measures The shorter will be taken to reduce our countries of vulnerabilities As a result of the increase in the threat level As a result of going from yellow to orange Elevated to high Specific protective measures will be taken by all federal agencies Both to reduce vulnerabilities and many of them actually will we believe serve as a deterrent An advance of any kind of emergency Whether it's a natural disaster or a terrorist attack doesn't take a great deal of time And I think it would make family members a lot more comfortable if they knew they were able to get in touch with And they events something happened I think there are ways that parents and adults can certainly be better informed Because as we've described to you Territus attacks Really can potentially take many form families can be armed in advance with a kind of information That you might need and that will be critical to your health and your well-being and I would encourage Americans to Log on to the department's website You can log on to www.dhs.gov Turn more information to become better informed About steps that individuals can take simply to be better prepared The call that we Give today Which Americans have certainly heard before Is based on our knowledge and our conviction that heightened awareness and readiness Deters terrorism Each of us In our own ways can contribute to the security of our nation Our families and our communities Today, if that alert public is our strongest asset If you observe suspicious activity Encourage you to contact your local FBI office or your Local police and to report such activity Thank you and let me turn over you general. Thank you in god bless America. Okay now this story is little unsubot was still flying a Cuban flag defect My impression is that it was a lastman decision kidding said they were patrolling talking about living at the poverty line They said you know what the United States is only 90 miles the United States is only 90 miles Terminated communication with Cuba and headed straight here. Hey free boat Yeah Edward said the men were taken Monroe County jail whether it be turned over to be less of a great Electricalization service and I and us folks have been didn't immediately be turned to call the Cubans who make it to the US it's that wet foot dry foot wet back however that thing goes right what is it wet back? What Carlos is I know he's the wet back So there you go. So we got the undetected Came up on shore parked they boat walked up with air loaded and a wet wet boy our coast guard sure is doing it right on top of it baby Have no fear because the US government is here Sports radio 560 No, I would not be a sport home Oh if I was not a closet of faith That's why your ginger and moke union with make me feel good Everybody knows a quote yeah ginger and moke union Would make my sorrow fully as can save if we had a ginger and moke You And they wouldn't have to hit me right okay, we've had a discussion here programming discussion We've decided a Monday that we did have a good idea yesterday. Stenim Monday mo and guilty will be on in the morning But it won't be our mo and guilty. It'll be book a Brian doing them both Right, which I think you know Something to think about anyway to pull favorite TV information lie hate all information She'll shoot 10 girls got wild videos one 12 Ron Popeel show time emergency barbecue 29 Ron Popeel pocket fisherman 16 Now are we gonna be here on Monday? I mean what I really mean is is the world gonna be here on Monday? Bye bye I died died