Hey Neo, how do you think the uh you get away tickets to a guy who said you're a breath of fresh air what a puts Whatever do you spag anyway? Here's the story. Who do you think? Josh Packard or Jason Smith today? You're a breath of battle man air battle gans That's me. I love that. Battle gans up the stable dance this So what about that then he heat lead? You see he's charged with the reckless driving? Oh, did they charge him now? Yes, they was doing 80 when he hit the condo pillar and split his Ferrari into absolutely the other kid No, never heard a dance that or is like a gut like a little depressed fracture in the skull and they like had operate I guess he may die But no one cares who's that dance? I have no idea who dance that or is I can't much people It was that owner of the redskins when I told the story See Danny heatly if he would have died would have been that back because he's really ugly He's a good hockey player, but he's a very ugly kid He's very ugly. He's got like no teeth and he's got curly hair like Like that's why I judge things for example when Aaron gave you that that stick in the face a couple years ago To put like that big scar on a space like you know he had a pristine, you know baby face before that But then he became damaged goods, which is why it plays for St. John's now not for the Leafs Here's another story a lie load lines gonna play with the Panthers this year You talk about ugly. He's got no teeth nobody cares about the Panthers. Okay, it's personally not that the That's what he's done The marlins when I came here and they're in the playoffs now She's gonna start telling me then nobody cares about the answers for a way the minute you already admitted nobody cared about the marlins And just a bunch of front-witting band-bag and phony's now You know that but they make a play us, but that's not the point What is the point? You're right about there's nobody's well-being They really cares how soft is the support you know if it's soft who'd hell wants it if it's soft? All right, yes, good you are you aware of who's gonna be committing this suicide on stage and same feet Yeah, I know the band hell on earth right no, but are you who's gonna be doing a suicide is it? Well, let me absolutely yeah The article by Kevin Baxter in a hairless today about you and those couple are real shots You took it mo put them over the edge So the movie's gonna be blown as brains out on stage and Saint Pete I'm guessing I might have to fight on to see it. Yeah, I may have to go to the beast would drive over to see it Now You're all up here in a squatting ovation I call it up here today saying that you're fighting with your lawyer. What's up with that? What yeah, yeah some guys to know can there's an asshole that's what oh see there is an An asshole at the hotel asshole to put Stan Major on here to rip me an ass while I loan two grand years ago And never give me a penny back and then I find out last night from a spy report He fags me this innocuous thing last week one day eight fifty we got checked the forest and norm can't then this one and It was all part of a stunt that the Steve Lappal was doing an eight fifty up there in Palm Beach Which nobody down here listens to yeah, and to try to a condescend to believe they were going all sports first of all Nobody cares secondly it had no impact and thirdly it's my attorney conflict of interest normie were an asshole Nobody that knows about an asshole and you can take your Neil Rogers bubble head dolls and stick them up your crappy old bag Ass about the Station of their nobody listens to that. He's a real faggot by the way my lawyer. We're not just gay. He's a faggot So you stick to my stomach. Is he like a He's a conflict of interest normie you can take your charity and your bubble head dolls and stick him out of just the forest How do you like that? I like deep love He could rims the wrapper for fifty hours and it would make me very happy. Probably make him happy too I love about a rim show when you got me going around my love is leverage Some guy called up and said you're fighting with your learn next thing and other whole canoarms comes out He's a major major scumbag He was sorting with the enemy norma you idiot asshole. Yeah No, he won't talk to me now. He's gonna be 38. Well wouldn't talk to me today. Oh 38 up there who wouldn't talk to you today? No Absolutely, but now are yes for this series. I call him so many names yesterday that I think I heard his feelings He wouldn't speak to you now. Well you didn't do a crossover data clock There was not much of a cross over good oldy go these said something to me about I don't know Norman canter something Yeah, I can't tell you get a right norma can okay You know McCann Tony baloney backstabbing weasel. He's a weasel. Now, well he's a fang homo weasel To listen, I'll see you in Saint Peter about the four clock chair. I can wait to see a hell or Earth watching most to a side and then I get five to ten great It'll be great. Yeah, we might we might give him a little helping hand There's no the loadenites gonna be 30. Yeah, I'm gonna be 50. Oh 58 today baby 38 Turn the heater on baby. Sonny shining is beauty is how's the house the least camp coming? Leaves were to leave I said you want to miss the idea of going I'll tell you that you're great, but you ain't no joke I know that Yeah, there's a lot of things I do know I'm not doing anything Who calls the foster he would gunder the foster rea gunder? It needs a little brush and I call it the gunder the gunder rea the gunder rea gunder rea gunder rea Yeah, right buddy, and probably what's your name's and Colter's hanging up there with that pussy gun or rea Hey, you know, I think that car wrecks good for the NHL much like Mark Cuban saying the rape was good for the NBA. It's good when a couple of star players anyway Yeah, yeah, I'm in the front page couple players killed in a car rack and you know They were probably drunk. They were in Buckhead were red Lewis allegedly murder to guy at the Superbowl and all of it You give the NHL somebody talking about a no a time I'm not really doesn't bother me in the least bit Yeah, they're ugly and they don't play who cares if they don't really get to direct then I get pissed off Although I be honest with you. He wasn't a wreck against the redskins on sunny nobody told him Yeah, you would like to do him when you know who Trust me when I tell you I'm a race guy What about David Car was you like to do him who David Car the Houston Carter is okay my girl He says he has no brainic win. I think a brilliant him or the two two hoties in the lead that you probably Have a great equipment quarterback for noted day, which I hate no name like poison. He's the hot new number Really the quarterback and noted name the guy to replace the black guy the true freshman. Yeah Wow, I didn't know he had a little of that expression. He's a true freshman Which means this is his 60 year in the college and he's right for the picking the lady hasn't gone You're classier. He's a true freshman which I say All right buddy. Have a good day. He's right ball right have a great day. Scott quit picking on mole like I said A sense of well-being a sense of self-worth It comes from the inside out. It doesn't come from the outside He's an asshole Crazy Don't feel wild Do you all rise to that dust if you try Do some love your own Oh my kids think that you do have the right to judge him for getting a few Stop The entire goal Wait that feels Stop Just leave and take your son Jay Yeah, it's all the theory it's in the fan ass and it way out doctor feel they hit him like poison Remember yesterday I was telling you I was like right on the cusp right on the edge with a sore throat Maybe a little cold whatever little head cold And I think I got to feed. I'm not sure good and I ran out this morning Got some of these great halls defense vitamin C a lot of inches which are nothing but pure flavored sugar But they're great. They were had these. Yes, they're great nine past deals in the package I hate the fact that they have to put French and English all the everything that's made in Canada Mm-hmm, it's the lore here. They have to pass if I don't get it Anyway, a thousand and four votes. They hated the poya yesterday probably because they didn't understand it which is So much distressing to me, but nevertheless what's it talking to him? I don't know about you, but I'm not all I crazy about too much talking while getting head or giving But at any rate never talk with a bottle that's what mommy told me never talk with your mouthful impolite and dangerous Which TV talking head you pray never to see again was our poll question is that to get's pretty straightforward? Very easy to understand Unless you don't know what a TV talking head is which a percentage of Saudi and not to admit don't get what it is They don't understand anyway and culture was off to a gigantic leave and she did when hands down your pants But the skaky a post-stramy snatch bitch didn't win by all that much as we thought Because Dr. Phil who was a lady addition, even though he does have his own show because he's he's always guessed thing all the other everywhere It's all over your tube So he qualifies as a TV talking head and culture three hundred seventy nine votes about 38 percent But Dr. Will of very respectable second 243 said Dr. Phil is that they pray never to see him again 24.2 percent or smell him Johnny's Cochrane which I haven't seen him in a cone sage 133 votes 13.2 percent and after that it was a fairly small potatoes Gloria all red 81 And after that way down Nancy grace only 32 that chance made on the chalk you a lot of people don't watch court TV And the one But she's not just on court TV though no there we're in she's here She's she's like a cancer in your TV George will 24 Very shrek mr. DNA man's got 20 Laura in group 19 Debbie Schlossel I have no idea who that is 15 Katrina Fandon who will from the nation 14 Coach of the way the president says the nation nation he has a very lucky little away Same that everything else at least he's consistent So is that average 13 she is one of the most nauseating bitches that ever I can't believe she only got 13 votes they must not know who she is No because just just her lips there's something about her mouth and her lips She just nauseating she just offensive the fact that she's still breathing the fresh air makes me want a puke Take especially and let all the good people who've died lately Like John Ritter and Althea Gibson And what was his name Johnny Cash Johnny Cash another one. Oh, he was he was old and craggy and all sorts of disease We do it was kind of too many them faggot's over the years hit too many and his face was like all puffed up like Jerry Lewis He was you could tell he was on a way up. No who just died who was 94 the playwright guy the Ilie cuz then he'll Ilia Kazan very good even actually pronounce the first name right Ilia Susan that's rich at 13 votes peki noon and 12 I also don't know who she is Babe you can and had 11 whose pets clone sister Jerry Spence had only five with the 10 gallon hat and Bernard Goldberg had only Because the Jews figured itself right right at rush is shut at the time they don't want to be picked on no more Jews So Bernie Goldberg why I don't I don't see him anywhere few not much no now not long time luckily since he had his born again right wing Conversion only three votes for Bernie so there you go That's what he's all the sandcoder wins handling but Dr Phil did pretty goddamn good nice gone Dr Phil. We hate you We love Paul though from wherever to help Paul is from he doesn't tell us where he's from and closed his a check of a hundred bucks To the band of Petrescu you don't have to send me Marlon tickets because it's not really something that interests me. Well, that's good Paul I sometimes feel bad listening to describe this deadbeat town because we don't feel the stadiums Well, that's only a part of it. That's only one reason it's a deadbeat town But it's not something that interests me that much I hope it's okay not to go. Well, you know what Paul it's okay We'll take your money for charity and we appreciate it and you don't have to go. It's just that there's so many other people You think some of them will go other one. It's front-rening phony band wagon jumping time However Paul says I do enjoy that boring game soccer He enjoys soccer and I certainly understand my most Americans don't so I'm not gonna try to convince you Others that you should give another chance. That's good Paul because we don't want to give another chance We hit it. I however am at least faithful to that sport like when I bought a night brought on 19 inch TV to my office during the world cup and told my boss the other choices I show up late for the next month that I'm not missing a game We're all faithful to something I suppose as most of your listeners are proven by being faithful to anything that's free and Paul You are Give out some free animas Neil. Let's see who shows up. Yeah some free blueberry animas that but you have lots of I don't know up at the door. Oh, if they were free acid animas the right to amigo sin piajoh and la punta This is Paul. That's so that's what it is Paul. Thank you Paul. Thanks for the check 10 13 at five 60 WQA. If you're fat like so many people are out there This could be the answer you've been looking and praying for if you're tired of being a disgusting pig Out of shape. Let's argue if you're diabetic around the verge of and like I said yesterday Believe you me. It's not just a word being diabetic changes your entire life all kinds of things You can't do when you can't eat and then of course the after effects if you don't like nippet and the bud can be pretty damn unpleasant Balance for life can help you lose that weight if you're frustrated because you've tried all the other gimmicks and the pills and the fads and you're still fat as a cow Balance for life. No, I beg your pardon What was that Scott Doing what? Playing stuff Plain stuff in the middle of my spot Apparently you're an asshole Scott really an accident sorry Scott juniors an asshole anybody know that Oh there we know them anyway balance for life can up. He lose that weight once and for all There's no calorie counting no carbahid weight counting no cooking even though shopping no cleaning No nothing all you do is reach outside your door so clock in a morning and every door whenever you get up and every day It's right there the little black sack with all the food you need for the entire day to keep you full and happy and satisfied and lose and wait You'll start seeing results on your scale within just a matter of days Three or may meals totalicious nice you fill out the menu once a week you have two choices for each meal every day to try on a program If I balance for life is the only company to give you a choice for every meal and snack and like I said inside that sack the Licious fresh food nothing frozen nothing pre-fab no crap no little tiny packages of garbage But really fresh delicious meals that will keep you happy and satisfied and full all day long So if you want to try something that will really help you lose the weight effectively into the Licious way balance for life is the answer call them today 954 5 6 8 32 29 You got nothing to lose except that dangerous disgusting ugly fat 954 5 6 8 32 29 or visit their website balance for life.com Look And I was like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Can I see that five-60wc? Can trick me... For the first pull is up. What's your take on Arnold Schwarzenegger the next governor of California? We've got the five excellent choices for you, Zeus. This is our first pool. We'll do the thing about Europe. Most detested gamers sport later on like they've done CNN. Although we're not going to have dog fighting in cock fighting and bull fighting them. Bull Schmidt. Arnold, he's great. He's better than great. Hashtag be better than great Davis. He's a total buffoon. Astal IVs the Arnold or terminate his ass. First 15 votes terminate his ass 7. He's a total buffoon 4. Astal IVs the Arnold 2. He's great one has to be better than great Davis 1. It's a good thing that our voters are to California Arnold being big trouble. Because he's obviously a moron. He hasn't got any concept of anything. He has no experience in politics whatsoever. But based on celebrity and the fact that the media love gushing him up and building him up and giving him list oodles of free airtime, even though it's 134 other candidates. Ah, that's why he's going to win by landslide. Because America loves celebrities. That's what it boils down to. That's all they care about. Oh, Arnold. Oh, wonderful guy. Never stole a free train. Here's a lady in Boca. Hello. Neil. Yes, man. Hey, good morning. When is the run? Good. When is the ass? Really? I'm calling. Just thank you because you always make me laugh. Well, that's great. That's Dr. Phil. I live with my mom and she's almost 80 and every time Dr. Phil's on, she looks at me. Like, I need to help. But anyway, I just wanted to hear you. I slap her around a little bit. No, no, no. Versus my mom every now and then every once in a very while when I'm down there, I slap around a little bit. We're like a charm. Well, it's different when you're 24, 7 or whatever. It happens around the house. Yeah. Or it just once in a while, right? Absolutely. It's the heart growth order. But really, I'm just calling because I listen to y'all the time. Enjoy the cross over which guy. I can handle Scott. I'm too old for him. But I enjoy the cross over the house. Well, this is good. This way, only have to listen for two or three minutes. It's 10 o'clock in the cross over. That's what I do. I'm walking the dog. Right. When you walk in the dog. When I appreciate what you do for a pandemic, a pebble rescue, I adapt to two dogs. And I spend enough on them now. We're a well, maybe I'll send a check on, oh, it's tight. But anyway, I appreciate everything you do and thanks. Okay. Well, that's sweet. Have a great day. You too. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. Good day, huh? Yeah. I've got a lot of money. Seriously, she was very nice. I mean, we don't like too much syrup on our ice cream. Although a little chocolate syrup and marshmallow was that stuff. Fluff. Scott was telling last week. Remember, Fluff? Yeah, he's about to bite. Yeah, there are a lot of shows on a station that are fluffy. Especially at one early in the morning. Although it won't be on next week because the host, one of the hosts is going to be all of his brains out committing suicide on stage in St. Pete Saturday. In violation of law. But see, I guess once you blow your brains out, it doesn't make any difference if you throw it away. They'll arrest you anyway. Really? Like for your ass in a slimer? Right. Not the rest of you. Just the ass. They'll slice it off. This thing that somebody just facts to me, but all about very jackass. Well, where did this come from? This doesn't look it's out of the Harold. Is it? I guess? No. Maybe it's part of the Harold's new look. Yeah, it is from the Harold. He says it's been an amusing South Florida tradition for Marlon's 11 years of existence. The team plays again. Then WQM Talks Show host Ed Kappen criticizes the manager. Don't take the managers haven't noticed. Jack McKee and appearing to somewhat erke mentioned to a room full of sports writers last week about how some late night Talks Show host had questioned the strategy even though it were no report of the room and asked him about it. Sometimes Kappen will question a pitching change. We're often in a reprimandager for a bunch of especially early in games. And it goes, this goes on and on. I mean, nobody really cares about this dude. No. Well, I think that anyway it's in very jackasses, com. Channel 7 jumps a chance to air tomorrow in Channel 10 to climb. They had the first dibs on it. And they said, no thank you because it's in a prime time and it's in the afternoon going to cost as money. We don't care about the community or about the general interest in the enthusiasm for the Marlon's in the excitement and it would generate. We don't care about that. It would cost as money for a bunch of crap that we run there in the afternoon like the white lottery of eating and bishops old ass. So at any rate, a channel 7 is going to be airing. Are we excited about that? Oh, yeah. Oh, is it matter of fact today? Scott. I say Scott because you know, Kira. The Yankee, don't tell me who the hell are they playing the Yankees in the Minnesota, right? Yep. Is on a one o'clock. Yes, they are. So, probably. Let it get to be around what a clock. Going to forget because I'll put on the TSN here. We'll carry it. Well, we'll pick it up. In fact, maybe I'll do play by playing whoever they got to do and play by playing. I'll do hell of a lot better job. My right. But a little bit. I'm not going to watch soap operas for a change. Oh, do you want to miss passions? No. It's because Luis has started to catch on a little bit very, very slowly that maybe Sheridan was on that boat. And I tell you one thing, I wish we could all hold our breath as long as Sheridan does underwater. This is about the third episode where she's been like, like a goldfish, you know, and she can hold her breath underwater for like weeks and days. No problem. But at least she finally got to air out that poor dress. That bloodstained dress she was been wearing for weeks down and I picked. We'd never once she got out of the pit and number two they're like washing off her dress, even though it is deep underwater. I don't think my voice has been last the whole show today. Oh, you're doing great. But the Yankee game on. I want to plug that. Hey, that's a good idea. Well, why don't we carry the goddamn Yankee game on. We're supposed to be a sports station, are we? Come on. Let's get the Yankee game on it. What's wrong with you, Pussyza? In addition to which I think is today that day we got to crafty one of Clark R was at yesterday. That's not too bad. Don't you remember yesterday? Oh, yeah. He's asked that. And by the way, Philist, the way you're doing this log. I wouldn't wish this on here, I'm on Gering and George W Bush. Our N.O.J. Okay, Philist, what the hell's her excuse? Maybe Greg ain't given her any, any mole. Maybe that's it. I think that might be her problem. Because she used to do the L.E.S. The log, even though she was a nasty bitch, used to do the log pretty good. But no, no, no, no. I said the Zanz. No, no, no. Hey, there you are. Hey, there you are. Atlanta thrashers, I don't have too many hockey fans out there. I want to think I should caution Scott. Because he, you know, he'll argue at me in the beginning. I'm talking about for real. But after a short while, like after about two or three days, he'll finally catch on like the fact that there really are no Marlon fans. It's all front running phony facade, right? Cause they got hot. He had to see it for himself. Right. And he said, you're right. This is a horse ball sports time. And nobody cares about hockey because you know as well as anybody after those great hockey shows. I guess who called me last night, I already told him. Yeah, pay horse ball. Let's put that down in the list. Now, I see I like the rumors. I really do. I just, but I just have to describe him calling for a month or so at a time in a more slacker charm as opposed to Norma Kid who's a pussy in a backstabber and a phony and got lots of conflicts of interest to if you ask. Right. This is your brain being chopped and bits by a fine-win-home meat cleaver. This is your brain and a plender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains. Real food for real people. Arnold, Schwarzenegger is wife and my good friend. Maria Schriver, giving her first ever interview together and Arnold. Right. Okay, try about all the stories about womanizing. Absolutely. And I think that's pretty fair to say. Many times, many days. Yeah, that's true. I think that's a very good thing. I would have never done it if I wouldn't have had to support with Maria. Well, you know, she's a Kennedy woman and they always look the other way. Right. I have been bred to look the other way. Maria has been the best. You know, I'm not going to stand in your way. You have to do what you need to do. Arnold, on the floor and while sexual experiences when we come back, okay? Okay, so I'm going to come back. Okay, so that's what we need. Down for the plan, Oprah and of course, I'll probably grow up in the number of, yeah, there's no question about that. They'd be playing a mean chinball into. Gropora. Gropora. I like that. It's the Gropora Winfrey Show. I'd actually get an audience that discussing bitch. 1031 and 560WQI, invest in the old van hit today. I thought it was going to be Thursday, but the good news is it's today. At noon with Joe Costello has raised a lot of money for our abandoned perviscu. At least noon today at Rivia, Maha 3671 or 36 high-waind Pompano Beach and as an incentive because it's a tough year trying to raise money for charity, especially when your lawyer is trying to siphon off money to some other thing that he's got going and he's involved in, which is another conflict of interest if he asked me and try to manipulate and use me, but then could happen. And anyway, the first five doughnuters, in other words, the first five people who actually donate for end to get one of our new Rogers CDs or one of our more Howard David's key chains or Jim and his key chains or whatever we got there. First five doughnuters get a pair of Alice Cooper to get for it off Friday at the Pompano Beach amphitheater courtesy of the real yellow pages. And by the way, don't be ripping bell soft because they spend a lot of money on our station and Gary's journal get upset, you know. OK. OK. Do it while you're on. Sure. Now, it's just not a good idea. I don't know. We know, we, they, first of all, they hate me like poison. We have the, we have the AT and T in horizon wireless line. We don't have a bell soft line because they despise me. They hate me like poison. But nevertheless, they'll take free plugs a lot. I want to show I notice that. You know what I said? Oh yeah. Now, let's take all of free plugs on those promos. No problem. No, they'll take free plugs free. So they did in a South Florida like a rubber glove, like right up your ass. But nevertheless, we don't want to get Gary Sarner. Oh, because even his clone and answered in that pervert over there, he'll get all Ben out of shape. Anyway, there's an official Marlins watch party. Now, see this is tonight and tomorrow. Who wrote this? Is this the lovely Miguel wrote this again? What an idiot. The game isn't tonight. It's this afternoon. Does it get dark at 3.30. And afternoon? I guess only like in a block and certain other parts of town. It doesn't get dark at 3.30. And if it's not tonight, the official Marlins watch party is the same afternoon and tomorrow afternoon because the games are at 406. Our time 106 San Francisco time. Whereas the mad dog says, fan fram 5th go. I don't know why he says it like that. You think there's like some kind of a fact thing in there? Don't know. I do know. Anyway, so that's a deal. 330 this afternoon is the official Marlins watch party. Schulestake 2 and my melaes both today. And Marbley the Marlins going to be there. The Marlin Mermaid will be there to service everybody who comes by. And there'll be interactive pitching games. And if the team don't play well or be interactive pitching games. So go and buy Schulestake 2 and have a great time. So the schedule is mad dog has gotten abbreviated show today. Oh, right. But she likes that. More money unless work mad dog. He learned seriously every time I'm down there. He's the guy you've got to hit a to him. Man, nothing comes in shakes my hand and thanks me for making him so much money for doing almost nothing. I said, hey, you're catching on man. The hump or this time is really. Back to homework today. He'll work tomorrow, right? I guess. Yeah, look at that. And I noticed. Well, what is what is that? I'm looking at Thursday and it says 2 to 4 jimmndage. 4 to 5 is the Dave one stage show. And it's her coolant's game day because the her coolant's are playing West Virginia on Thursday. And then I'm looking at Friday schedule and we got the Marlon game again. And so the hump or his got what a what a scam. The hump or his off today. The hump or his off tomorrow. The hump or his off Thursday and hop or his off right. And none of it is against his vacation time because it's all ball game related. Plus he's not out of a three hour show getting to pay the same that he was doing before for four hours. Hey, it's going Hank. I'm jealous. Everybody thinks I got the best game going. I'm not even close no more. They pass me like I was sitting still. Sit on your ass. Oh, it's all past on that. I'm sure you will too. The trash replayers were on their ass. This is bad news. It landed thrash your star Danny Heatley which showed today with reckless driving for a very off a road in the slimbing a sports car into a wall that about 80 miles an hour. This is your sports car was a Ferrari by the way. A crash that left him with a broken jaw and teammate Dan Snyder critically injured. The thrashers had snatter a passenger in the car had surgery early that they had grady memorial hospital for depressed fracture in his skull. Heatley broke his left jaw was in stable condition. Atlanta police spokesman Sargent John Quiddly said he was driving his Ferrari shortly before 11 o'clock last night. When a car left the road and struck a wall in front of an apartment complex, the vehicle had broken half. Quiddly said. Heatley was also charged with serious injury by a vehicle because his passenger was injured. Police told Atlanta your constitutional radio horrible cops newspaper by the way. The car hit the wall in about 80 miles an hour that Snyder was ejected from the vehicle. Snyder was sent a record 10 goals net for assistant 36 games for landlust season. Had surgery on his ankle earlier this month before the start of training camp, he was expected to start the season on the injured list. See, I could say something there but it would be a very poor taste right Scott. Yes. Well, I mean he is going to start the season on the injured list. We hope he pulls through seriously even though Scott for well always makes these comments about he wishes this one. I mean, doesn't he feel like a little bit bad if he says something like that then the guy actually does die? No. Wait, so any 25 years old? I'll send it otherwise he doesn't really care. No, but he is a breath of pressure even though he's a heartless bastard for well. The 25 year old pair of seven of the thrashes is a free agent in 99 after playing for season's a junior hockey in Owen Sound and the OHL beyond Terry O'Hockey league. And he atleast a superstar one of the upper-common young stars 41 goals 48 assists team record for landlust year and Yati Adiani. Former University of Wisconsin player was the second overall pick of the 2000 draft and there you go. Speaking of the, what is it? Have a correction on what? The band hit will not be today. We'll be Thursday as previously scheduled. This was a misunderstanding typo kind of thing I'm told. See the thing that's written at the top of that page that we got today, that's the date of the revision, which is today. I don't want to say any names, but somebody there is a freaking moron, okay? Somebody there is a real asshole. I am. Ha! Well, you wrote this out? No. Oh, you want to answer it? That's not connected, just but I don't know. I'm not the only one. No, oh, listen, that's asshole central. How are we supposed to know that? It says on top of here, I not only that, but then they be vised in and it's still said to the Nanturity Nourary revision was courtesy to be able to pay just on those tickets for the Alice Cooper. So the thing is this Thursday, October 2nd, like we were saying yesterday, I thought they had changed it. It was very nice that I'm the semi-enupdate. But I guess we're supposed to be psychic, isn't it? And it's also says tonight in tomorrow, which it's just afternoon. Seriously, who wrote this out? This don't look like, is this Miguel? Yeah. He's an asshole. No wonder Doreen turned him down, you know it. Even as good as he looks, see that all night down the exterior, all that physical exterior, you know, hot looks and everything. He has no control over that. He just had good genes, that's all. He's just lucky. The born, you know, maybe one of his parents was real hot, you know? Or maybe it was in his family tree. But they're sure his health was no smart in it. I mean, this is just plain dumb. This is just stupid, you know? Just keep making us look stupid or stupider. On the one hand, I got a promotions guy there who can't get to God damn, uh, Van Hitz right. And on the other hand, I got an alloyer supposedly my agent who's like working against me, putting people on here to trash you, how am I? There goes the phony. You know, normal can't lead's metal help because every time I stood in on this, at 10 o'clock when I was ripping him and asked, Uh-huh. My phone was ringing in the other room. During the break, I went into here to voicemail, I said, you don't want any message. So it's just a crazy person who keeps ringing my phone every ten to get like agitated. Just like they're trying to agitate me, which you cant hear it at all. Now obviously. Cause it's in the other room. I don't have no phone in here. Well, drag it in there with you so we can only… No, but seriously, so every time I mentioned normal can, he's sitting there calling here. I think he needs to be an I'm a straight jacket in the rubber room somewhere cause you know I had to be him. During this next break, I'll go in there if it's a voice mail, like maybe a pack maybe I could show it up, Boker Bryan's disc or something. correct the but he's still an asshole okay no he is I mean I think he's got to decide if he wants to represent Steve Lappa and Palm Beach at I make believe station and he's on or whatever he's got a conflict of interest see would like me being say I don't want to be a lawyer see what I'm getting that I don't want to be an agent I want to be a lawyer I'm satisfied doing what I do that's all you can't be all things to all people I do this and that's it but on the other hand we got to go once to be a baseball player he wants to be a a hot shot agent he wants to be a talk show a host they you know I want to be a hundred different things you follow my group I'm not getting off on a tangent on him because he's just a piece of crap but he's on one hand trying to siphon off with his bobblehead for his own for his own uh... thing there and he's involved in the he's the director that the center one thing and try to like siphon off money for our brand to pay rescue which for us my ass and we got Miguel here was given us I think it's abatized if you ask me maybe you understand that maybe they're colluding eighty nine votes on a pool what's your take on our old sports nigger the next governor california and he will be uh... it's it's high comedy is what it is well I'm just it's uh... high comedy is a yes I know yeah but it isn't I haven't heard from him in a long time I saw it back then not that I'm uh... jones in here from him five minutes ago ninety four votes terminate Arnold's ass dirty he's a total of the food twenty five his great sixteen has to be better than great day of the sixteen off the lv's the Arnold seven she almost impressed by candidate who comes up with stuff like it's time to terminate this governor it's time to terminate this disaster to ask the lv's the great day was you know and right there I mean it's all you're thinking you need to know sure he's the best ten forty-one fifty bucks sixty four assholes nation came it four enough You'll be the governor just for fun time I made her To the without far off No way here we are Cause he's best will do anything Now he will be the governor He wants sin Not if you don't believe So you don't not class Common names and says they want to be dead What a mess with you There's no one Does this me with John? Yeah, but if you got the power to run You will not We don't have much time Oh, it has to end here You will not win Ask for the vista Baby, no The latest tribute to stupidity and illiteracy And you want an alive Do you want a wise going to win? That's the American fucking way That's right Dumb dumber and dumbass Jim Carrier, something to say about that, didn't he? Yeah He said he's really stupid 1046, it's 560 WC Don't forget the Howard Davis Going to be committing suicide and saying Peter Verdon staged this Saturday We're going to be selling tickets for that for charity By the way, it was the concierge If you have a fetus package, it's just a book of Brian Discus here I could go down or get it today during the show But we'll make them wait till tomorrow Well no, because I got a lot of great new stuff here Like that I just played right away Didn't you like that? I liked it Yeah Even though it's wrong, but never to less 567 Let's take a lot of calls because I have heard a little voice Even though I got a thousand different things Your manners a lot of crap going on There is There's no, no, there's crap We could even talk about some of it Huh? But we don't want to talk about that thing No About your problem with your DSL No, we don't need to Because your assernal gets upset And then your calls people call an in-riff in Bell South and ass You've spent $40 million here on this radio station See, this is the problem When you have a monopoly is that you can intimidate people And like laying off on your way Right? Like they heard used to try to do And I explain way back in 76 to a single event Well, I think I think shit understood Because at least you know At the IQ larger than is a penis is what Lynn Russell told me But at any rate And Sid, I'll just do that to Harold And at that time the Miami news Remember the Miami news? Oh yeah, who? That'll be like inspiring together In fact, the Harold controlled the news is circulation Out of the same building Which is why there is no more Miami news But anyway, it was a virtual monopoly And of course now it's a total monopoly in Dave County So no matter how much money the Harold spends on his radio station We can still rip the mass and call him up there Which is a sad horrible ass and excuse for real newspaper Because it's the truth and they're monopoly Right? Just like just like Florida plunder and loot You know, it's the same thing Yeah, I mean if you if you want the power Right? Who else are you going to call? Well, we'll say this though I have power See I'm yeah getting the city Getting the city You're getting the city Doosh when you're done There's a problem up here now right there Yeah, you said doosh when you get done with Gary Sarner 5 6 7 Oh, let's take a few of these calls There might be one or two real ones on here Here's Miami Hello Okay Hey, the norma can't think they came up this morning That, um, well, he stole your boyfriend Is that, is that, why you guys are in the way? No, they're not, not the impunc that he hangs out with Any interest to me, sorry Okay, they, okay Ha ha ha ha That's how I'm like one of his faggots right there, you know, no question One of his acquaintances Sure See, the bottom line is you can try to make light of this And I just say that there was the tongue on I got it, RT You can make light of this argument, but the fact of the matter is this is a guy supposed to Representing me and he's putting people on his make believe show on his make believe radio station To rip me an ass, which you know, big deal But then on the other hand he's like, he's like, try to represent both sides And against the middle, can't do that Conflict of interest I wonder if Steve Lackba, how much he's paying him over here to represent him Up there in Palm Beach at 850 I was not the station in normal show, was on sea I can't keep any of that straight You can't either because I asked you that one girl And I don't know, I don't care I mean, which one is JNA and which one is FTL and which one is FLL and FLA I don't get it I don't know FLA, that's in Tampa But I don't know about any of these other ones Because nobody wants to know They're either have fractions in the ratings So they don't even show up at the top 800 station There've been eaten notice But these are people who really fancy themselves as broadcasters And he continues playing little games and sending me facts And he's like, oh look at this, they got Jeff to forest on And Jeff from where's that one, Jeff from where by the way Wasn't on that show, I find out And all these other people on there and who cares You know, something after the experience of the fan Remember the fan resting piece Nobody does, 60 90 on your dial I remember the hysteria here in the building Right, and then even after that as much as Greg wanted to get all Ben out of shape about Fox Sports he knew that was going to be a lay of big edge Which it has 940 on that great frequency They're their numbers are fractions most of the day Even in midday would big roll we'd get a 1, 7, and men What a number, embarrassing So if there's 75 stations out there to want to go all sports VR guests, okay, what the other thing is to make I mean there's so many great sports casters out there Very good Jim Barry back on the air Who's a big Chicago fan by the way We already got Crow on there and a fractional morning show with a crow Yeah, I'm 40 With the current's his boyfriend over there that the current's a book Both guests for Winner John Winner, oh yeah I like that one I'm sure you do Probably smells very new crow Oh man, there's a guy, seriously he used to bathe in cashmere bouquet If you only person in my life I've ever encountered who took a bat in the talcom Potter and smell the part Here's my me beach hello Norman can't John for 1800 Okay, I get fine He's got my name Perfect And there's one of his listeners right now all the crimes Do you see what I mean? What was I just talking about yesterday all the chronic war Or in the LLTL top show groupies Yeah Okay, thanks fine Mike Mike Mike Lance Now didn't he do the Woody Woodpecker cartoons That was a different way in your pants Let's keep these calls coming man Oh, I'm gonna have to read even though it's very important stuff and I'm very might see it's a question of whether I finished today Which I think I can do Hmm Some of the low Seriously some gonna be a post Or if I like lose my voice then you'll be on the rest of the week Okay, I guess what I want to talk about No So Gary Sarner's open it he's gonna send me some honey he can bribe me is what he can do He's gonna like have an emergency you gotta make kids contact up here Let me some lemon and honey and tea to make sure I don't lose my voice because he share a lot of your ass on his way Hmm Because you'll be bitching and moman and complaining and carry out an additional wish you ought to install care anyway But you're freaking DSL products. That's just mine It's everybody's and but you know something I don't carry either because I'm working my uh, I've held some paddock over Scraped here in Toronto a I've never had in two years now. It's almost two years. I've never had one second of downtime in my computer I'm in an interconnection not one And not only that but when you press like like you put something on yeah, it's there like just like that I mean like magic like that right it is Yeah, I remember those days as opposed to the craft service that you got including what we got there in a station Which you could fall on a floor Waiting for the goddamn thing to finally I could click it you sitting there and waiting and waiting and it's grinding in you I need therapy Well Gary Sarak and I'll be on yeah, we'll get you to trade the therapy maybe Moha's uh hook up here's a call from Boca. Hello Hey morning, you're yes, sir. Yeah, Mo does have a hook up. It's a class me back. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was the guy with the fiery forum norm yesterday Yeah, and I hear you doubted me after that, but um apologies accepted apologies for what? No, you were saying hey, maybe this guy was wrong. How do I know that how do I know that you're right? I have never read verification on it Yeah, I know I know because you're the earding only one who'd be listening. Yeah, I kind of roam around the station a little bit and And she was going on a different channel Yeah, well you certainly seemed obsessed about it considering the fact that nobody listens to that station whatever one it is And number two nobody else was listening obviously nobody gives a nobody knows who to help stand major is no mo He's no I know I know I would tell you why are you so upset you have like a normal kid blow up dollar something I mean you have like something but when I was her When I do have is a blow call of Scott the Long boy. Yeah, he's he's a good friend of mine. Is he really? Yeah, so I would definitely tell you the truth. On sure his wife is pleased to hear that Yeah, after he got married, you know the circle jerk stopped and everything. Yeah, that's the end of that for everyone including him Okay, everybody's life pal. Don't call us a normal for a while Call the S today and right away. He's getting like my curious thrill because I'm talking about it again The only reason I'm mentioning it again is because the other info I found our last night about this a 50 thing an emister is facts. We got that day See you have to make up your mind which camp you're in normal you have to make up your mind You can't like spread yourself out all over the place and be sucking Steve lap as ass and then be going to Greg Reed You want to do this and you want to do that and then pretending to be my agent too, which is the only show of any consequence in America That's not syndicated even that little self hating torpefaggot Alice rantellas got on how many stations I'm sorry to me. Yeah, syndicated And what do we got we got? Yeah, 560 a.m. What at the frequency from hell? That sounds like it's coming through your goddamn pop up toaster The leader of the rock band hell. This story is just it's just amazing to me. Why is that? I don't know you don't find this story a bizarre No, not anymore. I think it's a publicity story. You think somebody's really gonna off themselves I think it's a publicity start and no one will often sell. I think most gonna do absolutely The leader of the rock band hell on earth said Monday that an on-stage suicide will be conducted during a private same Petersburg concert this weekend In the fines of a new city law designed to stop the act The show will go on Billy tourl a turtle lot said It'll be available on the internet and it'll be in the city limits of St. Petersburg Can you imagine if they put it on the internet? Yeah, how many million people will be watching? Early Monday the same piece that he counsel unanimously proved an emergency ordinance that makes it illegal to conduct a suicide for Or commercial or entertainment purposes and a host promote and sell tickets for such an event It's a stop-consured So for what purposes can you commit a suicide then just for the hell of it. I think no that's illegal too While I still think it's a publicity stunt we still couldn't sit by idly and let somebody else lose their life Councilmember Bill Foster said no kid to foster he would or speaking of foster he would Okay, meaning of a sex division circuit judge John Lenderman of St. Petersburg granted the city a temporary Inchunction against the band yesterday preventing them from advertising was showing allowing the suicide the judge Get old haste okay hearing in the case Thursday. So we'll keep our IP on this The Tampa-based band known for such outrageous onstage stunts as chocolate syrup wrestling and grinding up live rats in a blender yummy First created the fewer by announcing earlier the smoke that the suicide would happen during a show at the state theater Without sound Saint Pete but the theater's owner promptly canceled a band's appearance and another venue also turned away The event now turtle 33 said the suicide show will be played before a select few people have an undisclosed location in St. Pete Saturday It will be shown live on the band's website He wouldn't disclose any details about the terminal. You'll person or say how the person plan to kill himself Well, somebody who's terminal. He also must be more. Yeah, so who cares? Thanks. Oh, absolutely He said the point is to raise awareness that physician assisted suicide should be legalized in Florida See this isn't just a mild publicity. Oh, he's trying to do something with it He's trying to say like youth and age. He should be legal. I can't handle it. I can hallowed like a civilized country He said he's not worried about the legal ramifications violating the new city ordinance is punishable About the 60 days in jail 500 dollar fine a floor to law already makes it manslaughter felony to a system suicide But he insists the band is not assisting the act the personal be doing this self-deliverance totally by themselves on their own accord He said as Mo puts that three fifty seven magnet who is brain of salute and Kind of here coming up tonight on inside of a high in the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story They broke new ground in the 80s with the first song ever about a girl raised and a strict upbringing Who really wants to lose her virginity? They were night-rangers The thing is man. We were rock and rollers. We knew all about this type of girl You know repressed religious the deep inside they want it man night-rangers leave vocalist Jack Blades and it was up to us to get this concept down on final man Nobody had gone to this kind of risky territory before dude. Nobody but us had the balls That's right. We were night-ranger man and night-ranger Hey, I want that song your plan. I don't hear anything no way man I hear it. Are you like bust in my chops here? It sounds like Billy Joel. Oh You mean that song come like 10 years before yours about a repressed religious girl who really wants to have sex? Hey, you know the song it still gets played like a thousand times a day in every radio in the country Well you are only shows up on late night ads about hairband Compilation what you mother hold their fellow sue your ass. Oh, yeah, I don't care you're destroying my credibility here Hey, that's the first time I've heard night-ranger and credibility in the same sentence All right, that does it go ahead and sue me you little boy Hey, man, I was a little short. I'm rocker-law sue cash What up, but it's a big juicy shopping went like a show business tonight on inside the mind Like Reverend Joel says there will be a lawsuit 1102 at five 60 WCM 167 votes on here They're pouring in now about Arnold What's your take on Arnold Schwarzenegger the next governor of California is our poll That's our first poll the second poll is going to be on what sport or game-due hate the most based on you know, it was inspired by the CNN poll a couple of days ago, but Ars is going to be a lot more intelligent than theirs, which ain't saying much on the certainly not news the website Because their poll reveals most hated sports include dog fighting. I mean dog fighting in a sport or bull fighting Rock-on-fighting, etc. Right right 167 votes on our release a total buffoon 51 and if you voted for total buffoon you are That was my vote his ass 43 that was my vote Has to be better than great Davis 34 and of course of those 34 how many do you think knew anything about great Davis They wouldn't even know if the bump to do them in a goddamn wasteland mall They wouldn't have any idea who he was much less anything about him. He's great 22 Asked that I'm east to Arnold or his great just like sliced alone. He's great Right is there any doubt absolutely not and Asked all of East Arnold 17 of 167 votes. So let's see nevitory is 56.2 and 66.0 So now it's two thirds think that he's an asshole and one third He's great. He's wonderful because he's a movie star and he's so much all and he's a big Manly man as opposed to girly man of a back in those days when he did that we we interview He was doing lots of we we as what we understand He was doing broads. He was doing guys anything that moved those you know all those muscle builders He's really models all of that stuff. They're all a bunch of a perverts if he asks me Of course, that's our kind of people perverts. Let's have nothing but perverts in politics Oh, we already got that Wait till you're this story because I see that the phones are anywhere near what they should be on a Sam made a bad mistake. I said them I had the throat member of all we quoted this You shouldn't if they feel like you need a little assistance from them Like they might have something to say and so you don't have to talk so much you can be danger at that point They all hang up the phone. Oh, yeah, well, I let them struggle let them like get a raw throw and then you'll have George arrested the week Which they probably want that? No, why don't you bitch about Belle South and you're DSO line and about Gary Sarner being a real asshole Which you already know that? That'd be a good pull to take who's the bigger asshole Gary Sarner or Norma Kent? Here's the call from Miami windows this But I already okay how about in about an hour sounds good to me my voice. I'll be out every tear But don't talk like that. I know that's good. That's why I'm working on it. I did it intentionally Here's our last call. It's in sunrise. Hello Great David is a fraud Okay, there's a good call great day. This is a moron So I would vote for Arnold based on that if I was in California when you based on a girl This is a moron. There's an expert or Gary Coleman There's a or maybe little Gary Coleman or maybe the problem with a big boobs what tells your name Mary Mary Mary Carrie how could you marry Mary Carrie? I right Harry In fact I saw her this morning on playboy channel and She was a little bit hairy. Hey, dude I said Mary Carrie here. We don't get all that other shape God talk about sensitive from the grave and what a shame the cubs win the division is here in Harry is six feet under all our chip. There's a pretty good job You like chip carry Like chip beef Scott has no idea who chip carry is typing over there in there. He's typing what oh, he's no I didn't name on there like a couple of calls here and there Well, I get to what I feel like what you have a phone call Wow, what kind of a shot is that you asshole? No, this throws him a little bit raw like a raw piece of liver Like important noise complaint remember he was like a screw in a shoe box with liver in it. No, that's a Jewish thing I see I guarantee there was no bacon on that liver Here's a call from Sky Lake, Tilo What sky like shit? There's no such places sky like is there? I don't know Oh, I see well you would know here and here's our real last call North Miami be chill You have a what I have some Absolute just play a bunch of caught to the ship Oh, it's winning. Yeah, it's what oh We had blind Mike Woody we had the Chambag I'd a retired guy and then we had a nice leader from the light bulb Right, and then the guy had the light bulb But who we swam and if we had one real college up to Lady the nice lady who started who was it now? No, oh, that was it and that's all we got on the phone See unless you we have a how many tens of I told you this unless we're building a pool We need to one of our polls recourse any building today by the way. Maybe body building But unless it's building a poll they had nothing to say body building Body building a pool No 5 670 560 we do a little screamless here today. Let's got the have a little time off because he puts all the chronic sound Oh, I watched soap operas 567 only for your one o'clock the Yankees and twins Now who was it that got traded From the Yankees to the twins Eric Milton no yeah, no That was a while ago there You talking recently Shut up I got a right here in my national post okay, you know what you're talking about you so you're so useless man Which is good? That's what makes you fun is that you're an idiot? No Shannon Stewart Traded from the blue jays to the even a so twin so it was a little bit of a slip of the tongue Shannon's store. He's playing for the twins against the Yankees and a playoff. How do you like that good ball player? He ain't no Carlos Delgado Blue jays finished 10 games over 500. I should point out anybody cared oh and they also drew 1.8 million fans with a very Affirally mediocre season. He had a little bit of a short run there for while in the collapsed Still draw almost 2 million people in the sky dome Marla's drew 2 million no more like a minion a little over a million And it wouldn't have been quite as good a set for the front running phony's dirty in oh Look at that sea squealously want which means we're gonna get a lot of assholes today I like that. I'm in a mood for that because when I have like a sore throat it cheers me up a little bit Then the work for you. Yeah sure, and maybe you're a sardable colon and do a voice Maybe normal can't we'll call in and like make some kind of a lemon soos for being a real asshole and a turncoat You're a turncoat norma. Don't ever call here again because as soon as I hear your voice, you know what you're gonna hear normal That's it. That's exactly what he's gonna hear. So is I hear his voice. I don't care what it is See I'm thinking like David Cance who's like a real a broadcast agent out in New York Yeah, he that he never indicated on 150 stations at the end of one month. I guarantee that I'll bet Scott's life on it I'll take that as opposed to normal can't do stupidity trying to play broadcaster and put an assholes on a year a former former ex uh celebrities for about five minutes wannabes to rip me in ass In the debug we about his stupid ass bobble hit doll norma you're such a freaking loser man It's just unbelievable loser loser LOS LO ZER loser What should you do at the be a loser or a loser those ask the passing crowd WQA I'm screenless WQA hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to talk uh the home home. Okay, the home most speaking Hey, what's up? How you doing? How you doing? What is it? Are you a top or a bottom? Medium five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line WQA. I'm hello Can't hear you man can't hear your mumbling we don't we already got one mumbling every little Jorge. We don't need two mumbers It's a broadcast rule little on broadcast regulation 43 C one mumbling permitted push-o Max That's true did you know that I know I did well. We came I wasn't He's he threatens your job because if we have him on we can't have you there WQA and hello Wow that was normed doing a voice well, that's to be tar guy that That was guys like six of the other guys We have one color basically and that's it who does all the voices Pretty up for him. I bet you Paul Wichels jealous and Edgar Bergen too. You're my number why why all that Paul Wichels isn't dead Was he we've been to the condo town. Oh, he he is dead. I kept saying he was dead and then finally He gave up. Yeah He wouldn't tell get tired arguing with you. He's you in the hand puppet WQAM Yes, sir. How are you great? Yesterday you were asking how many tickets were sold for the morning. I just got it up before you on that I got my ticket today. They sold over what you say and I didn't say anything at all about how many tickets were sold by the market I apologize well just to have people know they stole over 40,000 for a game three Expecting 50,000 for game three and they stole 35,000 plus for games what what do you mean 50,000? Were they good as they're gonna open up all the same or see all right? Yeah, yes, so great show and Thanks for my call. Okay. Thanks for making your call. So there's a guy who you make up made up some numbers No, maybe he's right. I don't know. Oh look at this. I got I got quite a mincees all over the place You know how like you'll suck on one you put it off to the side right? I do that so I got One in my mouth and one waiting on the side Be the with cigars to I have one in my 5 670 560 that I guess that's just kind of a dream huh? Really never happened for you. Oh As a matter of fact I didn't think so 12 minutes past 11 if I passed 11. I thought it was like 12 past one isn't it? I wear how many my clock is wrong Come on, I'm gonna go I'm gonna rock you mountain horror time something like the dead air show until Just dummy up okay till I can't talk no mode just dummy Charles off the areas the guy you want to see if you got a big ugly balls bottom believe me they are ugly Trust me when I tell you see in my case at least it's consistent with the rest of me so it's bothering me I'd like to at least be consistent if not looking good But you guys can look better any younger if I even Tom Brady's got a balls fight. You know, is that Scott? Yep Tom Brady's developing a ball spot that was close to show you that over a period of time things even out In fact, it wouldn't surprise me another two three years. He looks ugly as crap Anyway, if you want to look great Charles out here has got the best the most amazing natural heli insist amount of market Which is why even minitors and binners go and see Charlie to get their hair back because for no price in a world Can you get a better look and peace if you don't believe me just take a look at mode That's a lot of look like that be my guest go catch a weasel if you want to look great call chalk out here Wean you have nothing lose but your shiny ball spot because everybody it's Charlie's 30 day guarantee after 30 days If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting more action and who have to do 20 years ago call Abdenday he'll take it right back get your money back and don't forget if you mention your rages when you call to get next to two It all of this count on the natural hairline system Charlie also servicent and repairs all types of air systems while you wait for me 25 to 30 bucks Not good to be trying to do this spot when you go one of these a vitamin C things you're about to know That's alright The number is toll free 1 800 321 24 13 no obligation to sit you down give your feet consultation and Charlie will show you how much better and younger He can make you look 1 800 321 24 13 or Vogue another website a Charles out theory or as a choices Charles out for Rery dot com My We're sports video 560 she went you a m She's more annoying than Kathy Lee get heard why someone hired her is down right up Sir, she has to be the focus constantly She's like a kiss ring and hey look at me Her voice goes through me like racers sharp needles She thinks she's bigger than the freaking beetles Pressing her around like some wack on a track We should send Ali went where to I rank She's lost her mind just like that nutcase faira like a cartoon from handa and Barbarat I feel so bad for her for those jackboard when she talks is like nails on a blackboard Ellie went for this is TV not some high school play So turn down the goofy it's not my love to see your show It's 11 17 I love the way that and see in fact you know something what No, I want to play the end of that just one more Oh Yeah, like that don't you yeah as the poster the ones that just didn't like really look drop without the music like Like the mole ones, you know absolutely Oh, okay, they're usually end with a thought while in like courts court then or 232 votes on Arnold What's your take on the next governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger? He's a total buffoon 72 terminate his ass 58 has to be of it Then gay a great Davis 47 he's great 29 asked the obvious to Arnold 25 out of 232 votes I think about 11 30 11 30 man will change the pull and put on the I mean one because he just a little prelim a little for play like these calls These are the make believe cause these are all the chronics before we get to the real calls anybody believe it What not you know it's true you know the good cause I'm in any minute You'll see you watch I'll hold my breath. WQ. I am Yeah, I don't know if this is been mentioned before not but is anybody said anything about all the poster board and all the signs after the marlins clenched about everybody's spell and Sam from Cisco wrong Do they really? Incredible how do they spot it well they were spelling it S I S CEO and I'm not talking about one group of people I'm talking well which group with that be mean like an ethnic thing is that were you suggesting well not You're not saying about any illiterate ethnic you just illiterate people in general just in general right I'm telling you that there are at least four five or six Totally different groups of totally different assholes Well, are you literate? Oh well, that's so news to me man. That's obvious look at look at the way Arnold is doing California They're supposed to be so sophisticated out there This is on Fox Sports Network. I mean if you subscribe to the baseball package or whatever and if on the SPM You know damn well if the whole country saw these groups of assholes, but I do subscribe to least TV If you're good enough to finish first overall the national high-key lady. I do subscribe to a least TV Well, I'm closing note. I would like to call Tom Jika a fat pumpkin head prick Excellent nice dog. How good calls. Yeah, it's all good calls right. What's wrong with you? You may have no uh no phat. No No fiduci Gucci Gucci why not get some fiduci what try another one Listen don't direct the show. Okay the last thing we need is another director. We already got clearance We got stuff we got great standing in a background. You know what do we do in the thing with the like the puppeteer thing from the godfather? Last thing we need is somebody else tell me what to do now. What did you say? No, I didn't mean. WQA. Let's try another one. Hello How do we answer love you? What do you say who loves me? God or yeah. Oh, God or real loves me. Okay. Maybe it was what's your name and colder Gonna read a pus-an That pastrami bitch. Oh, here's the three oh no Mrs. Oh my Bob delcio brand enters dry You're about a great brand handers. What's wrong with him? He's a hell of a driver. You know what? Ice cream firm agrees fat payout Are you ice ice cream from his settle the lawsuit brought by weight watching customers by giving them extra ice cream now? This is a story we had a few months ago. I'm about the stupid pigs out there that thought the big daddy ice cream was gonna like Remember that First of all, they ever saw a big daddy nap. I want to tell my story about the famous restaurant again for the five hundred time You know what I mean, but About how they were telling me about how they were diabetic and she was gonna have a leg amputated mr. Mrs. Big daddy right and Mrs. Daddy Which I'm sure the both got to be dead by now Daddy and they were telling me this is she they were both pouring the Hershey syrup from the can into their What do they call it into their in your egg creams? That's what it was. Oh, I've never had an egg cream It's not great. Huh? That's all the ways oh you you haven't had egg cream. I've never had egg cream Eggy about it. It's just a name thing. It's great. It's just it's also water with the chocolate syrup in it right and Who knows how good about that it's good? I'd rather eat the chocolate syrup with a spoon out of the can I think there's a little fluffy on it like egg naga custard somethings in there You know something I just got a great idea instead of eating all of this ice cream Which we're finding out some of it is love. We thought we thought we'd talk it to the store eventually Why not just take the the hot fudge and the fluff and put it like a merchinoch here like a big you know How they used to make I don't know if they still do but hot fudge some of these in those tall Sure last you know, you know, I mean fountain so so to go right exactly Just fill it up with like hot fudge and whipped cream and then put it cut a couple of few merchinocharies and the juice from the cherry Can in what the cherry jar, okay, and just die just fall right over. You die Yeah, who can play that game was there fall down a die game Yeah, back at you Anyway, let's get back to this very important story because it's a Florida thing Well, we know if it's screwed up. It's got to be a Florida thing on Florida based decama had been hit by a class action court case after complaints that its famous big daddy brand was not as low fat as Advertising of claim Although marketed toward the health conscious consumer big daddy has three times as many calories and some of the labeling claimed the plaintiff's argued But in a one million dollar settlement of the two-year-old case the firm has offered angry customers two scoops of ice cream for everyone They purchased That's brilliant anyone who bought big daddy ice cream between 1995 and 2001 Can take part in the handout even if they didn't have the foresight to save their receipts for the past eight years Well, that's got to be a bad mistake big daddy Free ice cream. There'll be lined up for their topal kipsy New York India okay W'd up lined up from there to your rainous know how do they avoid people coming back for you know doubles and triples? Do they fail here and tattoo or they just watch it eat till you die in fact they're loading it up with extra fat The cases a minor one With a heavyweight context of US corporate lawsuits, but it illustrates the growing power of the consumer This is from the BBC news by the way. So little big US firms are especially vulnerable to class action legal cases which bundled together hundreds of thousands of claims into complaints I can sometimes be worth many billions of dollars And let's see and if we wound that's that's the end of the story about the ice cream people let me say it again Anyone who bought big daddy ice cream between 1995 and 2001 can take part in the handout Even if they didn't have the foresight to save the receipts for the past eight years two scoops for everyone you bought well I guess if he didn't buy any You get Right right right time's nothing is still nothing right right See get no scoops I guess Now doesn't say where this is gonna take place. I never heard of this ice cream did you know Let's tell you start a talk because I'm only a original story came down. Oh, yeah, we bought that But yeah, I never heard of it. Yeah, I never heard of it. Yeah, I heard of big daddy nap and I heard about numbers a hot dog place on Lincoln Road Maldors ago and then that famous restaurant in Dinyan that pink palace How many days did that last? I turned man. What a disaster that was I remember I went into order to kishki on the first day well it's a frozen and it's gonna take 17 hours to thought I'll be don't have that tonight. Yeah, but here if you're like a New York Eglream with about a gallon of Hershey sir a bonnet we can chop your leg up we can get a three for one deal We can all get amputated at the same time you said they had like a big buzz saw on the back I'm done yeah I'm WQA and hello WQA and Becco Neo please speaking Hi Neo this is Kathy how are you okay, Kathy good number one I'd like to say they need to double your pay for these people that call I don't just put up with them. Oh It's thank you hit you put your thumb right on a payday makes it very worthwhile Right, it's it's no wonder that sorts of nagroo get in right but I want to comment I tried to get through yesterday you were talking about General Wesley Clark Anyone see him on me depressed and I've been following him for months and last night they have the thing on television about Investor Wilson and his wife On several stations and then they follow that with Wesley Clark and they said he's running like three points behind Bush But quote they said very few people know much about him Right You know it's very easy just to go on the internet and find out that he was number one at West Point You know the master's degree in philosophy politics and economics I mean Number one a rose scholar I mean You know this is the person we need to leave this country and people need to do research and I Howard D. myself See Kathy I mean Wesley Clark could be okay if he could win the election, but I still like Howard D in a lot Well, I like him too He wasn't one of these people who changed his tool and been all of a sudden became a Democrat one day when it became fashionable when he When he clinton's another people decided that he was the their man that they could manipulate and control and the establishment decided to Prop him up there and put him into run. He That's not Howard Dean Howard Dean's always been a Democrat Howard Dean had the balls to be against the winner right from the beginning And that's why I like Howard Dean he's not a waffler Well, and I like General Clark even waffle three times over the first weekend after he announced his candidacy He's like a back and forth and forth and back. I'm against that I would have been against it I would have been for it, but you know, I don't know Yeah, and and I agree a 100% with that I was for Howard Dean I would at Liri about Wesley Clark Well, the only thing that I feel that he's the only one I mean all these other Democrats to me They were whims I said oh my god. We're not gonna have a chance and I was following Howard Dean's a whim He's been one of the few that's had the balls to tell it like it is all long and I agree with that one I was appointed John Kerry who keeps telling the stays of War veteran which he is but on the other hand It was also waffle all over the place He looks in fact his face looks like it's been run over with the waffle iron. Yeah, I agree He's scary John Kerry. Okay, listen. I got to run have a great day, Kathy. Let's just remember anybody but Bush She's gone 27 past 11 is five 60 WKM if you got a bush league job and at bush league town here's the answer for I get a new high pan career And you can do it before the years end Monished on a halala higher zah Call fast train today at one eight six six. You can say it anyway one because I'll ago I'm living on South talk him. I do call fast train at one eight six six fast train It can have you trained and certified before the end of the year the demand for computer professionals is phenomenal There's no end-in site. So there's no better time than right now to get you a no high pan career And the computer field instead of just sitting around out in the field get you a high pan job get a big fat paycheck Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient to eating weekend schedules and with six lower locations Including four right there in South Florida. There's about to be a fast train close by you So call fast train today toll free One eight six six fast train. I was used to say the crappy dead end job working for some puts for some Ungrateful bastard no mole call one eight six six fast train or check them out of the web at fast train Come when you do call be sure mentioned Todd. Let's name it will really put John and the inside track On the inside trek mentioned Todd wreck one eight six six fast train Next done queer lives with that Palestinian guy we make over yes, they're air fast He's trying to take over the PLO again from that Muhammad Less as name if he's to succeed he needs somehow no kidding. I mean with up attack do rag It's so five minutes ago really and that's gradually beer. I mean, who are you it's going to be our biggest challenge ever But we're ready to scrap that drab or drop and transform yes or from a ring-o-star look alive to a Will it well he's still gonna look like ring-o, but just clean her we need to do something about those glasses too Oh, we're gonna be doing just a ton of things on the next queer eye for that talistinian guy Thursday night today Love the pretty two of five sixty wcum. There's the an ex premier von terio during maginti They should be sent of the stuff that we are putting in a ground. We'll write put their put them in the ground everybody You know sadly everybody's going on the ground. It's a theme Anyway, oh and the speaking of somebody who deserves to go out of the ground Miguel I notice on our website that Eric somehow has been given the information that the appearance which isn't today The fan hit that's gonna be on Thursday with Joe Costello is not just as it noon, but it's noon to one See we don't have that information Eric somehow managed to get the information and If it came to one this Thursday, I don't think it's even worth our talking about do you noon to one that's what it says on a website take a look on the What that's not that I don't believe you it's an arm. We're Miguel and your condol will be appearing Thursday October 2 from noon to one PM at reviyama, ha-handa Yadiyadiyadiyani and a partridge in poetry and poppinobied see that What under where it says? We're nation wide baby that pink thing which are resent the pink the pink thing There well, oh, it's Miguel and Joe so maybe they're trying to send you a message like Joey Zazai So it says new to one what kind of it? I think we're getting sandbag. We're getting the host We got on a one hand we got Norma Kent who wants to a siphon is much money out of our fundraising to his own a personal Thing there which he's got involved in and then we got Miguel on the other hand who's busy Enail and the rain to the wall back there and screw in and So they've only got an hour of their precious time to go on to it and hour is not my idea of doing a vanhead Have we ever done that before? No, I don't believe so no, I mean we'd called it off because it was in the middle of the desert in the driving radar Nobody showed up, but well, let's only hope that that's a misprint or mistake by Eric Which you know Eric is under a lot of stress and pressure when you wait 400 pounds You know it's hard to like make changes in your mistake But let's hope that it's some kind of a misunderstanding or mistake because if it's only a one hour thing It ain't even worth talking about it's it's another guaranteed failure And that seems to be what we're running into this year Which is an extra hard year to raise money for charities not just ours, but everybody is Thomas that It's like really really bad because people not only don't have a lot of cash But they're really concerned about what's gonna happen on the economy and even though it's only a few bucks. They're just unervice And naturally when you're unervice about your cash the thing that goes right to the bottom is charitable donations Always always yeah always 270 two votes is the final tab always more I know now, but I'll stick with her when I printed out. That's good enough for me Because we're changing to pull out your opinion you can let go away. I mean go have a good time Because I don't think I'll have to anything off on a sport or game you dislike the most No, no, that's the worst that's where they used on I mean hate is a little strong But that's what's the answer if it's good enough for them. It's good enough for us We're gonna put us away with a ESPN two games on there like you mentioned bodybuilding earlier in the Logs on a game It's not a game. It's not a tumor. It's not a game. All right, it's a contest I would be like male modeling is it a gamer score? No, it's a fag pursuit, okay? Generally speaking as general Wesley Clark would say For she was also like a little on needle on my side there too. Well, he always said you're a road scholar and he Well, you saw him on me the press. Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. I missed that. I must have been dynamite 270 two votes on arm the next governor of California 85 cities a total buffoon 74 said terminate his spectrum ass Has to be better than great Davis 52 I still have east of Arnold 31 he's great 30 so let's see positive 30.1 percent in his crowd 30.1 which means negative just about very close to under virgin 70 percent Too bad that our crowd isn't voting in California, you know that right in addition Which these 52 people said has to be better than great Davis I'll tell them all about him. That's why I put it on there. See and then that that's an easy way of saying We like Arnold they're too embarrassed to say we like Arnold. That has to be better than that coup Paulson. They're now that retard With a bad personality needs a transplant So there you go. That's the Arnold poll not the new poll the an important one very important science everyone what sport are game you hate the most Now my list here. I put pro wrestling on here because it's um it's uh considered a sport even though you got upset I who got to put that on there pro wrestling boxing golf horse racing now I'm not gonna separate through bread and harness racing because it's it's just two narrow for just crowd And what's the point baseball basketball football hockey tennis NASCAR soccer tie-line don't racing or bowling. I know if you can name me something else. I mean I'm not talking about like bad Midnight or shuffle board table table table tennis curling you mean table thing me like ping pong pong right Why do they call a table tennis? I may have realized it's like major tennis court on a table you go only only idiot Do that don't call a table tennis field it's ping pong Do the Chinese call it that how come the Chinese are so good the Qingchang Is that what they call it no Chongchang No, why do they why are they so proficient at that it seems like the Asians they must have a lot of time Stopped it with little balls Ah, it's right in while leave me trust me when I tell you I'll be sometimes sometimes so Real surprised in any rate That's like when you open up a package of Christmas you look like a small package go when you open it up like Big pops up well while were those things they used to um the stakes Yeah, like you know when I'm talking about the spring snakes they come in a can of Right in your own a can and a whole thing would like pop Oh man look at that A lot of the Asian guys believe me Remember that one Asian guy was telling about a couple of weeks ago. Yeah, we're gonna help that he disappear to cheese Anyway, what sport again you hate the most and there's the list I had I think it's a pretty good list don't you and I don't know what I'm gonna vote for me either Uh See like for me I'll take it right out's narrow down to boxing or golf Which golf isn't I need to one of them is really a sport Uh, I'll look at golf Popsie of them and board a director huh just for the board of factor golf Yeah, but boxing is just with two as violence for the purpose of seeing who can bash the crap out of each other It's just it's uh barbaric and stupid is what it exactly that's why which is involved with a bunch of scumbags and don't Can you right people will really bad people you don't wear a father they get all bash stuff that that's a good point people Probably deserve to get there right there you go and we're getting paid a lot to get mashed up right like my Tyson Oh, let's take a fundraiser up for Mike instead of a band and Petruscue Let's give all the charity money to Mike cuz now he's bankrupt Don't you feel sorry he can't let him like a mother in today million dollars a fight and now he's bankrupt some some bad discretionary spending on his part I guess yeah take a bunch of fun let's have a fundraiser for that scumbag I'm gonna vote right now And I'm not gonna tell you which one I voted for I already told you it's down between two I wouldn't soccer see I don't hate soccer. I just don't like it. It's boring No, I made a decision. Okay. I mean you can't sit in the puddle. They sooner or later Duffer you have to decide Greg can't tell you every time which hand-of-eye point. Okay soon or later You have to get off the pod and like George's light one up Revitiation and provide healthcare and protect the environment all the things that I campaigned on I am in tandem upon being the best young man that I can be it's a little confusing isn't it? My husband will be going on. I know to do other people Thousands and thousands of people across New York and lots of friends around the country I certainly intend to overlook that 1143 17 golden at five sixty wc coming out in a abbreviated humanity to ensure they two the 330 All right, and then we got three 30 Marlins on deck four clock four or six to be precise National League Division of series number one oh no I didn't even realize that they numbered the series. Did you know that's God? Yes, they did but do they do then? They picked a number I guess I see it's kind of stupid anyway because there is only two series is in each league But anyway the Marlins at the Giants four or six and of course tonight we will be carrying the braves at the hosting the Cubs at eight thirty are we gonna carry the Yankees this afternoon No, we are not damn it but we might an issue is a service to our sports in your audience out there We might hear a little bit of the audio. I'll find it. Oh in between what is it? Pre-game at twelve thirty Pre-game at eleven forty five 730 day thirty between volumes we got the tentating playoff special with Len Casper and Tommy Hutton that's no relation to Dick Casper or Len Hutton and Then tomorrow we got the Marlins game number two at the 406 and also the Marinet were carrying the Cubs at a bar Very abasable intensive we got the hurricane West Virginia Mountain years game on Thursday the Humphrey's off like the rest of the week He's got a really heavy duty-skilled Wow boy we like this man dogs only an hour and a half today like I keep telling you if see people think I'm joking about that That's the way we got to work down with science less work more pay more money just keep giving us more money money money money We're bringing in all this cash And the less work fewer hours. You know, I'm thinking of myself today is although my throat seems pretty good now doesn't it right? I'll clear crystal clear. I want to thank my friends at halls meant to lift this They're nice company give you a little like a little mental. It just but they do make things like vitamin C strawberry and other flavor whatever these things are called what do they call Something to suck on and believe you may when you got to like up Roth throw it if you got something to suck on man. It is scorch court. Now. They're a great company Hollis are they really sure on by one like all their stuff They're on by Warner Lambert. How Pfizer company? Were there on by Warner Wolf and the made in England? I see let's go to the video tape 5670560 pound five sick now. Let's see uh NASCAR and soccer and golf all tied with nine. I'll tell you I've heard of for golf. I hate golf. I hate golf and a people who play it and watch it. Oh, you can't say that. I just said it. I can't stand it. Pro wrestling five baseball three horse racing tube boxing two just the early returns coming in but so far so three way tie NASCAR soccer and golf out of the first 48 votes. I told you to be tough when it to see the first order game to you hate the most NASCAR and golf. There's a chance of violence in both of those. Joe Costello's gonna be porktop about that. In fact, I just got the word here's the facts. Because of the fact that NASCAR was even put on list Joe is going on strike. He's only going to be with Miguel of the uh a parent's Thursday from noon. He'll 1215. I just got to call about that and it is a typo. No, see, I think I think what they're trying to do is they're going to do the appearances for such a brief time that when we announce it on ear by the time you get to wherever they are, they'll already be gone. Right. To guarantee that they can't raise any money for those poor little cats and doggy's for van and per rescue. Well, they're not able anyway so let them lose their hole. Minister gets 55 years in prison for wife smurder. Oh, Tyler Texas. And these Texas minister was sentenced to fit and of course in Texas their extra religious, you know. Oh yeah. And these Texas minister was sentenced to 55 years in the slamer yesterday after pleading Gildy to murder in the beating death of his wife. All right. The Reverend Mike Tab had originally said that a plea bargain that would send him to prison for 50 years, but prosecutors increased the sentence after Tad tried to commit suicide this spring on the day was to pleading Gildy. Now he should have waited till this Saturday in Tampa. Right. He said, hey, maybe it'll be a special guest. Right. Maria Tand 35 was savagely beaten to death in August 2002 in the percentage behind the Methodist Church in the tiny town of Troop where her husband was pastor. She was left lying in a bedroom and a pool of bloodstew wearing pajamas. And he packed her like she would land still. The minister's lawyer FR buck files. Whoa. That's his name. FR. Keref Buck files. Keref Buck. You don't can't go to the right F and a B as in I can't do eight. No, no, no. No. I was going to try. No, no, no. Said Tabbac said to the plea in state district court to Stary's family and his wife's family to play the pain of a trial. And we sure as children were never heard by curing the unpleasant details. The gory detail. You heard the detail. But the Michael Maria, the rather why he code or files to the AP, I agreed with the signal. Be better to avoid the issue of why. Avoid the issue of why or like Dr. Phil says, why you know what he's saying? Why? Yeah. What an idiot. He was like, I would be with the what's his name. Or the great actor who was on our acted actors full. Allicinist, Bridgen the River. Why? Oh, the minister's that stone face is Maria Tatt's sister Melanie Owen of the Woodlands gave an emotional victim's impact statement court. She told Tabbie at orphanage to young children a three year old and a 15 month old. Owen told him that she and her family are haunted by thoughts and images of what you did to Maria. Did she suffer? You mutilated her so badly. We'd have the chance to look at her beautiful face one more time. A Tariyeid Owen told Tabbie and a victim impact statement court. Tatt started chipping a sentence Monday. Will be eligible for parole at about 27 years. But third man close to it. On the evening Maria Tabb was killed just six weeks after she gave birth to a second son. A 30s we see that a Friday 9 11 call from her husband who said he had come home to find his wife, Dave. overturned picture frames and lamps in a bedroom show Maria Tatt struggled fiercely with a attacker. Octopsie results indicates he sustained blunt force trauma to her head and a broken jaw and several places the murder weapon was never found. I wouldn't be surprised if he meets with the same fate as father Gagan. Yeah. Yeah. We can only tell Pauly turn loose one of those you know really savage brutal uh back to do with like molested as a child who's like really pissed off against the world especially pastures who murder their wives and cold blood. A hard bitten skin head. Right to which we would say. Actually I'm sure I got plenty of intolerant textures. Speaking of idiots, Jacksonville, there's lots of idiots in Jacksonville. Mostly in Duval County. A two-year-old left alone for near this story. Oh, it's so you really have to restrain yourself from saying anything about culture. I just want to cry. A two-year-old left alone for nearly three weeks while her mother was behind bars survived by eating mustard catcher rice and raw pasta, Pauly said. And probably did a lot of duty in its pants too like like Sheridan when she was down in a pit there on passions. The toddler was whiteboard. Can you imagine a smell and I don't have to take her thought alone. I didn't already depressed. The toddler was watching cartoons when found by her father police city yesterday. She was suffering from malnutrition, what a surprise. And was being treated at Wilson Children's Hospital, Pauly said. The Kisha Lee, 22, was charged Monday with child abuse because she didn't let anyone know that her daughter was alone in her apartment police said. She was jailed September 10th on unrelated charges. Though they're my wish. I didn't leave who was separated from the girls mother said. He talked to her by telephone at the jail Sunday and she said their daughter was with neighbors. When he got into the apartment the umptoard dragged food and toys into the mother's bedroom and was lying in a baby's bath tub and was covered with dried ketchup. She grabbed me and would let go of me. He said it's really a miracle how good shape my daughter was in. I don't know how she'd done it. Two years old and she was smart enough to eat mustard, ketchup, rice and raw pasta. And she just been a little bit taller. She probably could have cooked up the pot and put the you know blend of the mustard ketchup and rice right in there with it and they sauce. It's not pretty good. Beats my mom's cooking. As good as well. So like I've told you before everybody can make babies baby. Everybody can make babies. No, you homophobes out there. At least one thing. All us faggets were not making no babies. Oh, like a starter. We are. Yeah, you're breathing. Pete, how are you doing that? Turkey, baster. Bracham. Oh, I saw that movie with Jerry Butler. Let's see how many not the singer either. NASCAR is taking the lead, Joe. Joe Costello is going to be surely when he sees this. They hate NASCAR. See, that's a question which game or sport you hate the most. 89 votes NASCAR's got 21 Gauss god 15. Soccer in Pro Wrestling 10. Dog racing six. Why would people hate I see the cruelty? Yeah, you're right. The way the well, not so much as the cruelty, but the way they do the dogs that can't run fast enough. Uh huh. Bullying five baseball four, high life four, boxing three, basketball three, football three, tennis two, horse racing two, and in last place, ready for that Scott ready with only one vote hockey. Incredible. Quarter lead, let it go to no one dive over to Tucker. Yeah. Only one. Some cuts because this is the hockey intensive crowd. I'm going to show. I guess what do you mean? It is not that they can talk about it and know anything about it. But at least they like it. That's a good sign. It is a good sign. There's hope there's hope in this crowd. It's by the retards that you hear on the phone. What is great calls? What? What? Oh, I was just doing one of the retards. 560 50 50 60 pound 560 on the AT&T. Have it hurt for me in a couple of days. Now you're probably inspired of just just like your friend, Reverend Jones. Oh, that would be QAN. And that one. So that's you who probably I'm holding with. Bell Southeas. Probably Gary Sarner's sick to monitor it since you're fault. Oh my God. Got him all slowly invented out of shape. WQAM. Alright, say I told you. Yeah. I already have Bell Southeas even with a little George. You know that stuff that you were saying for years and I thought you were a crazy person. I'm going to say about how people were digging with the phone lines during the show and how all the lines would hang up all the same time. Right. Your paranoid crazy person. Oh, no. I apologize. Oh, no. You could. No, seriously. You could hear it. There was like a certain sound. It wasn't like the normal sound of a phone hang up or a line behind this connected. And they'd all hang up at the same time. Coins, right. Yeah. There was somebody like I don't want to say about phone company. But there was somebody Dick and then I always told you that you did think I was crazy. As they say in Canada, sorry for dooting you. Sorry, Mr. That's what you said. Sorry. Sorry. Sparison change, Mr. Sorry. I haven't nice day anyway. You bastard. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. We're doing squamous. We still can't muster. Muster. Muster. Mucher response. But we'll catch up. WQAM. I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...I...Oh... Mo! Holy Toledo! Remember that? I don't think I had that. What is that called? Bybreting, Mo, and you see, Duke? H-I-D-D-S-I, bybreting. No, trust me. I don't have no God damn vibe. I don't have it. How could you not? No. Oh, it's under Mo. It's under H-D-S, D-S. No, I don't have it. See, I know I never had her. You better get that two-way. I-e-e-e. I do have this. Look at the buttlers in a gay hotel I have that and take off those checkered pants. He doesn't know Chris 5 6 7 oh wait, it's HD space vibrating HD space what's the type of what do you mean by that? I forgot to put a dash in there HD space but I still don't have oh damn it all right Okay, excuse us for this internal stuff I know it's not as good as somebody's in a late phone calls for getting today. I do it WQAM We can wait we get a lot of time we got about two hours to kill QAM hello Yes, sir, I thought women's weightlifting this measure and it's a prepared that's a disgusting sport to watch Women's weightlet than ever saw Don't bother how about women's boxing how about Muhammad Ali's daughter that to me is disgusting and vulgar and pathetic I'd like to see her you'd be able to make me better But these women's touch out these muscles on these How about Muhammad Ali against Jan or we know what do you say? 5 6 7 have a shake off right and Michael Zafat's could be the referee now see that's bad You're making fun of people with parking free and these was a little while all loaded everyone you just made Very insensitive but every hell works almost as insensitive as per how Don't be don't be doing like that let him get into all kinds of jackpots because even Kevin back to cities his own worst enemy and he'll like blow up Right in front of your post which we play you have to leave me doesn't happen At least not for another three I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene beside my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 the moon hour Jesus I can't feel hot. All right. Now just remove those hooks and back. Okay. With that old familiar snap. Break them. Yeah, you got to throw up and bat the T-Diff fire. I'm dying, yeah. Ooh. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. I feel a little wild, not as cold as it is. This stick can't be. I like the relaxed by having very diagonal and massage my balls while listening to the Nail Rogers 12 to 1 hour. Okay. Yeah, we're still good to miss the entire thing, give you a whole impact. My a bad. Because I was busy with this whole list of 800 different supposed games and yeah, he just backs me. So somebody, a fact is a list of about 600 here. Maybe not 600. Like a play pollo. You want to know. Uh, pullo in Italian. I'll play when it's funny. And uh, I don't know. It's like a game of chicken. Uh, I guess you have to be in your car to do it. Uh, polo with two wells. That's very easy to be in elective whoever sent this polo with two wells. Not a game or sport. It's just a crap. Fishing and hunting are like pastimes. They're not like sport or game. Right. But yours. Yeah, but yours is a game, but on so as part cheesy. Okay. Sure. Curling, not American, cricket, not American, rugby, not American, volleyball, two marginal and lacrosse, not American. Although they do it colleges, I guess have lacrosse teams on you. Yeah, it's all those colleges. Yeah, it's all those student colleges like the, uh, like the, uh, like the, uh, The on the schools that I've been in schools that I mean, probably you should about two. I watch. There we go. A foul facts would like eight different names on earth, 20 or 30, and none of them are good enough for the list. I don't think we need any help for our list. I could be wrong about that. NASCAR is pulled away, Joe Costello. They hate it. No wonder overnight show is going to the dogs. Quit talking about such crap. Talk about important things like boobs. Big, big boobs. Now what they talk about on that show? And smaller. Because I'm not ready. Oh, yeah, okay. I know exactly what she was going to say there too. NASCAR 28, what sport again, you hate the most. Pro wrestling 20 for all ladies and little kids. Golf 18. Golf is for people who have reached the no living. There are no questions about it. Including there's some young people who already seen all ahead of their time. Soccer if they're in golf for people who have reached the no living. Soccer 13, dog racing 8, bowling 8, boxing 7, baseball 6, basketball 4, Highly 4, football 3, hockey 3, tennis 3 and horse racing only 2. So they know hate horse racing. They just don't go to it. See? Right. Well, that's because once a great while like, you know, when a great horse comes along once every 30 years, every. But 30 minutes. Secretary of State, Seattle. So see we got lucky back in the 70s. We had Secretary of State and Seattle. Slow and affirmed in all it are almost same decade. When we lucky, Esca. Sure. And of course in hardest race and we had like nine draws before that bread hand over in speedy Scott and Cam fella and all of these things, right? Yeah, went to Melan's by my house all the time to watch a race. And you never went there. Should you better come on, have a tell him? Anything that John Campbell would drive. Oh, you know, John Campbell's a great guy. I met him once. Can I name drop a little bit there? Oh, I've never met him. Yeah, I did meet him once at the Pomp and a park. He's a good guy. Very unassuming. And you want to know why? Cause he's from Campbell, Phil Ontario. He's Canadian. Did you know that? I bet you didn't think that I knew where John Campbell was from. He's a good Ontario boy. He's not really a failure on. I'll tell you that. Let me just sum it up for you. One quick phrase. Okay. All you got to know is Jackie Mo. Got it? I know what happened. He had an nasty divorce Jackie Mo and he couldn't drive his finger up. His nose. Now all of a sudden he came up here and he's a drive in a mowhawk and winning everything inside. Oh, that's what Jackie Lee said. No, no, no. George, maybe you are aware of this, but Jackie Lee and Mo how we're David it out the same person? No, I did not know that. I wouldn't have been able to win or seen them together. Oh, they're not Jackie Lee in person. You don't want to. Believe me. Her that call though that you play. Ha ha ha ha. When Jackie Mo was driving your horse in a race, that was pretty good trick Jackie. He must have been driving a Roman chariot that this call. Yeah. Don't be knocking Jackie Lee. O'Keele starts in the hostile letters. If he's still alive, you think he's still alive? You're a camit. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WHAM fires Bob Lanzberry. I'll get to that. Let's take some of these important calls. Remember WHAM and Rochester? No. No. I could throw up brick for where I'm sitting right now. Right over to the WHAM studios right across Lake Ontario. Do you believe me? No. WHAM. I can now stop. OK. OK. Don't let me forget Scott one o'clock. Yankee's in the twins. 12.30 pregame. WHAM? Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm going to go to the WHAM. What is that? It's swimming and or diving. Yeah. How terminal is it to watch somebody swim? Do you either swim yourself or you are... Whatever you want to do, don't jump. If you want to swim, go jump at a lake. Don't let me go. I can tell you. I can swim over to Rochester. Don't you understand that swimming and diving is not like a sport. It says... That's a deep club you wore on. Yeah. I just had a great mood, Danish. And have a great day. Keep picking on my good buddy, good blue scene. Maybe. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. In fact, I haven't played that bend over as your rainous and long time. Have I probably wanted to hear you play that sublittal seed in my mind? WQAM. Hello. Stickers. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Oh, yeah. OK. I think I got one for the list. I got regular football. What about a rena football? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, it has to have a certain stance here up to a certain level. I mean, a rena football. How many people even watch that? About third man. Nobody watches that. You know, it's like talking about... I can't even think of anything on a par with that. Can you? No, you're right. It's such a... I mean, you're like... Professional roller is not you. Infinite tesimo. What is it? Professional roller hockey? Right. Same thing. How about skateboarding? OK. I'm sure Scott remembers when he has PN and the douche. First one on the year. And they had all this time to feel 24 hours a day. I mean, they still put some pretty marginal stuff on there. But back in those days, they would put like kids skateboarding and... I don't know. I'll see. The silly most silly as crap. And you think, is this a sport? No, but it kills them good time. And it's real cheap. And now they have the X games. Yeah. And that's why I'm an X viewer. WQAM Hello. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That was mo. Absolutely. Practicing for Saturday. Don't forget, well, Howard David at 8pm Saturday night. In St. Petersburg will commit suicide. Right on stage, in violation of the new St. Petersburg city statute. And after he gets done, they're going to arrest his serial last. WQAM Hello. See, your friends again, you're right. Samutage. WQAM Hello. It's created to educate home buyers. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. It's Gary Sarner. See, it's not good thinking, Gary, because the fewer calls that we actually get. The more it screws up our opportunity to talk to people out there about other things. And a great of the chance that George is going to go off on a two-hour rant about the bell south. And about his crappy DSL service. And he just DSL. There's a long list of things I'm paying for. Not good. Like I said in his crappy service that he's really pissed off and fired up about. So if you keep digging with us and putting us on hold there with your bell south operator with your friendly A voice that you hear all over the world. Who is that bitch? I still want to know. I don't know. Hate that. Her, I'm serious. Her voice. You can dial a lot. And like, like, even here, even in Canada Bay, you dial up something like that for one one. And there's the same guy named bitch. What advice would that annoying voice? It's probably not like even a real person. Probably a computer-jaded voice. Did you think? Right. Something like that. Because there's such a thing? Sure, there is. Well, I bet you that's it. WDQAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. You were right before the Yankees did make a trade two Minnesota. They traded Chessie Arrosco. Oh, how's saying? What do you just turn 50, didn't he? No, that's the R.A. Okay. The great joke artist. Yes, you're a Rascal all the mess fans remember him. Great sadness. What? The Yankees let him go. Oh, were you? When you stopped being a nitpicker, one thing you don't have to learn about, I'm not sure we HATE nitpickers, okay? So, but he did, he did one of signing women a soda, right? Right? If you say so? See, you're uneven, no. You don't even know and you're correct in this guy. See, this is what kills me about you. I think for real, he's the slapish mid-automan. And believe me, you have to take a long time to get it all out. Trust me. Slip your ass into shape. God. I have never heard. How long has he been doing to show a jury about who months now a month? Month? I have never heard so much misinformation in just one month in my life, except maybe on the Lightbulb. By the way, hey, Al Knight, would you put a toe on a ground? Please people are starting to talk Miss Ballarina. Put a toe on a ground. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. We're guarding you. Yeah, you're chronic. I don't want to talk to you too, chronic. You'll see, even if it's not a crank, I don't want chronic. And we had blind Mike, that that like set me back about 10 years. In fact, to be tarry guy, I got bad news for I'm going to have to work like an extra five years now, because I've been set back by time table and my turn table and my financial capability have been set back about five years, but I call from blind Mike. My my my my. Yeah, my my. I have 14. Well, you get a life you little puts. You quizling. You simple than you. You like your hit. He kept his a clutch. It is like a weapon. What? He doesn't like that name. Good. Blind Mike. W to Q. I am hello. We don't like him. So now we're even W to Q. I am hello. Hey, you know, I'm just calling to defend boxing. I'm a critical thinker night and enjoy the sport. Completely what do you mean you're a critical thinker. What is that? Well, George said that boxing is just for stupid people and all that. So he's right. I think you know how to. I think that's all. If you hear me on my show about yourself, the watch too. Guys try to beat the crap out of each other. Yeah, I have two college degrees, but it's what sports is all about. It's speed. It can do her into tar. Uh-huh. It's strength. Right. It's not just for dummy. I'll say that asshole. Yeah, the idea is to inflict as much punishment on the other person. That's what sports is all about. Well, in general sense it is. I mean, then you ought to, you ought to like this president because we're doing a Hello, good job on that. We're inflicting as much pain and suffering in the punny foot and death and Carnage and bloodshed as we possibly can. So more power to you. See anybody tries to rationalize boxing. You're wasting your time with me. You're whistling. You're farting into a windstorm with me because it's just it's pointless. It's strictly a macho thing. It is to America what bullfighting is to spin. It's like the old gladiator games and say and what that was to the role. It's exactly the same thing. It's an SNM thing. Hmm? It's a sadistic thing where you sit back and get a vicarious thrill from watching one guy beat the crap out of the other one. And it has nothing to do with speed or, you know, being fast on his speed. That's all. That's all window dressing. Okay. That's all a polycrap. Unless there's some good blood and guts right. You're the better. It's like the same people are going to hockey games to watch fights. And believe me, I mean, I don't the fighting to me is just the wasted time because 95% of fights in hockey are just holding and tugging and grabbing. And maybe there's one or two punches in there like I saw on the leaf of my fielganized. And the rest of it is just it's a wasted time. It's slow hours. It's slow down again. It's stupid. And uh, but again, there's that don't sure. Kind of mentality. We're, oh, hey, if you take that out of the game, it's not as macho. People that are really wimpy, but they want you to think they're real men, you know. You follow what I'm saying? I got, people are closet curling watchers on the side. Like Bob Kohl has shy. Bob and it is a shot. People who are in their spare time watch a lot of curling like Bob Kohl. I'm sure I'm not that hot for it. I'm like, you know, but I'm going to feed the whole boat. And you can go back several times. I'm going to put a shot. I was going to look at it just right at the next. Well, the act of a want to need to keep it in. Let's the bad boy. I High-scall boys Meaningless exhibition game if they need to boot up a little bit last night kids play pretty well Leafs beat Canadian sweeter one blue the shot are for ready to be glad right in the last couple of minutes what a shame Aren't you disappointed by that George huh? 12 13 at five 60 W Qm don't forget the Minnesota Yankee Pre game show starts in about 10 seconds I got to find out where they're carrying that I would imagine on TSN on the sport network which is owned by ESPN when you think so It's on ESPN down here Well, so it'll be on I don't know how to do it though. He's good. He's got a hurt. Yeah, but you know what? None of that was that one. He's hate to do that. That's what they brought him in. That's a good problem Oh, this is an awful show. It's one of these talk talk fest these are sports talk nerd guys Some Canadian Jew guy. Hey, it's that time of the year again when a mattress your arms and furniture stores run Those phony ad sales now volumetric wants to ask you a very simple question if somebody doubles the price Then says we're gonna give you half up is that really a deal? No, is it a sale? No, of course not bogus the fact is the reason they do that is because that's only where they can even come close But still not match the everyday low prices from dialometrist or even 65 days a year for discount prices on dozens of top names See me surd a temper pedic Simmons King coil stirms and forster call 1 800 mattress That's foster he with by the way Scott 1 800 mattress no nonsense They'll baton swish no house brands no phony promises and best of all You don't have to pay a premium for the very best service available anywhere you'll get service Luckily dream about from the delivery team right number one a customer satisfaction Guess what they're talking about on a show by the way right now They just showed a hockey fight to talk about fighting a hockey in my a psychic old vaster to what what? We know dirty old vaster. I'm psychic old bastard. That's my new name 30. We call you Exactly when you call dialometrist call 1 800 mattress pick the day in time for delivery I never heard of a deal like this from anybody else, but these folks do it like as a routine You pick the day like same Monday between 1 and 3 in the afternoon 2 and 4 2 35 to 4 35 It into our window that's convenient for you when you're gonna be home seven days a week eight in the morning until 10 p.m And I guarantee you'll be sleeping like a baby the first night I've been sleeping on a mattress and dialometrist for years and I'm still alive You ought to be doing the same thing with low prices same day delivery freeset up and removal. It's easy to see Like dialometrist is right number one in the world in customer satisfaction So it gets conded by those mattress showrooms or furniture store ads It can't even come close to matching what you get every single day From the great folks at dialometrist call him today toll free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES or online its Macros dot com Oh Their ages are golden, but they're still rocking and rolling the rolling stones So-and-stores social security recorded live in concerts On We I've got an online, the Rolling Stones, such as security, 3D veterans with every CD. Don't stop me! My heart is broken as another better idea. From that key that's 560WQ, am I have a vision to Marlon's? I've got a win for... OK, I had a vision to Marlon's or win a series, the in four. Official Marlon's Vox Party, the Sapnoona, again, is the Marl 330PM. Shulas take two in 960WQs, where it's happening. The Marlon's going to be there. Marlon Mermaid's interactive pitching game. What I don't understand is since we have the hookup at the Shulas, and maybe it's a scheduling error since it's very common in our radio station where we only have 50 chiefs and awendians. What seemed to me, wouldn't it be a perfect day for Mad Dog to be doing his show out at Shulas? What's the same? Right, Hank did the show there yesterday. Mad Dog does many shows out there, but what do you do? I noticed today in tomorrow, it's just on my schedule, it says, you manage, which doesn't indicate to me he's going to be doing the show no place else. And especially with a bit Marlon, Giants tie off game coming up today, and a festivity start and right after we show it, 330, doesn't make a lot of sense. Uh-huh, uh-huh. I see. Maybe that's why we're not doing it. Or maybe we are, but they didn't just tell me yet. See what I'm saying? That isn't that logical to you? It's logical, but then, then again, it's QAM. Are we logical? No, let's play the logical song. We want to? You got it? I do have it. Want to hear it? Yeah. Well, the person. Excellent. So the technician comes out to my house yesterday. So... It's a damn good thing I got back where I'm hearing you're a sorry. You owe me a big time. You little slimy asshole. You slime ball. You little quizling with your damn halivar, your pace and your chances. God. What have you traced to the subhumans? Boy, why love this song? I love this song. See the love of so wonderful. Oh, man. Oh, it was beautiful, man. This is perfect. Why is there only a few questions? What's that? What's that? What's that? That was either on button. I gave it. Gregory at West Pine West Volkuses when discussing Ealia Cazanius today. I didn't hear you mention that in spite of his artistic accomplishments, he may be more infamous for his role in establishing the Hollywood Blacklist during nearly 50s because he cooperated with the House of Un-American activities during its crazy McCarthy Andy Communist which, hunt by informing on eight fellow writers, an era of political repression on that's in our history to send it on America. Huh, why did you know I did read that in the bio? Cause what did I know about that? Until the 60s, finally liberated us many writers, and aren't as both in moving TV lost their careers, and even some took their own lives in despair before going to Saint Peter Saturday. For this, Gazan was never forgiven by many of his colleagues, and rightfully so by the way Gregory, piece of crap turned post-Skumbag. When remembering this man, remember that in 1991 when he received an Oscar for lifetime achievement, half the actors and industry members in the audience refused to stand or plot a... And now I remember, now it's all coming back to me, Ealia Gazan. Just like Billy Abattman used to say, Batman. Faiton. Remember, Greg Paiton used to drive a Jackson harness raceway? Oh, no. He could drive his way to a paper sack. Oh, hi, boy. Anyway, you're right, Ealia Gazan was a scumbag in a sentence called, maybe that's why we've led these dead. We did live in 1994, that's the bad news. How soon, again? A Pinson Alabama man, which charged with attempted murder for holding a gun to Wisconsin, said pulling a trigger in the midst of a tantrum, after All Boy. Here, everything, listen, I'm so glad that you facts me this story. Everything that you need to know about this story about the sport holes, and especially the deep south. I don't want to say redneck south because that would be like a generalization, you would be very accurate. A Pinson Alabama man, which charged with attempted murder for holding a gun to his son's head, and pulling the trigger in the midst of a tantrum after All Boy's double overtime loss to Arkansas and Saturday. The bullet narrowly missed 20-year-old Seth Logan, who said he picked the wrong time to ask his dad for a car, here a spokesman deputy Randy Christian said yesterday. Joseph Allen Logan 46 and obvious, but not, surrounded to police Saturday, which charged with attempted murder and domestic violence, who's released from the Jefferson County, Giuseppe Sunday on 75-dollar bond. I know we take football series in the south, Christian told the Birmingham news for a two-day story, but that's crossing the line. The request of Joseph Logan because his son has already wrecked several vehicles. Oh no, wait a minute, maybe we're pre-judging here, you know? Maybe he had it coming. He claimed he was just trying to scare his son Christian so that's it. But you work, and probably everybody else around too. According to the police report, Joseph Logan had been drinking alcohol, and how unusual I've been supporting. And began slamming doors, tossing boxes, and throwing dishes in the sink. Oh, see, they at least he weighed the leg at home. After the Crimson tide lost his football game to Arkansas, 35-to-doin, double overtime on Saturday. Well, Joseph Logan was throwing the tantrum, Seth Logan asked for a new car. Not good timing, son. Joseph Logan then retrieved a 9-millimeter pistol from his car, grabbed a son by the collar and pressed the gun to his son's forehead, and then pulled the gun. But luckily, for Seth, he missed. How can you press the gun to avoid mis? Maybe he said, well, it's part of the gun. Maybe he can flinch the little bit, you know? Maybe press the butt up against IC. He stuck the gun in his leg. Uh huh. Well, I guess he won't, I may be the good way to shave your roi's off. I'll tell you that. He missed. Talk about a close shave. So there you go, a little bit of a... He'd be right if he asked me in that deep south and Redneck Heavyman just give me a whole bunch of beer and go ballgy. And any kind of a shooting team, and I'm in a hog heaven name, loved him hog. I'll tell you what song I like to help a lot better. Well, I already played like, and of course it starts with the quishore. What's that was the guy's name? Rebecca? Oh, say that. Ah, yeah. Yeah, see you don't know. How are David? It's more how are David? Absolutely. That's what he reminds me of. A little bit. A little younger this. What was up with the whole tone? If you ask me right now to name the greatest song in a history mankind, just might be it. I'm in your way to see it. I'm right or what? So what's the greatest song we've ever been to? I think I might be with my friends, if I super cramped. Yeah, I would be outside of it for this day. I could keep it out of the castle. I could keep it out of the castle. Oh, I'm a dirty one another. And I might be moving on. Radio Talk Show is Bob Lanzberry, was fired yesterday afternoon by WHAM in Rochester, and a wake up and up for a spark by references. He made to watch his choose black mirror as a monkey in a rangatan. Did you already had that story? No, no, he was suspended last week. This is the updated. This is the up chuck on it. A rangatan, like precious on passions who is not a monkey, but an orangutan. Get it right. Got it. And an orangutan who drinks a lot of booze to his matter. Maybe he's kind of that guy in Alabama. WHAM released, of course, one of the really bad radio stations in America forever. Big signal, 1180 on the dial, 50,000 watts can't miss it. Remember WHAM course not, because you were never in that part of the country. You were never like in any real part of the country. I don't know what the east. No, everywhere. I'm looking in the end of the world. In my hand, I visited cities. I'm not talking about visiting. I'm talking about living in a place where we're like in a night. I just took the radio dial and just turn all around here. KDKA and WWVA and the KQV and not KQV. We got C4. We got C4. We got C4. From Vancouver. That's all. We see KLW and WJR. Another boring station. If we ever took a poll, of course, with this pro-Kill crowd, who knows what they would vote. The most boring radio station in the history man kind WHAM would be one of them. Big signal, very, very boring. So I can't imagine that this guy controversial could have been on there. KDKA and WHAM released a three-per-graph statement about three-thirty SDF to known. They said. WHAM, AEM, third-on-air personality Bob Lanzberg for inappropriate behavior of the statement reads, after Mr. Lanzberg made inappropriate comments on here, he convinced this that he was willing to face his mistakes and learn from his behavior. Although Mr. Lanzberg's best-of-willingness to change if he came obvious to us that he's not embracing diversity or the beliefs of the station, but apparently, or the station's management, his Lanzberg's column today on his website, where he took shots at those who spoke out against his racially charged comments, including the Catholic Church. Oh, my kind of guy! Love you Bob, what are we gonna hire him? Five-date in the morning. Although the popular conservative talk show host was suspended for week like I said for good about it last Monday, and apologized to Democratic mayor WHAM, Johnson, Jr., and a two-minute recording played on here. On Thursday, the contrary, the conservative radio host said he would undergo diversity training would be off the arena definitely. The two-quarter-ishal marks alluded to Johnson's campaign for Monroe County executive, but in either of his mentioned Johnson by a name. In his first comment late last month, Lanzberg remarked after when orangutan briefed the escape from a cage of the Senegal Park Zoo, headline, orangutan escapes at zoo runs for county executive, fascinating stuff. On Thursday, Lanzberg announced what he said was the last collar of his show, music suggesting a jungle scene with monkey sounds, was then heard. Are you ready for that? But he never even mentioned a guy's name. Lanzberg responded, freaking monkeys loose up at the zoo again. That's fine, really fine. He's running for county executive. What's with that? And that's the end of the story. And so I guess they decided that he wasn't going to be diverse just perverse and they said, bye-bye. So there's a right wing or conservative talk show host gets canned to which we say good. Good. One less, one less fascist on the year, WHA and Rochester. Of course, upstate New York, bunch of you. Blue collar, right wing, farmer, nose pick and that death, basically it. Like the people in the pew. 1229 at 560 WQ and of course in Buffalo were bowling is their favorite sport. Now comes the time of the year when you want to have your carpets look and just like brand new. Because actually some people are coming back to town. Call drive concepts right now. You can tell take advantage of that special chance to say 15% on your next carpor cleaning. I've been talking about these people for over 20 years and they've been cleaning my carpets in my home for over 20 years as well. Just call them tool free at 1-800-248-5071 asking to put you on your stand by list. And then drive concepts will cut you next time they have an opening in this schedule. Just the same kind of ideas when you fly on standby. If you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off their regular already amazingly low price. And they'll do the same fantastic unbeatable job. They do for everybody else at any price. And speak in a price they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job. Your carpets are drying a couple of hours. They look and smell brand new like lend any fresh and they're drying a couple of hours too. So call drive concepts today whether it's your carpeting whether it's your furniture, poultry, draper, whatever. Then make them all look brand new. They might even have an opening for you. The day that you call you'll get 15% still off the price, the regular price of the job. Call 1-800-248-5071-Ikurentia. You'll never be disappointed with the job that these people do. 1-800-248-5071-Ikurentia. Or check them out on the worldwide web at dryconcits. .com .com . . Be in the banana republic baby only in Miami. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . But it's too English, I got a mall. That corner delete. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's taking this milled. All you can go back to the L'Araar. I came here many years ago. I learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross years. I said pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. No, but I speak English. Come on in. Come on, get with it. Come on, I've been waiting for 26 to 1 at 5.60 WCM. I'm mad dog to the 330 to pre-game festivities 3.30, 406 marlins at the Giants in the Ifers game of the Iyappel Yosel. Say it about it. No, come on, get with it. Jump on that Van Wagon. I'll hop you over there. You're more used to say it. You said it? Oh yeah. Okay, what the sporter game you hate the most is our main pull question. We did a little pull on our old before. We pulled him. He liked it. NASCAR 48. Pro wrestling 43 is on a way up to the top. Seems like side by each those two. Golf 28. I'll just change again. Damn it. Look how many golfers got. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. Can't understand it. Soccer 18, boxing 14, bowling 12. Dog racing 10, baseball 10, basketball 8. 10, six, high-life 5. How many football have? O footballs in my place. They're figures. High five horse racing 5, hockey 5 and footballing 4 out of 220 votes. Nobody don't like football. Even George likes little football. Fuzball. Yeah, I do like Fuzball. Yeah, but not football. No. Well, by night. Why not? It's a bunch of grown men running around and tight pants. I have any other in your sleep. You know, rolling around in the mud gravity. Sure. What's not going to be like ours together? On each other on the ESC with the towel. Ten seconds of action for every hour of pleasure. Right. And lots of spots. That's a deep club you moron. Right. Maybe that's why I enjoyed so much. Watch and guys tackle Tom Brady with their hands around its private. I'm jealous. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound to see. I'm thinking it because I've done a pretty damn good job of fighting off his sore throat and little very minor head cold. That maybe today and tomorrow. Two day and Wednesday will do like a little bonus. Oh, I can't do that because we got the ball game on. Really. And in the one to two hour right. When we don't have the ball game on really, but in fact, let me just see what's on the TSM right now. Can't a sports network. Let me just take a puke at it. No, in fact, I can't. Oh, that's some crap. Some stupid I show. I got to go back to whatever I was just watching because it was like a major baller. I've got with the pole tomorrow. What do you have a lot of experience and polls? Well, the problem with these polls, of course, is that they're trying to model the turnout, which is very difficult because they've never done what it is before. The Gallup CNN poll indicated that they were looking at a 51% turnout, which rivals a presidential election. Exactly, not only that, but as kind of an irony attached to that. If in fact, Schwarzenegger does approximately as well as this poll indicates he might, he would actually get about as many votes in this election as Great Davis got in November of 2000 or 2002, which we kind of obviate the business about him, you know, somebody winning with a small percentage of the vote. But Molly's right, as we get closer, however, to election day right now within a week, then the polls begin to take some more shape. But I really, you know what I felt Molly about that about that debate the other night was it reminded me of the of the Carter Reagan debate that the polls sort of frozen place until not the 1980 debate between Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan, people who are winning to see if Ronald Reagan. Well, you see a lot of similarities between Ald and Ronald Reagan, note you. Oh, none. People coming. As right wing as he was and as much of a puppet as he was for the Christian far right, Reagan was a smoothie man. He was a movie actor. He was like the former president of the screen actors go former Democrat, by the way. And, you know, at least had some political background, right, to be Governor of California. But here's the guy who's a buffoon. He's a clown. He's a goofball. He's a not, he's a not made for reality movie star. I thought you were going to say Nazi. Is an N and a C B side, but of course that's fashionable now with a federal administration in place. Maybe they figure if it's right in like a glove. Hello. Ha ha ha ha. Oh man, if he, he will, he's going to win it. You'll see in California. But next should tell you, I mean, he worked in public. They've had to wooly pull over their eyes. They had one election stolen in 2000 right here in Florida. Right in front of the right now to the open. And what are they going to do? They're going to let these Nazis come along and just keep a ton to lay keeps doing the redistricting. They're in Texas so we can load up the house with more Republicans. And now we're like stealing the governor ship of California. And it just goes on and on and on. It's like Hitler with literally, you know, with the media spotlight only in this case, it's using the media. Using the media to manipulate for fun and profit and that it can do take it over to hold that in country. And then pretty soon we'll have Patriot Act 3 and John Aschcraft will make a speech on TV with a covered statue behind him. And he'll say, oh, guess right, no more freedom of speech. We just decided that's dangerous. Too many terrorists running around. So everybody dummy up and never criticize the government. You're going straight to jail. We'll send you straight to get Mo. There are a lot of people like to get Mo. Get Mo. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're doing screenless here this afternoon. We don't have it up action on the phone even talk about, you know, our in 20. I'm thinking very seriously of just like doing a ball game on the two. Yeah, because these people today, you're behaving to this phone. And of course, that's why we had the nuts calling over and over again because there ain't nobody else got nothing to say. Right. Just like yesterday when I asked about that lengthy column by Kevin Baxter and I heard about for real and I read the whole thing. Or we have one. No. We had the one fast, which, you know, just repeating back to me what I already said, like a parrot. Tragic. I embarrassed for you folks. Come to the QA. Hello. Hey, me, I want you. Okay, sir. What's this somebody called in about that arena football league? Yeah. Just just a little information. You know, that Roger was being John Bond, Joe, we just pulled one of those teams. Yeah. So there might be something to that arena football to the guy. That's crap. Crap. Yeah. Are you like it? I want this. You gave actually this little difference. We'll pass there. I think what they need is a smaller feel. Like maybe inside of a broom closet would be good. I don't watch too much that I'm an NFL fan, but I just want to know. I just do that out. Roger, what's he just doing? Well, that that seals it for me. Have a great day, pal. John Bond, blow me just to bought an arena football team. He's got a wife by the way. What is everybody think he's a fan? I don't understand. Yeah, the wife. You know? I never thought that. Why does everybody seem to feel all the women call him John Bond blow me. They think they know him. They know him. They know the women. I know. What kind of women do you know? Ha ha ha. 20 till one at five 60 W to kill him. We got that big twins Yankee game. That's what we got no calls. Because we got sports intensive. I don't even see a pregame. Sure. Are you sure it's on ESPN? Yeah, but they're talking about all the series now. Let me take a look at the schedule. Okay. On TSN. Oh, look at what did I just tell you, John. Ask off. Look at who's on who's going to be one second. One moment please. Boy, I'm I scare myself. Now why do they? We still got both blitzkrieg and his pool guy. But they just showed us crops about to speak and now it's a special of all of our freedoms. Any second up. But in the meantime, the more important things to the ballgame, right? Sure. I would think. Okay. Let me go to schedule. Drag racing at one o'clock. Well, I'll put it down here. That ain't going to cut it. Where the hell am I going to find the ballgame? I'll have to switch around, huh? I guess we could put it up. No, I'll find it. Oh, no, no problem. You can't pop it up there. If push comes to show, I would prefer to have control of it, you know? But I find that amazing, but they don't have the Yankees twinskin. Maybe it's on a baseball packet. Now that wouldn't be it would it. No. Because I don't have that anyway. Well, usually the Yankees are on the Yes Network up north. No. Yes. No. Yes. No. 19 to one. At five, 60 WQM. We'll say yes to our friends at Halipadi XMC New World 2 because right now they're making unbelievable deals during the 2003 Neo Rogers blowout sale. It's happening right now. That's a motto at Halip when in doubt blow them all out at Halipadi XMC. Get the lowest prices going anywhere in the universe from Tom Linn and Joe Prado. All of the folks over there. Neil the number one waiting for you this moment. Save up to seven grand with a highest rebate to the ear. Plus get deep discounts on all remaining 2003 models. Including the UConn and the Onvoy XL. Neil the Milimero dose. Yet zero percent financing from to five years. And listen to this. You can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand P GT at Halipadi right now for only 259 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and just 2500 bucks out of pocket. Tom and Joe and Vichu drive any vehicle on the lot and get two tickets to Thursday. October 2nd Hurricane Game Against West Virginia. But you better hurry because times run out and supplies limited to. And of course, Halip's as always got an unbeatable selection in certified pre-owned cars. Troux and SUVs you can depend on. You won't find a single lemon on the lot. And Halip Pony. Can you have credit problems? If other dealers have turned their nose up at you have no fear because Halip is here. They want to cut you deal. It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Halip Pony. GMC and of course you heard nobody know where they are because they've been there for a long time. 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's on US when across from the falls. A veritable South Florida Landmark open every day seven days a week. For more info called the Neil the Alhotline toll free. It's one Triple 8 534 42 11. I've only got one Los Angeles left by the way. I think that'll take me to one o'clock. Go get some more. That. And I could pick up that package downstairs too. That's one Triple 8 534 42 11 don't forget all Neil deals. Submit the credit to Povil C.R. friends at Halip Florida Tales. That's at Halip Pony at GMC who are professional grades. Live by and local. Here's SportsWitty in 560's UAM. Sports at radio WQP. A. Another bet. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Fitton on. Billy, go ahead, give him a door to play. There's a can, what else do you need? Show him what his earlocked machine is. When the heck is it, the last time I used it, I used it. They're ox might butt. I want you just introduce him to the boss. You're looking at him. You wish. Prop 47 at 560 W to QM only, 13 minutes away from the Twins and Yankees are recurring again. No, but we might find it somewhere. What sport or game do you hate the most? That's our pull question today. If it was good enough for seeing end a couple of days ago, it's good enough for us. And we'll do a better NASCAR62 they hate it. Pro Wrestling 50, golf 33, soccer 26, bowling 18, boxing 14, baseball 11. Dog racing 11, basketball 11 of course that's a show sport. Horse racing 8, Highly 7, hockey 7, football 7 and tennis only 6. They like it when I'm hot people are playing tennis like Ann out Cornelhoja, right? And Annie's Rotic and Mark Filippusy. Actually, there are some, I've always wondered what is their certain sports. We're like all of the participants are really grow test looking. You know, how basketball I can understand that because they're all a bunch of seven foot freaks of nature. You don't expect their freak to be like good looking, right? Right. And of course women's basketball are all a bunch of old bikes, or least mostly. By the way, how's the WMBA doing in Miami Scott? The who? Exactly. Oh, they got a team? Paul Crabman writes, and I didn't get this on. I urge everybody to go to our website, any new rages that come. We got 23 stories on there. Each and everyone must reading plus two brand new cartoons, which are really cute. But Paul Crabman in the New York Times today, and didn't get this on or apologize. There could have been more work for you. It's all read it. Can I read it? Even my scratchy voice? Who's sorted now? Remember that song by Connie Francis, who's sorted now? Yeah. Poor Connie. But I put her away. Well, I was all at time in Fort Lauderdale, you know, when she was in Fort Lauderdale. Put her away in a rubber room for a while. Happens almost everybody. Paul Crabman writes in the Times today, it's official. The administration that once scorned nation building, now says that it's engaged in a modern version of the Marshall Plan. But Iraq isn't post-war Europe and George W. Bush definitely isn't Harry Truman. Indeed, while Truman led this country in what Churchill called the most unsorted act in history, the stories about Iraqi reconstruction keep getting more sorted. And the sort in this isn't as somewhat heavy believe a minor blemish on an otherwise noble enterprise. Chronyism is an important factor in Iraqi debacle. It's not just that we construct as much more expensive than it should be. The really important thing is that Chronyism is warping policy. By treating contracts as prizes to be handed to their friends, administration officials are dealing Iraq's recovery with potentially catastrophic consequences. It's really mentioned nowadays, but at the time that a Marshall Plan Americans were very concerned about the profit-turing in the name of patriotism to get congressional approval, Truman had to provide assurances that the plan would not become a boon doggo. Funds were ministered by an agency independent of the White House, and Marshall promised that priorities would be determined by Europeans not by Americans. Fortunately, Truman's assurances were credible. Although he's now honored for his post-war leadership, Truman initially wrote to prominence as a first crusader against war profit-turing, which he considered treason. Iraq's reconstruction by contrast remains firmly under White House control, and this is an administration of by and of by and for Chrony Capitalist. To match this White House's black lack of concern about conflicts of interest, you have to go back to the Harding Administration. That giant no big contract given a halibut in the company that made Dick Cheney rich was just what you'd expect. And even as the situation interacts slides downhill and the Iraqi governing council demands more autonomy and control, American officials continue to block local initiatives, and are still trying to keep the big contracts in the hands of you know who. For example, in July, two enterprise and Middle Eastern firms started offering cell phone service in Baghdad, setting up jury-break systems compatible with those of neighboring countries. Since the collapse of Baghdad's phone system has been a major source of post-war problems, coalition authority should have been pleased. But no. The authorities properly shut down the services. Cell service they said could only be offered by the winners in a bidding process, one whose rules reveal on July 31st him carefully decided to shut out any non-American companies. In the face of Strenuous protests the rules were revised, but still seem to favor the usual suspects. Oddly, the announcement of the winners originally scheduled for September 5th keeps being delayed, meanwhile only Paul Bremer and his people have cell phones, and thanks to the baffling decision to give that contract to WMCI, even those phones don't work very well. Aside from the fact that its management perpetrated the history's biggest accounting fraud, MCI has no experience in building cell networks. Then there's the electricity. One reason a Raj still faces blackhouses at the local experts and institutions were excluded from the repair business. Instead the exclusive contract was given to Baghdad, who's Republican ties are almost as strong as Halle Burton's. And if a recent story to Washington Post is accurate, Baghdad continues to ignore please by Iraqi engineers for essential spare parts. Meanwhile several companies with closed personal ties to tap on administration officials had begun brasantly offering their services as facilitators for companies seeking Iraqi business. The former law firm of Douglas Faite Pentagon under Secretary Hover Caesar Rackery construction has hung out its shingle, so as another company headed by Joe Alba who ran the Bushchini campaign in 2000 and ran FEMA until a few months ago, and a third entry is run by Oshmaid Chalabhi's nephew. There's a moral here, optimistic to expect the administration to get its Iraq policy on track or kidding themselves. Think about it, the cost of the occupation is exploding, and military experts warn that our army is dangerously overcommitted, yet officials are still allowing Iraqi reconstruction to languish, and that this effect of the Iraqi public to grow while they steer choice contracts to their friends. What makes you think they'll ever change their ways? As Paul Crabman, it is great as usual coming the York Times today. That's one Paul. Depressing the true. But Arnold is going to be Governor of California. That's how a Stoothe American public is man, but just Stuges. Right? He knows the Stuges. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Fund. Don't forget, Fishal Marlins Party, the Watch Party, 330 this afternoon at Shulashtake 2. Billy the Marlins going to be there. Marlins more money is going to be there. Interactive pitching games. So I guess Mad Dog is doing the show in the studio, right? I guess. I guess. How the hell did he do the show in the Muffin room? So somebody would have come running and said, oh you're right Neil. He is doing the show after Cus it a ball game, and all this stuff. They would have won. But remember everyone's in budget meetings today. Oh. Was that one of these? Yeah, I'd have told you that at the beginning. But I forgot. I was listening to him. I'm scared to hear him. I'm scared to hear him. I'm scared to hear him about his medical report every day. WCWM. Hello. The funds mean to your trans back. WCWM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing buddy? I'm going great. Listen. I don't understand a couple things about what's going on out here. They as far as this George Bush character. Can you, I don't understand how people can follow this guy around like sheep the way they do. Yeah. It amazes me. Well if Arnold Schwarzenegger's got a huge lead to be Governor California. What does that tell you about the political, student, the American public? The American public is the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only one who's going to be the only. He's elected. I'm going to see Latia to Canadian border. You probably will. And if you looked at the monotry ugh, he's republicans have left over the years with good banks and all the scandals and haliburten and this and then they absorbed down there, the jab myster, what he did with the local brown banks or whatever. I mean, it's it's it's clear as those on your face and nobody wants to yeah Wang how about how about the fact that Gib got caught and pence of colaby for the election he's got the biggest plan to subvert the bill of the public which he's tried to do since they passed the class as a moment and they go ahead and overwhelmingly they put them back in every in a it's like you can come your nose of the public and they'll say hey we like you lot the let me vote for a few times i can't understand it i did it amazing to me how many people will roll around and just not see the facts for what they really are i lived in you know when you're born and people you're perous in the radio and you listen to other people on a radio and you hear some of the slow that they're still on the radio it just it blows me away i don't think that anybody with a clear conscience could sit here and say to you or anybody for that matter that what this guy's doing right now with this republican parties to one to this country right now it in any way since they take it over for the last couple few years has have they done anything that they can stand behind and be proud and let me let me tell you this another american soldier killed in bag that this morning and several more wounded which were not here too much about the wounded of nature their injuries but it's really a real test picture and a market is taken another plunge all this phony baloney rally is uh markets down 86 to down and as the x down 25 is this phony rally with his rampant unemployment it's not going to last even i know that exactly you'll see it i'll see if the night is false border man you got you okay bring your passport everybody and agra falls not that kind of fall maybe we'd like to go over in a barrel maybe the guy's going to commit suicide in same peep on Saturday should we consider and come up and agra falls and try to go over in a barrel what do you think it's been done be a barrel of last role that's supposed to prove by the way going over the falls in a barrel it uh supposed to get your checks haha i guess i guess it's called something to do you know attracting attention people are bored it's something to do 1256 at 5.60 i'm about that the ball game i'm gonna during the break and we're going to prove it i'm actually right behind because i want to get some of audio because what do you know about it? Well Scott can Scott powder up in there? I sure can. Yeah, she's got him powdered up because you're I don't want to like question you're uh technical agility but on a baseball you're like you know you wouldn't know a pitch from the bitch otherwise I'm an asshole and it is and don't be talking about most life like that no more. I can't believe the way Scott talks about most life you know well yeah well I guess you'd better stinky smelly hole and stuff like that by now you've been heard about lamina's arouss on this program for a very long time in how lamina would flooring from lamina's arouss is the easy low maintenance alternatives and actual flooring am I right? lamina's arouss is the best place to find lamina would flooring from the top themes in the business, perid or pergal will soon are uniform on quits step so instead of spending tons of money on natural flooring here's the answer for you. At lamina's arouss they've got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers here's another great reason to call these folks their prices are so low up can we do it again their prices are so low it laughs a little bit floria right now get there some temper kick off special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks you heard right just nineteen hundred ninety five dollars gets you up to three hundred eighty square feet a beautiful lamina would flooring it is positively unbelievable and lamina's arouss will match any legitimate or it not for two so can you beat that for a free and homestimate call lamina's arouss toll free one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six be sure to tell the craggy ancient meal told you to call the mickets o simple you can't be to your stick free carpet disposal free furniture moving a twenty five year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care lamina would flooring column today lamina's arouss one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six my my my low this is for three oh five six you way not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon this one makes a third rock that I got two best soul said Jenny keeps her up it's a little now I have a mouse and that'll be what's it in my damn stop I just so get me rock that I got no way they say Jenny keeps her up but the stomach has put thin in hot and metal miracle I have off me box once Mary to a gentle Chris judge he was a done if I mean was smaller still now the wedding's all better I'm alone if it's for you this two count so get to the knees on the phone don't you see don't be worried don't need a little pity I can still get to the one makes a third rock that I got two best soul said Jenny keeps I have a little now I have a lot metal who it was it in my damn stop I had to prove out for the swap that I got two best soul said Jenny keeps her up I spill a little cause it's been a lot so I get a shot but I still have ends up it's one oh two at five sixty WCM mad dog will be on I love this fact this this tells me what he's all about yeah yeah I've been on the show from shool as he just decided he's going out because there's no management type to decide they're on the right I mean he's the nurse John Miller she's a plan and the heck you said that sense of urgency now because he anybody out there saying see if you weren't some foreign country doing your show near you'd be able to put that ball game on yet it's well it is the trends got back with a second time there's no Morgan by the way he's just as dark as ever and yes just you know Kurt said that that that dog heard you saying that he ought to be there and he thought to himself you're right you know when we got the setup out there we can do chase them there any time we want to got the little studio they're all set up I was going to use what they're in you know so we made an executive decision and they're he's one thing I love about to mad dog yes yeah yeah this is isn't like a lemon you don't go along with man as a bit of a screw up he'll say hey you guys screw it up I'm going to go do it this way the right way I saw mad dog you're the man oh right here's the man I would say next to the earth's truly and maybe even more pocketer than I am. I don't know but it's pretty close race. And then for Ellen Hank, not necessarily in that order, and then it decay, and then the big old and then Jeldi and then Joe Rose and then the Gurdley man and then Joseph Gackie and then that's the movie. Oh yeah. So anyway Eric was very defensive about the fact that there was this so-called typo and is so from he emails me and here's what Miguel sent him last week. Okay. Just to prove that it's not Eric this time since you like picking on him. Best of Nearrodges van Hitzfrock, Tobber and November. If I hear the list of all of them. Okay. All right. Which I noticed, I'm not saying anything. Anyway, all from no way, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, I didn't even notice this myself. I quit. Okay. I'm leaving. I'm going to retire right now. All from noon to one PM. I say. Okay. Sponsor after we're in Yellow Pages. All of them. With each donation in 20 bucks will hand you your choice of best in the O'Rages 2002-2003 CD because that are how David Keachin also while they last managed Keachins and then starts Thursday October 2 every Ruby Yamaha Honda 3671 or 36-year-old Pablo Beach special appearance by Joe Costello and then Scott the list of the other ones. All it's just from noon to one. Well, that's the typo. Well, let me ask you how much money are we going to raise in an hour? Huh? If we're lucky. It's a typo. And this rate if we raise $20 in appearance by the year 25 25 would Zegwin Evans if they pitch in, we can raise a couple hundred grand. It is a typo. Are you sure? That's what my job's sharp and said. Who did make gal? Yeah, he's full of crap. It's a typo. He's the one that wrote it. He ought to know if he made of a stake. Yeah, we embarrassed him into what? We embarrassed him out of it. I'm telling you right now, man. I told you earlier. Time baseball in the postseason. It used to always be the Sudanese state but has not been for many, many years. We saw Yogi Barrel before the wall. Yeah, but that reminded us of the way it used to be. That's how you joined Joe Angel's better than John Miller. I don't care what rumor anybody says. John Miller's got a great voice, but he's just fake. I don't like to fake excitement. Do you know? Do you know what I mean? Scott? Sure, dude. Like on a closed play, guys, they're trying to steal home. He'd say if you know he melodramatic but fake. Yeah. Fake. See, ever if again, if a game is exciting, you don't have to fake it, you know? Like when Bob Prince would get excited when the pirates would have a great player or homeowner something. He didn't fake it. It was like genuine excitement and enthusiasm, you know? Like Joe Bowen when a least story doesn't fake it. Don't say. Could I do that again in a million years now? I just had to be one and hit the place. See, I got the psychic power man if I could just, if I could just use it in some productive way. Can I do it? No. No. I get the track at the track. All you got to know is Jackie Mo. China Express is strong in the nation. Did you pay an over alleged orgy? Oh, right. China has expressed it strong in the nation. And see, you want to know what I love the best? I know. What's that? What you love the best? Anyway, I'm not really crazy about a Japanese people. I shouldn't say that. They're ugly. I don't want to say that. But generally speaking, how can there so many, I've actually this before, you know, because you don't know from other, you know, so many good looking Chinese people, men and women and Japanese. There's something, I don't know. Maybe it's what I found. There's bombs. You know, in a bomba grande de mutations. You think that's what it is? Could they? I'll be damned. I think it would be very fun. No, you just interrupted me. See, the fact that mad dog made that decision on his own, listening to me suggesting it. What does that tell you? That means he was listening to the show, right? Unlike certain other people on this station you're always touting. Oh, I don't listen to that show. I haven't listened since the year ago. I'm about and I listen to Fox Sports because I love Rome. You know, you all out of the crap. Absolutely. See, that's a difference. Okay, team player. I'm not saying that if you know an endering or break or maybe if I'm talking about some crap, but, you know, that embarrasses him like Tom Brady's hot. He'll turn over you or something like that. See what I'm saying? But he was listening to this show and he understands where it's at. I'll admit he likes playing. He likes Tom Brady. He's a furry handsome young man. Who can't see that? That's true. Even though he plays for the wrong team in your opinion. I noticed on some of the highlights, so I was watching NFL on Sunday, that they got the mad dogs voiced on her all over the place. You know what's that Scott? Yes, I do. They got him in the back screaming and wailing and doing his thing which everybody loves. Anyway, China's expressed its strong indigestion over a criminal orgy involving. What is the first pitch and it's right down to pipe, baby? Where does he audio? John, better not prior to the crew chief behind home play. He does have a great voice though, John Miller. I mean, phenomenal for it. If I hit his voice, I'd be making 100 million years. Do you know that? No, I did a lot of put I'd have a different agent too when it wasn't stabbing me in a back and playing fast and loose with my emotions and acting like an overgrown child. See, that's a problem with Norma. He never grew up. You know, people like that? Yeah, me. No, no, seriously, he never grew up. He's still like an overgrown child. Kind of like somebody else we know. Absolutely. Anyway, a criminal orgy involving hundreds of Japanese tourists during an urgent meeting with Japanese embassy officials, the former Ministry said, is that a fair ball? It's a fair ball down a lot. Do it out of the crowd. So it's an automatic. Ground roll double. Let's go. Oh, please go. Oh, down to field. Man, do I hit the Yankees like poison? How about Scott? You hit the Yankees? No. Oh, asshole. The alleged orgy at a hotel in southern China's Zuhai city is sparked public anger. Pupic anger as it reportedly took place on September 18 on the eve of the anniversary of the started Japan's WW2 occupation, China September 18, 1931. Bad timing. That's what really poured them. This criminal incident of an odious nature. Hmm, could you smell that? I told you about that body order. Harm the feelings of the Chinese people also seriously harm Japan's international image. A form of a official told Japanese diplomats, Monatemen's Reset on its website. I run over to third. And he just goes ahead and bunch it. Good point. They're playing for the first one. All right. Third one out. Nice going twins. One, I run an ending sounds good of me. Nine zip. Chiborchan and Stewart. The Chishyatolia former Blue J Chinese side. Hope the Japanese side will teach its citizens to strictly abide by Chinese laws of invisiting China. Step up more or straight and not do anything that is illegal over harm the feelings of the two countries peoples. The official said. A Japanese embassy spokesman said Japanese official said it to me. That's such an issue. Would we regrettable if it indeed occurred? If it occurred? And they got pictures of it all over the places on Yahoo. There's pictures of it. Really? Oh, yeah. There's like naked Asians or eannels. At least I train you on that. The difference between Asians and Orioles and the difference below you used to deny it. You train me. Right. Let's true. Sure. Whatever you say. Asia. And you've had people who live in Asia are not all Orioles. People who live in Indian Pakistan and Russia, the part that's in Asia are Orioles. People who live in China and Japan and that part of Eastern Asia, they're Oriental. I would not agree with you before. I would just say what they say. I don't care what they say. I'm telling you the way it really is. Who gives a crap what they say? They just like everybody says they're hot, too. Does everybody that they're hot? Is hot is howl of hot the North Pole? How is the pole coming speaking to pole? We got to get this run in here. Okay for the twins. The average. And it's a mid-cabbage crack that knock in. I wonder why the city guy is going to be like, okay, I want to see the green one. Why does that I guess we'll see that. What is this in Yankee Stadium? Of course, since they want to guide the game with a better record. How about the twins by the way? What a slap that is in a face of the butt of Bud Light and all the baseball mavens are wanted to like, you know, just wipe them in a sort out. When it down, wipe them out. Right. And Montreal. Contraction. I'm not sure all they should. Three balls in a strike. Here comes the first run of the game. Can you smell it? Change up walking, man. K, but you're at least a mid-live. You can drop back for the double win. Here he's going to land at the very least. Who are these twins anyway? Problem is you do not want to put a lot of runners on base to me. They'll see. George would know Shannon Stewart from Dick Stewart. The double play. You just do not want to have a lot from Jimmy Stewart. Out there. It's very long. And I know. There it was. You can't hold man. It's really too difficult. And that's what's going to happen. Is there any harwell city stood by like the house on the side of the road? Wouldn't know how well say that. What are you laughing again? You're you're pulling for the Yankees huh? Kind of. See you're from Jersey. You should hate the Yankees. You should hate the giants. You should hate the Yankees of the baseball. You should hate the jets. Now you should like the jets. No, I hate the jets. See screw it up. We do Darham a diaphragm George and straighten his sports a thing out. They'll straighten him out. Fulvin it's time. I mean, first of all, I was ball four right there. My right that was like two tops. Two tops. That was like almost on the ground that pitch, which is why just tapped it back to the monitor. I don't understand it. They're in a trumot like with these. Another two of them's going to take a hit or a wild pitch or an error and there's another one in the dirt. Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked, if they teach you like craft at work, if your bosses are real major, smuck and it's not worth all the grief because you're not making a cash. Here's the answer for it. Get yourself a new high paying career and you can do it before the brand new glacier new year. Call fast train today tool free at 1 8 6 6 fast train. They can have you train and certified before the end of the year. Oh, thank you. Don't be putting a ball game on it. Can you believe he did that in the middle of my spot? I know. And he puts the game on. What does that start to say? It's an easy ground ball to short and the ending is over. Wasn't that was that sufficient? I think? Okay. I think how many strikes has you got? So far. But third man. The demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy and there's no time better than right now to get out of your rut out of that dead end job and get you a new high paying career in the computer industry. Very seriously, you can turn your life around to get a big pad paycheck and really have a life. Factory enough is you job placement assistance can be redeemed weekend schedules with six load of locations of only four in South Florida. It just makes sense. There's about to be one nearby you, right? So pick up the phone and call fast train today. Don't forget they offer financial assistance for people to qualify as well. Call 1 8 6 6 fast train and get your life out of that rut off at that treadmill. 1 8 6 6 fast train. Check them out on the worldwide wicked web at fast train.com. And when you call me sure and tell them that Todd wreck suggested you might give them a shout. 1 8 6 6 fast train. My life and low. This is sports radio by city. You ain't doing it. That's it. Happiness. Peace. A sense of well being. A sense of self worth. It comes from the inside out. It doesn't come from the outside in. Well. I Do some love your own That's what my cute thing But you do have the right to judge him for getting a few pounds And put it in my heart and put it in your heart And feel given full-size vibes While he screams in for a housewife About eating more than tell me human shoes That can fail, please just bag it down Your freak and shirt is calm Try to handle things like your friend or bro That's crazy I feel feel stop Who would try to go away Not feel stop Break time Just leave and take your son Jay Have you liked that nice running catch along with the line Take an extra basis away by my boy Shannon Stewart Husk on That's some doubts That was something else There's Derek Jeter who makes me sick He's got a person out there He got two guys on his team Bernie Williams and Derek Jeter If he put the two of them together They still owe points in a personality column Am I right? Good, excellent players Big money But no personality There's boring as like vanilla ice cream As boring as like tapioca pudding Please, girl A bigger partner Are you interrupting again? Wasn't bad enough he put the ball game on before Teenage girl raped it by foot I thought you told him to dummy up As he just loosing control hour one I told him but he don't care Teenage girl raped it by football stars This is in what is this? A British or a austradian one-loose papers A police investor oh yeah, but it's got to be brits A police investigation is underway After a teenager reportedly claims he was raped by a group of premier ship footballers The 17 year old reported an alleged attack to police in central London Scotland Yard confirms The alleged incident is believed to have taken place at a west London hotel Week in and Bob eight premier ship footballers Well, it was just ballin The sun reported the girl Consented to sex with a player from one premier ship club But seven other footballers from other top division club Then forced themselves on her They balled her The girls pinned her big investigative detective zone Operations Sapphire the metz task forced to tackle sex crimes Operations Sapphire as a base hit Detectives will take a statement from the girl before making for the ring quarries With anyone she claims as being involved in the alleged attack A scholar in Yard spokesman said, looking confirm that the Metro police service Have received an allegation of rape from a 17 year old female at this stage of being appropriate to comment further A sore city investigation was still in early stage Raped in by seven footballers after she read in this one Well, that's the way they do it is it like gang vans I guess which I've always kind of figured that's kind of a fact thing You know, I want a whole bunch of guys get together naked and they like stick it out and they're like all You know, it's kind of like foggy to me Maybe I'm wrong. No not just to you I see kind of like when Joe Custell or you took one of the swing club that time and something swung that he wasn't expecting It's a lot He dodged it. That's why they call us swing club Joe. You know what I mean? Rightness push. Wow from some craigual queen Joe's agile orders a file back. Is he agile? 560560 pound 560 mad dog will be doing a show. Thanks to your truly Follow this in the absence of anybody in programming or management or anywhere Somebody's got to take the bull by the reins right by the horns by the ass And so I suggested what all do we expect it with a playoff start today all the bandwagon jumping and phony baloney enthusiasm of the south floor audience out there Let's like the mad dog be the mad dog and do you show from showla's and be out there in the middle of the crowd Get everybody whipped up with that big Marlon's watch party starting at 330 since he's he'll be like the pre game right Right, right could be like a little bit of four play before the before the game So he'll be doing show up there between two and three 30 and of course We got the official pre game at 330 in the game in four six. She fakes orgasms. I fake for a play excellent 5605 this my last attempt for calls here this hour because they're pretty lame. They probably watch in a ball game. What do you think? You'd think two and one who knows it bad who's up there Scott Jason's yambi. Oh Jason's yambi is he what kid the boog? He looks you know something you listen a little like boo. Well, are you could use a little boo last more way? What a tub he is. I know he's a hell of a player, but he's a tub. So is very brutal. I know that's what they would say Now with that always say Roger Clemens got a huge ass. They say Mickey Lowe is same thing, you know 60 seven world series Maybe it's just his face that's fat. He's got a fat push and he just followed one back W to Q a and hello Hey, speaking of the great mad dog Yes, I go into my neighborhood public right there in the front of the store There's this huge Chinak in this way with a picture of your friend in mind in mad dog managed Oh right Excellent. So he's definitely maybe not as popular as you but with his TV show and he's all over the place. He's everywhere He's loved for the green lizard right there And of course keep in mind, Hanna can comes in a green can see the connection I got it. Hey, you have built Murray's fan He's okay. He's good There's a new movie out, you know, trying to tie this into your head They said that it was the best movie he ever made, but they always said that I saw the previews. It looked kind of lame It was takes a place in Japan so you get to see something the Japanese people you were just talking about And the movie is actually pretty good if you're a filmmaker Are you saw? Yeah, enjoy this funny Cute movie So I'll get a book like copy. Oh, it looks like an easy grab all the second. It looked like a tough play, but he's over So thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. He's gone See that look like a tough play, but it really wasn't that tough because it took out nice convenient hopscotch. See how it works Innings over at the end of an inning the score Minnesota twins nothing a Yankees nothing is the twins will like sweetmen three straight don't you think? Whatever you say Yankees will be out just like they have and I read that Joe Torres and a lot of stress and direction pressure Look like Don Zimmer again about a few pounds I'm just in his face. I love Zimmer man. Oh, those are the days 88 89 with the cubs those were the days. That was great Are regular list of Jane said you remember I was afraid of being laid off all today's the day. I'm so sorry Jane I boss who voted for shrub admitted shrub as responsible. I have to be fair with my boss though. He kept me working as long as he could there's no business Well now I have plenty of free time to participate in demonstrations and probably facts as to Jane October 25th there are going to be big anti word demonstrations in Washington DC hopefully other places around a country and November 17 to 20 and of course this past weekend of our gigantic anti word And straight all over the world which barely made it in the American media You know that right barely and November 17 to 21 there'll be a WTO meeting in Miami group that's organized the march on Miami It just might be fun if I don't get my head beaten by a cops as Jane Love you Neo well listen as long as I'm able you're the only bullshit for his own in this country even on NPR There are a bunch of lying to sevenators. Thanks for your website maybe I'll even call you some day, but I'm too nervous Good luck, Jane. Okay Jane got laid off which is bad news because she's a sweetheart and she's about NPR They suck. Yeah, they're just established. Let's see they pretend to be anti establishment right to be cutting edge a little bit Oh, they're just a similar thing. I need those grants And that's right just like PBS With a crap that they put on here. They ought to be ashamed of themselves At least they got at least they lowered the demographic by getting Louis Rukes or shipping his 90 year old ass out of there with that powdered white wig See Louis Rukes or really does believe he's like James Madison What sport or gained you hate the most NASCAR it let me ask you this question seriously Forget about all of mid order if you want to like a shopping wall and you would ask the average mug Not somebody just got off of an animal the average like American looking a waspish or Jew or but if you're to say name you the first six presidents of the US in order And you talk to a hundred people how many think could do it zero none Are you serious serious probably are you sure? Oh What sport or game do you hate the most NASCAR 81 but I wish you they could tell you who been af like isn't getting married to this today Right right and they could tell you who's gonna be next governor of California the turnator of the lavista NASCAR anyone they hated Joe they hated Joe mama Pro wrestling 63 golf 40. I'm pleased to see that Soccer 37 boxing 19 bowling 18 Basketball 15 dog racing 14 baseball 12 So it probably shouldn't have too much of the space ball game. I hear it good Highlight 11 horse racing 10 football and hockey each have only eight I'm pleased as you hockey and football like right there together. You're the bottom and the least ten or six only six people eight tennis It's because they're watching it for the hot's Right those Rochester white hot sure. Yeah. I bet you any radical to Rochester white hunter to and his time probably at the vicaror of that's right the spots come up a little later I smell them in a sort of victory. They can't just smell it Oh, yeah, the stench of commoners coming to Ranki stadium. Oh my god I put the Yankees already okay the Yankees once upon a time were great the old dynasty in the 20s Baby Ruth and Lou Girigan Bob Musil and that gang all of its glam and of course the Yankees in the 50s with Casey Stangel and that bunch And then his George Steinburner son of a bitch then it's a different story Then you really really hate you despise your nauseated by the fact that they just keep buying up everybody and they still can't win anymore lately Right that they went to last year. No when he year before it. Oh, no lost their resume. I love that See I finally got my year straight notes got him a little old in febrile Yes, and I want to pet myself can pet myself in a back right now For even though it's not over yet for a masterful job that I under derived no seriously I got a scratchy throat. Oh, called third strike that was a horseball call man That was a heart in the middle of it was a huh that was a home team call What are you talking about it was right down the middle? Let me see it again. Let's see the replay okay. He's pissed off That's for it's an air whatever thing. Let me take a look at this pitch. Okay, it's uh, oh, it's right down the middle. What are you talking about? It's right down the middle You see the way that pitch broke right over the knees man perfect strike 127 see I'm not one of those people even though I'm rooting for Minnesota that's gonna play that game Oh, we was robbed. You know like Johnny most. I don't it's one thing to be a homer. It's another thing to be like a homo or And it's an even another thing to be fat if you're sick and tear to be in fat if you try it every one of the diets and the pills and the What's that Windsor Pilates man? I think it's bigger Windsor raceway, but that's about it That's the only place it works. That's what Marty Adler told me Anyway balance for life is something you really ought to try because this could be the answer you're looking for I'll tell you one thing the food is delicious and it gets better all the time They delivered you a black sack Oh, it is nothing like a black sack. That's what little Richard once said and in your little black sack Is all the food you need to keep you satisfied and full all day long fresh delicious goodies three gourmet meals Toodless snacks right here in doorstep by six every morning fresh the best food going I got omelets and frittadas and chicken dishes and beef dishes and all kinds of good stuff And snacks too so like in between feet is five feet in today. How can you beat that and even a beast is continued lose weight There's an easy ground ball the second two outs and Balance for life don't forget is the only company. Let's you choose between two choices for each meal every day to try and a program We feel out your little menu. You've actually two and by a Bing the food shows up every morning And you're gonna be happy campers you start seeing results the weight poor off on the scale every single day So let balance for life help you with that weight loss There's no calorie counting no carb counting they take all the diffugally out of losing weight Call them today and check this out call balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine the first day you run their program I guarantee you'll look better than to be still ready or check them on the worldwide web at balance for life dot com Yeah How would you cut way If you can't avoid if the markets are I drove off on the back And the terror risk risk me And it's looking to be more theory of his tourism mob- oppose Yeah 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 6, 6, W, K, I'm not much having an escape and G to get that single up the middle and then the ending ended, easy pop fly. And now it's, what is it? What where are they? We're in the bottom of the second. See, I don't like this. I don't want to see the crowd. I don't want to see the upper deck. I don't want to see them promoting Foxy and the, I want to see the batter at the place what I want to say. 1 out nobody on it, see a bottom of the second, the Yankees of suck. And don't need you, it may make sense before marriage or crime. Oh, are you guys in good storage today, you know? Little mix of match this show has been okay considering my physical condition. I'm okay. Okay. I think I did pretty good, see you're always talking about the old man, the old fart. My immune system is great, the right thing is sucks. So that was that your feeble. My, my feet from the ankles down are outstanding, which is very important when you have diabetes. That's important stuff, your feet, right? Because otherwise you get like amputated like those people who were like at the uniquely pink palace famous in Danya who were getting ready to have your legs amputated while we eaten the, uh, what was it the end cream with a chopper sir? I'm not exaggerating about that. They were sitting there telling me about their appointments in the hospital and about the wife is going to have one leg amputated. And they're, I mean, if you're going to go to show you a sugar addiction, it is scary. It is scary. And we make fun of people like that. But I happen to be one of them. I'm addicted to a man. Look at what happened to Robert Palmer. He was addicted. No, he's good. And he was even addicted to the sugar. God. I do like that video, by the way, simply a resistable. That video was great. Can it ever be any doubt? Nope. And pretty controversial in its time for whatever reason. I don't know. Just had a lot of hot babes behind him, right? Isn't that the one? Mm-hmm. And it did. To it. Oh, there's boring Bernie Williams. God is he boring. Oh, he's going to strike out. I can smell it. Right down in metal call. God. I do like that video, by the way, simply a resistable. That video was great. Prat. Oh, are you wickens out there? But which wickens? The smuzzle leaders, including experts in Islamic Sharia law, what tell us that? I had no idea. But we'd better find out. Have been consulted over the draft provisions yet, but certain criteria would need to be met before a crime is committed under the revisions you said. If society chooses not to do anything and has no objection to any co-authent, for example, that's not a crime, I've been told by telephone. Adding the idea that people would need to lodge complaints before authorities reacted. So in other words, if your neighbors are ugly, and they're likely to live together not married, then you can report them and they'll kill them. Okay. But if they're hot, now let you watch, then no complaints. And if they let you participate, then you like commend them for, and it gives like a gold-sarner purple jellybeak. Details of proposed punishments were not immediately available. Well, I'm completely the draft. I'll be submitted to Parliament for debate. Although bills may often languish there. I wonder what language they speak. Indoneysons have long followed a moderate vision of Islam, although an emphasis on Muslim practice and identity with Islamic traditions has gathered peace in recent years. In other words, moving further to the right, that's the whole world, baby, except here in Canada and in Scandinavia and in Holland. Netherlands. Police in which cracked the mysticism are still widespread, especially on a main island of Java, which makes me do the real bad, so I don't drink it. And many Indonesians are also generally relaxed about homosexuality. Wow, how do you like that? Whatever. There were likes about it. In other words, they take it as a come. Back home. And Duelos said to be business were part of a British weeve, while it's much better if we relax, otherwise you're shrink through the internet. Well, that's what they tell me. Sure. Those people who participate in practices like that. By the way, did I tell you my agents and assholes because of that party or an anime? No, tell me about that. He's an asshole. I don't want to talk to him ever again. I just, that's it. I hear that David, what's his name again? I'm a man. How are they doing? But I hear David Caz is okay. Great agent. Have he syndicated by by before socus. And we'd all be making extra money. Even Scott might make more than 2,300 bucks a year. I'm talking about Scott Junior. Oh, that's what I thought. How much is for all make into we know? No. You know Scott? He does. No comment. Vittnissald, would you know? Yeah. Is it sufficient for the tremendous job he's doing or is he like underpaid? Keeping in mind that he's only doing 2 hours plus a little sloth over. No, we can comment on that. We're not looking for a number. Just you have an opinion. He doesn't know what the market is. His humor is priceless. Or with what a what a suckhold man. You're brutal. What a suckhold. He must be. You must be doing each other or something. Scott, it has to be going on. Either that he's letting you like hop on 34C every other week. I have my own problems. There. Be stern you down, huh? 20 till 2. I think he's back with Clarence. He told me they're tied again. Is Clarence those budget meetings? Yes. What a joke. What a little Clarence. Little Torby Clarence. Little Sports nerd Clarence. Who's still got Joseph Gackie's, you know, blow up dial at home. He's in budget meetings. Little punk. Hey, if you're looking for a great place for a lunch breakfast dinner. Let me tell you about a great place from Rochester, New York. A great American city man. Eastman, Kodak. The flower city. Do you know that rich Rochester originally was the flower city? FLOU are? No. And then they changed the two flower FLOW ER. That's a true story. Because I guess they had like flower mills with the big business before he's been Kodak. I'm assuming. And then flower city for like lilacs. You know the lilacs don't sure. Hmm. I can smell them all the way up here. Hmm. Lovely. Anyway, you'll smell the good food cooking in Dick and Irves. Cause now they're in South Florida. They've been around since 1934. Serving up great stuff and Rochester. Those white hats and all the good stuff with the hot sauce on them. You'll find that coulders now on federal highway just out the barbed border by the tunnel on the east side. The coners is a flashback in time to what great restaurants used to be before fast food without prefab crap. No prefab junk at this joint. Go in and enjoy a burger hot dog serve hot fresh and fast. The coners have been brought to you and for a lot of day by the same guys feeding you cheaper grachie burger. Even though what's his name like that a lot. These dead now John Bolushi. The coners uses the same fresh 100% ground shock meat as cheaper grachie burger. An offer is an incredible big quarter pound hot dog. When you put that piece of meat in your mouth, you'll have a big smile on your post. But makes thick and earth different from anybody else in town is because all their burgers and dogs are served with big signature meat sauce, court on top. Giving you a combination of flavors that will do a tap dance of kazaki right in your mouth. If you're looking for something else to try and pick and herbs is got lots of great dishes. A stupidest breakfast menu omelette cooked to order. Friends toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes too. So if you want to see what great food and Rochester was really all about, go buy vickiners and check it out for yourself. Vickiners on federal highway just out the barbed border by the tunnel on the east side. Don't forget to tell them that in the arju cinch. By the way, if you see Norma Kent there by the way, be sure to mention the whole town knows he's a flaming asshole. A TV hasn't even been지를ier and. Personally, in these days incredible nice and southern Ah military veterans Fe had reservations against the war, chirjo old ex very Clark to. on the abuse for that can on me. n cheaper. Come. Yeah. Whoa. Whetsclap is long. It's good luck with what pushed in the family just done. Shuffle with spark. We stay in a funny zone and a TV show. Oh, right now it's chance it's the time of the lady but honey he's only a TV show. Right now it's chance it's kind of late night and I noticed that it's a little bigger at the end. It's a 144 if I look at a 3 and 1 run on first and one hour to twins. Top of the third there's no score but they're on the verge. Beginning coming up. You'll see. There we go. It's run or going. Three and two. Position working as a translator. Quantum of prison facility. Take it into custody. I think we're like touching all the bases even more than the players in this very boring game so far. We were like covering it all. All of it. He's got a lot of stuff on the phone. He had a couple of decent calls. Some stories. I have like lots and lots of good bedtime stories but I could like overdo it and get two series and carry the way and trying to save the war like some people. You know. Three and two full count. Look at that fans around her feet. They want to strike out right here. Nice. Nice. Come on. Next for base hit. Nice. There. Nice. There. Here. There. Nice. Nice. Nice. Are you here now? Yeah. Are you here to wait John Mueller? Did that see that's what I'm talking about that fake excitement. Yeah. It's so staged and so full. That's what prevents John Mueller from being out great baseball and outs. I'll tell you that right now. You understand what I'm saying, Scott? I sure do. You heard that right there. That was a textbook example of what I'm talking about. It's staged. Yeah. It's just the only reason he was safe is because the other base didn't miss the tag. who's the acu third basement Scott they don't know but whoever the hell it is he missed a tech with the ball was there plenty of time to learn who aron boon is always the grandson of a he's the grand son of a rainbow and is that said a whole line there was by no the grand father who and very boom was the grandfather and then bob bone bob was his dad and it is boom to many of the right game that's why a lot of people are like baseball there's too many boons play the way we go with what the fly ball in the run scoring easily in the one of the soul let's hear a sacrifice fly baby let's hear it for those twins the aches are going down you're going down down down baby trust me what I tell you Yankees going down love it I can't stand them George Steinberg one of the most anxious people and I can say that freely another might close their friend Allen J. Finkelson passed away few years ago because that's about the only good thing he ever did his life as he took pretty good care of Allen when Allen got cancer was sick but other than that George Steinberg I wouldn't spit on the best part of me if we could find it a man I don't want to go into all the stories a lot of stories a physician working as a translator with the US prison camp at gitmo was arrested in Cuba today today authority sent in the latest of a series of apprehensions that have raised questions about security at the center for terrorist suspect we don't want to get you nervous but it get more not too awfully far from where you folks are sitting there are terrorist suspect hanging out they're hanging it out tennis Murphy spoke some of the Department of Homeland Security said the rest came at Boston's logo at an agent airport the scene of the slime from 2001 from 9.11 remember those happen in there yeah a senior law enforcement of what I dumped that is man I'd there a lot of dumpier ports like he threw one London and then there's other ones but Logan international in Boston such a schmit hole man horrible airport a senior law enforcement also appears in the least we're building a friend who when it's going to be open a year to a gigantic new terminal because that's one thing about Logan it's terminal a senior law enforcement official discussing the case in grounds of anonymity identified the suspects as a man my halba see a man again this or said that my halba stopped in Boston Monday after arriving on a flight from Cairo agents with immigration and customs enforcement notice documents that appear to have come from prison camp and they suspected of being classified the FBI was called into interview my halba who denied the documents were his and the official be saying I love his toast though that all the toast after the interview the FBI arrested my halba he related to man email hotel who played with the rangers and they destroyed him because they brought him up too soon like they did with then black friend of gully i'm charges making false statements he was being held in Boston for the charges possible said the official who declined the script in the documents in my halba's possession how do you like that I guess the innings over how to one of the twins yep at the end of what two and a half or three and a half like I said five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen and two rise and wireless line we won't forget the poll what's for the game you hate the most hate always a listen to a really good response in south for a hate three hundred eighty six eight seven tennis uh... will go from the bottom of eight hockey eight football eleven hate high-lie whoops that's the favorite word in the highlight whoops are they also like seen in says that is best of the like that too uh... basketball twelve horse racing twelve basketball sixteen okay let me tell me for the continue let me tell you mentioned john Campbell i was pretty good for scott usually has no answer for any question uh... at the metal and name you one other driver from metal and ten webster uh... the very the web you know the first this is an amazing coincidence uh... uh... i used to board up in bataving europe a show from the empire sports network from the race track from the harnessed track batavy down to buffalo raceway i know it's a stand very in front buffalo used to be the host of the show it was a fifty minutes show and i was the board up because i was where i was part of my shift so i would play the commercials and when stand there on the vacation he had be fillin do the show so before the show i had to go down to the paddock and interviewed drivers first driver i interviewed at the table down's was any the whip absolutely correct couldn't speak for words i mean he spoke like he usually drove to chair from hunger bad any western any the whip anyway see the best of the good john Campbell then left her you know something he was out you know you know that's bad because of the ball was there in time but will take it you were brought up there when i i played music as a district he but i mean i brought up that empire racing show because it was during my shift so i played the spots and i you opened the pot and did the things you're going to get on the air for the empire sports network uh... the table buffalo for donia done curved to few i almost went to put on your state well just be glad you didn't thank you you'd still smell from it what sport or game to hit the local anywhere near buffalo please buffalo if i get something i'm inspired right now especially after their game the other against the eagles which they got the raskict which i know you know somebody else got the raskict to where the hell is it George or here it is buffalo blows and soda bill i love it i could just play that all day tomorrow it's a plan they hate nascar ninety eight pro wrestling seventy five golf forty eight soccer thirty nine boxing twenty dog racing eighteen nineteen bowling eighteen basketball sixty first racing twelve baseball twelve high-light eleven hockey eight tenancy and football eight out of three ninety two votes and it's a beautiful thing cn hockey work under the bottom at least we got a few people with some good taste this is the new Roger show this is the new Roger show this is your brain any questions this ball on box the new reality gb show take my wife please a regular guy gets trapped in his house with his wife with no TV or an hour to take out the trash i told you to take it out if you don't have to go and we're leaving someone out that's a star star didn't want me to get so I'm gonna get that count of these i can't believe you my wife please sports are so stupid got hit the ball with a stick baseball hit the ball with a stick pull hit the ball with a stick basketball whoa get the round ball through round hole whoa here's a tough one football getting an awful ball and the straight line that's genius you is ball on the box sounds like George wrote the script for that one that was perfect anyway i thought so sorry i don't just struck out two out for the Yankees in the bottom of the third so one up in twins that was a fun so sorry on her you do understand it there's just got sure was good see i know my crap i really i'm not paying any attention to baseball no more i just have to see his name on a screen and since i'm able to pronounce it now there's Nick Johnson who's a real tough a crap that's where i know that is because it just said Nick Johnson under his uh... put what that's why bo is not you well we don't care worry bo by the ways a rickled up old prune who's about 175 years old used to be a great short stop at a filly so many years ago but uh... yeah very boa literally oh he doesn't make a hell of a knife the hundred and six votes for an ask our pulling away from pro wrestling poor jocos still or he's never going to be the same don't forget because we don't want to get on here without promoting the big hijinks and crack going on especially since the mad dog took the cue for me and decided to hide tailored over to the school of state to ice god mad dog you be the best man i mean scott the for a he's great and i'm uh... okay for no part but jim and hanker course goes without saying for real fat all far but mad dog this guy is just uh... he's doing a bit you know you think he's for real in fact you're kind of a scared to touch him because you're afraid he's like a be a statue you know and john agrock the throw like a thing over actually i think of a job as a throw thing over joros because he's the one bitch and about his big teach so i sure is helping never gets uh... with john ask rock anyway the official marlins watch party and i just incoherently rambling i'm so please not great i made it all the way through to a clock and it's like see ordinarily what i'm getting one of those deals were going to be out the rest of the week as i can't talk see progressively keeps getting worse you know what i did the smart thing and i did about the night and i'll five minutes and i said you i'm going to go down to the little store i'm going to give me some of the vitamin c-halls mental at this time i got two packages of it and suck my way to success you know a lot of people like that i'm right and i sucked my way all the way through to a clock got it was a beautiful thing who's this is the play now who just that was a sponsor so i don't strike out again well that should be three out shouldn't it just struck out twice anyway the official marlins watch party is the staff to know and tomorrow three thirty a chula steak to and my me lakes mad dog is there right now be broadcasting momentarily in a couple of minutes as soon as we find a get out and shut up our big post though you the marlin is going to be there the marlin mermaids are going to be there there will be interactive pitching games there may probably some pitching and catching back to stuff like that when surprised me in the least bit and then of course Thursday we got our best in the event it would yoke hostile and the gal from noon till twelve o five and we'll tell you more about that tomorrow what is it noon till twelve o one right i think that's the new schedule until i decide that they've got to drive by slow and if there's anybody they're waiting maybe if you throw some money and he'll toss you something like maybe one of them more Howard David of keychain so he'll toss it out to window the van yeah so anyway and what else we got i guess that's about it that's the caller to be what that's a battle do one of the one of the one of the one of the one of the one of the one of the one of the one of the one of the three thirty and the good because there are some people out there who care and even those who don't really care they're jumping on a bad way we love the marlins they are the best we told you they would ninety one games and he played games over five hundred we told you the beginning of the we love them we just can't afford to go the games because they're too expensive not and we can't get enough retickets not stuff like that so that's a lot of the we're not only not taking free tickets but bring in your free ticket and think it's a way because they didn't want them for lover money now all of a sudden okay we get in the sky box we want to be there we want to be a part of history we want to jump on a bad luck course they made their anyway games in San Francisco but nevertheless we got it on the air for you three thirty the marlins undec in the game at four six and in the night after we have the jede medium some Chris mer paz is a car but we can only get in the He is next at you as nice move Maido- busy I like that anyway i have a mayonnaise Mean it, can- Fuck this shit Absolutely Fuck