Morning, Neil. Morning, Scott. I'm giving away tennis balls baseball tickets. I'm going to Debbie Reynolds hotel on Saturday night and Miami legs otherwise known as Don Shulas hotel What is he? How much rimming did you have to do to get that stray by Dave warm and city link man? This is a suck job. I never it's beautiful. You know, it is incredible. It's a byproduct of your brilliance clearly The fact even he even looked around the edges of my ass a little bit Yeah It's important I think to a Aving I do a distinction if I'm not involved with you. I put into my contract with Mr. Reed that I just won't be involved in anything Unless it's involved with you nothing at all. I will do nothing unless you know who most favorite baseball player was Who's that? They're old-dingo Berry You know, he loves to work action He's a single bear He's from I think You need to start a cartoon You know Single Berry heights is where he lives And have a picture of him fisting and so is that really cuz every day? This is the guy that you play golf with and you know my name is he calls me a mother-effer Every day when he sees it on rap all the slime all the time I told him this morning the first words out of my mouth where he said so what's with you? And I said I'm not then I just bought my girlfriend a 16 inch banana bill though yesterday Then he didn't know what the thing he just went home He just went home. He's going on the peel it You know, it's already peeled that's a nice thing that's the end of it. You just do a little bit of this I'm not talking about banana either. Oh, anyway. There's a it's really into this article I'm which I'm gonna read this just I'm not gonna read the whole thing because we don't have them that many I would take six toilets I should like a week of shows because that makes like reading an entire playboy There are pay paragraphs in here looks to me like you're throwing mold onto the truck What do you say? Huh? What does it say? It says that eight 14 meaning you he breaks for commercial removes this headphones and says I try to give them their money's worth Three quick segments later. He says can you believe it's been an hour when the show was ended for well wiping sweat from his forehead It says two hours is just not long enough contrasting an earlier opinion that less of me means more See how it's right in my name Wait a minute. I'm not in a wrap. He can't read between the lines whichever version for I believe someone could easily envision this scenario in which he shows swallows two more hours If you're wqam, how do you hold back on a promoter? So tireless is willing to offer himself as bait in fighting 150 listeners to I I didn't offering my services to the you know God you Because when you work one day a month now starting next week one day a year Yeah one day a month one day a year one day every other year You know, I just whatever I can do to accommodate mr. Reed in a local share It's the fallout from that we never got an update you were volunteering to fill in Monday when's the in Friday from eight to noon For three I don't know cuz it turns out they wanted to talk about yesterday But clearance and up both went and had the rectum's checked. Oh, yeah Who's was cleaner turns out dust and I'm tough ended up liking the drugs a lot more than clearance clearance didn't even say how to me this morning I understand that there's like traffic signs and dust colon. Oh my god. There is there's actually about you know There's long lights like at 4.41 and I just there's like one way signs. Yeah, there's no you turns Uh-huh And you know my favorite one a slippery when wet and a bridge freezes first He came in this morning giving me his diglia health report, Duffy, so they actually found something in there I said well, what a surprise that is it actually was the polish that I have on my throat courts is right I'm polished. Well listen, since it's time for a first break every great day Scott have a great day New see yeah, don't you go back to Canada you feel fast You can't meet that one you'll get man I like a man Meet make you grow up in a strong like me What's that you got I've got this That's this I can don't it without trippy You ain't like a pussy like a girl like a spoiled I like food well Hey, I like this Get out Okay I'm gonna have to play. That's what happened to the planet. Yeah, you talk about women all the time. But you've only talked about men. I don't know what to do anymore. I'll put my head in front of them. Maybe I can get a gixin and bokeh fry in sorens. Do you see? Do you see? I'm not gonna have a bath. You'll scare me. Yeah. Yeah. He scares me too. I'll tell you. 10,07, at 5,60, WQM, I worse safe being a warrior. Your job is secure. Because quite frankly, if they don't want the bedtime stir is any more, you're out. I mean, what do we need you for if I can do the bedtime stir it? Uh, yeah, think about it. Put on your thinking cap. Think of a good answer. I like food. Okay. Here's the appell result from yesterday. Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stir is on a website now. It's very obvious to me that some of the people have voted in some of the other categories. We're just doing it to like bring down our total under 50%. Didn't work. 53%. Oh, I didn't like that. Actually, I think that's about as high as we were. 816 out of 1538 say absolutely. I want to give you a kiss. No, that's not it. That's a loot of post. 816 said yes. It's important. Keep pumping out those bedtime stirs. But see a lot of the right wingers. Uh, the 50 or 60 that we got. They were voting the other categories. Because they'd like to detour us from putting something on. Or we said usual right wing paddling. I'd rather see more naked pictures. We have written three. I rarely read them. 164. I only care about the poll 1118. I don't need that. I read lots of news websites 82. 5.3% little on a smoothie side. See, that's a smoothie response. And I put it on there because I knew some of you would vote that. Uh, what, what, I don't need them. I read lots of news websites. What does that mean? They don't need them. And no, it means that they're smarter than us. As opposed to, well, you know, maybe I'm not going to read them. But a lot of other people don't have time to read all of this. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Rather than a nothing that attitude, they want to show us how much more intellectual they are than than us. And I'm most secure about the goofy stuff. 55 of our audience. How to 1538. Not bad. So what do you think about for real six to ten? See what I'm thinking is probably what's going to happen. And I'm just thinking out loud. For what I'm thinking is what should happen. When football season starts, which isn't really all that far away. A couple of months before those exhibition schemes start. When's the first dolphin exhibition game? Anybody know? No. What you could look it up. You could look at my me dolphins on the internet there. Since you got my nice pewter that you're sitting there dealing with. And don't be downloaded any goddamn music while you're sitting there either being a boy Please. Okay. It's the last thing we need is a raid. Preseason August 8th. So like I said, oh, it's only a month and a half away. The first exhibition scheme. I'm thinking with the dolphin season starting pretty soon. Mo. You know, he needs to concentrate being a dottering old man. I need to focus all of his energies on those play by play game. Don't you think? Okay. So what I'm thinking is that maybe they come to some kind of an accommodation with the old man. You know, write him a check. Two bucks. And say, okay, that's it. Just concentrate on the dolphin thing and we'll put Joel and Mark back to the six and we'll put for a lot of six to ten and take all the heat off your old ass. Do you think that's a possibility? Possibility. Because this story and city like if you want to read the whole story on for real, if you got a few extra hours. It's like reading a book, but it's great. Dave Warm also gives me a couple of nice. Thanks a lot, Dave. You're okay in my book. I told you city link was great and you're saying, ah, they screwed you over. You're always like driving a wedge between me and everybody else. That's me because you're insecure. You're afraid that if you're like it cozy with anybody else, then we'll blow your ass out. But anyway, Dave Warm, it says, if Neil Rogers is God's God, for L must be Satan. And the front cover, anyway, you can go to the website citylinkmagazine.com. Citylinkmagazine.com and you can't miss it because it's a big full-color photo. For real, looking at is very craziest and the article, like I said, goes out about 600 pages, makes that Hillary book pale in and it went to different, oh, speak of that. See that? Yeah. How I fill out that crap? Hillary book, here you go, page one. Here's the last paragraph from page one. Excellent. Look what great progress we're making. Let me ask you, what do you think? How about a page a week? Right? Yeah. And it's about 500, let me see how many actual pages they're on a Hillary book, 500 and 34. A page. That's like about 10 years. Huh? I don't know. That's about 10 years. Well, after the first three and a half, then I'll turn it over to your Fine hands. Oh, yeah. Aren't you going to be doing the show when I hang it up? Sure, right. Come on. Don't you think so, being a boy that Greg will come in and offer Georgia real fat one? Of course. Yeah. Although the quote was, I'm going to interrupt the Hillary's apprenticeship here, very, very disrespectful. Although the quote was beginning with the Soviet Union and the Eastern Europe, my parents and their generation felt secure and hopeful. Americans have promised he was the result, not just a military but of our values and of the abundant opportunities available to people like my parents who worked hard and took responsibility. Middle class America was flush with emerging prosperity and all that comes with it. New houses, fine schools, neighborhood parks and safe communities. There it is. Right. Yeah. The page one of Hillary's books, Living History by Hillary Rodham Clinton. Oh. A ways about 80 pounds. Yeah. This line in the Feral's interview here, the article about Feral and City Link is a dead giveaway. Whichever version he believes someone could easily envision a scenario in which he shows swallow's two more hours. Oh, right. If you're WQA, how do you hold back on a promoter so careless he's willing to offer himself as bait and fighting 150 listeners to why he hit the Metzine at PP Park or 15 Hember listeners on a booze cruise. How do you not piggyback a guy who's turned out to be an excellent set up man for station Haas and the O' Rogers? I thought I was a gorilla now, Mahas. Yeah. How do you not make the most of a once loose cannon who appears to have found a comfort zone many come by only after joining AA or finding Jesus? What a great article Dave, a nice going. I love City Link magazine. They love us. They love me. They love Scott. They're not too crazy about George. What? They gave me one of those awards. George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? George? Great pitch. George? royalty? George? George? George? George? George, George? George? George? George? George? George? However Viking, Jenny or Braille made lots of exclusive grills like the Turbo Barbecue Chef Cook on a Captain Cook all of the guaranteed lowest prices. Right now take advantage of no payment service cash financing until January 2004 on a proof credit. This way take you home the amazing three burner Cook on Grill of Barbecue's Glorice exclusive. It comes with the host great features normally only a once found at more expensive grills like 42,000 powerful BTUs. Porsal and Coda Cast iron burners and cooking grills. At a generous 625 square inch cooking area, a guarantee you won't find another real racket for this price not only 349 bucks and you'll only find this one at Barbecue's Glorice another one perfect for that 4th of July Cookout. Don't forget Barbecue's Glorice is the place all the top brands and beatable prices. Their America's best Barbecue store with stores in plantation, a university-dravada found shopping center called 9504-4234-400. And a crawl springs on a corner sample in Rock Island Road called 9504-7576668. Cooking in another summer. By going burial air it has a slimboth boldity i-t dobre farm, trade cash and ride How rude off the scum bag bomber he was hiding in the woods living like can animal just like a white supremacist should he is the creep who's wanted for lighting the Olympic view you're asshole and for blowing up people who thought they had a right to choose and then one steamy summer's eat who'd all came to town while looking for some dumpster food a cop said freeze or I will shoot now that the feds have caught him he's hiding in a jail cell who'd off the scum bag bomber he'd all the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time ten nineteen at five sixty w came got some good news today to get started I'm always happy to report some good news less than matters is dead all right segregation is became Georgia governor less than a rest of the restaurant to her who's segregation is defiance pro-peldermin the governor ship in a fluke election in the sixties died yesterday was eighty seven that's all enough for him by an insum matter to a battle cancer since ninety three cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell out in the assisted living home where was recovering from surgery he later developed pneumonia died to that's bad I shouldn't be like saying that should I why that it is good high school dropout for an important class six of it land a matter skid national notoriety for chasing away blacks from his pickric fry chicken restaurant in land in July sixty four the day after the civil rights act was signed in law he closed an insult pickric rather than serve blacks but fears of racial strafeering is nineteen sixty seven to seventy one governor should prove unfounded when that is pursued a policy of relative moderation on race maybe it's not quite so good that he croaked but he'd been chosen as governor by the legislature after no candidate received a majority of those cash in the nineteen sixty six election that big all kind of like making kernel sand is the governor of Georgia of Florida if he was still alive and you know what big improvement free chicken for everybody let's hear it if the kernel was a governor it's that bonehead you got speaking a bonehead bush people president bush called on congress yesterday to make it easier for federally finance religious groups to base their hiring decisions on a job candidate religion and sexual orientation a white house position paper sent a capital hill argue that religious hiring rights are part of religious but uh... they're out of it so it'll be back in so must be pretty popular it's good here's one that says four stars name of the rose great movie with Sean Connery Ron Proman christian slater nothing's perfect if mary abraham excellent movie about suppression of humor to control the masses by a murder in a Catholic monastery in medieval spanish inquisition times must see no dbd yet just get the tape well thank you lary also movie called the beast with Jason Patrick and uh... robney uh... something at the u.s. yes and steven power and our good buddy uh... rocky it's your ria k steven power c it's funny that should happen because i was just thinking about him the other day about the first time i met him at a panter game right remember i talked about that that we had a monio d's against on the show but i met him at a panter game he came up and hugged me like a we were going to do something i mean he was like his long-await best friend he was a pretty good guy set his option down he had his uh... a little bit of a nose problem there for a while but again you know on first blush i would say i like him he's a good guy he's a good guy he got it's just just like dany osmons since we're named drop and i thought he was a good guy now were you there then it was at a dot they know something huh oh that's it or something that on say it was an i would be but it was pre-jords days it was either martiner maybe it was uh... maybe it was nick what it is yeah i can still uh... get the aroma might have been old nick uh... those are the days baby those were reading the days once upon a time but now we're entering a new era as for real brings a little bit of fun back to qm god oh what about what about about the first year even if you hate his voice even if you can't stand his fall language what about the fresh air it is uh... for all of us just have a little fun back it was getting so staggy isn't that is that a word staggy check it oh my god it was getting so uptight all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time i talked about that many times people didn't believe me they think i'm always exaggerating that's exactly the way it was in a hallways in the byways in the freeways of a qm everybody was like walking on eggshells all the way about the in a hallway mosa there are a readjusting his package mosa their pick and dingleberries you know everybody's a little bit nervous you should have heard the beast for you talk about a real back stare you should have heard him this morning before our show comes in just that that that that that that about the mode digging for dingleberries not disgusting it was and all the other crap which which he's right about that and i i still say i think you ought to cut him a little slight maybe he is re-adjusting the tube do you ever think about that uh... i i occurred to me you know i don't want to think about it too much but he might just be re-adjusting the old back to him tube look for the qm vanity new deal one p.m. it ostens dive shopping mimey at uh... where and one oh five twenty five five satixie highway stop out of here free marlin tickets pretty see the real yellow pages from bell so marlins under five hundred again i understood for all the mention at the me lost lives now they can't win every day they were on pretty good rule there but they're under five hundred again and they can't play girls things every day either you know in fact uh... all look at that the plan of meds again what is this did they did the marlins in the meds play uh... each other every day the rest of the season uh... held i got a shot then every day they're playing it the older plan at the red socks tomorrow well oh and guess what did you look into our schedule uh... uh... uh... in the other room who let me give you eighty five guesses who's fallen in for and k-edicator the game tomorrow and i can do one clue five jica times jica is filling in for ready k-edum or a night well that be a hood i encourage everybody to call him in every from an as not for anything specific just out of general principle just ripperman as because yeah in fact i encourage a lot of you want to do it because i have no influence over the audience whatsoever call them up and ask them how jica Williams is doing look at that dinner boys we close out the pool fifty three percent and you know something that may not sound like overwhelming but that is a pretty good number and i think that's like a micro-casem of this entire program you realize that fifty three percent of the audience a little over half lot the bedtime stories that it's important that it's uh... absolute necessary to have a minor and then there's like the other forty seven percent that doesn't give a flying crap about that so it's the fine line we draw do you know what i'm saying yes between saving the world and and stuff like that five six six five six three of your you we're out here on the streets of the city asking people what they do for a contact bar excuse me sir yeah what would you do for a contact bar uh i don't know would you kiss me kiss you is the quick back on the street uh... it's a contact bar okay okay give me my contact bar oh you can do better than that maybe kiss me full of the lips or a contact bar uh... okay now give me that contact bar people are starting to look all right i'll give you your contact bar but first you have to kiss me open mouth with your tongue tickling my you feel like uh... it's your contact bar okay oh look at our ladies for contact bar yes about that why what you see i don't actually have a contact bar you know no but it was very nice meeting you very very nice i'm going to kill you chocolate coated ice cream so rich and pick there's no room for a stick who would you do for a contact bar uh... uh... the reason i'm playing that if you only knew i'll ask you this question you know what everybody knows what a contact bar is right we know the size of it the shape we know the composition it's got that tin layer i'm talking about just a plain ordinary pedestrian climb i'd bar right original one sure thin thin layer of chocolate on the outside of very uh... pedestrian vanilla ice cream right pay not exciting but it's okay sure now remember i told you how that i found they have a new uh... a climb like score oh no bar i know where this is going yes you do but i'm the only one in the world i would admit this right on the air right to the public to our vast audience okay because i have no shame when you're a fat slobin when you're addicted to sugar i have no shame on your drug addicts out there and on your alcoholics i take back everything i've ever said i think you better strapped yourself in for this story and others i didn't take this before the show no i was saving it for on the air now how many if you were re-starvan okay if you really were just our mind for something good for a nice snack how many climb like bars do you think you could eat three baby four i like food so anyway i go to a dominion yesterday which is a beautiful supermarket and they have the climb like score bars which is the at least the same it's got the chocolate on the outside but the ice cream inside is that score stuff with somebody uh... toffee uh... a literal bush toffee right on the inside so there are four to a box okay there are four to a box i bought three boxes not being not having any self-control or any common sense i bought three boxes that that doesn't yeah it's right right okay when i polished off the first box those four in otown i'm sitting there watching the guiding light passions whatever i'm watching my god polished those off before you could say fat slob before you could even say i like food yeah now yesterday last night i'm watching tanned rather cbsv news are we didn't have any much dinner because i'm thinking yeah it all of that stuff i better not but i'll have one more okay yeah i think what i was doing was i was downloading all my great bedtime stories because i see the audience uh... overwhelming want the bedtime stories so i'm getting some good stuff printed out and i'll have one more well one turned into two and two turned into three are you keeping our y'all in terms of running one little how many are we up to now seven okay at that point i threw the wrapper in the uh... waste basket here and i ran it to my freezer i grabbed the uh... two boxes that remain wonderful and one with one i threw them away uh... garbage bag and ran down a hole in truth on the uh... the uh... garbage shoot could plan to save myself i don't think i'd be here today rub you ever heard anything so grotesque and disgusting in your entire life not lately seven contact bar and not that i'm a slab it's just that i like food yeah there you go especially delicious scores that i'm hooked on score anybody want to score nothing isn't that a disgusting story not the depressive beater boys probably puking his gut so because it's also divided by chocolate on the outside uh gagging with the over the poong here's our poll question today on a fat slobby arrived you show see i i just you know most people are in denial just like every time over the years i've ever tried to talk about the whole fat thing it's a wasted time we better off doing a movie show again they want to know but i'm the only one has these problems you think yeah right you're the only one that all those other fat slobby that we see which is most of our audience and most of the population those people it did they just have glandular problems they have a slow metabolism they don't do these take out things like i did absolutely not it's all i got they've been only person who had meant to stuff like this is probably the beast and we don't talk to many more so before the show when he's ripping mola well i tell you mola's right about him that he's not a friend of mola course we aren't either but not not like him man he was what i did that dyrled what's his or the me it was a good line dyrled bingo barynt said a dyrl strawberry it was right relatively amusing we call like that but did you hear him go phong and shortly and puking his gut saw the paramedics still working out of don't don't suck around me beast it's too late for that and in that city like article i know a lot of you are reading about it's got for real uh... boy to be sucks on so heavy duty man it's just unbelievable it's a miracle well i guess when you did that big and round you know it's like a human vacuum cleaner speaking of eating a lot it's got a lot of suction there here's our pull question today which of these moves and i do think that that's not he isn't calling line to us hoping that the retire i hate you be on there w q i m yes sir are you done in just speak with mele speaking good morning sir good morning how are you all right love for real first thing i want to say you think about six to ten for scottie think that's high i think that's perfect i'm not a sports talk listen right now listen to the mad dog a little bit every now and then i'll listen to hack you know the minute they start with the uh... the uh... you know the who's going to draft the oh four year old in the garden you know i just by by in fact if the end of most of the sworn they were going around to room there asking who's going to be the first pick in the NBA drag i just want to jump out to window i couldn't hold on yeah they don't understand the average person doesn't give it a flying crap about that yeah who's the first pick and a big who cares yeah i think it is you were talking a couple of weeks ago about each direct i want to get movie intentions right i'm not a lesson whatever you like man because when the dog days of summer i should already be on my two day of schedule i i screwed up this year so i'm doing like penance here so whatever you want that will kill some good time i mean you're not i'll be sure not here thank god um... the easter egg thing uh... you asked about what the whole thing was it has a lot to do with what again people have no lives i have to look for a little Easter eggs and the db right and it complicate the hell out of menus you know that the menus are that come up so some of the older players uh... end up not being able to play the db ds uh... because of all that and better uh... really go from there oh yeah all i i and it makes uh... and i i'll tell you this is interesting because i i bought and watched directly and for a green right and i watched it with my uh... girlfriend and if you think it's hard enough for somebody to make that movie out try to put yourself in the place of somebody who's totally blind and having a described to them i mean i got totally lost about three or four times we have to go back and she had to tell me okay this is what's happening this is what's going on because i mean but it's an amazing movie mask it is really an incredible movie so you're you're totally blind and you watch db ds yeah yeah what's on the explaining it to you well sometimes and sometimes uh... you know if it's depending on the movie depending on what it is sometimes uh... i can catch what's going on but it just makes the menus that Easter eggs makes the menus are real real pain in the ass i'll be down i am amazed at i mean i understand you do you have said it before that sugar is your addiction but i don't think he said you could be seven five five seven five and now it wasn't all in one sitting four in the first sitting and three in the next one but within a period of maybe like three four hours seven don't think it's great i'm sorry if i have a box that i've had in there for two weeks and i've only taken one but i mean you know i i'm addicted to nicotine and i'm addicted to caffeine so i can understand how somebody can be i'm gonna tell you i'm gonna say it again nobody will believe me but i don't i've never done heroin or any hard drugs but i guarantee that there is no addiction in the world that is more overwhelming and compelling than sugar i don't care what anybody says that certainly seems like it's a man i find friends who uh... or like you could sit down and just need a whole pint of a whole half gallon you well let's say i'll be a great show Neil keep in mind with a contact card do it like vitamins one a day there you go have a great day pal thank you it's a road you're sending radio to 55 five five nobody else would you're all about the other season uh genetic it's all genetics bed oh it's not it's being a fan slob you think that's what it is is it mommy's fault your fault ma you may be a fat like like dumb deliways said in fan so how's you how do you like your chubby baby now ma wasn't that the line pretty close what do you think of your chubby baby what do you think you chubby baby oh god it's pathetic honey churn here's our poll question today i only wish that one other beat meat in fact if there's anybody after the contact me i would have a contest or he done i already done my part i'm not going to do that again because i wouldn't survive if we offer the food for free yeah would have no end of contestants you know something you're right we'd have a line up from there to god damn jacksonville are you giving away three kind i far as well we're not going to talk about it because it were embarrassed but we'll come by any fifteen or twenty a guaranteed we could fill that stadium that way hey i'll put that for real to shamed those damn marlin tickets which of these moves by wqm do you like the most that's our poll question today mo get choked back and this is a tough one by the way mo get choked back an hour for out gets the eight to ten slot the he'll go back to ten to two mad dog moves to two to four handclosious an hour or no more crow on a marlin games now you see what i'm saying what i mean it's going to be a tough choice because obviously and and we're not going to give them the easy out like all all of you above or not and forget about that i'm tired of the the kind of pussy voting that some of these people on a do it it's like when they take a poll you know what do you like better death or life uh... and then there's always like two percent no opinion you know what else that how can you have no opinion which of these moves by wqm and you like the most mo get choked back an hour for out gets the eight to ten slot neo goes back to ten to two mad dog moves to two to four handclosious an hour same pay by the way and no more crow on a marlin game we're supposed to be a five ccc you a yeah fiking oh well my blue baby car license of registration please all are i am i love license and registration you do not understand i am kind of well famous dinner boy p t p t p t p t p t p t c i play with you for no extra chance license and registration do you look away and i'm the boy from the vehicle it is i the boy from the vehicle now with your license and registration please these things i do not have but it is not a vehicle it is my blue baby handclosious an hour right hand behind the back you are not trying to be you are searching my eno traffic have a problem with that you would find this very thing man we're taking you down top we are all the lights are bright let's go in her boy wait wait don't they get a phone call alright but make a quick it's in my saturated oh oh oh i think that's strip a storming alright dinner boy let's go Welcome to our superior hey there she st Monument welcome you朋友 remittnet p wedda boy but I'm fine Fight, boy kill Jack a good vision. Please do not hurt her. Hey, Ty, you, we go to bed, no, we go to bed. Get a load of professional meat over here. Put him in some gibberish, put him in some gibberish, say, I'm all, I'm all, I'm all, I'm all, I'm all, I'm all. Why, sure, we're gonna have you some gibberish right now! Come on, get the ball, stick, I said. I gotta take it, I gotta take it. Please do not hurt her. Who's the boy? I told you he was fool. This is me, like David, I thought. Don't smell like David before, right? No, no, makes me so honey. 1048, cross Bina Boyle, about 55, 60 bucks to come to work this morning with a cab. How many days are you gonna be able to keep that up? About 30, man. Seriously. I didn't have Reynolds' shirt in my old car, but now that I'm trying to bring me the insurance of getting, they give me a loan or a rental car. So, hopefully better tomorrow, I'll have my right. And what about your driver's license? That should have already been taken care of. Oh, that's right. Thanks very much to our good friend Randy Maltosh at the ticket defense team. Yes, sir. Thank God for him, man. He is the best. Anybody ought to get it away at, do I have ticket or any kind of a traffic situation? Ticket defense team, don't ever forget it, they're the best. You'll walk you through a step by step through everything you need to do. Slut by Slip 47 votes on the pull already. And look at the result, we have nearly a three-way tie. This is gonna be nipping tuck, nose to nose, ask to ask. Which of these moves by WQM did you like the most? Neil goes back to tentative. Now I voted for that from strictly selfish purposes. Me, to you agree? That's what I voted for. We loved tentative. Absolutely. Yeah, right? Absolutely. And the difference is staggering. I mean, it is palpable. It's almost as palpable as the tension between Gildi and Mo. Not quite. Neil goes back to tentative, 14. Mo gets you back an hour, 14. And for August, he ate to 10, slot 13. So it's almost a three-way tie. Almost a triple that he'd so far. No more crow on a Marlon Brak cast for. Hank loses an hour or two and Mad Dog moves to 2 to 4, 0. Oh, and now that Moff is back today, you think? Yeah, maybe we can get a little bit more information since Clarence was impotent yesterday, which is not unusual. He was limp. Since as the X trends overview report, which again, I don't know if we're supposed to have these, or not, but who the hell cares about the latest trend that came out two days ago? And which, you know, we didn't do all that great. It was mediocre on a QAM, but nevertheless, our effects, the other sports station 940 on the dial had a big zero. Not one diary. It's just it's inconceivable to me. None. Zero. Nothing. Zip-Body-Duda. What a horrible day. That must be what they're singing over there at the tea channel. They're sports baby. Not a single, freaking diary. And even they got the crow there in a morning now. When you think they would have put him over the top? No. In fact, maybe that's the reason. Maybe they could smell the cashmere bouquet coming through the radio speakers, and they couldn't handle it. They were gagging on it. WRIPX. Sure like to get page 4 on here to show us the QAM number. OK, and the whatever this information is here. But oh, no, we don't want to do that. We don't want to give you too much information about how we're doing. We'd rather show you how the guys down the street suck wind as if we didn't already know that. I'm challenging this audience. I want to hear it from some car today who's got a bigger pickout story that my eating seven climb bike bars. And not just regular pedestrian climb bike bars, but the score climb bike bars. Which I don't know if you, I'm sure they must be around. I'm sure somebody'll know some fat prime, I mean, some personal note. You're talking about some Commissar of great suites is what you're talking about. Tell me that some fat person, some Commissar of great fatning stuff. Someone who cruises the freezer section like a woman going shopping like me. I like food. Yeah. 560, 50560 pound, 50 on the AT and see. It isn't disgusting story, but hey, it certainly isn't the first I've told you. I've told you about getting a half a gallon of that briar score ice cream and eating or putting it in the microwave to soften it up and then eating all around the edges. And then you have like a little mountain in the middle, like a little hill of ice for me. And then you run. You run to the sink and you put the hot water on your medley like melted in the and Schmidt cannon is what you do. Less due eat all of it. Listen, seriously, I can either have a gallon of good ice cream without even thinking about it. Always sitting there watching TV though. Don't you have to be watching TV doing these things? It helps. There are some people out of my mentioning names in the QAM building who have been known to eat on the throne. I don't want to get to graphic. But to me, that's where I draw the line. Where did the bathroom door? Yeah. Yeah. I draw the line in the sand with my big toe right there like, oh, no, this is not a place for eating. Not while I let a role in this year. Oh, that's unnatural. And it's almost like you're trying to replace what's coming out with something else going in. So you can keep the balance, you know? Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. It's fun. It's way. Exactly. Oh, God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60, 18, 18, 18. Also today I want to hear from some male listener who doesn't like for real. See, if I just said from a listener who doesn't like him because he so far has had the most unanimous support, which is great. Because that to me is a close second. We said, go back to 10 to 2. He's having him as a lead in and getting a nice separation from Mo. So I can see why there's almost a three way tie there because they all kind of like fit in. You know, Mo? They all kind of like fit in together. All the crap you could unwrap. All the slime, all the time. They're all interrelated. Absolutely. Here's the call from North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, don't. Pretty good. That's like being a real common sewer as well. Yes, always. Like being a human sewer. You know that they make your cam, pepperoni, pattys, all so. I don't like those. You don't like them. I don't like them. They want to, they want to, climb, climb, make a Heathball. They make a Heathball, yeah. Oh, no. I don't know. I don't know. I'm a cruiser. I don't need as much as that, but I do cruiser. Now, what's the most you've ever eaten at one sitting ice cream? Oh, I do not have much, really. Maybe half a pint. I don't know. I don't have a pint. I can't have a pint. Oh, my God. That's there. And I look at that. I think to have a pint before I sat down on the couch. Are you kidding me? Yeah. Did you buy any chance there was an article on the PBS today about how the governor is going to change the education system in Florida. He's going to allow high school students to graduate in three years. Great. I don't see what difference it'll make to get the same education they get in an hour, basically. Right. The other thing I wanted to mention, I got to go. I don't know how you'd word a great poll all I'm hearing lately is what a great country we have. Really? Yeah, I mean, people are always saying to me, you know, with a greatest country in the world. I'm a great country, but I'm not in the US. I know. Well, I feel what I think the great poll of people could explain why the country is great. Maybe it's the healthcare or education. The kids are getting. Or maybe it's the way we treat our elderly. Right. Or the fur taxis. So there's a fair tax system. I mean, so many great things that people should be able to explain it because when I ask people, they tell me what a great country is. Well, what's your criteria? Get silent. That's nothing to say. It just hurt itself. They just got out their little flag and he waved a little bit and sing God bless him. Yeah, that's it. And he can't speak anything for it. Yeah, they do make one other ice cream, which I don't remember. But it has the green. Yeah. Marmel in it. Like boozing, you know. Oh, I'm a great day. Yeah, you too, Neil. Yeah. Oh, guys trying to kill me. Try to put me under. Now maybe I end the only one. I don't want to feel alone. I'm sure that I'm not because it believed me. I'm like mini mouse compared to so many of the other people that I see. And I've seen a lot of you folks, too. Okay, you're not kidding me. I've seen some of you people who make me look like rumpel still. It's going on a bad day. I mean, we're talking huge. Like, remember the first season in the New Arena, the Panthers, the Mac Arena? Nope. Yes. No, you remember we talking about the guy that came over with his bitch in about those seats in the corner how narrow they are. Right. And he's got a big fat ass. He couldn't squeeze his ass. Too bad. Loose some weight you fat tub. Okay. And by the way, how about a contact bar? Or two or three? No thanks. Or six or seven. I like food. 10. 56 and 56 and 56. 60. The IQ AM. I have to tell you another thing we like in that's hair. Unfortunately, a lot of us don't have too much left. All you guys out there, at least most of you, sooner or later that bald spot starts hitting you and then grows and grows and gets bigger and bigger before you know you have nothing but a big bald spot on top of your head. Charles Ophier, his design and supplied her systems to the most important people and average Joe's like you for over 35 years. Because Charlie's got the best and most natural look in system in the greatest piece in a world that's called the natural hairline system because it looks like it's going out of your scalp. Not like I did, musk rat died in your head or not like some grotesque, a bunch of holes were drilled in your head and they put like a couple of follicles in here and there. If you really want to look better when younger than you have in a long time, you're Charlie a try because the natural hairline system is stupidest. Nobody will know that it's not the real thing. And right now he's offering a summer special here a system for 549 bucks for first-time customers only. If you already have a here system, you will save you 50% on service and repair on all types of here systems including shampoo and trim as well. Charles Ophier, he's the benchmark in the industry. He has nothing to lose but the bald spot because Charlie gives you a 30-A guarantee. Don't delay call Charles Ophier or he didn't get your hair back and look great. 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. That's the number to call or check out their website, Charles Ophier.com. I'm going to throw my way around but my group is failed so they threw my peanut boy ass in jail and I got bombed. They did the peanut boy bomb her two minutes. It's been a way of having fun. Don't the peanut boy bomb her back home. I like to take my best in the sink to help keep my chiplets nice and clean. When I try to apply my baby perfume right there in the sink is where I got screwed. I thought fun with him. They did the peanut boy bomb with a rat. They liked it a boy. They didn't have any other. So they did the peanut boy bomb. Old man mochi mochi tup to me he said. You're a cutest tail boy that I ever did see. I'm going to pop your Jerry there he's not you can do. Because you can pick your boyfriend in the tools. Let's pump. They did the peanut boy bomb. And by and large they ordered one bomb all over the peanut boy that was bomb. Come here baby. Come here baby. Don't you like it. You're a little bit too old. Come here baby. Come here baby. Come here baby. Come here baby. So much as you can't pick your boyfriend's but you can sure pick your back home. So we got the Mad Dog at 2. Hank doing a show from the Central Indian gaming because you know how we would afford a 635. Would you like to be over there right now so we could spin that deal. Your T. Hank will be. Hank will be the youngest guy in the whole joint. 635 Marlins on deck 710 Marlins at the Metz again. Jesus. God. Any came follows the baseball game in Joe Marko and I 2 to 5 that is at least until I get to 5 to 6 hour back soon. So did we get that out of the other sheets those X trend sheets yet? No. I'm not going to have a come running in a practically insane. Here's the stuff. Here's the important information that Neil is looking for. They haven't done that yet. What is wrong with that man? They're probably comparing notes from their colonoscopies. See who's got the busier ass. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I don't like. Yeah. The H.M. You know. Doesn't like that color. Yeah. And he's trying to get George's job when you're gone. That's thanks. I like George. Girls did not buy a house being in the last. Okay. Thanks, Palin. Well there's a guy who doesn't like Scott. I don't know. I guess there have to be a few. I guess. One or two or three. How many is think there are? One or two. Five six seven oh five sixty pond. We see we won't get any stories. Now the guy to call. I mean he was a good guy but he can need a half a pint ice cream. What is that? Nothing. I could throw. I wish I could eat a half a pint and put the rest of the way. There's the Chinaman's chance in hell. I could do that. Ever. When somebody tells me that they ate a half a container of Ben and Jerry's. They put the rest in the freezer. I think to myself. What kind. What are you talking about? Why even waste your time? My appetite isn't even wedded by the time I get to the bottom of the your first pint. Which of these moves by W.Q.M. did you like the most? We have 135 votes. Neil goes back to ten to two. 56. For out gets the eight to ten slot. 37. Mo get shoved back in our twenty seven. No more crow on a Marlon broadcast. Ten. Hank loses in our three. And Magdog moves to two to four two. Because it was last two. I've just. Red of insignific. You know just a little bit of a shuffle. Like the abortion shuffle. Five six seven oh five sixty one other thing. I want to definitely talk about before you let me forget. Okay. And that is this R.I.A. A. thing. What's that? The record industry to suit downloaders. We were talking about it before the show this morning. A lot of people getting into a real panic about this. Beener boy. The impact of music industry to expose the aggressive Plans yesterday for an unprecedented escalation in its fight against Internet parasy threatening to sue hundreds of individual computer users who illegally share music files online. We're going to line them up and blow their crap away. The wreck recording industry association of America. The R.I.A. setting substantial sales to consider it will begin today. To search Internet file sharing networks to identify users who offer substantial collections of MP three music files for downloading. It expects to file at least several hundred lawsuits seeking financial damages with the eight to ten weeks. Executives for the R.I.A.A. the Washington based lobbying group that represents major labels. Wouldn't say how many songs on a user's computer would qualify for a lawsuit. The new campaign comes just weeks after US appeals court rulings requiring Internet providers to identify subscriber suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files. The R.I.A.A.A.A. is present in Kerry Sherman said tens of millions of Internet users of popular file sharing software after today will expose themselves to the real risk of having to face the music. It's stealing. It's both wrong and illegal Sherman said. Alluding to the court decision Sherman said Internet users who believe they can hide behind an aliasing line where mistaken you are not anonymous. He said we're going to begin taking names. Critics accused the R.I.A.A. Reserting heavy-handed tactics like likely to alienate millions of Internet file shares. This latest effort really indicates the recording industry has lost touch with reality completely said Fred Vaude Loman, a lawyer for the electronic frontier foundation. Does anyone take more lawsuits are going to be the answer? Today they declared war on the American consumer. Sherman disputed that consumers were are gradually turned to legitimate websites to bi-musically, while object to the industry's latest efforts against pirates. You have to look at exactly who are your customers he added. You could say the same thing about chocolate. If you're worried about alienating them, all sorts of industries retailers are committed conclusion that they need to be able to protect their rights. We've come to the same conclusion. Mike Goodwin, a public knowledge consumer group that challenged broad crackdowns and file sharing that was said yesterday's announcement was appropriate because of targeted users illegally sharing copyrighted files. I'm sure it's going to freak them out, Godwin said the free ride is over he added, I wouldn't be surprised if at least some people engaged in file trading decided to resist and try to find ways to forth litigation strategy. No Schmidt, Mike. So what do you think? See, I don't understand how are they going to find out. I'm reading this. But how do they find out who's not even who's nice? How do they do they have days? They have days? Well that's a little bit chilling in it. It is chilling. Especially if you're chilling, I spend a lot of time on your computer. You know what the hell are you doing? This is another one of your psychic things because just yesterday, based on other issues, I told my child to uninstall Kazan, all the other associated things like that. Good, good move. Win it down. Yankee out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Verizon Wireless Line. I'd sure like to find out how the hell they do that. Because it sounds like they're like tap right in your computer. Right. Well depending on which file you want to find out, you're using, you know, you're using the ability to see exactly what the individual has out there. In other words, when you find somebody that has a file that you want, you can also look at their other files. So you get an idea of what their collection or selection is. Hmm. Is going? Yeah. Here's a call from plantation. Hello. Yeah. And you like the way in on your situation? Yes, sir. It will play on words. Yeah. It doesn't crispy cream doughnuts. I can down eight in one sitting. And when I'm done with, I just feel so awful. But I just keep on doing it. Yeah. I can, my number is three. Crispy cream because they're so sweet and so rich. Three is my limit. No less and no more. Yeah. I get a little filling in some of the blueberry. The apple one filled up. They'll really kill you. Oh, you get bonus points for that. Yeah. Well, have a nice day. Just want to leave you with that thought. I'll have a good one. I'll see you in online at Crispy Cream. Okay. They had the opening of a new one in the morning. See, there's your psychic powers again. Inspired to sky. And they said it was the biggest opening they ever had. Now, the one here outside of Toronto that there was the last year. Must have been. They had a just gigantic. Remember how many, I forget how many. Like a million donuts or someone believable total. But the one in Boston, they said, was the biggest one they ever had. Because the green. You can't eat only a three dozen. Right. Now there. Yes. We might have a contest. Yes. We might have a contest. Which means. The crispy creams are so light and fluffy and yummy. No, they're not. Well, they're light and in terms of weight. But in terms of richness, men, they're sweet. That's why. It's like an injection into your vein. It's like taking a pure sugar injection right into your vein. I could eat a dozen of those. Easy. The dozen? Yeah. I couldn't do night. No, you couldn't. You say that. No. Can do it. Oh, man. So what we'll do is we'll have you. Oh, Beninger is fish food. We can now a gallon would be how many pints. There's two pints in a court. Okay. We should do it by weight. I want one. There's two pints in a court, right? Okay. So that's. And then there's a four courts in a gallon. So that's eight pints. That would be eight pints. I got to the handle. Wow. That's here. Because four pints would be half again. I'd take that back. Four pints would be half count. That'd be my limit. Although if was missy's turtle, I might actually, I might dip into the fifth. Oh, man. Here's a call from Bokka. Hello. Hey, good morning, no. Yes, sir. You know, I really love for real in the beginning. Not the nail. Yeah. Like I'm now. But, you know, the boobs and the cans and the drinking and the beef burping and the... Yeah. It's a little bit of a time. It's a little over the top. Yeah. It's getting a little ponder. I mean, he talks about different sports things in between a little bit more of that. But he is drinking thing. He doesn't drink like that. I mean, the hell he doesn't. The hell he doesn't. That would be like you think about me on your nose and eat like that. He knows seven fondlike bars. Yeah. I mean, I drink like a fish too. I mean, I work on a town of Delhi. But I think it's getting a little old. You know, but I listen to him, but your 10 to 2 hours is great because I get a little more Howard sperm. But that's getting a little old too. Is it? Yeah. So, you know, the lesbian is in the Amwich, can you handle? I mean, he's actually bouncing around. I bounced around a little bit. And he's okay. But, uh... Let me ask you this, is it an improvement over what we had before? I don't want to begin with the personality, is it somebody would say? Yes, yes, yes. And I get up very... I'd have a landscaping business. I'd have a gardener sitting up at five in the morning. And I have my coffee and read the paper. And, yes, Jelvi has finally got a backbone. He's finally getting back and nipping back and mow more off than the never. Yeah, and it's long overdue. That's long overdue because his papa's asshole is just way out of here. Okay, but I have a great day. Thank you. See you. Well, town Scott, cut back a couple of shots today. What do you think? Now, what you hear is what you get. And just like the city link article said he's a mad man. He's a drunk. He's a drunk. But he drinks a lot. Right. He doesn't come into work drunk, which is good. Of course that's eight in the morning would be a little bit tough. I'm not sure he could do it. I don't think he could do it, but I think somebody people were used to work with. That the old I was depotting. I lived at the taxi and I OD. Wow. Hey, that's... Hey, that's... If I piece to have I V's attached to bottles of caffeine-free diet coke, which are I'm in our caffeine-plus extra diet coke. What was that soda that they made in Rochester, Jolt? Wasn't that it? Look, stuff that Sugs was very, yes. The extra caffeine. Correct. Maybe that's what Scott should start on. Maybe we could weed him off the booze and get him out of the jail. Hey, so I want to do an experiment during this next break. Yeah. Go to your email after you read the spot because I want to see if my phone can send you pictures. If your phone can send me pictures. I like to go a picture from my phone. Are they naked pictures of Moses? That's current picture. 1113 at 5.60. What? Like a picture of an aerial turn. Yeah. Oh, if I had to look at you guys during this show, I might have to go out and have a couple more fun backbars. I wasn't always retiring from the stress. I'll tell you a great place to pick out the pizza law. And they really do. I always say it in some people might disagree, but the portions that they bring you. And I'm not just talking about for me. They don't do special. Whatever they bring you, they give you enough for like two people. Big portions of fresh delicious Italian goodies. They got every Italian pasta dish out of the sun and chicken and veal and seafood. Three different kinds of great pizza, calzone, soup or subs. Garlic rolls the best in the history of mankind. And every night they got something special going on throughout as well. Like for example, every Thursday like tonight is bike night at the law. Come on a motorcycle, score it. I won't dinner. Get the second month for a half price. And you can bring the whole family, all your friends. As often as you want because the prices won't put a big button in your pocketbook. Especially if somebody else is paying for it. Call 9.54 9.16 8880. That's the daily location on university drive between Griffin and 5.95 behind Perwin. For Purs for take out for catering for delivery. And now the brand new pizza lock is in plantation long overdue. Man, up by me for so long we've needed to place that really had great food at very modest prices. And here it is the pizza lock with great fresh Italian goodies. 9.54 3.8.2.199 9.54 3.8.2.199. Son of a corner of Navajo and sunrise right behind Walgreens. And at little hard to see strip shopping center. But it's well worth your fight and it cause it's stupid. The world flaming pizza lock. 5.6.9. 5.6.2.8. Look at that beanie boy as we speak. I like that. Let me. Cutting on a board show. Trying to be my show. Your boy sounds just like a sad and hear-over. Here, O girl. I live in a sports home show. What else are you thankful, Gellie? Gellie! Talking like a baby. But she needs a little training. Like a chill under snap. You don't sound like a man. You move the rubber bands. That choke. Your stroke come, Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Your lovely management doesn't care. Gellie. You don't belong there on the hand. And Gellie. The sports can wait till your voice cracks. Because anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only take you back when both of them are ready. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. When you're going to grow up, you make us want to grow up. You feel a squeaky boom. Go to broadcasting school. You're free. You've answered boys. Thanks you. Sound like a butt. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Good job. Gellie. Gellie. Y'all got me. Gellie, who are you thinking about. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. Gellie. for me. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, this is a still. This is not a live picture. This is from like, whenever you might as well be. Oh, son of a, is he still? He's still stopped over to chair. No, no, Hank fell asleep during his own show. No, no, no, no, no, he's falling asleep. Not falling. Not falling. Rather, he's asleep. He's asleep. He's asleep. And yes, of course I sent a copy to Eric. So it's right. That's already on the website right there, front center for the always a beautiful thing. Yeah, audience can see being a more childishly really hard at work. Doing what he does best. This is a, this is a first. I mean, I first. I thought before, but it was a high school basketball game. How embarrassing. Now, what are we going to do about it? I don't know. I was hoping that we could work out some and is there any like any special reason for this? And he didn't say otherwise. He was supposed to be putting those bedtime stories on air, which we had like 17 of them today. He's taking a nap. He's new. I looked up. I was going to say something and I noticed that he was out. So I had not on. Well, this show has been on to do that. Yeah. Plus, we're talking about food. You know? I like food. Yeah, right. He's not into it. So I thought we could figure out an imaginative clever way of waking him up or not. How about if Clarence comes in and taxes? Back to him about that. I mean, Clarence admitted to me the other yesterday. He's desperate. He'll take anything. He might sleep through that. Hunker while especially after that jail of spirits might be old news. 1908 votes on a pool, which of these moves by QM did you like the most? Neil goes back to 10 to 2. 80. Oh, we're pulling away. Old good shove back in our 47. Parallel gets the 8 to 10 slot 44. No more crow on was Marlon game 15. Hank loses in our 8 and the mad dog moves to 2 to 4. 4. So it's basically a 3. We all are closed to a little bit better than I thought he would. 5. 6. 705. 60 pound 5. 60 on the AT&T. In Verizon wireless line. Vina boys asleep. He's taken a nap. He's under a lot of stress. Did he get his time sheet in at least? He has seated. There you go. Well, I guess that's probably what put him over the edge. When Clarence told me he had five minutes to get his time sheet in or he wasn't going to pay it on the 10th. I think that just stressed him out. Max. I was all these people are in a big and important meeting of some sort. That's why we're not going to be able to get those numbers anytime soon. A big important meeting? Right. Maybe it's a meeting about what we're going to be doing on a starting next week that could be. Unlike Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Maybe let's say for a well kind of a meeting where we actually get an answer to our question. But why do we run this side now when we have like at least a full week to do it? Sure. Here's my any, hello. My any? He's gone. No, he's there somebody there. Hello. Oh, uh. And back to you. Have a nice life. Here's the call from Carl Springs. Hello. Hey, Neil. One time first time. Yes, sir. I'm in attorney. I represent a bunch of people being sued by Directive. I heard you talking about being sued by the recording industry. So it's right. America. Some believe, if people don't think that they can really be sued by these big companies, they can. I represent about a half a dozen people right now. And what the recording industry is going to do is they're going to get your IP address when you download files off a Kaza. They'll go to your internet service provider. Say, who was logged on at that time? And that's it. They've got you. Now, they still got a proof who was sitting behind the computer. Right. But at least they they now have your address and who will, who needs that kind of problem? Also, I'm other than say, have to prove who's at the computer, though. So, not just because the computer might be in your name, for example, or like to use me as an example in my name. If somebody else is at my computer and is sharing files, I'm not responsible for that. It's a good defense. But again, you're going to have the cross-relidication. Oh. So, I'm put my computer into bottom of the pool and I get back. Yeah, I think so. It's the safest thing to do. Yeah. Anyway, I like to tend to do. Thanks, Pally. All right. See you. Okay. So there's some good news for you. Now, Bina Brown, I'm sure he's going to give us an information about that. Is he still asleep? Yeah. Get out of here. Are you sure he's a live? No, I'm going to go poking with this. I want to think that he was going to die in the middle of the show. You know what I'm saying? So, those might have been his last words. Right after he said, I like food. Maybe my climb like forest to put him over the edge. Under the edge. Go on the other room and tap him. All right. On the shoulder very light because he's slumped over. He's got a shame on it. I want to hold it lightly. I want to kick the chair so he falls out. Okay. Kick the chair and jump up like that. You know. Here we go. Yeah. I'm in the other room. I'm in the air out. Okay. Over here. Where the microphone up really not so we can hear what happens. Okay. I'm going to tap your chair over. So he falls on the ground. Okay. No. I'm going to slow the chair and he's going to fall. Wait up. Wait up. He's not dead. Well, that's here. He's not dead. All right. Peanutboy's still alive. He survived two days with a highly acupes. With a broom handles and all. He's still alive. That's shocking. What was the reaction? Movement. Slow it first. Slow and this sounds like a drug addiction to me. 567.0560. Pound 560. And the amount of this I had the one guy with a donut thing, but there's nobody going to tap me on the ice cream because they they're liars. You're by you're in denial. Okay. You're in denial. They will not admit that there are pigs that they do these things that they binge like I do. They want to leave me hang it out there and the limb. Oh that nail. Here's a real pig. Can you believe anybody can be that disgusting? I guarantee there are some of you folks out there if you pardon the expression could eat me under the table. And some of you might not be a bad idea. Seriously, it's just not even in the league with some of you people, but again, I told you I predicted that I was right after a hundred years of doing this crap. They just lied to themselves. I know I do it. It's not like I did subconsciously. How you doing? Being a boy, okay? Yeah. 26. That's the 11. And 560. 00QA. I like food. You're in coherence station. Brandy shoes this year celebrating 25 years of doing you in your feet right in South Florida. Amazing. Any independent family shoe store that's been around for that long has got to be doing many many things right like treating you great, giving you a fair deals and giving you unbelievable selection. They got all the top brands in the business. They've got rock ports, echoes, muffisto, timberland, clerks, essay as floor shime and lots more. And no matter how big or tiny your feet may be, they got exactly the size you need in stock ready to slap on your feet right now. Man size 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12 are wits from very narrow to the very wide. And they give you professional service to to make sure you get a perfect fit every time. With over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you can bet Biner Boy's life on it that exactly the pair and study looking for is in stock right now. Brandy's you'll find them at 12, 19 or federal highway and pop in obese. They're open daily 9 till 9 every Sunday 10 to 5 and all this wicked Brandy's buy one pair of rock ports and get the second pair at 50% off. Everybody in their brother and all loves rock ports, there's some of the best offers go down all men's and women's rock ports, styles except the 7100 series. So be sure and stop in this wicked Brandy's or check them out on the web at brandysuys.com. I'm on a talk about a carcassado and I like all around sport. I'm on a rock port watching their play games and doing the race. That means for the needs of getting the race. I'm on a talk about a carcassado and I'm on my life all around sport. I'm afraid of women they got breath and got a lot of food he saw on their breath. I'd rather watch men play with their balls and going down in the showers. But no time I'm on a talk about a carcassado and talking about a rock port. I'm afraid of women anyway. They're the really show what he's saying, but I've been on my my stories. I like all about boy. I like all about boy. I like all about boy. That's a lootly. 1133 to 560 WM happy Thursday too. That picture is worth a billion words. Anybody who's got who's anywhere near a PC. Or what do you call another one? What do you call on it like any orifice? A PC. A few on. Anyway, it's near a pewter. The internet connection. Go to our website right now. Immediately Carlos, hard at work or hardly working. That picture like I said. And I guarantee you must have been so sad to say he didn't know that he was raped while he was just sleeping. She still doesn't. Okay. Now that you can reload there's two of them there. Oh, there's another one? But it's just different angles. Oh no. Actually this angle's a little bit better than the one that you sent me. This isn't this a different one? Right, but I sent them both to Eric. Well, thank you so much. So there you go. Your famous now and of course, now they know what you look like. Big time. Great. So next time you get busted and highly. Oh, yeah, you must be that be no boy guy. Yeah, we saw you on a internet. And I checked the bedtime stories. No, the same ones we hit on there yesterday. So while somebody, I mean, we got that tremendous endorsement from the audience. 53% said absolutely it's important. Keep those bedtime stories coming. Absolutely. We're going to save the world. Go on there. The show's on this table. What's your website? And he's just taken a nap. What's the story? My laptop is er. I don't know. I still don't know what you're probably. I have no idea what it was going. It's truly, you got to get the drool there. Yeah, yeah. Why if the drool off your face and speak to us like a man, okay? Why are you so incoherent this morning? He George's like fresh in your supplier, something? Want to hang that on me? Yeah, yeah. I don't get the good stuff he does. Oh, my god. God. I'm exhausted. I studied, I was a slow trade, I laughed up to work. That's the story. That's you've excuse? Meghala? I like food. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Got a couple of airport screeners stories here. One of them is what are both bad. Two federal baggage security screeners responsible for preventing weapons and other illegal materials from being smuggled on the planes at Miami International Airport have been charged with stealing from passenger luggage. Oh! The TSA, the vision of the fledgling department of home-line security initiated the investigation after receiving a tip of out its employees' conducts at regional spokeswoman Lauren Stover in a phone interview. The TSA enlisted the help of the dead county police according to a police statement the pervocentignate case containing $300 of compact dis from passenger luggage June 22. $300 worth of CDs. Police said there were other problems as well in some cases the screeners purposely neglected when spec passed your luggage but marked items with clearance stickers anyway. All right. The pervocentignate and a five-in-the-end-roar wash in 2022 and Edwin Reyes 23. The TSA has been criticized for its national problems in competing background checks in its 55,000 screeners hired in the past year. Stover said 1200 screeners they should have been left to background checks turned up criminal records or lies on their application. I didn't like that. They're stealing your CDs but at least there ain't no hand grenades going through it that we checked last. Well, they're all still sitting in the overhead on the American air like, oh I'll tell you one thing, this air can't have the umetternaut crawl through. If I have to fly American is the only way to get nonstop from here back to Miami I mean just not come back. Yeah. What I'll do is I'll just rent a car and drive over to Buffalo. Huh? No, just to keep my American citizenship going, you know, I mean every you can only stay here so many days at a time. And it just because American airlines is the end of the world. It's just chaotic. Total chaos. And then this story which I think is going to be really raising a lot of eyebrows and more ways than one airport speeders make it extra vision. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Susan Hallowell steps into a metal booth that bounces x-rays off her skin, producing a black and white image that reveals enough to produce a world-class blush. To the eye, she's dressed in a skirt and blazer in dark business like colors on the monitor the director of the transportation secret administration security laboratory is naked. Except for a gun and a bomb that she hit under her outfit. She's the bomb. The government's considering using technology at airport security checkpoints because the magnometer magnetometer is now in use cannot to take plastic weapons or substances use in explosives. How about a sacrificing your modesty to make a point? Air traitors are not good at like being technologically undressed by security screeners. It does basically make you look fat naked but you see all of this stuff. The technology is called backscatter. Because scatters x-rays. Doses have raised the flicked out dense material such as metal or plastic produce a dark aromatherin to those deflected off skin. The radiation dosage is about the same as sunshine. Howlowell said. Backscatter machines have been available on a market for years. The agency is trying to modify the machines with an electronic figure programming that fuses out sensitive body parts. This is the operative sentence right here. The agency is trying to find a way to modify the machines with an electronic figure programming that fuses out sensitive body parts or distorts the body so it's unrecognizable. So they can't take a look at your penis or your clitoris or maybe you have a bowl of water. Oh. That's rich. How many people do you think are going to want to be going through that thing and have all these scumbags and it's not like these people are like upstanding. Most of our scumbags are like those scum bags. You know not upstanding like your dog. It may be like going into McDonald's and walking in their water and through there and having them look at you naked and they're all like shortlet and sorry. And look at that. You know just slap each other on a back with his steric alafter. Reach it out and grab it and inch your two. I mean what are we talking about here? For some volunteers were uncomfortable with it. For others it was a whole lot nicer than having somebody pat me down. Well I had that happen when I came back up here. They pat down Neil. Yeah. I take off my belt. I take off my shoes. I have absolutely nothing in any of my pockets. And I happen to have the guy in front of me too and we both go through there and the thing goes off. I have nothing metallic on my body. I have a ballpoint pen that's entirely plastic. There's nothing but the tip and it's too small. What about the plate and your head that you got and that's right. I forgot about that. They still plate my back them and the damn thing goes off and right away now they're going to they sit you down. They have you lift your legs in the air. They didn't have their little magic wand. They stick a deep inside your back them and then they have you get up and you do the airplane spin. So to speak some people really enjoy that. I had a good time. I haven't been in fatty since yesterday. Heather's expecting. We can work it out. But it doesn't make me want to twist and shout. But I'll stick before I'll still change my foot. When this gets grown up I will be dead. Better stop the clown baby whiper. My singing head. Baby McCormy won't use me no rest. I am that much better off than the feet bends. Don't know if the kid will be a singer. Just hope it helps you when it finally comes. What job have ten toes in finger? I think it's my baby McCormy. Your dad is elderly. One new one could just let me. 1146 I'm looking at our bedtime story. They look like the same. Same style ones we hit on our yesterday. I think somebody is on a road to like board up reform school. The road to ruin and board up reform school. If you ask me, I have plain George for all of us. Of course, sure of course. Because you're supposed to be a supervisor. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He comes in 830. The cab comes in. You have to loan him the mind to pay the cab. Which you know, big shot like you know, problem. Yeah. And then from 830 to 940 he's like A wall. He's absent. I'm asking where is Biner boy. What's got all kinds of issues, you know? Yeah. Where was he? Writing around. Doing a social blind and smoking. I presume smoking one. That is the million dollar question. Now is he prone or operated to moment or what? I set you another current picture. No, I don't want to keep looking at pictures. I think you need to go in there and slap around a little bit. For some cold water on his head, slap around. He says incoherent to me. Yeah. Are you working on these stories? Is that conscious? What are you talking about? Why would I kid about a thing like that? He's back in that position again? Different position. No, geez. Well, well, what, what, what could this this? What is this going to accomplish for us? I don't know. I'm a comedy. I am leaving. I'm going to go up to a dominion right now. I'm going to get my 50 Eskimo pies. I'm serious. Cardo. Cardo's. Cardo's. Assel. Peter boy. This has got nothing to do with his laptop. He's using a sitting in there so we can use my computer. Right. Put the bedtime stories out of any sticking in there. He's sleeping at our time. And he's drinking a pastry, a payroll thing. Duck him. Duck him man. Oh man. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's my me, B. Hello. Hello, I don't mind. Pretty good. I need a first of all. These are security guards over there at the airport. Supposedly, who are the cream of a crop. Oh yeah. And I mean, they're from the security industry. They're like the crimd of a crimp, but they're not. No, they are not. They're not all. Be the boy. But it was not. I see the same group falls we had before all of this started. It's the same thing. It's the same people that came through the other company. Same guys couldn't get a job at Wendy's. Yep. And be the boy better watch out. They're going to rate his little box under the overpass. Okay. He got a lot of stuff. Have a great day. That's seriously. I'm like, it'll loss here. It's not not very entertaining for me to keep looking at these pictures of him snoozing. And we're losing. This is a goddamn radio show when you got like a degenerate sitting in there like a lump on a seat. He don't talk about me like that. And he's still sleeping. I don't know. Oh, no, there he is. He's moving. Get him stand up. Get out of the chair. Get up and walk around a little bit. Okay. Walk into the wall a couple of times. This is unacceptable. There he is. Oh, brother. And again, your his supervisor, I bring you 500 percent for this. I think the audience was right. George is getting lame. Really lame. Is he walking around a little bit? No. Sit down. Huh? Are you going to get those bedtime stories up or not? Because we might have to send them to Eric. No. There are 17 stories today. Each and every one of them of major importance. The audience out there is waiting. They're counting on you. They're sitting on the edge of their seats waiting. And the answer is yes. Get women. You asshole. It's obvious. God. See, I agent. This is this is a disgusting story. If it's true. Although we've heard this before, haven't we heard rumors about this? CIA agent met been lawed in July 2001. Not the first time we heard this. Late figure, yesterday, claimed that a CIA agent met a summer been lawed in a Gulf Hospital as recently as July 2001. And received precise information about an imminent attack on the U.S. According to the French Daily, the agent met been lawed while he was being treated at the American Hospital in Dubai for a kidney infection. The agent was subsequently called a Washington. The hospital vigorously denied the report, which is based on a number of sources including French, French, and a hospital administrator. Bin Laden has said to have arrived in the UAE from the Pakistan City of Quinta, accompanied by his personal position for bodyguards in the Algerian nurse. He was visited by family members and leading Saudis. The paper claims he was treated in the Erology Department headed by Dr. Terry Callaway. Bin Laden has said to have severe medical problems and the kidney infection is spread to his liver. The figure claims a mobile dialysis machine was delivered to his cutter or a high-doubt napkinastan in 2000. In a further twist, French-Equid service operators are said to have metaphorsials from the U.S. Embassy in Paris in August after the arrest of Algerian Jammel Bengal in UAE. A French-Equid service report on September 7th, this is in 2001, warned of possible attacks in that the order to act would come from Afghanistan. The figure also says, very precise information on targets for attack was communicated to the CIA. I mean, that's an old story, but again, they're reprinting it because of the obvious implications as in somebody dropped the ball. Just mentioned it in passing. Which of these rules by WQM did you like the most is our poll question that AIMURIGES.com? 321 votes? The OGO's back to 10235. Oh, alright. For our gets the A10 slot 78, MoGit's show back in our 69. 69, Mo. All the crap you could unwrap, all the slime, all the time. No more crew on a Marlon game, 17, Hank loses at our 15 and Mad Dog moves to 2 to 4 up an hour, gooses up 7 votes on that. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah, I got a question for you, um. Why do you like Toronto so much? Well, what does that mean? Why do I like it so much? Because it's a real city. I'm from there originally and people got a chip on the shoulder. No, they don't. People there have a chip on their shoulder and soft foot. I don't need anybody who would have chip on their shoulder. People are friendly. They're polite. It's a great place for real city. What's the light? No, it is. It's a very close-up hall to city and it's a world-class. Then why would you say people have a chip on your shoulder? You should just got through saying they have a chip on your shoulder. Why would you say they're about a, about Americans? You know, when I, when my relatives go come down here, I go up there. It's like, God, how can you live in America? Is that, that, that, and I'm like, yeah. There's only 30 million people in the country. But see, I don't, I don't talk to people about America. When I go to a restaurant, they say, oh, are you American? I mean, just a guy. You know, I mean, that's another way thing is that people here seem to get along. You know, you got people from all the parts of the world. Everybody seems to get along. Well, yeah, that's what I'm saying. Because when I go up there, it's like, all they talk about America. They don't more about America than about Canada. I haven't had anybody talk to me here about America. And I won first. And I've been here almost two years on and off. And I've never had anybody talk to me about America. Really? What happened to so fast and eight is up there about the US? Everything's the US. So you have to love coming down here. Well, because they're an appendage of the US. What do you expect? Because we made them like into a stepchild. The only difference being that it's a hell of a lot more progressive. And they're like moving forward rapidly here and making great strides while the US is taking giant steps backward with Bush. How will they make a holiday beat for rest of the world? And have a great day, sir. If I have to draw a roadmap for you, you know, no wonder they kicked his ass out of here. Okay, probably the custom said, hey, don't come back. And I'd like this guy's going to argue with me. If you don't like it here, don't come back, pal. If you like it in the States, great. If I have to explain the difference between progress, between living in an enlightened country and living in a repressive stone age country, hey, it's hopeless. I'm glad you're happy. And I am too. And I'm especially happy that you're not here no more. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Welcome, you don't like Amsterdam anymore. How come you like Toronto? How come you like fish food? How come you like them climb like score bars? How could I do? Because I feel like it. I'd like that. Like an old-estvan explanation. Here's Miami, hello. You know, well, I'll explain it a little bit to him. Why the hell shouldn't Toronto need to be proud of a wonderful city like Toronto? Right. And, you know, so yeah, Toronto needs no or lot. Canadians in general know a lot about the world in general. Ah, unlike Americans who are very perokula never been anywhere. Exactly. That is the belongs here in Miami. Yes, and he found his level. I'm your my goodness. That call just blew me away. I forgot what the hell I was going to call you about. It's just a serious. That was ridiculous. They don't have a chip. Toronto and you don't have a chip on there. I'm going to tell you something. The one knock on the people here over the years has been to people are too polite. If there's such a thing. I don't after a living in South Florida for so many years. I don't think there's any such thing as too polite. I'm it's a pleasure to find people that are friendly. They hold a door open at say good morning. I have no problem with that. I've never met a Canadian who would keep the chains if they were given too much change back. You know, I could I could mention one, but I don't want to mention his name on it. But that's true. Anyway, I just wanted to make a little comment about the Carlos who I really do like. And I know you. I like him to a lot, but he's he's he's he's I have a feeling that he's spinning out of control and his his supervisor, their George is sitting by and enjoying an amusement watching it happen. Well, you know, the thing is that I know you're an excellent person to work for. And I know that George is extremely loyal to you. He has never a bad word to say about you when you're away. And not extremely loyal and behold and to you. That's how a Carlos told me. Well, so you should have heard the crap off the year. No, not on the years. Not going to sick of that might be monitoring. I got a pod here. I can pop them up anytime. Please. Okay, George is all right. He's got his, but then don't we all have a great day, Pally. You too. Be good. See you around. Yeah, see you pick it up there. And as if we haven't had enough being people picking on us already here with his SARS in the mad cow and a Westile virus. And now we got that big concert July 30th, the free concert for only 2150. But it's going to it's going to a good cause going to charity. The nurses that worked overtime during the SARS thing. It's going to be good. The stones are going to be here and AC DC and whole bunch of people. We just have to prove that nothing is perfect. Justin Tinkerbell, be heard to you. This mark, Morgan, is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 M. Now usually I don't do this, but let me tell you a little bit about the wheels that I drive to work in. Now I'm not trying to be rude, but you can really get screwed by those dealers trying to sell you. You're an automobile brand new. See I don't need the fancy grills. All those new cops man. Inside that my baby 20 years, chicken on those stripped out gears to the horn go. And the horn go. It got a four on the floor. It got a four of its doors, but got a hell of a lot more. It needs a brand new ignition. It got a broken transmission. It got some holes in the body. Got front and rear fenders. It's in leaks like that's none of a gun. But I'm like so water grunters. That's a piece of you know what, did you, but at least it's paid for aha. It's a trouble. I'm at five 60s our gigantic world famous new to one hour. Thank God for being back 10 to two. It's all I can say. And I'm looking at these numbers. Today's send is to made directed to you facts. I facts the whole fact. The X trends. Not a pretty picture. I'll tell you that. Of course these are 12 plus. They mean absolutely nothing. It's impressive. I got like just Zidians and numbers here. All kinds of stations AMFM mobile, Xon, Chevron. You name it. We got it. But it's not a pretty picture. This 12 plus is a no. Morning in the last month in May 2.1 mid days 3.1 afternoon's a 2.2 night times a 1.1 and on a weekend a 1.0. Oh, that's 12 plus which means nothing. Why are we wasting our time with us? I guess we can't get the other demos in the sex trends. Are we wasting it? I guess. Or give me. Or is it just that they're saying this to impress me again that our effects fox sports has a big film on to me and they want to emphasize that again. Which that one does mean something because that's the entire audience 12 plus. I mean there's no hope of them finding where like in men we did good. They just had no diaries. Nobody. They got got young people. They got old people. They don't have men. They don't have women. They don't have dead people. They don't have senior citizens. They don't have anybody because they have a zero. That is remarkable and yeah, that's amazing. It's amazing. You see work on those bedtime stories? I want to be part minute by minute. I want to know what else going on there. These pictures of him leaning over a past that it was amusing the first time. But now you know why do we want to hey, Clarence, why do we want to pay somebody to come in and sleep? You know they QM hotel. Just why not give him a pillow pillow in the sheet works for everybody else. Yeah. Man, oh man, what a hot shot. All of a sudden he gets a couple of paychecks and right off the bed he thinks he's coming in just a snooze and in cruising and schmoozen and smoking and joking. And token. Here's a Sean and Hollywood who says a hardly concur with your list you're recommended the name of the rose. Sean Carrey plays a monk who's kind of an ecclesiastical Sherlock Holmes investigating the brutal murders of younger monks in a remote 15th century monastery, not to be missed our Ron Proman as the heretical demanded hunchback. Sean, this is quite a review man not to be missed. Who speaks English and Italian person portagaci all in the same sentence and even Christian Slater can't ruin the sex scene between the virgiordiong monk Ajul at a filthy but beautiful play upheasant girl. The scene is so horny that you wish you were straight if only for a moment. But why is that I can't look at Christian Slater? If you must. He's out of the table isn't there at all old as his movie. Old. Well in that case he was like young and hung he wasn't that ugly he was just annoying. Right. It was pretty okay. I'd watch. So there you go that's the latest from Sean and Hollywood is chronic but okay 5605060. We had one guy we had one I asked for we never get anyway you know just cross my ass that's the one thing that's the one voter contention that I'll never ever give up on is the fact that these bastards just will not play the game man no matter what it is that I'm asking they don't want I asked for a mail mail that they don't like for real and the reason I did this because I didn't think they're beat now maybe that one guy maybe he's the only one maybe that's possible because I think that he's gone over bigger than god damn Mary Tyler more if you asked me I could be wrong about that I could be totally full of crap I don't think so and we won't find out till the end of July when at June month kicks in there. Also instead of coming in now I'm off will be very nice I realized that you'd like to give us that medical report every morning but during that period of time that we have to bond in the morning which is so such valuable short period of time it'll be a hell of a lot nicer if you'd like tell me what else going on. When that be better if I had like a little business talk instead of thus daily medical report now whatever if there's anybody I just want to hear about stuff so I can give you your home phone I'm reading call up and tell you. Look for the QM fan right now from now to one o'clock at Austin's dive shop in Miami one o'clock 25 five five south dixie highway I bet you may get a sitting there just dying to see a stop I get some free Marlon tickets courtesy of the real estate is from bell so somebody's got to go here's a call from four lotterdale hello you know good news you're okay in the same court throughout the economy law and taxes how come I'm not watching the CNN right now it's on loving a it love it's on a well the the word is right now there's a watch his name Bob Franken had just turned 100 that's finally some good news it was expected but it isn't that a shock uh... yeah I get a I can imagine which three were in the minority the three fascists over there Scalia ranked west and uh... currents are token Thomas from right to three get the three go a zero right but uh... now is the question new office of the report and the right privacy in the home would it affirm or overturn its own nineteen eighty six rule which upheld the Georgia law banning sold me all together or with the justice's limit their new decision to the taxis statute that only bansotty between home a sexual in nineteen ninety eight to Houston and were arrested briefly jailed and fine two hundred dollars when they were caught in a sexual act by police who crashed into their bedroom investigating what turned out to be a false burglary report set up a stop stop was the word your head's room sorry you can listen to that i just uh... wondering now if you don't go to the river rate right by my mom what do you say river rate for my mom and i don't know something about that i don't want to hear from a more more than so uh... how to like that the supreme court said it's uh... and that's why the taxis law public health public moral system family research council there's another one was crazy right wing or religious nuts but it's homophobic bill-cran it is written to our mom sure he's like full minute the mount he's probably been down on all fours right now here is the story let me printed out when it up printed out okay all this computer's driving me nuts so the guy to call before allegedly uh... was from terano but is love it down there now here's another classic example for here is two thousand three and they're finally the supreme court had the balls finally distract on these archaic side of the laws okay well we got gays flocking here from all over the world of it married now and while they're decriminalizing marriage a witty and i put in people in jail for a couple of uh... pin joints how are they making strides so you live in a stone age man and believe me like the other guy said you found your right level so flow to perfect for you just look at being a boy there gets slanted the god damn must uh... slimmer just because he happened to be drive what adolescents hit somebody uh... in the middle of the street was on a wrong side of the road drunk stone out of his mind i mean you know what kind of excuses that to put somebody in jail right here's the story supreme court's right now or you're waiting out good how you don't the time i guess not to go from what from what we're gonna have to get him a new computer how much of that thing cost those are expensive those laptops yeah i don't know what you're now good for one that's uh... nice of my and her a lot of the night it yeah but i see i'm i i don't know whether we should get you on because you everything you touch price anyway that's the point like his brand you can give them a brand new one out of the box and buy a six o'clock tonight you call you or do you the damn thing blew up how does your computer blow up how does that happen when you stuff it with firecrackers and then uh... like the fuse more so i can charm every time it's what Harry said how's my reading anything variance coming back come on my reading come on down in North Carolina see how her is doing the Supreme Court struck down a Texas man on day sex today while at the law was an unconstitutional violation of privacy the justice is voted six to three and striking down the Texas law saying in violated do process guarantees the petitioner's or entitled respect for their private lives just as Anthony Kennedy wrote for the court's majority the states can not be mean their existence or control their destiny by making their private sexual contact a crime gay rights advocates immediately held the system our religious conservatives of course bigoted assholes right wing bible thumping hate mongers it uh... condemned it's an historic day for gay american said Ruth Harlow of the land illegal defense education fund a gay rights group representing the two Texas men i think americans will be celebratory about this decision or maybe celebrate the ruling reverses in eighty six high court ruling upholding state any saturday laws Kennedy wrote their homosexuals have the full right to engage in their conduct without intervention the government you go boy the case that we know about that gay rights advocates are you the law of above a very strong ruling that we all as individuals whether gay or straight had liberty to choose who will love and how will do that in the privacy of our homes harlow said the court is just catching up with americans society which is already recognized gay people's equal liberty equal humanity and the court issued a very powerful decision itself organizing that humanity in addition which what she left out is that all americans at least anybody with a brain don't want to go to the government in their bedroom but the ruling immediately do fire for my spokesman for a religious conservative group the national clergy counsel the court has said today that morality matters of right and wrong behavior do not matter in the law said to Reverend rob schneck shank one of the group's founders that's an underbinding of our concept of justice in this country said the Texas case already is into the national political debates stood by may comments from a senator rickson to remember the sense republican leadership sent from set of the justices overturned the Texas law then you have the right to be gamete you have the right to polygamy you have the right to insist you have the right to adultery you have the right to anything in his case even have the right to be an asshole okay here the people who voted in favor of this decision okay striking down that sottamy law justice down Paul Stevens David suitor roofed again's brigand steven brire and of course Kennedy justice sand with a o'Connor agreed with the outcome of the case but not all of kinne's rationale and what did i just say that is last caller he said who you think the three were who voted against it chief justice witty and rink was just as is antonin scalli escalia and clearance Thomas descended scalli a said the court is largely signed under the so-called homosexual agenda he also took the unusual step of reading his descent from the bench the court is taken sides in the culture war scalli is in adding that he has nothing against homosexuals ha ha ha ha ha great oh my god anton in scallia you understand to this stop all things track of everyone yeah we understand not to basted never let's see in the x-axis yes i'm sure you do don't we all are we all remember uh-huh hunts was that his name hunts see twelve minutes past no it's five sixty w q m so how do you like that this so week all sorts of stuff is going on and the bushes in the right wing supporters like it in the uh... slapped any ass art they back though yeah slapped around a little bit about to spread of the three uh... soft-up but it not sees that they got i will even put them in but they love them and fight well and now they put him in they put him in there was thinking about that yesterday about that day that last day of the county remember when they were coming to vote again after the florida supreme court said uh... start to vote count to vote and they said stop the vote as soon as it started margins starting to get in like really raise your head cut it out stop vote now the real the real winner might win and look what we got now look what we got now they stood right there in broad daylight all those lunatics let us in let us in right there in date county okay people ought to be ashamed of yourselves and happen right there is usual all the crap all the time all the crap you can unrap all the slime all the time you got it mo that's our florida home of one embarrassing episode after the other twelve thirteen and five my can little work out little bit thanks anyway that color for giving you a heads up on it because i was uh... i was not watching soon and i try to avoid as much as possible by now you've been heard about lamina terus i'm sure and about how lamina would flooring from lamina terus is the easy the intelligent the inexpensive low maintenance alternative natural wood flooring lamina terus is the best place to find lamina wood flooring from all the top names in a business period or pergo will send art uniform and quips deb they got all the top names all installed by pergo certified in stonors here's another reason why she called lamina terus their prices will absolutely florida right now you can get there's summer special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks that's correct just nineteen hundred ninety five dollars for up to three hundred eighty square feet a beautiful lamina wood flooring it is positively unbeleivable lamina terus will match any legitimate written offer to if you'd like a free in home estimate no obligation at all call lamina terus toll free at one eight seven seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six what could be easier free carpet uh disposal free furniture moving at twenty five year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring call lamina terus today be sure to tell me that ancient crusty old uh adolescent kneel for to call one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six we're supposed to be a five six two a yeah hey I'm a little iron full of gay romance they wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants some drenched up to bottom every day blessed with the miracle of being gay the very best of the biggest in the USA giving big big pleasure in a big big way the very best of the biggest in the USA giving big big pleasure in a big big way just a big wish to just a field queen new choice of the bags of America okay twenty ten a big day for bags all over America of course here in Canada we've had big days for weeks now and beyond that and anyway uh just got your latest picture of very very sad commentary on what's going on that studio there it's it's uh scandalous yeah did you get the other story that I just passed you being a boy the one to add about the Supreme Court struck it out the Texas Sodomy law and I said be sure to add this on her stone at being her yes you did good was he just making vegetable sounds now he's up and up and run and run let's hear even more is up and run and run okay a lot of people out there in the audience were very concerned for them they thought maybe he was on a way out to an early demise probably because George gave us some really tainted bed crap which was surprising don't think that on the happen I bet you've been known to do this before okay he was starting a little bit too big for his bridges starting to like expand the horizons he was after your job and right off you know right off the bed he comes in this morning and you like slip my little something and I know that's what he was outside smoking you're not fooling me okay yeah I'm a times that I ask you this morning where is that man you were like by me but I know about a beat by the boob that he's out there looking most asked or something or our cleaning his pee bag I don't know what you were talking about George I that look like cab driver to go to my house right I said that cab to Danny that's what it was that packy driver he was packing it well that's good that the clearance came in and slipped a little Mickey while you were taking that man five six seven all he calls it every yeah he calls it Mickey everybody's got a name for Peter really 12 nineteen at five sixty WQM on a really bizarre Thursday boob tell you this not if we got in any word from our programming no no no no well one is this gonna happen already one are they gonna get off the pot make a decision today is the 26th of June last time I checked I'm all my this day when he Supreme Court said oh guess well we can't ever send to our picking in your bedroom which is nice but on the other hand we'd like to find out what else gonna happen to in fact it's not after next week right right and then we start with at the I do Tuesday and Thursday all along thinking why not how bothered doing that you know sure forget for a while on there from eight to noon eight to two eight to two here's the call from highly as probably a venerable is parole officer here highly hello highly uh oh uh not there well it's too bad you know we did it around for a long time now you're gonna have to be patient what else you're gonna do for crying our lives besides bake there's nothing going on there God talk about impatient the same old crap man if you don't get to him like within two seconds a week I'll have time for you five six seven oh five sixty and you notice to be spots I had about people admitting about the food bingers I had to one right talking donuts that was it the piker these people got fed they they went to bed one night looking like Karen Carpenter woke up the next day looking like Dom Deloys it's amazing you know it was like some kind of an active god that made him fed they heard me talking about fish food on here and without even eaten any all of the same balloon up like somebody stuck on bicycle pump up their hands what is wrong with you people North Miami Beach hello hey new yes sir have to go and I got to pick out for you okay good okay I know you don't like seafood but I do I love it and specifically raw oyster oh yeah okay you're gonna like this um I have a few friends that share my passion also so oh yeah they're great but we do as we go we we go about like once a week once every other week we have a week all of our oyster origin we're basically we hit the all the we hit the I can eat raw bars and we just we have a contest on how many oysters we can eat you know we'll go to Emma Coast they got pretty good oysters over or shells anyway one night I'm not sure but how many we've put down between three of us but I know me myself I've put down are you ready nine dozen raw oysters oh my god that's 108 you wait yes I did nine dozen they're so good though so yeah that's my pick-up oh well I feel better now I think it's grow test I think one is better enough but nine doesn't just make all I guess after the first couple slide down what difference doesn't make you know you did exactly thanks a lot palmy hey you're new yes in closing this is what we say when we're done when we're done eating you eat this shut me shut me eat new raw okay it isn't gonna eat it raw five six seven all the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time oh five sixty five five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line he's got a lot of homework to do for that dolphin season then he got a lot of busy busy work to take here plus he's got to get that bag we've finished before the season starts I wonder what it smells like I've been to dolphin both I have to ask the mad dog next time you know although he's pretty he just gives me the hand yeah probably the stick is stick at hand like that is natural I bet it smells like old spice like old you three hundred ninety seven votes under pull which of these moves by WMD you like the most the yoko's back to ten to two oh hundred sixty two forty one percent are ecstatic with ten to two and so on I'm be side by each for all you see to ten slot ninety six that's for now don't forget city like magazine dot com read the big story this week a lot of Scott for real we've only had one guy calling saying that guy was yeah a lot of boring side it was okay with a little low key mo get shut back in our 81 Hank loses in our twenty seven I think that's a little bit of a shot isn't it yeah why do you why do you revel in it why don't reveling airbie chance yesterday you were denying that you have a bug up your ass about Hank he's a good friend I like Hank I want to I like you when every home you're a fan I like you know you're enjoying he's not really made a funny line Hank no I didn't make a funny line so I'm a fantastic of course that's a fun start I know that now it's been a voice during the go in and slap you on the side of the head come on it's just real hard three or four times like whether with a close fist Hank loses in our twenty seven no more crow on Marlon broadcast twenty three and a mad dog boasts in two to four eight out of three hundred ninety nine votes when to verge of four hundred and seven twelve thirty yet that's not too bad considering the fact that bina boys been asleep half of the show how I'm going to check the bed time stories right now and I'm going to tell you I'm going to my home page I'm going to check the bedtime stories if the first one I'm going to expect all of them because there's like 18 now would be additional one I just sent was that one should be first of course so that Dennis can see it all I heard Dennis from Candle this morning called me didn't mention my name nice going Dennis you ask all first time I think I ever the road to cover up is the road to ruin that's the same one we had yesterday isn't it that's the same story that's been festering that spot on our website for like twenty four hours that doesn't appear to be going anywhere that's the only place by some of those great new importance stories that I fact you guys this morning absolutely correct how do you like that anytime table when we're going to get the show on a road here sweetheart stories already changed it's just that I don't upload it after every story I make a big talk upload what I have now is about you said you sound so incoherent that there should be a log in so you you need what he's ill okay yeah notice no kidding what you need to be in the on a hospital or something you need to be like in the asylum already was you need to be one of those places where Harry's hanging out with the song yeah well with the nice police officers that help you yeah carry along don't start cutting yet just right at the back to well you know instill if you're a god in them little bit no more excuses no more no more you know what you're becoming you're becoming a sad sack you know what that means I'm sure that that expression is passive just like me but you're becoming a sad sack nobody wants to be a sad sack do they know don't be a sad sack okay butcher up a little bit pick your head up there stick that stuff in a computer okay yes sir so for a couple of times and get with it those people you know you're gonna know yeah that's right instead of this moping around moping around they honest don't want to hear mopey dopy uh crap they want to hear somebody that's like a live and alert like me like Scott that's what they want check it out that's it and by the way George is gonna be doing all a fill-in shows this week summer in Scott for else voice right all right I'm telling he's great to an advice the rest of time he blows but man do an advice in fact what you think about the thing is for else fill-in in on that show but it's really gonna be George doing for real although he probably have to bend on a lot there is quite a height difference between that pair hurricane seasons here before storm hits you put up shutters protect the windows doors of your home of course but what about the roof of your house the so may paint factory makes roof mastica roof coating that can up your hurricane proof your roof so may's roof mastics save literally hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew while on protected roofs were peeding off and flying away all over the place so may's also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever invented called a so may paint factory at 305 633 6333 the so may paint factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufactured in the entire state so may's gonna save you a lot of money because they eliminate the middleman markup they sell to everybody it wholesale prices there are 60% lower than what you pay for the same financial brands and retail stores so protect your home and property from software stuff brutal tropical climate with the best paints of waterproof coatings at unbeatable prices call the so may paint factory a 305 633 63 33 or find them on the web at so may dot com so may weigh so what is it so may weigh okay is that right next to a mike miarsway so may dot com you save money when you buy directly so may paint factory be sure to tell them that new total to call 305 633 63 33 you've got it out your you pay yeah well the fact it's a community on the investigations of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is now in session has always due to the majority by the Republican party I will share this session I recognize the Democratic Senator from Florida it seems to me that the weapons of mass destruction in fact do not exist in Iraq and we're a false pretense for preemptive action as substantiated by the time is up chair calls the vote all those who believe Saddam had weapons say aye Opposed the ice have a three two moving on wait Several US inspection teams and thousands of soldiers have been searching for 11 weeks to happen found anything more than All those who believe they need more time to find the WMD The ice have a three two moving on. We'll do respect Mr. Chairman the president wouldn't give the UN inspect as more time Why should we extend the deadline for our expect all the vote all those who no longer want to Listen to the big mouth liberal Post the ice have a three two moving on it is undemocratic. I'm entitled to speak All those in favor of ending this session and turning on Fox news for the O'Reilly factor Opposed the ice have a three two turning on this is ridiculous I'm leaving I'm taking this to the American holding on favor of taping the unpatriotic left winger to a seat Opposed the ice have a three two taping down can't do this. Hey, this is illegal What if I have to go to the best part of all on favor of leaving the French letting his home Freak to what himself well I have a three two moving on 23 at five 60 WM as we move on five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and team rise of wireless line Here's a lady and they'll read be chill. Hello. Yes, man. How you doing? I'm great. How are you? Okay? I'm from Toronto Really? How's it going? It's going good I'm back in two days. Are you in Toronto right now? I sure am you are I'd love to take you out to the best dim sum restaurant really And I actually have someone I might like to fix it up with as well. No, I'm telling you no He's hot. No, no 31 degrees right now. We got a heat wave yesterday It was 95 yesterday It's been like 90s three today, but then for the next the six seven days after this 75 77 every day. It's gonna be beautiful. You're coming back just in time. I know It's hotter here. Oh, yeah hot and humid hot and humid and I'm painting and you're gonna drive back up I'm driving back on Saturday morning on the home Sunday night. I'll see you customs That was a bad story coming over here. They almost didn't let me in really Yeah, I thought I was moving in or something I think you were bringing like a box of SARS Probably they didn't even ask me and I had been a day in hospital two days before two things They don't like smuggled in cigars and SARS cigars and SARS right Are you interested? No, not at all not an lease. But listen have a great travel safe trip Where are you in Toronto? I'm a somewhere between the lake and and Mrs. Saga I've been listening to for years and years. I love you. I'm going to take you out Give me your calls sweetheart. Call me when you get back. Thanks. Bye Oh my don't these people understand it's a radio show. No, they don't get it She sounded very nice. I'm glad she's listening. I hope she enjoys the show I don't want to go to dim sum, okay? I mean didn't to me the only dim I know was it like clockwork orange Right and George I don't I don't do dim sum. I do uh, Eskimo. I mean climb like bars Now, what is this that somebody holding it for a while? Oh, we got an add in new times. Yes. All right We're actually publicizing for route which is good Scott for rail What does that say here does something OD can't not serve you as cute Scott for our Sports Radio 560 8 to 10 a.m. Weekdays and they do lie second new times obviously a trade up But we'll take it and so will he why is it that people can't take no for an answer? I mean, it puts me like in this squary position. I'm not gonna like you follow what I'm saying? No Yes, you do Oh So on your fault, I know you and that children how to like what we've got in your house All your fault you to want to made it What did I say in your couple weeks ago? Dr. Frankenstein you invented the monster and I was out of control and I just dropped your arms well, I know I had underdo it What we what we do beat him up a little bit or things like computer dammit. I'll do that your computer is not the problem Okay, you've got a wonderful computer sitting there right there brand new out of the box Which I spent the chickens in my heart are dollars on just so we can have a good piece of equipment. What's the problem with that? Nothing oh, but I either reload a software. It's kind of a little bit different so catching up. Yeah, you're catching up all right We've got balls five 60 WCM. We're gonna add D also in the new times. I bet there's a whole series of these come aren't there Are you facting these to me or they come from someplace else in the building? Oh, both oh But they would back them to us elsewhere in the building. They've got stuff to the box. I passed them along. Oh great. We've got balls How do you like that Donna Shaleala? Oh, it doesn't say you am on there. What a pussy man That was one of the most embarrassing episodes in there been so many in our tenure at QAM Donna Shaleala It's a phone call or a letter or whatever and she should of course consider the source anyway, but she gets a letter And right away, oh, well, we don't want to you will ever associate with that. That's disgusting We demand that you take the U.M. Logo off that billboard. We've got balls And of course we all know that the U.M. I'm doesn't have any balls. So what's the big surprise? Okay, you know at least she's consistent. Okay, boo, hey, man Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello Yes, sir. How you doing, babe? Pretty good nice to talk to you again. Better off Good show today. I gotta say the website has been totally kicking blood. Oh, yeah For real wait to you wait to hear about the new guy. We're gonna get to do the website guy that has own computer I think for our course team like it's just breathe a little life into your building over there And a little life. It's like we we were on life support before they brought this guy Okay, we were like gasping for oxygen they screwed up the line up. They moving back to nine We were dying we were following a hostile old man and now all of a sudden we got a life back It's like being over a second chance and the thing about for real, too, which is Awesome is that you and him are pretty much the hockey authorities and it's my son Somebody out there who weighs in and actually knows what they're talking about for the you know for the few hockey friends that you have down here and you do have a good point because even oh gilding knows this stuff the fact is he's so intimidated by Moe He's terrified even mentioned a word so I love the way I love the way you rip him and that's Moe The clown is the shizzness. I love it And I bet you he did too well Neil Nice to talk you again and when you leave I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do okay. We'll go off for some dinner some how do you like that? Okay, see you The whole thing Okay, you got a man thank you for a second. Say goodbye 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T everybody seems to be a pretty good mood to there I think except for being a boy who's all the sorts Now I asked you a question before about how much it would cost to get him a nice new a laptop and you like but it be better I said I don't want to run I don't want full crap. I just want a number. I'm hard How much I paid a grant for mine, but he might want one that's better Oh Right some bare bones laptop like I bought will do for him. Why did you contact our friend there that has all the good stuff Whatever that guy David was that his name yeah, or don't we deal with him anymore? I don't know if he can beat the deal that I got where did you get it? That's by with a rebate. I told you about it And best buy you want to come out of computer and best buy it some price searching for about a week Now I'm assuming this isn't one that they had to get up on the ladder and get cuz you'd still be there waiting What was behind a cage, but I called the head oh I made reservations he made reservations I really did I did most people make reservations to restaurants But when you shop at best buy for computer have to make reservations like a month in advance to make sure you get your online for that big ladder They got the guy's name had a meat meat grade. Well, so let's get one. I'll take care of it. How do we do that? I'll get it you right me check You got the cash I got a card No problem. I'll even mail it from here. How do you like that? I either worry what put tears? What? I'm gonna get you a new loud real good one now. Let me just tell you I want the audience to hear this. Okay If this blows up, if it gets stolen, if it gets lost if it gets confiscated by the highway police at that point I'm gonna say If it's an hang itself Five words five words. I'm gonna have for being a boy at that point. It's been nice knowing you Although that would be a lie at that point if that happened you got it Got it. I don't want to play a bunch boss, but you do a great job on a website But your life seems to be coming unraveled and I think we need to draw the line on the sand today Get you a fresh dark into a nice new laptop a real real good one the audience deserves it They loved the bedtime stories those will not kill larger than their penis or clue the risk or whatever I'm still I don't know I mean she was a very nice lady and she's listening for a long time But why do people do that to me? I'm not gonna like tell her where I am or give her my address or go to a dinner with strangers or in seven eight Her huh what oh She's I think the audience is very confident about that last part and so am I well you have a turkey based or do you know? Yes, I sure do it's got its own thermometer too It's real hot it pops right up. Yeah 1242 at five 16 wqn hey, it's a neo Rogers fourth of July blowout sale from our good close personal buddies Tom Lin and Joe Prieto and Hall of Pontiac GMC I never realized until last night when I got a fast from Bob Eisenberg just how much I knew they love me But boy, they love me like even more than that lady at Hall of Pontiac you have no idea They're obsessed here's Neil the oh number one for it. Hall it right now. Get yourself zero percent financing for 60 months on every 23003 Pontiac or GMC in stock the yield the number two get up to a $4,000 rebid and every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock Curated former military personnel listen closely get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Hall it right now Neil the number three least a new 2004 Grand Prix what is it the Pontiac Grand Prix GT one like I said for as low as 209 bucks a month It's a 36 month least the folks at Hall it will give you all the details and Neil the number four now Get an additional 500 bucks off some of the most popular GMC models including the envoy the Yukon and Denali right now through the fourth and July weekend Plus the GMC toolkit is yours while the supplies last now at Hall of Test of Vehicle for 24 hours take it home Take it to work take up being a boy in it. That's not a bad idea How that potty xgmc the same great location they've been doing people great deals for 35 plus years It's one 3401 South Dixie highway that's US one right across the street from the falls open every day seven days a week For more info on any of these deals call the Neil deal hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven no forget all Neil deals Subbed to credit approval. See our friends at Hall of Fort details. You'll agree with me make no mistake Aborted Hall of Pontiac GMC is Professional great Winiel five sixy two You That's a nice my sir mr. Mouse What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? We're just doubting locations Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me But sir, we've done what New York City Times Square point out I can see anyone Reem it Put all the vacuum cleaner remas get the blue burn all of here. Okay, boss I sir, but sir look what we don't admit down Manhattan forty second treat is incredible I know what publicly I supported that but you took all the point away. You're telling me I'm going through a gamma scom like pets We're just scouting areas calm down One of the butt months don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with we low-instead to 128 million dollars No, you're trying to ruin the whole minute work. We're kind of programming are you running? Hang on a minute Hey, much You're got blue burn crap all over your shoulder Wait yourself up for heaven sake And can't all the more you win Good god sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good god you're still running James bomb movie. There's 60 years old Why don't you just put steam butt wheeling on and be done with it? They say I'd make a couple of damn dollars Well the movie division fine you mentioned wheelo and stitch it now. We have the new M9 chumma on movie coming Elated on the summer signs what the hell does that mean stop sign yield sign? You're gonna start swinging some of these titles past me. Please Remus Remus I know you can hear me Remus yes Oh the bottom clear Yes, I'm gonna run the next year I'm gonna hear Remus and take that blue bear with us All right Pfizer Yes, or I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done with you. What about them? Prop on hand or storm in your job? But sir, you're terrible Up to her. They didn't have poor limits in there. I'd do anything prison and it is a remiss What a wonderful day Get on an area not bad Good good. From 49 11 to 1 at 560 WCM. We got our big one to two hour coming and we got the mad dog In the studio Jim managed to the forehankers. We want to show at the seminal Indian gaming in Hollywood 4 to 615. Let's hear that view Oh my god I'm not gonna see too much because there's spending money on the station again so I don't want to get hank into a you know a bucket of crap all you probably would But not necessarily that day that was a day to remember remember that movie in a fair to remember This was a day to remember it'll go down in the emails of broadcast experience Our appearance at the seminal Indian Hollywood casino in a Uniful Hollywood still in boat and whatever 441 and it wouldn't have been the same without electric wheelchair man Notking the chairs over trying to get to see you. Oh, yeah, let me spin the wheel one more time here we go Oh my god, the the oldest person there the youngest person there was like 98 Get not counting us. I was gonna say the oldest was death plus 10 here's for waterdale. Hello It is sir, got a question for you and didn't some country okay? They got the sense out here up there How come 40 people died or 30 days from star? What does that mean how come people how come people die from pneumonia? Oh, and that's it Nobody's died that's what I'm saying we're so close I thought they out there so Good there or whatever Think me you know what it is it's like saying how come people died in a in a Taiwan from it? It was just a look of the draw that's all somebody got it over there and came here and brought it here And by the time they were trying to get a cap on it it was already spread to a four hospitals. That's why In addition to which do we really believe that nobody in the US is died from stars do you believe that? Yeah, I don't You think people have I want you to look up something on the internet Okay, go do a Google search of pneumonia three okay, and the fourth definition of it is SARS severe acquired a respiratory whatever it is Thanks for look look at up pneumonia three I wouldn't say the health care is great in fact they didn't Toronto that's one of the Offshoots of the way they handled the whole SARS thing. They're forming at the mouth about it. They didn't handle it right Oh I never told you that health care here was great. I mean they have socialized medicine They got health care for the public which is more than I can say about the state But to say that it's great. I never would say to that Just Did up there once on vacation and just a lot of Chinese people are there for you know Getting into that area. Yeah, I get to have a lot of people going back and forth maybe Sir, sir, there was one person who came here from China that had SARS when did a hospital with it and that's where it came from It wasn't in the child. Oh, I don't I can't handle it. I can't take it just like Mike Myers said it's just it's frustrating I mean what's the point? I mean we make up the death rate in any other category you name it In addition to which the thing that's the big good topic here right now is the guns the enormous number of guns that are being imported from the good old USA and Resulting a number of increased number of murders And violent crimes been committed with guns that are being imported across the border You know again, I'm not here for the Canadian chamber commerce. They Toronto were Ontario chamber commerce You live where you like it and I live most of the time where I like it which is not in South Florida Forget about it He here's like I'm making some kind of a pitch for the chamber here or like a SARS relief pitch. I'm not doing that. Stay where you are Stay where to help you are 567.0560. Oh, I will say you know I had that thing here. Remember when I had to get my prescription? Yes, and I went to a free clinic. That wasn't free was like oh, it's free for Canadians and not Canadian citizen And I got the I went to see the doctor. I told him about situation because they won't take American prescriptions And he wrote me to prescription. He said to me how many do one I told him I've been taken it for a long time I brought him the empty bottle. How many do one Robert heard of an American doctor. See how many do you want because the American doctor is want to have you keep coming back and back and back Just to write you the prescription so many of them And I told him what I wanted he writes me the prescription. I go on. I said how much do you know? 35 bucks Canadian which at the time was like a size of 21 bucks 21 bucks That's incredible. It is incredible and of course keep in mind a Canadian people were in there They were paying nothing because they had their health card But God forbid we should do that God forbid everybody in America should have health care God forbid that they drug companies should stop being able to rape the goddamn public Now we don't want to stop that because that's all commerce man Commerce 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line It Canada sure is hell is not perfect. They almost take about that they got a real inferiority complex I've put it that even before I came here. It's it's sad And they shouldn't have one because they're light years ahead of the US in terms of the their social attitudes and terms of a whole bunch of different things Terms of the way they treat each other in terms of the way they view each other But it's the American way baby Where the best where the biggest and the best and if you don't believe us Your brains out just to prove it to 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line 1908 people are most excited about a school back to tend to too. Oh, that's here it You might as well do well. I got that thing there Might as well click over here. I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you now that we're getting you that brand new computer Give me but I will say this if we ever see you sleeping again Everybody go to neo-wargers.com and take a look at bina boy. Yeah, really hard at work I really wanted to take that picture down No, that's that's one of those that's permanent just like the Let's see here's the first bedtime story the road to cover up is the road to ruin Now I can be wrong George because I am old and feeble, but isn't that the same one that we are Absolutely, I can't read the daytime. I went to night school. I can Now at what point is since it is like one o'clock now, I what point can we express a new one to start popping up our very famous and in much demand website Sixy sails and even though it is only Thursday I don't want to start anticipating for the weekend again, but this Saturday and Sunday Are we gonna have like Unless you get arrested again, are we gonna have like new bedtime stories on there for the audience this weekend? So so that if we're not they don't have to waste their time looking yes. We have new new stories and new new toys Absolutely new toys for them to play with okay great In fact, maybe that that banana shaped the dildo that for I was talking about maybe we can stick one of those on here George one bar of all years I'm using it 1256 60 w qa m I guess double be needing that huh? I guess they sure opened him up yesterday, huh? But good he said they had a team of proctologist like scope and around in there But linking I'm not talking about look at I'm talking about like traveling around you know like in that What was the movie when they like went into the journey to the center of the earth was that the one with Where they were like inside the human body? Oh, that one that was the fantastic voyage right fantastic voyage Where they were like going through the capillaries and through the old repum Wow Man, oh man a shove it's in the capillaries and the ducted say still got one in there Well 57 at five 60 I'll tell you what you want to have in your mouth right now and that's all you might it's good for you I pop it in my pussy every day for my blood pressure and they've got products for all kinds of different things All you might saw feels contained the finest olive oil on this globe not just ordinary olive oil But super concentrated load without kinds of good stuff for you All you might every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol There are 14 different oleomet formulas you can choose from each one combining the best olive oil with vitamins and minerals Urbos to support different parts of your health from your bones There's one for your blood pressure that I'm taking and one for your immune system and lots more Just use the formulas is the right for you and what you need now there are three new oleomet formulas Want to help you sleep on to help you control that Disgusting weight and sell Q10 for your heart seven count them seven clandike score bars and each one was delicious Pick up oleomet at public's Eckers Walgreens Whole Food Markets Navarra's and Sadhana's order Adon line at oleometamerica.com for more information calm tool free at one eight six six oleomet that's one eight six six six six five three 60 63 pop some oleomet in your push today It's Darthilin better right away Wait Oh my favorite Republican this is Madras and it's time for the skills they are floating It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two hours Hey, dude are you smelling if I'm smelling there's no telling Ellen they're eight no smelling Where my feet are dwelling that's because these hip cockatians are wearing doctors small's other eaters Yo, are you smelling if I'm smelling lock me up like a feeling my feet used to be smelling like rotten melon So if you took away if your eyes were to start well and people worry Belly until I stop smelling Dr. Small's odor either in souls are the best way to stop food odor and the best way to rip off our gelin ads yo, killing are you smelling No, I'm not smelling Man you are so smelling when it comes to smelling you're Excellent the reasons for you to stop smelling are compelling Dr. Small's odor eatery in souls available at your local drug store That's where they're selling you'll never believe what I just found out. I give up the road to cover up is the road to ruin Yeah, did you did you know that I did know that well For anybody who didn't know that that's our first bedtime story on the arroggies.com And our website right now didn't he say it was gonna be like 60 seconds not that I'm trying to be pushy But it is like after one o'clock is You see a sleep again no Oh my god, this is so perfect you know it's so typical of what goes on a QM everything you try to we did the poor yesterday They majority of the audience likes this stuff. I didn't say you a whole bunch of crap early this morning about eight I'm 30 and and here it is water clock and it better be better but about better but and he's pushing buttons and shoveling it and sticking it and I do have a couple of bedtime series that are important enough for me to read you know yeah I'm making a part of the fresh we get a chance to see if it'll work now oh you sound so morbid so depressed I'm gonna jump off the balcony just because I'm gonna put you in the check-up oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh look at that there it is all right I knew we could do it I know our little genius in in the resin the whatever the hell I call that what did they call it? not job, Chucky. record industry is to to sue uh song what is that say song down loader that's bizarre headline but anyway there it is and we're just don't say we didn't warn you okay all you people that are sharing files there you better like do something okay did they tell us it was nice to share yeah well everything but that you can share but not stuff that belongs to somebody else embedded reporters role in army units uh actions question but okay excellent very good be no boy he's got it oh we apologize for being very slow but I'm gonna send him a check for like about 20 grand and we're buying a computer remember the old the first computers that Unifak know you wouldn't I saw those movies oh my god those things were like the size they had to have a whole room yeah they had boards like it like TV sets used to have those big tubes like like our transmitters got final tubes those big clunky old things they had gigantic tubes in them like both has tubes we're not not that big oh and they don't smell that bad are you picking on Mulligan all the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time I can't wait for the announcement to be made official for hours six to 10 a.m. more Howard on the uh well here's to be in the dolphin games in the updates he's gonna drive down from Boca every morning to do the sports updates and the beast will have a stopwatch just to make sure they don't go too long you're all very mild experts said to tell legislators he was pressed to the store some evidence of very disturbing story a top state department expert on chemical and biological weapons told congressional committees and a closed or hearing last week that he had been pressed to tailor his analysis on Iraq and other matters to conform with the Boca administration's views several congressional officials said yesterday the house described what they said was a dramatic moment at the house intelligence committee hearing last week when the web expert came forward to tell congress he had felt such pressure by speaking out they said the scene of intelligence expert identified by several officials as Christian Westerman became the first member of the intelligence committee on active service to make this sort of admission the members of congress I do like that he told lawmakers last week without while he felt pressure he never actually changed the wording of it is intelligence reports he didn't immediately provide lawmakers with the tells about his complaints it remains uncertain they've agreed to which is concerned related to a rack or other regional issues how do you like that apples huh so there you go the whole story is on our website on a very fancy fancy website near rages dot com a buto I don't forget about our fourth and final hot couples contest and we picked the dates for this year you got the counter there right right look at July the second Monday in July is what third fourth the fifth six and 14 okay so July 14 will be the date that will have the pictures up on our website and then July 21st will be the day we give away the prizes okay same prices before the trips to the Bahamas and and Jamaica to he he'd nism two or three in Jamaica and the third prize dinner for two at the pizza law so we already have what we have two now we have a pair yes I can't enter right I can't enter I turn to go to sleep yeah we had let me ask you this how what if I do that okay and just on I mean what if I just sit here like you know and not often it's here it's very comfortable here got this nice expensive chair that I bought you placed that gold green uh... relic the bob uh... removed wheeled in the here got falsely for paint your toenail right now that first day that I've been show from here yeah what about the big green share that they shoved in here yeah yeah yeah but like the love and I was sitting on my nuts for four hours I thought when I got up I thought I was gonna like die I thought I was it I mean everybody likes crushed nuts under sunday but crushed nuts uh... on the chair is not a good idea it was bad love eating nuts yeah eat this well actually not this but it's got the same for letters feast eat that yeah this just rearranged the letters you'll figure it out like moe you'll figure it out okay first one right most absolutely July for we got a couple entries already the hot couples in the you start sending him into the arrages dot com okay contest at your writers dot com contest in your as a matter of fact that you're going to fancy website are we ready is it ready to do something probably not all received those pictures probably not but but I was still still June still June because I know if you click on it like I'm doing right now it just nothing and those people that like to use that address as uh... for any other purpose they get blackout three words for okay forget about it they get blocked in ignored and does so right we don't do e-mails if we did e-mails on a show we'd have thousands of every day most of our crap anyway and and you know and there might be some good ones but we just that we don't have the time or the desire or the inclination to weed through thousands and thousands of emails and a bunch of baby shmit so that we can find a couple of good uh... you know some we might be interested in it like padding for gold at the beach exactly here's plantation hello for all six to ten with soon with soon no more no that guy's adamant man he will not take no no he will not take more for an answer no more just relax pali these things will happen ok just like it said that the city times article city link whatever the thing is shmitty link that was pretty blatant you know it's like it's like he's coming right out in campaigning for six to ten and you know it's gonna happen just a matter of time and the meantime was there like pretending to be in denial what is he gonna do that yeah you're right all of you that he balls he would just a yeah i i know you well what my job you want to come in here give a job you missed a hot shot but now i'm gonna that you know by my own i got a contract that i'm gonna continue showing up and if you push too hard i'll get you a contract it says whichever version for real believe someone could easily envision a scenario on which is show us swallows two more hours and i'm sure he swallowed plenty of interesting things in his life but it says in which he shows swallows two more hours if you're qa m how do you hold back up a motor so terrorist and then thing about the metz night at the gay estate him in the booze cruise how do you not piggyback on a guy who's turned out to be an excellent set-up man for station haus the arraggers i don't remember that i guess that all time is kicked out i remember being on bansan yeah well i was little jow where yeah what was being a boy that's the engine five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty and t and for eyes and wireless line i guess it's it's just because it's the uh uh you know it's the dead days of the summertime that's a good excuse in it why everything is slowed down to a crawl now sure here's a call from miramar hello miramar going once hello yes sir speak to me yeah i got a couple of comments twenty minutes go ahead you know you know that's a bug with us is that the foul character who that's got foul that's for all you yeah well he's he's gonna take your place or take my place now yeah yeah uh uh if he does that you know what i'll never listen again i listen to you all the time and the first time i ever called you yeah i'm never gonna listen to the station again okay this guy is obnoxious yeah he is nasty and he's looking for my job i guess yeah heard him say this morning he's been like triple my ratings and you gave me triple my salary he's looking to move right on in here yeah i heard that yeah this guy is you know he's like a your poison man real trouble yeah real trouble okay yeah i'll be over to a couple hours to help you clean out the bag coming to factor one in five sixty q a m and love this is for twenty o five sixty two a arrow right wing Nazi revolve again mother boomers your sanctimonious phony zoo winter and their own mother as a newman i'll venture gonna save that when it comes in your bag if they pick your board that train right wing Nazi revolve in mother well and just aint enough just a bright feeling the airways with hate the radio was permeated with the likes of dr. Lauraville and rean Michael Reagan they call it clear channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear the right wing Nazi revolve again mother narrow right wing Nazi revolve again mother for all the table talking it he gets a food and get any drummer that are married to whatever they are told to believe and worship Georgia's there can right wing Nazi revolve again mother well the den the crest the crapped their paints like a child's at a scary moving apperry macula who should go home and shut up because he don't have the coolities doing the democrats have a death wish when it comes to the sight who they will run and you can color them done if they run jolly burn my right wing Nazi revolve again mother f***ers narrow right wing Nazi revolve again mother who get a dignity if it is a semi-skating a juicy homer just remember what I said when it comes in your back they made the abore that train right wing Nazi revolve again mother f***ers they're all right wing Nazi revolve again mother f***ers for all the tables talking it he's a food 18 to 560 WQM happy Thursday too it's a great day for the Irish and the Jews and the golem and the Indians and everybody else too here's a nice fast or real buttsawking fact thank you Gary it says how listen to every day to work i'm not a your faithful listeners have been listening to for years but have never called or written i think you're great you're right Gary simply put you are the voice of reason right again i'm trying to get a couple of pictures on your website without success are you having trouble with that too uh i guess he's talking about the hot couple contest in the meantime if he's really impatient yes he can email them to me George at you know rockers dot com that's horay of course that's j-o-r-g-e by the way for all you anglers out there you crackers right horay at the neorages dot com it's irish it says i also likely to talk movies haven't seen record for dmia try to about make time to look at it look at it Gary take a look at this when uh things slow down is a question for your pool what's sick look to guys hate most do you like that question for a poll what's sick flick uh okay for like a middle of the week poll when uh we can't take of anything better sure that's a good poll for you when you're filling in absolutely right after when you got that last half hour after for a leave the uh the last segment ten minutes yeah that's right tend to two ten to two until two that's the George Red Wagon show rest of the time it's gonna be Scott he wants everybody's job check it out see i don't know how he does it it hurts it really does it hurts me it just tears my throat oh speak of that i'm sticking all that see it's his thanks for all you off of your audience you're an entertain guy you've got the right attitude yes i do Gary people shouldn't take things to guide them seriously keep up the good work keep the bedtime story is coming thanks for all you do do do someday like to know the reason is why you can't play the kind of Lisa a bit well it's because they told us they said if you play it by by and so we said okay we won't play it's a long story a bunch of right wing assholes and what was i just saying oh yeah because i'm thinking after eating those seven climb like uh score bars yes to our uh yes i'm thinking maybe go back since especially at Toronto you can get two bansigars you can get any kind of anywhere in the world it's not one of those things where you can't go out and buy whatever it had you want because the government is trying to like you know uh influence what kinds of cigars you smoke with your foreign policy which is a bunch of schmitt but i gave up cigars quite a while ago i shouldn't say that cause then can't help her won't give me any more you don't can't help her my buddy from nationwide the lemma'sings you've spoken other it's not called what's the called national the most national in the league sorry you know the one that i gave that real quick nice plug two couple which ago when he brought me back and that's it uh anyway he gave me a couple of real nice big fat ones yeah did you hit him seriously he did give me a couple of big fat ones but i didn't smoke him and i i don't want him to feel bad but i just gave up smoking cigars i could bring him to you okay but then i'm thinking maybe going out and getting a whole bunch of denim and lights oh yeah that'll get you going that'll give me going to get like a big giant thing they're growing on my tongue i don't want it a big very hot tongue yeah so yeah that's that's the question you want to die for is from lung cancer which is a horrible way to go or just want to die from fat which at least is delicious five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 teen Verizon wireless line uh you and i talked about this before to show yesterday and then i have a chance because we were so damn busy anybody believe that oh i just forgot man left lodged in windshield of car likely alive two hours medical examiner says let me turn on the court TV now is you think that trial is on oh here there's a lot of speculation but we don't know one way or the other i can give you a little bit of humanizing of this defendant what i understand about her background is that you know something you're you're never gonna believe this if you live to be five thousand how often if i turned on court TV since i've been here in the let's two years now i don't know twice the verdict just came in and she's guilty of murder the owner house actually at least the terror of rags belong to you she finally thought she was gonna have to get renters in and you know the best part of it is i had this story down little further in my pie you know i got my piles over here black don't you know and i just i just least you and i thought well i forgot to talk about this yesterday i better mention it now because we hate that bitch like crazy we hate her shanty mallowed what kind of a name is that shantae what of whatever name is bitch yeah by any other name she's still a bitch for about two hours Greg we've been late bleeding but alive in a broken windshield of a car that hit me probably was survived if the driver called for a helmet examiner test find yesterday at the trial it was obviously in severe squishy all in air that bitch that damn blonde bitch oh hey her too in fact sticker is here what other bitch was shantae not only not only she's a sparse yet again or possibly the emergency room doctor but was irrelevant at guilt innocence phase was a degree of pain this man suffered he was begging for a wife as to the right and she went inside and had sex with her boyfriend while he was out there pleading on the stuck on a windshield while he was dying on a windshield it's the time for this jury to learn as gruesome as it may be how painful this was you can only imagine having your leg amputated in a garage in a public highway and then hanging there for a period of time only to be wrapped in a blanket and thrown onto a public park this is the time for the jury to learn that and as to jank of sorris and this being a daddy's mommy's girl trying to place her parents I couldn't disagree more why else was she be out drinking using ecstasy and marijuana and she were a good girl I dare say I dare say that would not please mom and dad all right we're going to go to the verges and shantae is guilty of her and she faces life in prison I'd be like that which is to live for that bitch wow the impact broke big stye bone shin bone into table connected to the shin bone the shin bone connected to the and arm of the right side nearly and pt it is less like it gouges is torso is injuries were aggravated as she continued to drive but big still could have been safe with quick medical treatment instead these blood to that over about two hours oh every time I read this story it makes me wonder what kind of people are we talking about what kind of scumbag wow wow wow wow tweet Jackson who would this cousin Herbert Tyrone Cleveland played a gilly and tampering with evidence in the case testified Tuesday that mounted in part another car picked him up about six hours after she struck bigs she took him to the garage showed him the car with big still in the windshield Jackson said I said we ain't got a burn nobody we're going to put him somewhere so his family can find him so they can bury him because it was an accident Jackson testified his voice quibbring that night Jackson said he and Cleveland went into the garage apologize to the lifeless bigs and extracted the body bigs body was found on cob park October 27 2001 Jackson was sentenced to ten years for his involvement Cleveland was sentenced to nine years and this bitch this mallard bitch she's gonna get probably life or here's the lacy Peterson murder case to remind that give me off a court TV okay you're right because you see your wife watches all the time all the time it's like an addition once you start you can't freaking stop so just some great news that we get these some pre-bcourt bringing the u.s. at least up to the uh what the 18th century 17 somewhere like that striking down the Texas sawdemy law and now this bitch is everything back to Texas again see all the repressive right wing crap and it equivalents are present it comes from me in chains just the way I like them they're I want much better pants would make a real with a life get out one more just right away and here hey you want something what you got uh nothing but I can pull up my ass damn I got it going I'm starting a new business hey no kidding yeah I'm gonna be a hooker um brother Mike mama thank you oh yeah you sure it was me yeah oh I think tell me what are you trying to do so oh I don't know what you're talking about you just took a piss to a sleep a pill never description you're more awesome we got him from my deducted what that not that what that through you don't look my parents moving his fuel my god this place is a mess and my underwear's fun like I'm worrying I got a Hair my ignorant show was on we got a loser Diggas prom cristana I just like to see that I'm not very dressing at on here. Oh no. Thank you. I am. What's your free heart on him? I feel like running Thomas Green. Hey, Jim. Look. I've been thinking bad. You want to make me power half so bad. Who took you on a women's belly? I'm turning. I'm going to break my highly desirable ass ass. You want me to be thinking bad. You made me think bad. Can't I make the right me always? Hey, you make me, I made you bad. Take a look at this ear. And pull that rope. Hey, Tom. Hey, Tom. Hey, Tom. Hey. Oh, I was already on your horse. I was on the radio. Just suffer on the goal that you won't feel atting. Oh, it's the word of the Lord. The word of the Lord. I was on the radio. Oh, you were doing that guy guy. Oh, this is terrible. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. 133. How come I don't play that? No, Mo. I don't know. I love that. That's one of my old-time favorites. I better mark that with an ass to risk. You know what? Yeah. On this disc on this great extra disc that Vocabry made special for me. Thanks, Vocah, you're the best. And the stuff this week was uh, beyond description was so good. Okay. We're changing the pool. Oh, writing and. Huh? Well, we're adding another pool. You wanted a lie? Okay. Very dramatic time at WQAM when the decisions are going to be made like coming up very soon. I can just a matter of days. When we start that summer schedule, a lot of meetings going on. A lot of arm pull and leg pull and pod pull and. Right. Right. Here's the result of the first pool from today. Which of these moves by WQM did you like the most? We had the 576 votes. Not a spectacular totally. They're kind of like tealed off once a BNB or fell asleep. The elbows back attended to 249. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 43.2% are most ecstatic about 10 to 2, but not in the room as much as we are. For our get's the A to 10 slot. 129 will get him in a moment. We got more for a little stuff coming. Moved get shove back at our 100 11 our most happy about that. Hank loses the hour 41. I still think that's a shot. No more cr. The more crrow I'm Arlen Brock has 35 and Mad dog moves into 2 to 4. 11. So that's the, and that's it. Schmidt can't at pull, we're coming up with a new one. Now we already did this after like, uh, this is a few weeks ago we did this right? Right? How do you know we haven't told you what the pull is? Oh, what's your take on Scott for real? Which I don't think that's exactly what we did anywhere, right? Something like that. Something like that. Well I mean now they've had enough time to warm up to a more alert-loaded hate-in-like poison. That was really not fair to do with that soon, but it killed a good day. What's your take on Scott for real? Let's spell it right this time by the way, F-E-R-R-A-L-L-L-2-R-2-Ls. Got it? Well you got somebody writing this down, you think Eric is writing it down? We're writing it, though. Oh. Here's six choices for you. I love him, he's a hoot. He's okay better than Mo. Absolutely. Can't take that voice. One among six to 10 AM now. He sucks, bring back Mo at six, and who's Scott for real? Once again covering all the bases all the way around the home plate again, right? Read it again. What's-oh, that's right, you're writing it down. What's your take on Scott for real? You know, even just to say his name like that hurts my throat. Oh. It's cut. I love him, he's a hoot. Got that one? Got it. He's okay better than Mo. Absolutely. Can't take that voice. Ready? Got it. One among six to 10 AM now. If I can't plantation anybody else wants to vote for that, but I'm sure I know what he's voting for. He wants him on six to 10 AM now as into our AM. He sucks, bring back Mo at six. Absolutely. All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime, all the time. And who's Scott for real? Those are our six magnificent choices, Abonus Paul today. A QAM and the world famous Neil Rogers show. Look at the final totals on that, the peaches totals. Then your 43% are just ecstatic about us going back to 10 to 2. Nice move. See, there's some people in the building want to take credit for that, but they also don't want to take the blame for taking all those months off of our lives. That kind of evens it out, does it? No, it does not. Oh, that's not it all. No, because they can't give us our life back. See what I'm saying? The time, those, that year, that would be like running somebody over with your car like that bitch in Texas and unlike inviting them to dinner. It just doesn't quite compensate. Here's a call for Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, Scott? I want to look for a rail. Okay, you've got one of those choices you just can't live without. You're right. For a co-op died for a rail. I'm lucky. The guy actually has a point, and I can't think of anybody else I've ever done in this business who you start, you know, here is, I'm not talking about imitating what he does on the air, but just a voice. Right. Do you do it? I do it. Maybe I haven't heard Bina Boy do it yet. I don't know the strength of voice. No, you're like, are we all pussy? You can barely even speak with all you. I've got to like a thin voice. Especially today. Huh? Everybody's doing it. Even mode does it there at the end of the show. Scott, for us. Coming up next year. Have you heard him do that? Absolutely. But that's where you have it to George because you don't listen to him. Or come on. What he needs your help. I'm going to start listening. No, you're not. Economy down the bush's reelection support. Oh, wow. This is from the Brit Guardian unlimited. President Bush Basque and higher approval ratings, but when potential voters are pressed about giving him a second term, the numbers drop a reflection of worries about the struggling economy in a general weight and see attitude so far ahead of the election. Bush's overall approval ratings have remained at 60% or higher in most polls since 9, 11 attacks, but now that the electorate is turning to thinking about Bush's handling of the economy, I wonder who the Democrats will nominate. The presents we elect numbers are at 50% or lower in several polls. In a recent CNN USA that a Gallup poll 50% said they would vote for Bush. 38% back the unknown Democratic candidate with the rest on the side of it, those numbers are very different from those garned by Bush's father in June of 91 when the commander in chief was praised for the west ofcess in the Persian Gulf War and the Democrats were scrambling for a candidate. And of course, as most of us will recall, Bill Clinton defeated, land-pasted, George Herbert Walker Bush in 92 election. Would job approval you're asking how they feel right now said Frank Newport editor in chief of the Gallup poll, Bush's job in approval ratings won accurately reflect his potential to the March-eraeval next year he said. The current poll also found that 37% Democrats approval Bush's job performance, but only a third of those Democrats who approve would vote to be elected. Among independence the reelect numbers were designed the approval ratings. What this means is that Democrats and independents who leaned Democratic still want to consider other choices said Andrew Kahoot. He's in Kahoot's with them. Directively, pure search center for the people in the press, Bush will start to convince swing voters that he's the right person for the job, once the Democratic candidate emerges. I think one thing that the president probably ought to avoid saying too much when he's campaigning next time is that, you know? And if he says, Don't be snorting again, okay, everybody heard that. That was George. Yeah, George just snorted. My impersonation of El Presidente. You're lucky that Rick Ryley and here, every time somebody would snort on the air, he was especially if he did it. Like it was like a major world development just happened. And he's healed a hair. You just snorted. Of course he never told us, uh, just he had a lot of in common with the president. Never told us what he was snorted. Uh, don't pick on Rick Ryley now. Okay, you see you're a bit of a man. But you talking about bitter. You hate Rick Ryley. I don't. You do. I don't say on a year what you see off here. I sit now repeat after me. I hate Rick Ryley. I'd probably just like Eisner. Hi, is it? And I said there ain't a history. Hate Rick Ryley. Rick Ryley like D'Oreson. I wish he would die. No, I think he's a real rhythmic. Wish he was on a radio band where like on our an our station anywhere. There I could listen to them. Rick and sit. Like when what time would they be on? I don't know after doing some time like maybe driving home. Oh, like on windows. Maybe. You are. I'm telling you the Harper's got to come. He's going to sit on you. Hey, he's going to come in today's going to sit on your ass. Carlis is getting love facts since we put that picture up on our site. Is he? Oh my god. Thanks for the pick of Beiner boy. He's as cute as he sounds. Oh, I'll fax my address. Haha. What guys that from? I don't know. What of our people? Thanks. Yeah, I go both ways. I'll put it on. He's a damn good thing. You got your head done on the table. And I won pictures. I can't see your ugly post. Okay. Had down. He's got some head down. 142 at 5. 60 WQM. If you're in a dead end. Job speaking of Boner boy. Maybe college is too expensive. And it takes too long. Maybe you're like a really in desperate straights. If you can afford 10 bucks a month. I can make yourself the three nights a week for four months. Fast train. Can't help you achieve that new high pain career that you've been driven about. That's right. Just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. So, Carlis, good pie, Johns are close personal buddies at fast train. And one, eight six six fast train. And they'll explain to you how to get out of your rut. With four locations in town is buttery. A fast train near you. So calm today. One, eight six fast train. You'll be talking with the train. We're a counselor. Be sure not to mention Todd Rex name of the probably heard dial tone. Fast train offers dating weekend schedules. Job placement hands on training. So call fast train today. At one, eight six six fast train. They're deferred payment is valid for a year. Regular payment supply thereafter. Whether you're a high school student on summer break. Somebody an underpaid dead end job. Who's sick and tired of working for nothing. Or just looking to increase you in that worth and getting a big fat pay check every couple of weeks. Call fast train today at eight six six fast train. Or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at fasttrained.com. We're supposed to be in five six four. You a m. Fall on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Guy. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. So you can't meet that or you get mad. Man, you're so busy. I need like a man. Meet make you grow up in a strong like Neil. What's that you got? I got to study. What's this? I can dunk it when I'm trippy. Man. You eat like a pussy. I feel like a spoiled old. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. I have been a boy. I like booze forever. Hey, I like this. Oh, you did that. I can outbody do up your own plate. I'll just go out and do it. And if you did this. I'll just do it. I'll just do it. You're like a fire when I swat away. Get out of the ocean. Oh, man. Yeah, try one of these. It's too awkward. Talk to. Talk to. Talk to. Talk to. Talk to. Talk to. Talk to. Talk to. Talk to. Say what you got laid. That's what happened to the clearance, too. Yeah. Yeah, you talk about women all the time. But you can only talk to about men. I don't know what to do when you talk to. I'll just grab this for it. Maybe I can get a gixing and bulk of science. Don't be so deep. I'll just grab it. You'll just grab it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh, that let the last few seconds of that. Maybe I can get a gixing and bulk of science. Don't be so deep. I can just listen to that all day long. Oh, here's the second race of Churchill down. Browse dark. Margot goes up. I'll set the start for you. What are you looking for? What? Hey, you're off. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I'll get a grab the yearly lead from that of their Bob. But you're talking about space. He must know Mark Morgan this race announced. I got to the outside and gray beard. Okay. I don't want to leave it on because Hank might be listening. He might have a big bet on. I want to get a nervous. Bill Clinton speaks to a crowd of 750 people. Tuesday have known condemned the Bush administration policies that he set our undoing progress. And doing progress made during his presidency and that our delaying progress toward affirmative action goals in his folksy style. The former president deported off him from his prepared remarks and referred to his host, Jesse Jackson as brother Jackson. His speech focused primarily on the Bush tax cut, which Clinton said would yield him, as a member of a high income bracket next to 80 grand a year. Tax breaks would be better put to use, showing up education and health care programs for children and clip near a jobs program such as America or he said, we'll still raise on our website. And speaking of our website today, the one story you must read or at least look at. Look at the picture in the caption. Here's for the victims of Bush's dirty little war. Yeah. Oh boy. Now this is a picture you and I were talking about this morning before the show. You won't see this picture on an MSNBC wall of fame or whatever. Why not? Why not? Parts as low as pom-pom, cheerleading, crap they do MSNBC just shut down. Okay, shut it off. Okay, once you get the message, nobody wants to watch your bull crap. Okay, left wing, right wing, middle of the road. You've tried it all. Nobody gives the crap what the, the sputum that you're putting on the year. MSNBC my ass, the Chris Matthew with that speed defect. Nobody cared and I got him self-aggrandizing Keith Olderman who thinks that he's a very important guy. Oh, it's he's sports nerds taking himself seriously. Oh my god. Tears for the victims of Bush's dirty little war. It says a picture surely is worth a thousand words, especially the photo of Sergeant Brian Pachalsky, comforting Sergeant Dave Burrell in Balad Iraq. Dave Burrell did the humane and proper thing when he tried to get medical treatment for those wounded children that he was moved to tears when he couldn't help them speak, couldn't help them speak volumes about him and the decency of the human spirit and hell of situations. But for those of us watching from the comfort of our home, don't shed too many tears for these particularly youngsters. Rather save them and multiply them by a million and a million more for all the suffering Mr. Bush's wars caused in will cause. Save them for the children and adults Iraqi and American shot through with strappin'l burn, terrorized in their sleep, horrified from mocking loved ones blown to bits in front of their eyes, saved them for the survivors of the gunlifetime aggrief. Save them for the children to be born of the veterans of this war, and for the hundreds of generations of Iraqi children yet on board will come into this life defective and sick from these genetic effects of depleted uranium weaponry. Save them for those who will be victims of the violence, certainly we spawned by Mr. Bush's through the little war. I'm not going to read the whole thing, but it's on air, it's on our website today. Take a look at it. Pretty sad. Oh, but that's propaganda, and we got rid of a ruthless dictator, and they just found those pots, those pots and pans in and they're one-foot. They found a sprocket and a spigot in a cog, and they're looking for a freeway. They found spigot and they can just find freeway. Don't have it made. But can you imagine what's Rick and San Torme, I'm going to say about the Supreme Court decision today, what's he going to be saying about it? What the fuck that? I always like them, facts a lot, you know? What's he going to say? They're almost like real people. KC2 and Lates, the Supreme Court strikes down the Texas Saudi Mela, said the goddamn government should keep their nose out of everybody's bedrooms and what adults are doing in the privacy of their bedroom is nobody's got them. Finish. Okay. Six to three they voted down. Not even close. And let me remind you again of the three who voted the other way. I just mentioned this in passing, okay? Were the three right wing assholes? Chief Justice William Rennquist. Anthony Scully, who could be the most right winger streamers to mall? Were- were I doing the second page of that? Did I spend it out of the schmickin? I- No, that would be bad. No, because I wanted- I wanted to write here it is. I wanted to read Justice Scully as comments again. The court has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda, Scully, a wrote for the three dissenters. He took the unusual step of reading is descent from the bench. The court has taken sides in the culture war, Scully, as said, adding that he is nothing against homosexual. Well, thank God for that. Thank God for that, because if not, a lot of us to be marching off or free shower right now. There we go. Hey y'all, my name is France, from Eugene Thomas, Phantom Bush's nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's lots of people who's out there that they just lost. I spoke a little marijuana when I was in college. And it wasn't as if I had a pen joint. Well, maybe sing our sign, y'all. I know, remember y'all. Did they all think I'm fit to be under Supreme Court? Yeah, I got the munch. That dude is quick and get out of here. I won't sit down straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I mean, Tokyo and I don't get to the East and I don't get to the West and I don't get why I look up Santerdale Panas best. Oh, right, I'll be Tokyo. That's go very well, y'all. You know what I mean? This is Bush when you're in five seconds. You were here. You might mention my name is Rice Master Gary. Well, kicking ass on that pole. Kick it, big smelly ass on that pole. Rectom. I hate the place with my badass cheating downs. Walk you to the view. I just don't want to use my brain or the fillets my own ears. I say, oh, smile so smoothly. All the punches that I see. Lack of all two friends. I believe they're my friends. And they're really narrow about being. I know it's true. You're finishing too. Oh, that's not it, oh baby. I know that they're in so much as has the greatest of the law. I love my job. My money's gone. That's what I've played this fall. They came for my family. I'll say, if it's all a breeze. But I have nothing to ask. So I should be alright until they come for me. I know it's true. Good bitching too. I'll let it own baby. That's too good. I've got the proof. I have to paint it true. I'll let it show it all to my ears. I'll let it show it to my ears. Look at there. Bye bye. I've got this pounded silly. And then when ever comes out, it's a loony.