The old Rogers, where are you now? Between a rock and a hard place, baby. I'd be here. Well, listen, I'm gonna turn it over, that will do it. Hey, by the way, you look really good in that chair. We all been talking about you. Look really good. In fact, there's a name on that chair. If you look on the bottom, it says dog. I don't know, it says big dog, man dog, how are you doing? It's a dog around the dog. Yeah. We got all kinds of dogs around here. Bullsh-man, whatever, it's something under there. Nice to see you again, Joe. Well, it's nice to see you. One man chair up, baby. It's got your name on it. You with a man dog. Oh, check. Maybe one of you can alternate sitting in each other's lap in the chair. Yeah. I was wondering if he might want to switch, like one morning heat, he gets to do the eight to ten and I'll do the two to four. You think that sounds like a good idea. Sounds like a wiener to me. All right. Yeah. Have a good one, now. You two, Joe. All right, Sam. I'll tell you first. Dude. Boyd Petta is dead. He's gone. I'm a copy, pink, tell me, they're lynch, Alebertha Nunek, Caljabron and G.E. Northrop and Ron MCI, World Com, Baker and Box, KLR and Airmiki. Pan's off, Brown and Ruth, Carlisle and the Rending Ruth, Murder Docs, Fox News and Reuters, some young boys. Choice points democracy by data-based technologies, Chuck Pagels, aye, bold, black and out your vote. George Bush is a liar. Your exploiting nine, eleven, four and global empire. George Bush is a liar. And tasty on the left, it by now's occupied by her. The chaney will put with Richard Perl and other dick, Andrew Card, Tarol Roman, Margaret Dickick, and it's a hooger. You'll push, get pushed, George P and Danny Bush. Preston and Columbo Noel, not to mention Barbys. Trader Bob Dylan, backstaps, the IA in the back. Runsville says, all as well another soldier does. Loona out, spoken to the Macrat in the mail they get in, and direct her to hand, well-stoned, and before their time. George Bush is a liar. Like always for a pretty, old con with that team, are done. George Bush is a liar. And the sin is so mean, you have had you believe that your George Bush is a liar. The song is something that'll never get on their channel. George Bush is a liar. And then Danny in a little piece. George Bush is a liar. You're a liar. You're a liar. You're a liar. You're a liar. Look, 10 or 3 at 5 at 60, WQM happy Friday. Did George is here for a cameo appearance today in the other room? Except no substitute. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. There's a lot to come about. It could be said about that, but a bit of not being. So here we go. Lloyd Petta died. He was the longtime voice of the Chicago Blackhawks for the hockey fans out there. He died. He died November 11th in Milwaukee, the age of 76. He was a bigwood and Milwaukee, Bucksie and his wife donated money to build the Milwaukee's Bradley Center. And he was pretty big in mid-wise. Lloyd Petta died. He's dead. And the earth cups in a died in 91 a couple of days ago from Cups, Colomans, Chicago. Ho, right. And also Tony Thompson died. Well, somebody is back to me about dead people. He died. Not Tommy Thompson that she's had. Tony Thompson. What did session drummer was his member of two super groups in the 70s and 80s. See, I shouldn't have eaten that omelet. I mean, thanks a lot to Roy from Balance for Life was really delicious as shrimp omelet. I didn't need it. I didn't want it. And now my throat's all like full of crap. You know what I mean? Floney. Ah. Like that. I didn't want that. As holes. Why does Troy Strattford do that to me? Troy, you're not a bad guy. Thanks for the shirts from my buddy Shelley Bloom. But Jesus Christ, man. Haven't I been screaming? I don't want food in here. Like two strips of bacon yesterday. It's the only food I've eaten in your all week long. And here comes my buddy Troy with two big sacks of stuff. You know, good stuff. But I don't want it. I don't need it. I don't want it. Good stuff. There's a nice cookie in there too. Should I eat that? No, I'm going to go get it. I'm going to give now. Ah. You're going to die. Oh. I'm sitting my blood sugar way up. I see that. I think it's like an oatmeal cork. I mean, all in raising. They're really delicious. And they send my their full sugar. And they'll send my blood see if you're on a balance for like you wouldn't select this if you're diabetic like me because you know it's going to send your blood sugar way up. Made with honey. Hmm. Do it. Man, oh man. It'll be sick by noon. Good. Then I go home early. Sounds good to me. Grab my junior honey. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, what was I doing here? I'm trying to do a guy named Radio. Sure. We're talking about dead people. Tony Thompson. The noted session Dremor was a member of two super groups in the 70s. 80s. The disco funk group sheek to a big hits with a free good times in dance dance dance. I thought that was the beach boys dance dance dance. Different song. And later a super rock group power station, which included the late Robert Palmer. Had top 10 hits with some like it out and get it on. The I November 12th in Los Angeles, a renal self cancer. It aged 47. Renal self cancer. He died. 47. So thanks a lot for the dead people who ever fang's that to me. I like flying some Tony. Here's the result of yesterday's pool. And I'm driving home for my mother's at lunch yesterday. By the way, moms doing just fine doing better than most of us. Damn it. Anyway, she's doing okay. Well, good. I knew you'd be very concerned. And I'm driving home. It's about a quarter to two. And I'm listening to the man dog. And here's a series of colors. And of course, you know, I mean, everybody's entitled their opinion. No, it was a quarter to four. I take that back. I was almost the end of it. How could I? I was going to wonder how to put it to your heart. I'll never. My blood sugar's already going up from the cookie. I can say it. And the cause, of course, well, you know, I spent the whole day with for well today, Jim, and he wants to thank you. You're the only one on that station who told it like it was. And you were the one who was nice to him and really your friend, Bob, Bob, and the audio. Well, I want to say right now as much as I love the mad dog and I really do. We don't always agree on everything. And that's fine. A lot of you call us out there. It's easy to open up a big mouth when you're on the outside of a situation. Looking in and you have no idea what's really going on in here. Everybody out there is an expert and, but we really like to, you know, something I liked them. I thought he was a hoot. Yeah. Now we say that. I thought it was a hoot, but the fact that a matter is he dug his own grave. And now we're going to dig his own grave. But every time somebody tried it like extend the hand to pull him out, he'd like heat more dirt on it and like dig it. He'd be like he had a shovel inside the ground. It was digging deeper to try to go to China. Now anybody out there whether they spent the day with him or whether they're best to friends or whatever else, you can bull crap all you want because nobody supported him more in the station than I did, including a supposed good buddy, Mo. He was dancing on his grave yesterday morning. You're an asshole, Mo. And I managed to get to the whole week and never saw Mo once. But right at my diary, I got through a whole week at 2M and never saw that miserable bastard one. And the beast figured it out. The dog ran off with his hairpiece. That's why he's been worried him silly. He had so weak. So you haven't seen him. You haven't seen the gangster cat. I haven't been anywhere near him. I didn't see him. He didn't smell him and he should only rotten hell the moment. He smelled like a felon. And he's supposedly for else good friend. You know, well, I'm the weed known. He said a for a year. It's about. And then yesterday morning, he's dancing on his grave, which I will dance on your grave, Mo. Just like I'm out at the cover of our CD. No, I will. I'll fart in his face and I'll dance on his grave. It would give me great pleasure. Because he's a hateful, miserable prick. And if a real thing's that's his friend, well, good luck to him. You know, in a man dog's got his construction business. And sure, I'm out of town most of the time. But you don't have to be here to really get to flavor of what's going on. Plus, I heard some other incredible stories here this morning that I was even aware of. But one thing I neglected yesterday, which after the break, I want to get to it. Because it's very important for the audience to understand. Who think that, wow, it's just if he won't be words that Neil says, we're stuffed in that and he got blown out. Important for the audience to understand really some of the stuff that went on. He wasn't going to be fired on Wednesday. He was going to be suspended. And then it is a termination to be made, TBA, to be announced. After like a face to face sit down after 24 hour cooling off period, can we salvage this one more time for the 500th time, you know? And instead, well, I'll get to that. Save it. Teas it. Winning down. Man, no matter. Yeah. Oh, man, what a week. I should not have picked him down. Yeah. Ah, magical. But I'll be gone soon. 1009 at 5.60 WQ and he's speaking of low carbs. Hmm, well, cookie. Well, you're good. Well, why did he do that? I made evil. Trice referred. I hate you like poison. Or an asshole. Why didn't he doesn't need to bring me in. Oh, I know what all the food is. How am I? I had nothing. His food to sink a battleship. He'll bring us the room. No, I like it. It's good. That's good. They are good. Really. Hmm. Yeah. God. And unfortunately, see, there's the difference. It's a good idea. We'll do this spot now. Right. Made with because her cookie is made with like honey and sugar and loaded with card. The ones you'll find at the lights don't have that. You know, they've got other stuff in their sugar substitute. And there still tastes delicious. But your blood sugar doesn't go scar rocketing in if you're on the Atkins are the low carb diets. You don't have to worry about a lot of carbs because they're basically they're almost none. And so many of their great products like the Southern Delight Chocolate chip cookies sounds good to me or one of brownies by Control Carb for all you brownie hunts. They're over a thousand different low car products in stock at Delight. So all you addkins and low carb dieters out there. Even the ones who are following that Susan Summers. Oh, she was peddling sweaters on the shopping channel yesterday. I'm channel surfing and there she was again. And it turned on next sweaters. She's just a horror is what she is. Yeah, everyone's got to get paid. Jesus, Suzanne, use crazy bitch. Flags on meal, granola, cranberry mac rages. It says with no maltador, which means you won't be spending all day on the pot. Judy's low carb peanut brittle, blood stoked men's champion light drinks are back in five delicious flavors. Cup of soups, I already knew, is that water pop it in the microwave for a great meal. Control Carb brownies, seven flavors with almost no carbs at all. And like I said, over a thousand of these great products in stock to give you some variety, some taste to keep you on your low carb diet. It's a story you're going to fall in love with. And of course you can try anything in the store before you buy it at Delight's throw up in every day, seven days a week. They got all the atkins products on sale today. Next you've always. And every day, all day, every day. They're on the Northeast corner of Glades Road in 441 next to Boston Market. Safely several miles away from Moes House. Call them toll free at 1-877 low carb. That's with the WLOW. C-A-R-B or on a web, you'll find a bit low carb.com. Delight's a West Booker story. You love it. Your official atkins retail said, buy it at the local V6 V6. Three years old yours. Oh, I'm a QA. It's a crowboddocks right here, homeboy. From the producers of American Idol, to the heartwarming collection of favorites in Surfered by America's sweetheart, Terry Shival. Happy heartbeat, beautiful sky. Take me into my eyes. I said joolly willeye Birdbap Pap Pap Pap Pap, tonight Hold on a what? I hope. I hope. I hope. Now, of course, you will also to see. Look at his smile. compañero ng Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh Yes, it's Terry Shival, live from Room 2-4 G.C. Another exploitation available now from the Suffolk in breath. That's Terry Shishirken called them out. 10-15 at 5-60WC. Here's the pulpit of Kester, the second pulpit. But we have a response in this. What? But I do want to say it again. I'm here on these calls on the show yesterday. Driving home from Mamis about a quarter to four. I thought I was going to lose my mind. Everybody's in 10-0 there opinion. But the fact that a matter is all these instant armchair quarterbacks out there. Who we need to know, what's going on. You don't know squat, okay? All 99% of you have any idea what you're talking about is what you hear from other people on the year. And then I find out some of the stories which I'm not going to repeat them because I was asked not to repeat them. The stuff going on in here. I mean, it's a miracle, like I said yesterday, that lasted that long. It's a miracle. So anybody who thinks that for well got the short and the stick in this place is dreaming. And again, I like the guy, but he's a hard, what's the word I'm looking for? Not to crack. A hard, a very, he's a hard coconut to crack, man. I'll take that. I mean, it's a hard to penetrate that skull and get the message through in there, okay? Just ease back for a little while for a few months, cut the crap and take the mic at the back, which is what I kept telling him over and over again. What do you do it? No, what do you listen to me? No, well listen to anybody. Because you don't shut up long enough to listen. No, no, no, no, no, no. And then, and this business, I get taxes from people saying, well, you know that act for that voice. There's no act and there's no phone, he voice. That's it. That's exactly what you see is what you get. A little more profanity off the earth. A little more. Not too much. 14 is that possible. 14 had written 60 votes on a poll from yesterday. Who would you like to see replace for well from 8 to 10 on QAM? And when she knows there's the little dog in there already this morning, was I seeing Joe? Joe's a good guy. Yes, he is. Nobody don't like Joe Rose. And like I said, every now and then a little bit of a backstabber. I've always said, I'm no, I said that about him. I guess because it's true. Who do you stab? I don't know. We'll figure it out. I forgot and it's so long now. But it was kind of interesting because I heard him talking about well, you know, it's like old times again. Here's the beast and Jolty and creeper in there. Creeper should have been fired by the way again, Clarence. Now here's the deal. Augurantia the Clarence is doing creeper the other way around. They're doing it. No, seriously, because the thing that broke the camels back on Wednesday morning, I said this yesterday. I'll say it again. One of the things that just made the middle-evil management people here was the fact that what Feral said wasn't dumped and it went on a year. Now you know as well as I do that they've been watching, they've been dumping crap left and right in there. So if the audience thinks you know stuff that's on a year, well, I was not like that. That's the stuff that got on a year. Okay. They've been hit that dump button like it was a goddamn pezzzer container. They were going to get another delay so that they could do double dump. Double dump. Well, I've had those days. In fact, a couple of days ago. How about the 20? About an hour from now. No, that's the egg on the cookie. Thanks a lot, Troy. You idiot. Jesus Christ. See, this was the last day plus it's because you came back. Yeah, I don't want to do it. No, you're the one. You probably told Troy Stratford to do it. Oh, I don't think that other Troy in here. Oh, here's two sack bowls of food, Neil. Last time we even amar. Oh, no, here's the whole bunch of food. That's a whole bunch of food. Yeah, you ask holes. Who would you like to see replace for while 8 to 10 a.m. On QAM? 14 160 votes. Plus we had 560. We did over 2,000 votes. On the two poles about the Feral situation. We got another one for today and over the weekend, which a little more specific about the situation. Well, no, let's let them be experts since they all know what's going on. 14 60 Rick and Suds 457. Nobody even came close to Rick and Suds. Of course, like I keep telling you, and they go to happen. Damn it. No, they're not going to be on because it requires some money plus guess one. You know what they don't do? Spore right. That's it. They don't do a sports show Rick and Suds. So how do we have them here on a radio station that's obsessed. That's sick with his crap that we're always talking about sports right Rick and Suds 457. I mean, just a gigantic number. Don't care. I will listen anyway. 303. That's 20.7% those are the people who got some other morning show they like. They're busy doing something else in the morning. Whatever it is. Jeff de Forest, a shocker 199. And you remember last time we did a pool similar. He did very well. Yes, so and I thought it was like a set us deal, but it wasn't. They like him. They like people. Now, why do you say it that way like you can't figure out why that's that that's what I'm reading. No, I think you're right. No, I like default. I like my I don't think compared to say to like the little and big dogs to the dog guys that he's like even the same category. I mean, with all the respect for I wish you nothing but the best if they brought you in here on Monday. It's a hey, all right. There's default. Dance straight. How it let's go to the Indians. You know, something like that. Goldie could bond like old times. No, yeah. Goldie. Hey, listen, I saw a golden in a whole this morning. I was going in or take a leak. In fact, he went right in there with me, which would kind of surprise him. You're not my type y'all these. Stay away. He just stand far from the urinal though. No, he did. We were like against the wall. And he was giving me a, I can't repeat on the year because I promised I was going to repeat everybody. I talked to him here. Oh, don't say they're okay. Nobody did say something. And I can't remember what that one. Water sure is cold. Yeah, he said. No, I was a head of line and then you distracted me. Something they told me that I can actually repeat now. I forgot to because all the other stuff. I can't repeat. Well, forget about him. Jeff the forest. 199. Just forget I said guilty. Okay. Joe rose 158. Jim managed the man dog 112. Oh, right. I'm telling the thought he did what it. I'm better than that. But I guess a lot of people like him right where he is there in two to four. It's a good spot. The big. Oh, oh, 58. That that omelette's already working his way back to you. You know. That was that. That was on acceptable. I'm sick and tired to come in here and have it in the middle of the show to run and take a big leg. I'm like, I don't want that. You know. Yeah. That's going to be a lot worse than that. Believe me. Moan Gildi together again. 6 to 10 a.m. 29. Only 29 out of 40 out of almost 1500 votes. 29. 1.9% want them to do the whole four hours together. Kimba Bocaper who filled in admirably well weekly yesterday morning. Good guy. But boring. 28. And Joe's a gacky way to you see this. Wow. 10. Oh yeah. 10. 0.6%. 10. Out of almost 1500 votes. Not too good Joe. They think you're really coma inducing in your penis face, but nevertheless. And they're right on both. Cospities a great guy. Right. He's a great guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. An excellent guy. Like I said, he's okay. He never stole a freight train. Plus he did some nice things for charity. They're going to get it. And you're going to get it. Then you're going to kill doing it during Hurricane Andrew. Why do people laugh about that? See, that's a one thing. I'm not going to start knocking for well because he's not hearing got can't he can't come back. And he's going to be somewhere else soon. I guess I don't know. But but it did bother me. Well, the recevel things that bother me, but I want to really bother me with that. But like when Dan Snyder got killed and had crash. And with Danny heatley with the guy did the Atlanta thrashers games for a season. And was always hysterical. And I was always great that somebody died. Yeah, you know, there's some people if they died. I don't want mention a names. But uh huh? Huh? No, I didn't say that. I did. Some people if they croaked it would be very amusing. Absolutely. But generally speaking, I don't find that funny. But here we go. I'll be with that. I had a little problem now. Now this call that you've got here from my clear new jersey. Who could that be? Hello. Yes, sir. Boy, pet it and Dan telling where to with a greatest hockey now. Are you on a speaker phone? I'm sorry. What's he called? Is this better? Well, if you get rid of it a little bit with him a couple of feet of the phone and just not scream so loud, be great. My bad. You're bad. Boy, pet it and Dan Kelly, two of the greatest announcers of all. I know they're both dead. And they've been. And even worse than that, Dan Kelly's kid is their Colorado and abortion. Yeah, he's awful. He's got a horrible. I got a question for you. That rookie. That rookie. Anyway, go ahead. By the way, Lee, I can't believe it's picking a hockey. I went to bed. The Leafs are losing four to one after two periods. I thought they're taking it up the old shoot again last night. And they're getting less than LA right after they blew it in and I'm. And I wake up this morning to find him in a great comeback full four to our time time. Nice going, Pat. Nice going, Lee. The question was about that game. What is Jack Nicholson doing at a hockey game? What was this? At the... When you look better for the elites and see, there's my psychic powers again. How do you like that? Well, he had nothing else to do. Well, I see. Jack Nicholson wouldn't know a cross check from a porno flick. Okay. Okay. That's all material I guess. See. Who the hell was that? That was somebody in the business. Why not something with a great bullying voice? Yeah, let's put him on a today. Then the resume. Yeah, set us a resume. Okay. I think I think we'll be okay. Now let's see. Here's somebody says, why didn't you put the crow on the podium today? It says, he's worthy. He's worthy. Well, let me just say this to you. Okay. I like that one. Yeah. Let's put him on a he's worthy. I mean, we're in. Mani, Ramirez. See that's funny for about three seconds. But two hours of... How about you, M and V, bro? Yeah. Good. Well, I think that I got to kind of touch the fact that the people in the building would have never come to work as I can't stand at the smell of a talcom powder. People think I'm making that stuff up. I have never. He's a good guy. I like to crow. He has no business being on the air. But then we have a lot of people in that category here. Oh, say I got sidetracked from Robert Cooper should have been fired. Oh, that's right. I'll strike myself. See. Because I went through that yesterday. They didn't dump it. But Robert Creeper will never be fired here because he and Clarence are program director. They're very, very tight if he get my drift. There's a Jewish sports fraternity here. Right. In other words, it's a little circle jerk. The beast is the pivot man. He's in a middle. And you got Clarence and the Robert Creeper around the edges on the outside. Yeah, that's it. It's the Jewish sports circle jerk. If you weigh him. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Why? I already changed the thing in there so we can't. He can't say it. Come on, boy. You can do it. Absolutely. Thank you. So here's today's poll. Here's a good facts from David and Miami. See, I don't really care today. I'm just, I'm just going to ramble. I don't, I don't care. I got a bunch of bedtime stories like I always do. I don't care about any of it. Because it's just so aggravating to me. Listen to these people. And I, you know, I've been doing this a long, long time. And I'm, I'm aware of the fact that everybody out there in radio land thinks that, Wow, we really know what's going on. You don't know crap. You know what? What? You know? If you did know, you probably blow your brains out. Good. You probably like take your radio and bury it in the ground somewhere. Seriously, if they had any idea what this place is all about. But you don't. Well, listen to these idiots calling in Ellen and, you know, how right we are about certain things. New England Paul, who is the chronic facts. And how can we won't rebound facts? Now he's become, he's like one junior on the morning show. Yeah. They have to have the access. They have to have it in. He had, but, but not just access. He's like, he, he makes Mark the Jets fan seem like, you know, Gorvidal. I mean, just, it's just ludicrous. But nothing to say, the same crap every day just another chronic. Like I've always said, the chronics on the facts machine are the same as the chronics on the your phone. And the chronics on the phone are the same as the chronics on the fact that, and generally, it's the same people. Right. Is the crossover. But you get to know their voice. You will take their calling. They say, they have their factory involved there. But anyway, David Mimey says, I like this. He says, remember after hearing Rush checked himself into the hospital, he received thousands of email supporting him. Since he's coming back Monday, I decided to set him an email telling my do not support him. Only problem is, you can't. If you go on his website order to send him an email, you must register in order to register you must buy either his newsletter, tie, coffee, mug or some other item, or maybe some oxycontin would be good. Therefore, the only individuals who would send him an email are fans who buy his crap, and, of course, all of the messages will be positive, Rush is like caster when they want to represent a parole rating. I've got a good parallel, man. Says David Mimey. I still have facts. David, keep it up. Keep up the good work. Where would it have you are? Anyway, we'll give you the new pool. And then the thing about I never got to the thing about the AC. Here I'm on to another whole segment. Your fault. Very smart. Because I was busy talking about Robert Creeper should have been fired, but he'll never get fired. Because like I said, he's got a good head on his shoulders. That's what Clarence said. I said, how come he ain't getting fired? He said, good head on his shoulders. 27 past 10 at 5. At 5. 60. Absolutely. Let me say it again. They all hate to like poison. They don't like you. They can't stand you. They make you make them sick. I like his new hat. And everybody was especially grossed up by the fact that he really, I mean all along. Who's the one who's your biggest supporter here? Who's on your longest? Bye-bye. Come on for a while. And he just was squeezing and so. In fact, I hear he killed the musk ready. So said he squeezed it so hard yesterday. That's why I had to put the head on. Yeah. I'm calling Peter. Bulger. Anyway, speaking of that. And he left before we could get his new mattress. That's the bad part about for real. I want that mattress. I don't think he's going to get it, do you? I saw fat boy, water in the hall on his walker this morning. Then you're tumbleed right on his ass. And I'm serious. He is brutal. He's in bad shape. He's a big fat tub. Hey, fat boy. It's a nice note. I don't think I'll be seeing him again. You know, it reminds me of tiny. In the last last spring. February. I came home for a while. A couple of months actually. And I thought to myself, and I don't think I'll be seeing tiny again. alive. We should start an office pool. And you know what happened like on the 21st of February last year? He died. My little dog. He died. And I'm thinking the same with fat boy. My big fat friend. I don't think I'll be seeing him alive. Hi, pal. But I'm like tiny. He was probably his actions are in a little canister. Fat boy, they'll be in a piano case. Just the ashes. Just the ashes. Anyway, dollar mattress is where it's at. If you want to get some good ash, this is the place to do it on a great mattress and dollar mattress. Believe me, they beat everybody else hands down your pants. No phony promises. No bait and switch does discount prices every day on a best brand. And a world including now is during the banana foster. When you call 1-800 mattress, you get service like you've never heard of in your life. You pick the day in time for delivery. Any two hour window seven days a week. Eight in a morning, till 10 a night. If it's convenient between 11 and morning and one, we have to know 2-4-3 and 5- whatever. They'll be there on time. And you'll be having a big smile on your push. On a sales practice is fantastic on beatable service. Every day low prices, same day delivery and pre-set up and moveable to the old bedding. It's easy to see why dollar mattress is ranked number 1 in customer satisfaction. So it all gets sucked in by the phony sales. Call yourself dollar mattress 1-800 mattress. Like all the folks here at QA Marta, we now make a bill doing it. Book a Brian, George, Fat boy, and of course you're a truly. Call toll-free 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES for a great night's sleep for years to come. Or check them out of the web at mattress.com. We're Sports Radio 5-CC. U-A-A. U-U-A-U is proud to bring you the W-Q-A-N-School of Broadcasting. Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curricula, the course is free. Of course you'll work for free. Call 1-800-WAN-A-B. And speak to our director of education, Mr. Letty Marquez. So you want me a boycaster? Oh, a boycaster? A boycaster? Boycaster? Yeah. No, no, no. For a little bit. You're new seniors? You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. You're new. How take you on a tour? You need help. Yeah, we have the yellow big in this course. We feed after me, man. We, we, we, we, we we. What's your question? We're going with your white ass. We're going with your white ass. You know the hint, we have the effective, the yellow, we won't. Wait, don't watch me. Take him as you call. Take him as you call. I'm going to rip off the gun! I'm going to rip off the gun! I'm going to rip off the gun! I know baby, we have to hide so much of them! And I'll pin you a book, so when... ...pages... ...14... ...18 after me... ...and... ...not... ...what I want to do is take a hand on the hand... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and... ...and open in this woman's guilty window! ...and... ...and... ...yes, it's the wonderful world of radio! ...ah, radio! ...where you can hear your own voice! Let the WQA and school abroad casting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true! I mean, a 1.2... ...where you can hear your own voice! ...can't wait for this to be at the 560WQM! What's that schedule look like today? We just have a bunch of blanks in there now! It's a... ...mad dog at two! ...and I think she's getting the mad dog and hand for their nice generous contributions just that he found her ...but she's still banned and paid rest to you, thank you guys! ...and by the way, Hank losing out, what do you? First time I've seen Hank in months, you know? ...and... ...he just said to me he's given up on the way! ...it was good, that's sad! He was big! ...and I love Hank! ...he's great, but he just... ...maybe skip like lunch! ...she's even saying that's a start! I know, I just didn't say what he said! I just got through eating a bunch of crap! It was the furthest thing from my mind! There's all that stuff from how we sit in on it, and I look at it! ...and I touch it! ...no, and a food either! All of a sudden, twice-strat, but they just... ...that's another reason I cannot be here! They just want to whore me! They just want to use me and abuse me! And they just, you know, just stick a goddamn pump into my ass and keep stuff in the food in there, you know? ...45 Oats on our new pool, I just went up on there! This is a chance because it'll be up there all weekend to vent! Once in a row, and then Monday we like kind of wipe the slate clean and we'll start out with whatever line! I think it's going to be pretty good though! I think we got the little dog in the big dog in the big dog in the little dog! I think you're going to have some dogs in there, right? ...all dogs all day! Who let the dogs dog? ...all dogs all day! Who let the dogs dog radio! Anyway, what's your take on a firing of Scott for real, which is not like either one of the polls we did yesterday? Oh, I should... did I read the result of the other one? Not enough! I don't think you did! Yeah, I did! But I forgot to mention that Joe and Mark, you know, I love Joe Costello, but every time he influences me to put them on a pool, and then they whip their audience up overnight, and the number boosts, they almost cut the mad dog. Now, as much as we like those guys, is there any comparison whatsoever? No. I see, you're not saying a word because I love Joe. Yeah, okay. So good! Okay. Always one of your customers. Anyway, what's your take on a firing of Scott for real? Well, I hated him anyway. Great reads and asshole. Well, see, that kind of is a given. I don't care, never listen to him. Neil is much more vulgar. Is that one on there? Wait a minute. I don't think Eric maybe have left one on. Oh, no, it's on there, but don't have any votes. His voice nearly killed me. No great loss. The radio business blows, which of course, uh, absolutely. We know that. And he headed company was over the top. Those of the, let's see, three, six, eight. Who do we appreciate? Great choices on our poll today. As we try to like bring it back to some perspective. Let me just say this. So I don't forget to finish that story. Is that when's day morning, evidently, was kind of like the strata broke to Campbell's back in some of the crap that he said on the year, even after we had said he wasn't going to be doing and talking about that stuff. And there was enormous stress and pressure and eight million meetings and signing as documents have been going on for weeks and months and months. And, uh, even at that point, he wasn't getting fired. He was being suspended. And his response to his impending, and they were going to like let a day go by cool off coming here. We'll sit down and talk. But instead of that, on the phone, first he abused our program director Clarence, which is easy to do. You know, but I mean, just abuse the crap out of him. And then our operations manager, Muff. Uh, he just, and the best part of the deal is that both of these two guys were guys who had been going to bad for him and keeping him his job for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks. This is what really frosted their ass. Is that in spite of tremendous pressure from ownership over in a West Coast, which you can understand because they're under pressure with their license they need to protect. But in spite of that, he still goes and rips them on if I'm, ah, screw you, go to hell, I'll see you in court. I'm not going to end. And a lot of things worse than that, that won't repeat on the air. But you can't repeat that. I can't repeat on the air. And that if I want, want to jump. So, uh, that kind of like was the end. That no, that not kind of like that was the end. So, for those people out there who think that they know something and we're calling yesterday. Oh, gee, well, you know, you're the other guys on your state. The other guys at a station lot of them haven't got to clue what they're talking about. You got Mo and the morning who's got his agenda of screwing anybody you can, you know, stabbing him back just to try to solidify his own position. You've got yours truly who sits here with no extra grind one way or the other on the for else the joy. You'd like the guy who promoted the hell out of the guy who enjoyed the crossovers every day. But I got to tell you the way it actually was and a lot of you don't want to hear the truth. Because you can't handle the truth. Speaking of Jack Nichols and the PLA Kings, our least game. And then he had the mad dog on there, which he's entitled as a opinion. He liked the guy. You know, I liked the guy too. I didn't maybe have as much interaction because I don't go to all those ball games and stuff. And Mad Dog's comment was he was always a gentleman. Every time they met, they had some nice conversations. He never stole a freight train. That's fine. But that's not what we're talking about. That's personal. And we're talking about business. See, we're talking business and Mad Dog was talking personal. And I didn't hear Hank yesterday, so I don't know what he said on a show. So that's what I can tell you. Here's where it starts. What's your take on the firing a Scott Farrell? Greg reads an asshole, which I thought that was a given anyway. 36, 84 votes. That's what George voted. Um, what? I think that's what you, wasn't that what you voted? Mental. I don't care. Never listened to him 13. That's 15.4%. No great loss. 10. The radio business blows Robert Cleaver voted. Yeah. Yeah. Unless, of course, you got a job guaranteed for life. Uh, Greeper, like you do with your boyfriend. Absolutely. He headed coming. He was over the top six. His voice nearly killed me. Five, five people said that. I hated him anyway for and he was much more vulgar one. See, that's the thing I keep hearing a lot of these is idiots. He's pork. It's called, well, how come Neil didn't get fired? He's much more vulgar. Let me say it to you again. Like I said yesterday. In case you missed a show. A year ago for anybody who first of all, even backing up before then. If anybody knows about Jack Thompson. And about what he can do to your career to your life to your, uh, whatever kind of brain you stab in your head. I know nobody in the world knows better than I know. Because I had two years of my life turn upside down by this great self-appointed moralist from heaven. Okay. So I know all about it. And then a year ago. We had the Congolese business, which was another story. Right. The two comedy bits we were playing the Boca Brian bits, which we played over and over again. But some outside right wing agitators decided to start up with us. The Fox News people picked it up. And then we're getting all kinds of threats here at the radio station. We're going to do this. We're going to do that. And so needless to say, I was under enormous pressure at that time. And it was made very clear to me that we aren't going to play those things no more. And if I did play those things, some more, I'd have my ass canned. And I said, okay. See, because I'm an adult. I don't have any need for those things anymore. And I'm not going to like shoot myself in the foot. I can use the cash, especially after my church. And that's just the way this life goes on. Somebody, if you're a mature adult and you have like self-preservation as one of your goals, that's one of the things you do. When you work for people they tell you, oh, this is something you're not going to do or buy by you say, okay. And you don't do it. You mean you don't only say. Yeah, especially when you don't have any need to do it. Do we have any need to play condolese? No. No. That's my point, right there. Anyway, 20, what is it? 18 before 11 at 5.50 QAMs. You're alive and you're alive. This is for 20 or 5.50 QAMs. Jan, the Murphy's got you hurting. Ask your doctor about Valtrex. Valtrex. Because love hurts. Valtrex. I'm so lonely. 16 before 11 at 5.60 WQM happy Friday to you. 122 votes. You should see. The pool. Maybe it'll be that way again today. The way the votes were pouring in on president. We did over 2,000 votes on the two polls. Wow. I think that since Ali on that's a record. Yeah. Let's fire somebody else. I think that's a great idea. The firing of the week. And we had several suggestions for you yesterday. By the way, my friend. Oh yeah. By the way, Georgia's here today. So if you want to pick on him, feel free. I know. I know. That just amazes me because I know that after 100 years that I got a lot of people despise me out there. But you're much more polarizing than I am. Yeah. Why is that? I don't know. I mean, you're so bland. No, that's not being put it off on me. A lot of people like you. But the ones who dislike you, it seems like would like poison. I mean, just hate you with such a vitriol. Maybe it's the spikpactor. Yeah. Well, how do you know that they're Jews? Professional Jews. Oh. Here's Miami. Hello. You're ready? You're ready? Ready for a roll. Okay. But your phone ain't ready. Okay. That's a problem. Underwater caller wants me to retire. Blow it out your ass idiot. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. That was people, just boyfriend. Recognize the voice. Come up for Eris sweetheart. West Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Yes. Yes. Once you get a black DJ there and that prejudice you station. How would you really do? Yeah. Get a black DJ. We don't have no DJs. Okay. Call all power and see what I don't do it. Idiot. Get a white DJ. Get a life. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Good morning, new. Yes, sir. Yes, new. This is, uh, there's a great untype war. Uh, song on the witch talk album. Uh, like country, government don't want to fish. I don't know if you remember this guy. Um, if you change the words from Vietnam to Iraqi name, uh, uh, it would make a great song for nowadays. It would mean we write up today. I don't know if you remember this song. Yes. Like, uh, one, two, three, what a bright. One, two, three, four, clock, clock, clock, five, six, seven, a clock. Yeah. Yeah, right. I'm coming. He's dead too. Maybe broke up the dissonance. Maybe Boca can do something. Okay. We'll pass it along and have a great weekend. Okay. Bye bye. Okay. A lot of open lines. That's how we get a phenomenal response here today. But they don't want to handle it now because they can't deal with the truth. Like I said, they'd rather have a visceral reaction. Hey, you guys, I'll suck you know all the other crap like yesterday. Calling in sucking up in or whoever happened to be the host at the moment. And as much as I love the mad dog, it's just, oh, when you're the only one, Jim, who really is telling the like it is and you're the only one. Oh, man. I'm so tired of that crap. At least it's on this show. I mean, I'm not saying they don't get a little bit of, you know, his story and hate because that's in each of the market. At least on this show, we get some hostile people, even a retire, you know, and that's a breath of fresh air really. George socks, you know, whatever as opposed to, oh, you were so right, you know, all this other bullcraft. That's so boring. Tondrous. And that's because like I've told you for years, most of the people that call radio talk shows are desperate, desperate people who just hope that somebody can validate their resistance on the planet. Like the ones who call and say, well, don't you agree with me that, you know, whatever, fill in the blank. Don't you agree that I'm an asshole? Yeah, as a matter of fact, now that you mentioned it. Here's a call from Bokeh. Hello. It's a perfect leading for me. Neil, are you an asshole? No, life and I love your show. I'm a practicing psychiatrist that happened to be off today. I can't tell you how much how valuable it would was to, to lift a frilgov very very dangerous to to to, to the teenagers listening. Listen, my wife has been, well, what would be by that? Well, to the, the, the decadence, you know, it's one thing to have It's another thing to have decadent so I think damages the psyche when people live. Damages the psyche of the listeners actually get a little bit over the top. Well, that's my view. Is this the professional shrink who calls us? Yes, I agree. Okay. Yeah, I went through my mind before you even said that because this is what you said on the side kind of just yeah. Go practice your extra go shrink it. Okay. In fact, from what I'm here, that already shrunk. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound fire. He's got one of them like them. Jeans, you know, pre shrunk. 5 6 7 0 5 6. Pound 5 60 on the AT and T. Oh, yeah, terrorizing the teenagers out there. Woo. Man. Talk about over the top. Trace that call. Let's get the straight jacket and a butterfly net for this guy. I'm telling you, I love it. I this I don't know when this started. I had not many, many months ago. I had a whole new attitude about these colors. Yeah. No, each and every one of them and it's own bizarre way and it's own sick twisted way like him. That was great. Yeah, well, each one of them has some redeeming social value. In fact, you can take a coupon with it to publics and redeem it. It makes me feel better about myself. Hey, exactly. That's what I'm be thinking. 153 votes. What's your take on the firing of Scott for all and by the way, Greg has a message for these people who are voting. Greg, H. Greg's an asshole 64 41.8%. Oh, don't care. Never listen to for all. 26. The radio business blows 17. I don't know why I put that on there. But I guess that's kind of like a supporter for well kind of thing because he's gotten canned more times than you can say it. No great loss 17. He had a coming was over the top 12. His voice nearly killed me nine. I hated him anyway six and Neil is much more vulgar. Two. So far, you're going to say the the pulls bit up out about 20 minutes. Okay. I said the pulls bit up there only about 20 minutes. Did you say K? Yeah. The 159 votes in 20 minutes. Multiply that time is three and you've got 488 votes in an hour at this pace. Wow. Two what I mean. So I think you're on to something the firing of the week. Oh, parents. Oh, by the way, rubber reaper's next. 567. 50. 50. Pomp. What? That'll never have not as long as clearance is the program director. What if parents gets canned first? Ha, now maybe you're on to something. But he just said to go job again. Get me my check and not only on time, but ahead of time. How's your bonus coming? Oh, yeah, was just already got mine. Got mine, George. Richard could use that for Christmas. Got mine. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. And yeah. Yes, sir. His voice was really, uh, raspy. Yeah. Yeah. It look a bad, um, like a bad record. Yeah, like fingernails on a blackboard, that kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. I got a question for him. I've been trying. Because Ron Ray Ron Wapel. He's a harness. Right. So drive them off. Yeah. I mean, not as much as he used to. But he's still a son Randy is a champion. He's great. Randy Wapel's his son. Oh, okay. Him and Chris Christophe who are the E. drivers in the Toronto Circuit. But Ron still drive some traitors now and then he's still around. Now, could he still come down and he's a pomp and oh? Uh, I don't think Ron comes down here anymore. So, uh, because I lived in a free hole for a while. And actually my dad used to race horses that's pretty old and the bedlands and uh, I was just, uh, let me ask you this. Do you ever see an honest racetrack for you, hold? An honest one? Yeah. Well, think about it. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five. It just did joke. It just did joke, Jackie. Mo. I mean, Jackie Lee. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. Let's start some harness racing talk. Oh, Erica Dell. How you doing, Erica? You're okay in my book and spread a wet dick fineberg says. And what's dick fineberg? I mentioned in Mike Mayos column two days ago. Was it yesterday? I think yesterday morning about the poker room and about the gambling. It's just a Yahoo state dick. Okay. I forgot to tell you that the event. Oh, and let me tell you about my night. That rich, uh, it's a track the other night. Okay. Oh, five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty. On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. In fact, it gave new meaning to that old expression. Do you know what's your expression I'm talking about? You don't fat rich reminds me of my mother. That one. Good to see a rich keep losing that weight. Here's Lake Worth, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. It's that deep in Lake Worth. Oh, no. I'm still listening, Neil. I'll be damned. Where'd he have you been? I've been under the rocker. Finally came out. This is Veggie who used to be Veggie from Boca. Who's now a veggie from Lake Worth because he's getting a lot older? Uh, yeah. I get no older, moving north. You know how to have. Right. Uh, so that'll be in Canada. I sure hope not. I look good one. Okay, Veggie, nice hearing from you. I can see you got your usual great material. See, there's a guy and it's Veggie from Lake Worth. Did he have anything to say? No, it's called to say hello. Just called to kind of like, hey, Jared, it's to be checking in. That's what we're going to start doing. We're going to have check in. Okay. And believe you, me the way this person's going lately. We ought to start with check ins. 80 people say Greg reads an asshole. Absolutely. Correct. Shame on you, Greg. And I'll say it again because I told it like it was yesterday. Instead of all the bullcraft that I was hearing on the other show. Greg made the problem he created. By Boston up the first team, I said to him 100 times if it's not broke. Don't fix it. Don't mess with success. Everything's going great. He messed with it. And for two years now. He's still been trying to undo the messy made. Like if your dog had a big wild diary on the floor and it took it two years. 20 visits by dry concepts and all the other cleaning equipment in the world to try to clean it up. And that's what he's doing. Try to put the pieces together. The big egg that he cracked like, like, how punk, punk, punk, punky, punky, punky, punky. And not only that, but what did I say when a broth for relics? Say when a broth for relics here. At a time when you're just not not that long ago gone through all the kind of leaves of business and all the threats to the license and all this Ben utter shape history and all my God. And then he brings a guy in here and some colors made this point and I agree with it. It's very much like ESPN and Rush Limbaugh. When they brought him in, they knew he's a racist piece of tub right wing crap. So why should it surprise him he made that out where he just commented about Donovan McNabb? They brought him in. They knew what they were going to get and oh, gee, you know. And the same thing here. What did they think they were going to get went for? Wow, was he going to change? What's his act? Got to clean up. Of course not. Look if you bring out going and bring a wild animal to the house. Oh gee, he's crapping all over the house and I just can't get him to calm down. I can't imagine why. In fact, I think there's a great similarity there. I think it describes the situation. Yeah, I think he got a good point there. Yeah, I got a good point. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes sir. Listen, on that survey, you know, there's some of us that actually like that guy. What do you mean? Well, I mean, I drive around, you know, talking about for real. Right. Well, that's why we've got it's leading with the Greg Reeds and Asselt. I maybe you didn't understand Greg Reeds the general manager. So that's the one. Yeah, well, no, no, nothing. Everything is just that I thought maybe there should have been one on there. You know, something like, well, we actually like the guy. No, no, well, that's why we said that and also the radio business blows. There are two very obvious categories that are of vent. Now, and I maybe I didn't word them well. I think that it because there are a lot of votes, but that's what those are for. Okay, because you know, I listen to you and I listen to him. And he has me laughing so hard. So hey, listen, I'm going to tell you. I said this yesterday. I said, again, I enjoyed following him. We had a great cross over. We had a good time here together. I didn't have any problem with him. But the fact is he's his own worst enemy. Listen, it can't, it can't just be a coincidence that he keeps getting canned everywhere. He goes, you think it's just a coincidence? No, no, in fact, in fact, when I would listen to him before they tone the down. Right. I used to wonder how long he's going to write exactly. You know, and the problem is, like, with a lot of other people, he would tone it down for a couple of days. And all of a sudden, when he leaves suspected, boom, there you go again. He would blow up again. That's that said, because I, I wish we could have kept it going. I was having a good time. I think a lot of other people here were too. Yeah. It was a good time. Right. Well, we'll see what happens. Yeah, I guess so. It's a horse ball business. Have a great day. Thanks for taking part. Thank you. Thanks for making your call. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. It is. It's a horrible business. I've been telling you people that for a long time. But Scott, and I'm positive you're listening to, unless he's a Concerting on some of their station or plotting or planning. You know, I don't even know why I'm going to say it. Because I tried telling the bad right in here when he come in here during his breaks. All this week, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday morning. I tried telling that. I tried telling that from Toronto when he come in here in the morning in the early hours of Amnesty's breaks when we'd converse when we would debub by a verbal intercourse back and forth. I told him that on the air a million times. If I told him once on the air, I told him about third man. Just take the money to the bank to whatever they tell you and have a good time. That's all. Tone it down. If that's what they want. Tone it down. Stay in a few extra words on here. Isn't. I mean it's like proven points, like being a hard ass. Being a hard ass. You're not going to tell me what to say. And screw you, that means sticking up here. You know, what is that? Not to mention the stuff that Evidently was going on off the air. Which also some of those people that were calling him Adagues today weren't privy to. And neither was I until this morning. So like I said, it's very easy to be an armchair quarterback. Just like the expert son there when he's ball games they call him in the station around the clock 20 hours a day. But in this particular case there may have been a little bit more there than meets the old eyes. Why? And local. Here's Sports Radio 560-U. 2am. 5am. You breasted. Thank you. Sure. Thank you very much. Sure. I did it. I drove into K-Dab as ha ha ha. I am the covenator. Thank you. It's time to say, Hospital of Easter to California's problems. First of all, I like to thank my worthy opponents. Area the harving then. Thank you. Thank you for making my silly accent. Some normal compared to your silly accent. Cruz, Bustamanthay. There's a place for you and my administration. I need some of the more the law that the covenants mentioned. Ha ha ha. And carry Coleman. There's a position for you and my cabinet. You're my medicine cabinet. Ha ha. You're so tiny. I can stop you in there. Get it. Thank you. But seriously. My first day in office. Applying to announce some broad reaching initiatives. That's right. I'll initiate the plan to reach out and touch a bunch of broads. Ha ha ha. And lastly, I would like to thank my lovely white Maria. She should serve the suburb model for all Californians. I'm sorry my Thomas Covena. Why are you getting screwed? Just lay there and tell me I'm doing a good job. Ha ha ha. Thank you. Thank you very much. I'll be back. Ha ha ha. You're going to do it five, 60, WCM. I added another registered to an error. Another category for the poll. Because the guy that called the truck driving guy. He's right. I never thought about that because I thought that I had a couple of law. But they don't always understand it. It's too indirect. I love for real. All right. That's pretty direct. I'm pissed. I loved for real. Okay. All right. Well, I bet on there. 200 and a lot of votes, man. In a half an hour, George. 241 votes. In a half an hour. Aren't you impressed? Quite. Greg reads an asshole 105. Talk about restating the obvious. 43. And a half percent. I don't care. I never listen to him 35. I mean for real. What's your take on a firing. his blows 26, no great loss 24, he ended coming over the top 22, his voice nearly killed me 15, that's what Philos said, water not see. What? Nothing, was my icon? Uh, I hated him anyway, 9, Neil is much more vulgar for and we just put on pissed that I love her own, it's got one boat already. To try to be a little more direct. Radio Talk Show host John Matthews has been a fixture of the Houston broadcast scene for more than a decade. This is a right winger, by the way. Was indicted by a fort-bend grand jury on a charge of indecency with the child, this enrichment Virginia. The indictment which was unsealed Wednesday after Matthews was arrested, ledges Matthews knowingly and intentionally, exposed to genitals to a girl under the age of 17 October 9. The indictment ledges there was exposure but no contact with the child forp and counted district attorney John Helie's said. The conservative talk show host who also writes a column for a fort-bend Virginia weekly newspaper was taken into custody by Schurkeland Police about 3pm and driven to police headquarters transferred to Cali Jail and Richmond he was released on $10,000 personal reconnaissance bond. Made no statements to reporters as he left jail Wednesday evening. His attorney also declined a comment. The officer delivered him to jail after 5pm lowered the sunbises of his car as he pulled into the facility to prevent news photographers from taking Matthews pitcher. The outspoken Matthews has been a constant critic of liberals Bill Clinton and Houston Mayor Lee Brown's administration resigned from his post at KSEVAM700. Matthews often opened the segments of his show with the instrumental piece, rebel rouser by Dwayne Reddy and at lawyer following the list is called a show frequently. Lot of good old boys. Lot of them boys that Howard Dean was talking about. Them Confederate flag waving, pickup truck driving, etc. Guys. Station owner Dan Patrick holist is Wednesday. The station will conduct a search for a placement. Oh, we know that. A nationwide search help. They're probably get like what's his name that we stay in the morning there. The, uh, what's his name? Sunny Fox is old guy. Ron, Ron, Ron Hershey, are way. He maintains his innocence. Let's see. Does this have any, uh, more information in here about this? So I have a liable suit file against him. Investigation began last month after an allegation against Matthews and made the investigation again after the girl's parents contacted police to an intermediary. He declined to discuss details of the case. So there you go. And the only reason I mentioned is because it's a conservative holier than our talk show host. Once again, always seems to be the case. Just like rush with all of impills will be back on Monday. All you did to heads out there. La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. Can't wait. Don't ever be great in the sunshine state when rush comes back. And they can say, oh, you're the best rush. We feel so sorry for you. Absolutely. Right. And he's just a victim of that doctor who got him hooked on him oxycontons and then Laura sets in all of the crap. Once you take on the firing of Scott for real, we got a lot of hosts man, 253. How much were over 300 in an hour? Wow, that's something. The net amazing. You'll see. We got 25 minutes to go. So if you people really put your nose to the grindstone in your keyboard and put your nose on your mouse. What's your take on a firing of Scott for L. 253 votes? He reads an asshole, 108. I don't care. I never listened to him 36 to radio business. Most 26, no great loss 25. He had a coming. He was over the top 22. His voice nearly killed me 15. I hated him anyway. Nine. I'm pissed. I love for R.8. See, that's moving up. And he was much more vulgarly for. So I heard, and must be the same for I heard call it on the station. I don't know where they come up with that crap. Oh, and I, oh, that's what we need frosted me a little bit with my good friend, the man though. Oh, right. Because the guy who I heard the first one call and said, oh, well, there's nothing that he said on the year while he was here that Neil and Howard wouldn't have been said themselves. Howard David, right, more Howard. Yeah. And Mad Dog said, yep, you're right. Or something like that. I think he said, oh, right. Because he's always saying, oh, right. You know. And I thought to myself, well, whatever you say Mr. Mad Dog, I love you, your great guy, but you're full of crap. Here's a call from Western, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. All right, it's a salad. Hey, Alan. Hey, let's just wanted to select you know that I do miss for real. I think for real was for real was funny as hell. Right. OK. And, you know, the only thing is that I don't want you to say is the wrong way. But most of the time, I hear you talking about his land blasts and all your callers. And I don't actually give what your form at is. Yeah. OK. Now, maybe I'm just naive, but let me ask you something. It'll be Howard. Howard. I think you're burdened. I found for help to be much more interesting. And then, our training. Then me. Oh yeah, absolutely. Yeah, how long have you been listening to this show? Often, on for about, uh, OK, well, honestly, yeah. Just, OK, just a past couple of months. But I've heard you show before, but I never really was into talk radio. Yeah. Well, see, you're entirely your opinion. You like whatever you like. Like you may like vanilla ice cream and I like Iraqi road. But the fact that I'm at risk I've been doing it here for 28 years. So I must be doing something other than just laying based in the cars, you know. I haven't been just ripping cars for 28 years. I think you must have had a very good show. Oh yeah, once upon a time it was a good show. So a month, most of the time I hear you, you're lambasting all your dollars going to media if you can jerk. And I'm asking, I don't know if I have you heard what you're Alan Allen. Have you heard the callers? Yeah, we'll celebrate them, aren't you? OK, thank you. 5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T. There's another expert on this program. Alan, have a great day. If you like throughout better, great. There are people like him better. People didn't like him at all. It's a matter of taste. I'm not here competing with him. Although I do think that was in his mind. I think that was a part of our problem. Why? You're not on opposite each other. No, I understand that, but it was always, wow, I'm going to get triple numbers. You got, I'm going to show you because I'm the button. Yeah, that's fine. Have a big ego, but I mean, in a normal seagull. Here we live, have a gigantic out of control ego. You know? Yeah. And when you talk a big game like that, you better produce a 566 ain't going to cut it. I mean, it was a good number. And of course it was during a book that the station had all the way around. He wrote, and he helped to that. No question. It's a good idea to stay on long enough too. It's a good thing. I'll just stay on any station long enough to really show you can produce something. But when you keep getting canned after a short period of time because you can't totalign, or it can't even come close to the line, then you got a problem. See, I don't know what I had. What I've said that wasn't clear enough. I guess there is a segment of the audience out there would like me to come on and just land based management and say, Boy, they really made a bad mistake this time. And I can't understand what they did. And like I said, the guy wasn't going to get fired anyway. He was going to be suspended. And there was still a chance to salvage a situation. You know, and this guy had more, even they have already cats only got nine lives. Our man, you know, has management that they have to answer. That is correct. The people are on the goddamn license. That is correct. Such as they are, what are band you up in the tree. And that's them. And you can only push a situation so far. And when the people who have helped you to stay employed and keep your paycheck coming every two weeks, are on the phone trying to say, hey, well, you know, we got a suspend you for a couple of days because they're upset about that. And the bubble sit down and we'll meet. Ah, you're sticking up your ass. And I can't repeat all of the language and all the comments and the correct organizations, but it was not a pretty sight or sound. And that's it. And so I can sit here and tell it very directly in the accurately, at least for more I'm saying. And there's a segment out there. It's there and I could have penetrated. It's just it's like the rush thing. It's the same thing. And believe me, I'm not comparing for elder rush. But I'm just saying it's the same kind of mentality. We like so and so and therefore no matter what you tell us, it isn't going to make any difference because we all got screwed. Yeah, five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. And I do want to say this something that happened while you were away. Oh, thank God because I came back and I said, hey, for for help, we must go to Jim else. Yeah, Boris Yeltson right on. And so we got fix it and here we fixed line one is working now, which I'll notice that. And nobody on it right now. Maybe there is somebody on it. Hello. I thought we first line one or maybe it's not. Maybe this is maybe not. No, no, no, we've been using it all week. Sure. Hello. Maybe you think you have. Line one. No, we haven't used it all week. I think you're the light. Oh, it just died again. You see? Yeah. And you want to know why? Because you hear that. Because George is here. How do you like that? It's been working all week. He fixed it on Monday. And he also first the office phone to it. Yeah, for how long? Not a minute. It's 11 past 10 at 5. 60. I didn't tell you about Fritia. We had a great time at the top of the, now we didn't. We had a terrible time. Not that it wasn't exciting there because it always is. But it was just a hey, walley Ross Jr. What got into you, sweetheart? Walley Ross Jr. had three winners including two gigantic long shots the other night at Pomp and O Park. The 40th anniversary season of Great Honest. Raciness underway at Pomp and O Park right now. The race in the night and four nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. First post time 705 for top class nighttime harness racing and high stakes poker too. The poker room is open noon to midnight every live racing day. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. And Pomp and O Park is also open every afternoon evening, seven days a night. So week for the best in final casting. You got your harness through a bread high lie action from all across North America. That you can watch and plunge your guts on the dining room in the top of the park. All by the way, let me tell you about a dessert. Oops. Well, they have a great noon. Oh, seriously. Cheesecake. What's strawberry sauce? When you open a park in the dining room and have that you will think of you and they heat it up. That he wants to eat. Woo. What a combination. The food at the top of the park on the sixth floor is great. Don't forget general parking and admission always free at Pomp and O Park. Especially when you park way out in no man's land because you're waiting for Fertwich to show up with your pass which you didn't. New this season is a 20% increase in purses. A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher in a revamped free power player rewards program that gives you points. You're playing poker that you can redeem for a special gifts in betting vouchers. Every Wednesday at Pomp and O Park is dollar night dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and lots more. Pomp and O Park go their night post time 705 and plunger guts out for the new racing schedule called 954-972-2000 or Under webpomp and O Park dot com. Pomp and O Park a block south of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road. My life and low. This is course video by 60. You're the only two way you have. Pomp and O Park is dollar night dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beer, hot dog sodas, and Under webpomp and O Park is dollar draft beers, hot dog sodas, and Under web- 안�局 рыer koosh San choon andunder windvarit ko showerに Every, every, every corner, every. 116.56 here's a facts from Frank and Melbourne who says, just finished blinded by the right, unbelevable extent to religious rock and surrogate of idiots want to make it the election bill Clinton. Now the same bunch is rapidly defending W. Thanks for putting the book on your side. I wouldn't have bothered to read the other wise. And by the way, Miss Fudge, David Brockhandiballs to come out of the closet and finally admit and mess up when are you doing it? Gonna do it? No. Fony. I think the wheels are starting to come off the Iraq occupation, says Frank. The CIA just leaked the memo about the Iraqi start to conclude that we can be driven up by a guerilla war. I think this shows the CIA's turning on a bushy administration for outing, plain and Chinese brow-bating the analyst about the WMD intelligence. It's weird to think that the CIA may be trying to help with the country of this regime, but all except help from any sources, says, the media seems to be finding some backbone last night, Ted Coppel when after Cheney even posed the question as Cheney a strong VP and Bush just a figurehead. How do you like that? Absolutely. Thank you, Frank, and Melbourne, there's a little bit of hope. And like you said, if the Democrats would find some backbone, well, they're busy filibustering right now to send it. That's good. That's some backbone. Him, Boe. Keep all the right wing judges out of there. And we did it. Not only we do by 1130, we did it way before 1130, which you can't even believe it. Can't believe you're alive. 310 votes in its only 1117. What's your take on a firing of Scott for well, Greg Reads and Assel, 1116? I don't care, never listen to him 43. No great loss 31. The radio business blows 30. I'm pissed. I love for well 29. He had it coming. He was over the top 27. His voice nearly killed me 17. I hated him anyway 12. And he was much more vulgar 5. Although Scott was much more entertaining. Well, that's what that other guy said. I'm just bitching about the corner. He didn't get your show. He didn't understand it. But he has been listening for a while. And he did hear it once in a past day. On and off, he listens every single day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pong, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Plantation. Hello. Bush in 2004. Okay, Bush did that in the bull. Alright, good for you, pal. See you on the back of the truck. Here's a call from Northeineby Beach, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I'm beautiful and don't impact me and don't do it. Ever since I got here, oh. Yeah. Ever since I got here, I've been listening to you guys. For how it tells me what's up every night. And I've been going to the Panthers game, Scarlet. See what broad jams the other night. And I'm a little sick, you guys say. And you guys are going to say what's up. But we're going to go on this time. So is there another station I can listen to and get what's up? Yeah, 1850. They'll tell you where to go. In fact, if you wait long enough, I'll tell you where to go. He would tell them what's up and where to go in his town. Are you ready for that? Hey, pal. Yeah. What else? 560, 050, 5060. Thank you for serving it up so nicely, sir. Fastball right down the middle. 567. Now, if you do fart in there or what, and heard of me, well, something I didn't do the eggfarts in here yet, but I will trust me. Maybe they're gasing it. Do we have a match? Your breath at a buffalo's part? So I can light my incest in here. Here's the facts from Henry. He says, I'm not sure if you've seen this already or not, but it's an article I was sent to me from the November 5th edition of the Business Week online. In discussions, discusses bushes, postwar blunders despite the Harvard MBA degree. Hope you enjoyed if you haven't seen it. Oh, it's a whole article. Thank you, Henry. P.S. He says, don't retire. What? Oh, yeah, like that thing. We'd have please light it in the, uh, uh, several pages. Oh, how many more pages? Oh, that's the end of it. Thank you. Thank you, Henry. Have a nice life. 560. This is your chance to really tell a like it is to look at that phone man pretty week. Pretty week. Your chance to read it at all. Hang out. We'll sit here and listen right till 2 o'clock. Unless you just want to call and do the old suck as routine. Oh, see, Henry goes again, ripping the callers. Here's deer field. Hello. Deer field Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, um, I have a couple of questions. Maybe it'll clear it up for me. Let's clear the air. Let's clear the air. When's he getting a lot of, uh, complaints? Forl? Yeah. Yes. From the callers and from the sponsors. The callers forget about the callers. The callers have nothing to do with the weather we're on the ear and not callers are. See, they're I go again with the callers. Uh-huh. Yeah, as sponsors were bailing out of the show some of them. And there was a lot of stuff going out behind the scenes that he was, uh, you know, they were working 20 hours a day to try to, uh, salvage it. Right. And he just couldn't understand that. Evidently, uh, because he wasn't breaking any F.C. rules or anything like that, right? Uh, no, that's not right. Wow, he was. Uh, from what they tell me. I mean, I didn't hear all of his show every day. But from what I'm hearing he was way over the edge a lot of times. I'm just trying to understand his mentality. What's it like, uh, or just a controlled type situation or, you know, I don't understand it. No, it's called being, uh, mm, what looked like that George was just going to be good. And I think that sums it up very well. Uh, either he just doesn't get it or he just such a hard ass and gets it your massive ego. It's like he's right in the whole rest of the nature. The whole rest of the world is out of step is what he thinks. I don't know. I never encountered anybody like him. Well, you need that self-preservation. Right. In other words, if you go to work at a morning, your boss is if you come and hear where when purple shoes again tomorrow, I'm going to fire your ass and you've shrubbed the next day and you got purple shoes on, that means you don't have any how important is it to where purple shoes, right? Yeah. What's on people just don't have that self-preservation thing in the end. And those people keep getting canned over and over again. That's why I'm trying desperately to explain to the audience, but they don't get it. Well, I didn't want any painting. You want no question. Absolutely. You know, whatever your boss says, you got to do an accident. Absolutely. Okay. That's great. Hey, pal. Well, sir. Now, see how that guy was, you know, he understands it. See, there's a difference between saying you liked him and he was entertaining, which and I would say, yes, to both of those very much so. And on the other hand, he put himself in an untenable position. Period. And even when people hear in positions of power would say, hey, let me help you with this. Let me see if we can solve it. Ask, girl, y'all, bye bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, I see you in car now. Yeah, you can't do that. You can't just run over the whole rest of the world with like your giant mouth of a steamer over alienating your ally. In fact, I think that's a good analogy. A steamer over the mouth. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You can't do it. Otherwise, this thing keeps happening to you repeatedly. You're going to believe me. I know a little bit about this business. I've been in about 100 years. Otherwise, you keep getting fired. No matter how entertaining you see, I could be a hell of a lot more entertaining. Go back to the guy I've called before. If I could just say, and believe me, I support that, but that's not the way it is. Right. I was able to support being able to say every word that's ever been invented on a year. There's no, there is. You know, way that the FCC, it wasn't created for that. The FCC was created to make sure that stations weren't interfering with each other technically on a radio dial. That's the only reason that existed. The FCC act of 34, whatever it was. Even then all of a sudden, a bunch of assholes like Jesse Humm's and some other right wingers over the years that he involved in this thing. Oh, well, we're going to be the word police. And if you saw, we said, well, we have to protect the children. As if the children haven't heard every word that's ever been invented. And some that we adults don't even know what they mean at this point. What do you think is inventing it? Right. That's right. So if it's up to me, he could say whatever it really wants. And all of us would be, hello. That's why I'm thinking that thing with the XM radio, whatever it is, satellite radio. That's the way to go. After broadcast, there were waves and then go on the satellite thing, which is not regulated by the FCC and see a bunch of assholes who, I mean, you even listen to what they just make it up as they go along. First, we had the George Carlin 7 words back in the 70s. It was the WBAI thing. And then they've expanded it from there. And when that thing came down in 87, I guess it was about sexual activity or, um, sexual organs or sexual activity. But based on what? Well, what does that mean? Yeah, based on what? So in other words, sexual activity and, um, X-Gatoria organs and activity are things that aren't part of life. In other words, I guess the people at the FCC, Michael Powell never farted. Okay. Never took a crap. He's a smoothie. Is he, is he knows smoothie? Maybe he eats some bananas smoothies. Or maybe he just eats you'll banana. Who the hell knows? But I mean, I've been trying to explain that for years and years all on the, you're just over the top man. You're just too liberal and too radical. No, that's just the way it is. There's no such thing as a little bit of freedom of speech. And when a Supreme Court went a rule about, you know, a fire yelling fire in a crowded theater, okay, we can understand that because that speech that endanger somebody else. Okay, if you put somebody else in danger, you can't, uh, excuse that kind of speech. Or if you slander somebody else, if you can't excuse that. But sure, that there should be no restrictions on speech. In public, radio, TV, shortwave, pop tent internet anywhere. You should be able to say whatever the F.U. want. See, there's a good, good example. Mm-hmm. We got to play little games. We got to use the initials. We got to, you know, that whole deal. It's, it's wrong. It's bull crap and a problem of the, a majority of the American public is that they've been conditioned with said that. It's bull crap. I heard some woman call up by the mad dog yesterday. Well, I had a course on old bag, you know. Oh, I'm glad for Rally's off because my little children, my children, you know, I had them in the backseat of the car, going driving them to school in the morning. And I don't want that to happen here at that language. And that's what, but you know what, then turn another station on. And for an additional words, you've got little kids on there. Why do you want to listen to a sports show in a first place, bitch? Right, riding their brain. Right. But that sports garbage. Put on a music stage and put on while 100. Why? Or put on WLRN. There you go. Well, no, but whatever. Put on something named by one listen to, put on some rock music. Who will hear her? Put on, uh, well, I mean, you know, if you don't care, put on power. Put on the party radio, I have a party in your pants and stop listening to it. It's like the dog barking at the moon thing again. Try to make it go away. You don't like it. There's eight minute other choices, lady. Okay? And that really frosted my ass too. Here's Jim, who faxes and says, I sure like to have been at Scott for all stand up gig of Uncle Funnyson Wednesday night. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I don't think that took place. Do you? I don't know. I think there might have been a post-bomb. Absolutely. My life. And look all. This is sports radio, five, sixy. You and you and you and you. And embarrassment. But stop to rose. You got more. One or two more. You'll be just like your hero. Be a barrel. Oh, now we know. The only thing in your belly is gravy. All these kids make us romantic. Cause there is something with you that can't be had. It's called a dad. Your children can't win. You don't have a need for a man when you're a lesbian. Oh, there's a new rosey child. She's got a way. There's a company you will be. We're the wild adopted rosey. You're a barrel woman. You better hope that your show keeps going. Cause when it starts, girl, we want all the kids back. Give them back, give them back, give them back to babies. See, lesbian's a remedy, but hot really lovely looking. Loads of beans are in today. Not big fat bullbikes are like you. That's what you understand. I've heard that dice were in and they said, no, not you. 29 till noon at five, 60 WQM. Here's a facts for, well, I better get the story about Uncle. Funny's a little hang up. Here's a poppin. Hello. Hey, you. What's that? Yes, sir. I was at Uncle. Funny's on Wednesday and the girl in the front there. You know, the one that where you where we pay and everything. Well, does that never been there? Well, she told us that due to contractual disagreements with QAM and Uncle Funny's for a while, what's going to be performing? They let us in for free. We had to buy the two drinks. You know, they have a two drink minimum. Right. But they let us in for free. Now during the performance, they were telling us that for all was fire. But I thought that was all a joke. You know, I didn't think that was real. Really? But that's what they told us. Absolutely. So he was, he was an old show. He was an old show. Okay. Thanks for the report, pal. I'm going to take them a stick again. So here's an interesting facts from Chris who says this morning on the highly-weighted Mr. Ego Christian slash Jew radio show. He thanked his very dear friend Jack Thompson for a job well done on getting the very rude and filthy talking Scotfer Rellothi or on WQAM. Mr. Ego went on to say that have Neil removed from the air. It would be a great achievement for improving community standards in South Florida. Says Chris. Well, Mr. Ego, that's for you. Okay. And by the way, what station is that again? What station does anybody know the call in? Does it have call in? Does it have any audience? No. No. But they have 80 million spots to dollar a dollar. For Steve's hair and Steve's penis and Steve's hearing aid and Steve's implants and Steve's nipple rings and whatever else he's got. Breston, Steve's crucifix and Steve's adoption clinic and all these other things. All of these things. Boy, talk about insane jealousy. Okay. Man, talk about a guy just gone wild. 560, 50560 on the AT&T. No, I mean, absolutely. On the AT&T Verizon line. Here's a West Palm Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Man, hey, can Scott go on the air like right now or just hear he had no contract here. Well, you know, he said that he's when one of the shows he said, Well, people are asking me to go up against Neil. Right. So, I mean, I would listen to you, but you know, something they put Phil Henry with those tapes on against me. I think, put what they got washed on. I don't really care. I do my own show. And let me tell you something else. That wouldn't surprise me because that ego thing that he's got. He really really used that he's going to kick my ass and show me. He's another one of these people who's obsessed with me. I don't know why because I wasn't in competition with him. I was promoting him. You're the really is obsessed with me. Well, you're the big dog. You're the big dog. You're the big dog. You're the big dog. You're the big dog. You're the big dog. You're the big dog. You're the big dog. You're the big dog. And I'm finna. This is just a sake of conversation. I love it. But you say you're so you're not allowed to say the words and stuff. You can't speak freely. That's your whole gig is is you know, you say package. And then we know. Oh, we're hip. Well, I don't say. You got me confused with him. I don't say package. That's okay. I can back out that side. It's a raction big package. Yeah, right. Yeah, you know. Right. And we're hip. You know, like. Yeah, but wouldn't it be a hell of a lot of funny. If we didn't have to hint around if we could just say the damn words. That's your whole gig though. No, that's not the whole gig. They have a whole gig. That was the whole gig. I'd be out to dig in ditches right now. No, you're doing it great. I'd be a stand up to soup kitchen. And the the Osborne. You know, the Osborne. Right. Right. Right. Right. I read in the paper. I don't have the CD that you could buy the CD of the whole show. Mm-hm. And they said you can listen to it with. They're without the bleach. Right. And the at least the person to wrote about it. And the paper said that without the bleach, it wasn't as funny because you just here and say the F word. Well, I'll bleep them. Have a great day, pal. Okay. See you. Line one. I work in anymore. I just thought I mentioned in case fixes in the building because he did fix it. And it was lit up there and all of a sudden it just died because George came back today. By the way, George is here. So we're from an ass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Well, not the enjoy ripping you in there. I'm not allowed to say that. I got that screw in. You know what I'm saying? Oh, screw it. Trust me. Everybody out there is an expert in the wall. And in this town, they all got a problem. All you do is picture out the colors. It's all I've ever heard. And this one's so much more into today. Well, you know, something great. Put your mind from 10 to 2 on 940 on 850 whatever for a few weeks until you know, Jack starts with him again. It ain't going to last. Okay. I don't care who they put on. That I'm here doing the best I can every day. That's all muddling along. That's right. Just a lot of way from here in the middle of this. A beastly outfit taken a text right to the bank. Enjoying myself Toronto. Amsterdam Miami. Where would it happen to be? Mostly any place but Miami. And life is wonderful. In fact, Hank and I were a commiserating yesterday about that. About the fact that life is as good as it gets. So if we weren't so fat, but that's beside the point. We're fat. All more than others. Some I not see there. You go again. Why do you do that? That's what I do. Because you're a prick. Right. No wonder they hate you. We'll see our life Hank. I like Hank. A lot. That's why I don't want him to die. Yeah. I was a little bit dismayed. I was very happy to see him. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. That's not cool. Why not? It's not cool. I had no problem with that and bother me. But you guys are like buddies and stuff. No, we're not buddies. I mean, on the air, we were barely even know the guy just saw him in here every once and a while and I never saw him outside of building. Oh, okay. All right. All right, there we go. I have a great day. Here's a fact that says from Mike I don't know if you heard Moses morning. No, I did not. I didn't hear him and I didn't seem I didn't smell him. I heard a little bit right there at the end. I get the car when I'm here about 10 to late. Oh, man. I'm as smart. You know, so I don't come in. We were really any more anymore because that way I don't encounter it I did see Gully in a hallway there. We bought me a we bought me a Gully's okay. He's all right. He's all right not great. He's just fine No, that's just if I had to give you an honest answer to you like Yolty. I like him. He's all right. He's unfortunately I don't know He's in a bad spot. Yeah, I know that I'm not gonna repeat anything you said Steve. I'm not repeating what you said to me this morning because like I said I like you're a good guy and you're in a tough spot But I all all week long so I don't get to hear more because I heard that when Joe Rose went in there Oh, I had a little story. Did you hear about this? No. I told you. Oh Yes, I did hear about it Anyway Joe Rose came in and Joe had jotted down like I used to sometimes do all though Don't do it no more like a few things to talk about you know the dolphin game and I'm working and he had like a littleist and he put the paint down on the account are there in there While Moistil on the ear sank his goodbyes and then Joe walked out there and so during a commercial break the beast tells me Mo looked over and saw the list and one of them out the fourth thing on the list was for Joe to talk about Howard's hairpiece Howard from Boca right Howard's hairpiece and of course Mo I guess didn't take it too well Absolutely So it was like a little chill in the ears what I was describing the atmosphere during across over when Joe Rose came in and Mo Shuffled out. I do mean shuffle. It says I don't know if you're at Mo this morning It's incredible how he's after your job around 16 him and guilty came out of a break just after Neil Rogers promo was played Howard asked Goli why was Scott fired? Goli said for crossing line I suppose Howard said I want to know what different to is with what we just heard the promo Howard said there is a hypocrisy of Q. Amits ridiculous I believe Howard said you're promo or something to do with rape although I'm not sure I just missed a promo The promo had one of those will chamberland rape me cuts or something like that right yo yo yo Let's rate no it said rape you have a interesting part is he's the one that was saying it gang rape is funny. Yeah Oh, did I say that I don't think so I think Howard's gang rape is funny pretending Huh depending on who's receiving oh, but when he's when he's receiving it's always gang rape is funny Oh Yeah, you too well go the uh have a good day of paradise of gay There get lost your fucking bottom You are David yeah, that's right the star stage screen and paradise say you look like what's a bullet That's go. I is will jiblin. Yeah, but you're dead. So are you right now get behind the car? What for what I said get him who what do you what do you what are you You want it all right What do you require me I require you drop your pants now now see here right now Okay, I'm a trunk here. That's nice shit Oh Spirit That's kind of nice We're going don't I get it dinner? gang rape is funny. Okay, kind of a 14 to lunat five 60 You all think that was our website either yesterday that he before the LA weekly dot com interview with gorovin all where he rip ocean ass and now somebody is Keep checking our website. I appreciate the cartoon and the info, but it was already on our website It's really easy to print right there from the website. That's it to you That's a great idea Here's your friend PR Ralph who says number one Scott for us should have kept his mouth shut until he got the mattress in the sponsor good point Ralph Yeah, to the guy your mattress Number two watch mug George comes back from vacation on a Friday to work one day Are you having free food teach yours the ropes? No, what we're going to do is just give a Georgia rope right around his neck and what Scott is like Rick and sides when we're Start talking about the stock market and computers. It was time to turn the dial What what does that mean? What is what is that have to do with Scott? Maybe he's talking about something like why is maybe he talked about the stock market and computer? Oh, you know something he did remember the I Just don't I mean remember you had that guy Shillon calling at the end of his show talking about the market in fact Was that a sponsor something? I guess it was some one of his buddies time. Well, the dog was over 22 and the next time 14 and I said to him I said boy that put Rick and says right off here and it worked for for out to nice Go and Scott Okay, to pull you won't believe how many votes we got a new you'll pee in your pants when you hear this we got 406 and it's a court. It's like cannot even close to Nugien What's your take on a firing a Scott for well? Well, you can't say that they're impartial That's not emotional about it. They're emotional and fired up and pissed off and wild either one way or the other Greg reads an asshole 133 32.7 percent on pissed. I love for well 59 14 and a half percent So right there's like four out was it 40 7 percent I don't care never listen to him 59 no great loss 40 the radio business blows 35 eight and a half percent radio business blows No question about it. He had it coming over the top 34 his voice nearly killed me 27 I hated them anyway 15 and Neil is much more vulgar six out of 400 love and votes 400 love and votes By 1230 will have 500 That's something you ready for that a Shocker on a Friday no less nobody in town on Fridays 5 670 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. What's your take? Huh? What's your take folks? That's our question today not necessarily on the assistant general. What's your take? So what do you think is it the Pepsi or a Coke is it J. Feele or Brian greasy? Brian greasy this week. Oh, that could be bad that probably really could really be bad Here's Davey. Hello All right, listen you guys just so you're listening. There's no there on a turnpike southbound Yes, there's like a camper turn sideways right after Griffin road Wow, and it is backed up. I mean for miles so stay off the Hershey hour. Thank you Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. There's a little warning for a little spy report On a turnpike southbound. What do you say Griffin road? They're abouts or their boats. There's a camper overturned So stay off the turnpike at least on the southbound there. You know, I was going to the track the other night Wednesday And I heard on the traffic on our stage. Hey, I'm Mark Morgan one of those fancy traffic people. He said there's a wreck Let's see where to say what sunrise on the turnpike southbound But I don't work as I'm going northbound, okay, right? But the traffic is like going nowhere. I mean I thought what the hell is going on here? Is it like to the you know like over on the other side of the road? No, just rubber neckers right And once we got past that zooming up to the track and but course coming southbound. It was backed up for about 4,000 miles all the way to Poccipsy Really bad 560 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line West Palm Beach hello No, here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil got Hey, you must be doing something right I've been listening to you since I think it was 1983 you were on 710 Yeah, that was around 600 at the time 790. Yeah, something like that anyway As far as for all goes, you know I really like the stuff he said is you know has a lot of good stuff to say but his voice all man It was bad my I turn it on the morning when I was taking my kids to school. He was I use hard listening to yeah It was like my kids what's wrong with that guy? He's got a bad cold like I don't know I don't know if he's faking it or what you know I don't know yeah, yeah, it was terrible But anyways, Neil love your show. I'm listening to forever I remember I used to used to be on that Toyota thing right real late at night horrible. Oh, man That was embarrassing. You know the old viral days. I remember the one child viral foot the channel there Mark Jacobson and Don Cox rest in peace Oh, man, anyways Yeah, just keep up with the good work and as far as your Greg read I don't know man We don't know either so that makes so a whole bunch of us. Yeah, I just I guess the guy like you said he won't over the line there, but I don't really very hurt and say anything I think I get said it should be the guy that that pushes a button should be responsible I think it was a little high-strung you know high- You know a little high-strung. Yeah, you know, it's just a high-ing society I he for all he just goes on and on he just can't help himself. Yeah, it's you know He's got something there. Yeah. Yeah. Have a great weekend, pal. I you too I'm saying Five six seven and let's do a screenless arrest the way I want you screaming at the callers like that It's very bad don't be picking on the callers like that guy said earlier. Let's do something. Well, it's a little bit of a problem here I hate this studio my student Toronto is far advanced in superior to this crap and line one is out again in here And just you know this is not a place that was designed for radio It's more like Hanky bankie is what it is It's like hearty radio country kitchen. It's a party place in fact We ought to steal that name from the cops people party radio already The cops people Yeah, we're just from Don Cox rest in peace But I was really sad the guy dies. He was on here here for all those years. Just can never wrote one word about him There was just a you know like glamorized obituary there and I was it It's very it's very sad what this town is all about cold and even a for wealthy you Do you realize that both of these articles appeared in the sports sections? Well Well, what were the sports day in a very jackass article? I understand in the hero Because he writes in a sports section, but wouldn't you think that jikas column should be on the entertainment pages where they radio and TV is supposed to be? No, it's in a sports page and Phil with your usual mistakes. Let me be sure mention that again Tom jika you idiot Always mistakes over and over and over again 567.0560 pound 560 on a 8 all the way do like the fact he mentions about the fortuitist thing about Lightning hitting the tower that he was supposed to be start right with like a message from God and we didn't listen here at QAM God was trying to warn us don't put him on there He's the anti-Christ and we didn't listen and now look at what we're doing now we're paying for it dearly Here's Davy hello Davy Florida a Bastion of cow We're Dave people who won't talk on a phone see that Davy couldn't get it out WQAM See all the lines are screwed up see if not damn it's our phone see it would just happen somebody's screw with our phone again Because when you hear that sound yeah when you hear this sound then you know Let me try one more time WQAM yeah see there you go no problem yes, sir. I have the perfect Perfect solution yes, sir. Let's go for it. Okay? The subject got quit ramment Yeah, I was ramming the act about one cousin in it I'm not Okay, put it on the subject. Thank you sir. See I can't talk like that. See that's his normal voice right and people no matter how many times we say that don't ever believe us If you spend enough time talking like that, but but I can't do it because it like just tears my vocal cords You can't stop talking like How he does it WQAM Fuck now speaking Oh, I know how you doing pretty good Hey, look at what's up What's the very good thing? You got a better program. Thank you for that man. What's on 850 what lose you? They got on there They're one You like You said you he said new I said I've a great weekend They got news on here. He's just auditioning he wants it 8 to 10 get we don't do news on a station sorry Pound we're doing screenless 560 560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I don't even know what that station is is that they change it to F the L again. It's news It's not my mistake. The call of his they change it to F the L again the billboard says oh my god Speaking of billboards. I was driving up to the I guess going home yesterday and there's a great billboard for the Schmidt Myster there on IOT the only problem is it's behind a bunch of big palm trees. You can't see it till you're like almost buying Well, that's great. Yeah nice gone boys nice gone PD Bolterie. You guys are the best talk about full of Schmidt WQAM Neil yes, sir Go ahead Find for a very entertaining and so my apparatus What was that You could explain it he said something about his apparatus as for ratters. I think it's what he's not on him man or maybe he's talking about it as as asparagus. I don't know WQAM hello Okay, good WQAM hello. Hello. Yes, sir. That's that buddy. Speak to me Hey, uh, it was it mentioned about the stadium deal. No, we're not talking about that 567.05 60 come one of the sports nerd shows okay. We don't talk about stadium deals. We're not talking about Jack McKean being 100 years old We're not talking about it in boring because you know what sports talk is boring is hell Oh We're sports radio 567 Pound this is rosy old Donald and the clock on my stomach says it's the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour and the way we go There was a no farmer who had done here I he's adding the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the print They're feeding the water their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four They're came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and laces and white blood Beeped up. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin while the boys in the barn yard were show building rep you San later from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock He looked like a man with a tiger ball home in the country with a big fence out front He'd be asked her phone lightly. She showed him her little pet dog who was subject to fits and Maybe she'd let him grab hold over small tender hands with the movement so quick and then she'd been Over and suck down his candy so tasty made a butter sky and then he's threatened with cream all over Her cookies that she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go See now you're telling me the girl is doing a thing to that no idea We got over 40 grand for abandoned perescue thanks to a mad dog and a hump for yesterday Each coming through with some big checks and everybody else in the building It was amazing all the people a little people miss building came through which I think really embarrassed some other people anyway Miguel is doing a thing today with our best in the Elmer tonight's discount auto parts 360 that's 306 oh South-Tixie Highway and homestead from Apple to a clock. He's already there. She had been promoting this all morning, but I didn't know about it Now, what is that other thing say? Oh, he's also gonna be the other place Yeah, so he's doing piggyback side by each appearances. He'll be from 230 to 430 at the Walmart Supercenter 33 501 South-Tixie Highway and Florida City When have let's that's like way way way way way down here in like Let us pick in country right name it Malinga Man Malan sana Just gonna out of parts 360 South-Tixie Highway homestead noon to two and Walmart Walmart Supercenter Check it out 33501 South-Tixie Highway Florida City 230 to 430 Miguel and our best meal stuff I'd have a number for you there, but somebody I guess probably George throughout the sheet that I had when I left yesterday They had the number on it. How much we had? I didn't touch anything in this it was a little over 40 grand but somebody should make candid a touch nothing 560 has that pull coming a lot of votes baby. I mean it's incredible heavy heavy duty 453 votes and Really what it boils down to again? There's only one person. I'm gonna blame for all of this mess. We went through again. It is not jack Thompson. It is not the Scott for rail. It's a Greg read Which by the way, he's still leading the pack on a pole. So even the audience knows it pack in the pole. He's packing it Because the bottom line is why do you why do you put somebody on who does a certain thing who's uh, what? Well, you know what you're getting that's it And then you're gonna like try to oh well, I'm gonna harness that energy and I'm gonna like do this I'm gonna do that and it all is a result of the fact that he broke the morning show make no mistake about it That's why he was so cheap as yesterday. I've been here all week how many times did he actually came in here like said hi? He's stuck it after I talked about it on the era dozen times. He stuck his head in the door yesterday And I was talking about this whole business and like you know that nervous sheep is looking it's And he's all congratulations on the great ratings again and like flew out of there. You know because he knows I'm onto him. He's not fooling me Doesn't matter though. He created a nightmare and we've had a succession from the Ron Hershey Highway days I mean the morning Krode killed crew Jeff Deefo when the Seminole Indian disaster crew. I mean, you know, it's just and then of course mo and let me say one thing about that Facts about mo from a little bit ago See that bears out what I've said before. He's not just happy with dancing on for else Greg yesterday morning Which he did for three solid hours with his audience with his phony baloney cronics. Okay. He's not just satisfied with that What he would love to see is everybody else get fired so that would be like job security for him Hey, that's how paranoid he is No, it really paranoia is when it doesn't exist. That's how nervous he is and Rightfully so because everybody in the building hates you like poison. Oh, you're right about not going to that goddamn rating party For the reason being that you have no friends in the building. You know what you are, Mo You have no friends in the building. You know they got the what yeah, look. Yeah, I'm looking And we still can't find a piece and his dog ate his muskrat So he's walking around with a silly hat on all this week I'm told because of the fact he can't fight his muskrat with dog a bit 567.0560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line what a place See and you know something I see some similarity there. We did a great job of checking the references And how are you how we David and for real for the track record another another great nationwide search WQAM Hey, yes, sir. How you doing I'm doing it when you go back to Toronto, man. It's crazy crazy Yeah For real I've heard him on other stations in other places, but You know when you came out here, he's like he was just rambling Yeah, I'm a little bit about the course and then the grass. He talked about the body's mother Or you know, it just he was kind of annoying talking about your mama Yeah, he talked about my mom once again. He's not like that. Okay. Have a great day, pal. And get out of here. You're real phone it works 567.0560. I think I'm gonna like go. I do a number No, I'm not happy because I just ate another little tiny thing that was in that I'm gonna take that side now. You'll have to forget about two late now. Oh geez. It wasn't even good Well, seriously, try I don't know why you brought that stuff in here. That was unacceptable. They will listen to me And that's why I despise coming here. February had a stroke here because of the same crap And then August I just about killed myself at a 800 pounds of bacon that how he's brought it with my name on it And I just said here and kept eating and eating it and eating it How many strips of bacon was it that thing? But third man times three. I'd say about 90 enough to enough to kill a cow So every time I come here, there are people who force feed me and make me sick So I'm just like I said yesterday. I think a good idea But three times a year I'll get him a red car drive what I'll take my passport I'll drive tonight we're falls across the border. I'll stay for a weekend overnight I'll get to go to the casino there. They got a real ice casino. I'll go cross over to New York State I'll get my passport snap. I'll go right back to Toronto. Where's safe? Well, I where I like it where there's a life Where nobody's gonna be force feeding me crap. We know but he's like I'll try to kill me yet God Kill you with kindness. Oh, no, that tries to effort. Oh, it's so great. I haven't hear this way So stop bringing those assholes in here with food you little crazy spooky old man what that was wrong with you God Only brother and couple nice shirts from Shelley Bloom. They were nice actually. They were very nice I mean it weren't probably colorful enough to satisfy him. Oh, see I wish Mocha to see my nice border by word a same old Yeah, you know just for him just in case I sign well, I want sure they gave you it's kind of got flowers Hawaiian print on it. Wow. It's a little on the yeah pansy side. They got pansy and daffodils What's your take on a firing a Scott for while we're asking here today on a weekend long pull We got 464 votes. That's it. We never 500 by 12 30 credible. We'll have way over 500 by 12 30 Mr. They are foaming at the mouth on this everybody in town Like that they are And I think if you want to do wait to 10 because actually you did that pretty good Huh package Yeah, I did your mom when you come or when you're from right on doing your mom anybody Really I'm talking about that but anybody can do it I'm a little bit I just can't talk to me. We've been a great option here though. Wow. Talk sports when I hold it. He ever talks sports crazy the colors did well That's the colors of civil really want a symbol crowd and at the women Paul man You are an asshole. We were on to him right away So we just started with a lot of classes and that's holy crap. I was on him in these sideways I know you an idiot chronic Paul and by the way Tom Brady says the answer is still no just like Peter North Yeah, Tom Brady says the answer is still no Peter What's your take on a firing a Scott for well Greg Reeds an asshole 145 31% 469 votes the man who created just a like a nightmare just never ends You never wake up from The man stood right there right on the other side of that edge of that counter there at least a thousand times And said to me with his son at the end's about the morning show and he's like I don't know. Yeah, and I said if it's not broke Don't fix it. I said are we making money on it show? Yeah, but we got to have all this long breaks all of us, but I said are we making money on that show not that they really pay attention to me anyway And what do you know nothing? Nothing at all We were making money everybody was happy everybody got along well, we used to like you know have some fun in a hallway there people as opposed to now Now until everybody safely sure that Moe is out of the building everybody tipped those on egg shells in a hallway Because they're afraid the crusty old fart will be out there and his muskrap might get loose Or he might even worse drop his bag Yeah, that's what guilty told me this boy said the worst part I haven't worked with Moe's that you've got a clean his bag out every hour That's not too good. Huh? Wow 469 votes are you ready for that night even ten past noon man 469 votes when George takes these polls when I'm on vacation. That's more votes and he gets in a week right Anyway, great reads in asshole 145. I'm pissed. I love for well 83. So it's gonna put that on there I don't care. I never listen to him 71 No great laws 44 the radio business blows 40 boys say it again the radio business blows He had a comment over. He was over the top 36 His voice nearly killed me 28. I hated him anyway 17 and Neil is much more a vulgar six out of 480 and all six of those must have called in last two days Because I keep hearing that oh, yeah, how come you Rogers still on our stage News a lot more vulgar. He says worst things that for I love his a right you should live so long Some people will never understand the proper use of certain words right on text Some people will never understand as it is between being just a little bit You have to be a rocket scientist because I'm sure not a little bit clever I like the guy said before and go to the age and like using certain ways of doing things as opposed to coming out Just bad, you know, bloating it right out went and out back. It's not the word. It's the placement. I see it's where you stick it It's 11 past noon see there's no example for sure What see if we if we were smart we just had you go in a smart we could alternate I could have pretended they never gone and would have never known he was gone I'm not a man I take it at the end What I can't I can't do the material though. Well, what's so we'd write it out for you? Okay, we're we're we're we're we're we're four sports words out of every half hour We'd have written them in there. You know just say dolphin hurricane I'm a dancer See I do a better than you do I think So I think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna do eight to ten in the for real voice. Okay, and then you'll do ten to two It's 11 past noon at five sixty WK1. I always wanted to our show everybody also around here works like Measley wants a time we got the mad dog at two the hump or four to seven three solid hours Hank Take your body into losing out to please on begging you man In fact, thanks only on two hours because they've once that show is five to six that should be pleasant Oh man the Dave wants that show after that unbeatable performance against Tennessee last Sunday that was just I can't even describe how excited that was watching that Then you got your what we got after that the big always on seven to ten we have an awful lot Oh the big Olaily quite a and he's gonna be at the Kindle Alhouse question markets as maybe If they'll let him in but I doubt it any K follows the big O and then ESPN radio overnight You never who's gonna show up on ESPN radio You never know or he got candy there to the name I don't know Maybe he said Yamama hey big news How that potty at GMC was voted number one numeral Uno in customer satisfaction in Dave County That's right the number one potty at GMC dealer in the whole county a time limit as you'll create a one I think their lower customers who've been supporting their joint for over 35 long years Stop by how that potty act right now and check out the potty act vibe Normally retailing for over 20 grand you can buy fully loaded for 16,500 bucks Tastax and tag How does your truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from including the you call and you'll connect sell and coming soon to Halib potty act a brand new and exciting On-voi x u v the most unique SUV on a market anywhere And of course as always you find a great meal deals every day at Halib potty act 134 O1 South-Tixie highway that's their legendary location on US one right across the street from the falls a little bit north of those places where Miguel is gonna be The open every day seven days week front more info called the new Rogers Neal the hotline toll free this my close personal best friend Greg read And I don't want your autograph and one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven no forget all offer something to credit approval See our friends and Halib for details Halib potty act GMC unlike Greg they are professional grades See My heavy has a violence for a champion baseball team not one before the series no fans were ever seen Not at their chance they have a fans surrounding them like rats who went to celebrate over one Refunds for their husbands. They're just programming for names But they need to run support unless they want Yeah, they're just crumpling for me Running for me Don't give a crap about the one Miami brand some deep in about him mile square But all around the pouring can't win no one really cares For whole that they can interest in supporting their own team will call us for her radio to get their tickets Because they're just Running for the Crumpling for these short ones the portal must they want And they're No, we go home now So Greg reads his how much he eat for your charity and I said Longestie us cross 17 at five sixty wq. I'm here's a fact that says I Agreed that it was for all self destructive nature though that was firing however The real issues that the people like jackass Thompson don't like what's on a radio They can listen to something else absolutely correct but of course you're not dealing with the yeah Nobody should be allowed where I can listen to Nobody should be allowed to tell me what I can listen to is what they mean and if his ratings were a Brominer a lot of people wanted listen to him Greg read is not the bad guy here perhaps for the first time It says and he just walked out of here would like to have heard this the bad guys are people like jackass Thompson and Fox News Had to say thanks well, there's no question about that, but The fact is we put on a whirling auto controlled dervition expected we're gonna be able to like kind of Temporate you know what I'm saying I can't gonna dog with this temper and saying oh just calm down skipping oh gee it just bit me yeah Skipped just rear-up skipy oh Speaking of skipy and he's the only one that self-department It came in here anywhere near me this week. We're hasn't given the time to abandon pair rescue the good news is a week without Todd Drek Oh, what a pleasure and a week without Bob Eisenberg. Oh, what a pleasure Bob's a good guy. No, he's not Why do you say that Bob I remember what is that? What are you getting from him because you'd never would say that? He tries he comes in here with copy periodically That piece of copy from out of that's got the two bad mistakes in it. You mean right that one yeah, but if we say He doesn't even prove for you that he didn't even look at that's too much effort Plus Todd Rex running a boiler room agency out of here just like we heard the day I found out about that from Jeff Hi, no, yeah, he's running a boiler room out of here. He's got his own little agency like PD Lenny did That's why it was spots. I don't want to mention which ones they are have that crap copy on here that because they he's doing it And they let it but the good news is I haven't seen high near here him all week long and I only got an hour and 41 minutes and that'll be Bye bye. Bye. Thank goodness Let's see. Here's the fact it says more interviews himself This guy thinks so much of himself. He didn't interview himself. More interviews HD I think more his feet lose aging because he defends the loser whenever possible this morning guilty and mode got into Overfeatler. Oh, that's good. I wish I would have heard that maybe go to grow a little pair huh? Little tiny Here Oh, you know, what was obsessed and of course, you know when you got your head stuck up a guy's ass It's hard to like separate it five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line McGellink and everybody's no money down there. What does he do when we're to held down there? You gotta go down there sometime. No, you don't Hey, you still live there. Don't know comts. That's what for I used to say What's your take on a firing a Scott for real? I bet you we got oh, look at a 502. It's only 20 after You're just George is cannot let it leave this. He just you do have the luck mind you That you don't always have more results, but I mean Are you trying to say it's one of them hot button issues? Yeah Now what is this? This is an interview where we're now to this come from look at that with mode when an awful muskware I'll just said and a muskware is about like two thirds of the way back on his forehead Mike Oliva of Finn zone dot com did a quick interview with the voice of the dolphins Howard David This is amazing and they just fasted the me it's got a picture of Moe with his like I said his thing way back on his Mac of his head thanks, go ahead Scratch this brought us to check don't come in here again, please. I just ate how much? 100 bucks from a screw-in. Let's hear it Oh, I'm burst her and Greg in the given that's see I don't pull any punches man I think people are making money like they aren't plus I'm making them a lot of money, right? So even though it's not going into my pocket if it's a charity I care about what she does very much abandoned pair rescue They ought to be happy me out and they are because I'm burst them into it because I've pitched and screamed at holler and she opens it Hey screw-in get lost and by the way has the book selling Oh the book one in the pink one in the stink Here's the let's see Moe fever can jefe there be a quarter now. Oh, I see I don't get it. It says Moe and HD Oh, I see what the guy was saying I don't understand the previous facts. I thought it was just a little joke But it wasn't because then a question to it says Moe says you Moe So I guess the interviewer is called Moe This is given name for whoever the movie was. I don't know Moe can jefe either be a quarterback that leads the team deep into the playoffs How are David says yes? Jfiedler can lead them deep into the playoffs Not that they ever run in game and signing feetler was it given well, so it's better out there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Okay, I'd like that 560 70 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We're doing screenless leave George alone W to Q a m Q a m How was it? W to Q a m hello Yeah, I like to talk to me, oh, please. Where you calling from? I'm calling for a lot of mail. Here's a call from for a lot of mail. Hello Neil, guys speaking how are you pretty good? We got a little take on his forl thing. Okay. What's your take? Sure. I'm not very original with all this. That's okay But I'm looking at this I remember how we're turned the movie private parts It's the whole thing reminds me of the peak vomiting counter where they brought him in in New York City And their whole goal is to change him from day one and temper him. I think it's exactly what I thought this whole time I got a guy who's this is person out is from day one How they try to do with change of in its ridiculous. He got the ratings form and he was doing exactly what they should have What he should have been doing getting the crowd to listen. He got it all and riled up whether they hated them or loved them Just like you do and he's doing his job and for some reason other they couldn't take it Okay And that's it and I love you. That's really what I make love to you. Okay next week God bless thanks by long distance Zoli and North Miami says as far as Scott for Relo goes and started to seem go he's very entertaining got me listen to cum for sick This is Zoli you know chronic Zoli you know that is yes, good. Yeah God may listen Eight six hours eight to two only you made you and him made me laugh it was the only talk read by Boba Boba so if he was morally indecent and is ready about rating Greg really a stupid you're an idiot Zoli. Have no idea what you're talking about another radio expert. Okay Now the expert doesn't have a clue what he's talking about And the fact saying too good either 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQA M hello Yes, sir. Hey, what's going on? How you doing? Hey, what have happened to Timmy from passions? Dead He died really not not just on the show, but for real. Oh Oh, you didn't know that you didn't know that? I did not know that about a year ago Speaking with the fishes in fact he's taken with the tuna fishes in the canary there the Julian's canary Oh, no closing yes precious popcorn for tea Edna Wallace greatest character in history of TV take a mistake about it I was on the phone yesterday and missed the part where all that's right. They'll see it today If I told them the Charlie really was Julian's father, Alistair Crain I bet the audience that Evan always break down. I would spoil a form No because he's in his chair lighten up a big cigar and he pulls off the the mask and a whole thing with his Dite woman Charlie that he's been playing it turns out it's Alistair Crain of course is wanted Sheridan dead for a long time anyway See no, yeah, I was gonna watch it today Damn it Sheridan still looks pretty good 567 end of the McGill 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line You got it just to see the orangutan just to see precious He's got the lips just like George W on our website on the WMD search yes speaking of McGill he said No the homestead thing what Our McGill is in homestead yeah and nothing he hasn't said anything that's why I'm saying speaking of McGill Or you trying to give me the familiar again? Well if I went ahead out of promoted all morning then already Be around this morning when I'm going to the bottom was the one from yesterday because I didn't know But he ever told me we're doing another one today and especially wait on there man McGill is a discount auto parts door 306 oh that's three 6 Top takes you highway at homes that not all two o'clock and obviously not getting any response with our best immersion nice and then let me at the Walmart Supercenter at 33501 South Tixie highway in Florida city from 230 to 430 I think that's a good place for Walmart for the city excellent place for it way down far from us where will be safe WQAM hello WQAM hello Neil yes sir God speaking Hey Actually, I think they fire the wrong guy in the morning there. Yeah, I'm old Howard. He's so Yeah, I'm gonna get a personal life But this is a morning I personally I'm gonna have to noon kind of person. I never wake up that early right now I don't have to put up with it and listen to it But then again I could always change a decision You know what they're trying to avoid people changing the stage That's what we're trying to avoid we want to listen 247 man. Yeah. Yeah. Well Those are great to have told okay. I just told him that when he was in here and he agreed that's the best part So yeah, you're right 6705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Let's see how many votes are we gonna have by a 1230. Let me take a look look at that 525 And that's with four minutes to go until 1230, Mr. or has 600 by one. Oh easy And by two o'clock, I might have like 50,000 votes on there See if everybody in the audience could actually vote You know it's I never realized did you realize that only 25% of America have like PCs There was a whole big a report. I was watching the other day about that I can't believe that especially with regards to the children and how far ahead of us they are yeah, it's scary I'm talking about like just in general 25 they split down ethnically and everything it's fascinating Some pretty boring anyway if you want to replace that terrible carpeting in your home. Let me tell you about Laminance or rush do the easy the smart the intelligent low maintenance alternative to very extraordinarily expensive natural wood flooring Laminance or rush is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from parator or per grow Wilson are uniform or quick step And all of Laminance or us flooring is installed by per grow certified installers too Here's another reason to be called Laminance or our step prices are so low your eyeballs will probably pop right out That's right now you can get their fall special for just 1495 bucks. That's correct Just 1495 dollars gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful easy to care for Laminate wood flooring And Laminance or us will match any legit and written offer to for a free and home estimate call Laminance or us tool free And tell that old Neil I mean underlined the old parts say that old fart Autoded call it's one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six They make it so easy it's unbelievable free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and Years and years and years of beautiful easy to care for Laminate wood flooring call Laminance or us two day tool free One eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six A M A this is the chic free and dead as Miller audition let's begin Okay, Mr. Dennis Miller here I am going to be giving you this magic one hang on a second here you give him a one Dr. Fry pick up the white courtesy phone Hey nice self-pitch it got there, Sikki. Yeah, you look like Carson Cresley after you read it evil can tables wardrobe Hey listen leprosci all right. This is gonna work out okay in my mind There hasn't been a decent two some of the biggest since Louis Brema and Kaley Smith Okay, I Mean I don't want to go off on a ride here. Oh, yeah, thank you, Mr. Miller. We'll teach you okay Well, I'll leave you with the words of our comedies. All right, look it up. Never head on 16. Okay Next is right 1231 at 560. I haven't even heard this year Main man by new best friend of the radio station Neal Rogers coming up the 10 o'clock Yeah, you should look so long you prefer to old Coold it's a 29 to one at 560 WQ and I know what I think is must practice right away probably left home Just got tired of his crap We got one maybe the greatest facts we've ever had and then the worst facts when maybe not ever Here's the fact that says why haven't you mentioned judge where you're more getting canned because we headed on immediately yesterday Like moments after it happened on a show And because it was on our website to hold story and in fact I read the whole story late in the show We had the story the moment of broke and then I read the entire story from CNN on a website yesterday and it's also on our website. Thanks Greg Greg just brought in check you see how I work I don't monkey around I went all the way to the top We started with some of the underlings who brought in their little dinky checks and then we went all the way We got the the mad dog and the Humper and then we got screw in and now we got Greg read brought in check for a million dollars Did you walk over there with you? Check the camera she was and five That five dollars right five dollars You know something in his case it wouldn't surprise me Man why hit this place $5,000 from grabbing $500 right five height. Yeah, who knows with him you know five sit five cent from a great Who cared enough to set his very best? Wow, what what is this QM headlines? What is that all about? I don't know look at the QM.com source It's from Bell South Internet service. I say I don't know what that I get it's certainly can't be for me Hank old bird's pick him contest. This is on I don't know what this is on QM.com Well, we don't that's not for us. They got the wrong number Go by the somebody else go by the sports nerds Why have you mentioned judge Roy Moore? Oh boy that is so sad so pathetic if you'd be listening if you take a look at our prestigious website Maybe it's one of them people out there that can't afford or isn't sparn up the steal a PC You can mention judge Roy Moore then you have then I have that's right no mole Anyway, here's the other facts it says Neil no wonder mr. Ego's saying nice things to Jack because they have a lot in common One is they make believe talent on a make believe radio station The other is a lawyer who's registered at rest with the Florida bar is a suite at the mailboxes at Cetara on Dixie Highway and Moral Gables Neither one has a real job or lives in the real world and they both desire attention more than anything else in life I know Jack from his church. He's no better there I know to both of them. I can make my own decisions on Moral's thank you and if I need any help I'll be sure not to call you great facts. I'll stand That's maybe the best that great a frame or that is it's a frame or let's frame it I'll just stick it in my pile Oh TV is made nation complacent allegoric says I might I got a whole bunch of stuff here But I'm so intent and getting these calls in here because they're so good Well, I don't want to knock the callers because that other guy from early. He will listen no more and you'll have said I get about that get it. I love this My buddy My name is my new best friend of the radio Neil Rogers coming up a tentacle Die you old disgusting piece of crap died died die die die a wicked nasty death with oozing bloody diarrhea Okay, don't die out with a bad look on your post just die fast. No, I say they back die a slow-long excruciating death I hate you you're the most vulgar vial piece of turd that ever would not just in this business in any business on a face of the earth You make Hitler look like a good guy you make God and gang is kind seem like a Sunday school teacher God Peace a turd you I like y'all do you ride say some things, you know? I had a chat with him in a hallway this morning a lengthy chat and we took in an a leak together 546 votes George 546 What's your take on the firing of Scott for well? We'll start at the bottom now work up for variety Neil is much more vulgar only seven out of 546 7 I Hate it a many way 22 not much his voice nearly killed me 32 He had it coming he was over the top 44 the radio business blows 44 we know that Anybody who's been for more than five seconds Know is that the radio business blows right we know as it blows Absolutely His voice nearly killed me 32. I hated and I'm going to wrong direction now The radio business blows 44 no great loss 51. I don't care. I never listened to him 80 I'm pissed I love for well 104 and great reads an asshole 162 So if you take the ones that are like supportive let's see 48.6 56.6% and then add on there from about 58% so like 58 42% Supportive as opposed to like sour and damn you know like that WCU a M What is it? Hey, yes, sir. Speaking I beg your pardon He's not here no more He ain't here no more we got canned Then they're keeping the old moment Oh my god That's that's like oh my look are you that no I got a better contract in both of them Okay, paly I like that guy to call mad doggy staff spent the whole day with Scott and you're the only one on the station who told it like it was That's just it just made my insights twitch. I thought I was gonna get like my irritable ball acting up again Because it's so full of crap. There is absolutely nothing that I said these last two days. There wasn't right on the money I had my thumb right on it. They will take it from us how we tried on the inside to Make it all good right and how I said here the three days that I was here this week until it ball blew up and I'm sitting here Please don't do you know don't say Ah You say this all in it's always it always comes back to me, which I don't do that. I don't know you know But he's he's hallucinating things I believe He tried to explain the difference right more than one occasion. How do you explain something as somebody who doesn't listen? How do you ever cover it reminds me of my mother? I was there in my mother's yesterday For lunch and after lunch I should just get up and walk out because no matter what I say She's not listening anyway and at one point she started it and I could see while I'm talking Her the wheels are very slowly and her old head and then at that point. Oh, I forgot what I was gonna say But even though she did forget what she was gonna say to interrupt me She made a point that no matter what I was saying she's still didn't hear it You see what I'm saying So her the madness in her method still worked because she wasn't gonna pay any attention when I was gonna say it was the same with him You cannot listen to somebody answering or suggesting or discussing when you're going You know this all the time It is you like famous people you like joining fan clubs Do you have absolutely no sense of human decency whatsoever? Then you and the Scott Peterson fan club. Oh, so funky. There's no way you could kill Of course not that's why thousands of women are writing love letters to Scott and prison hoping to become the next lucky Mrs. Petersen. I think I can change him. He doesn't need changing his so you Well, you sound like the perfect candidate for the Scott Peterson fan club Sign up now and you'll get a Scott Peterson poster a Scott Peterson buffers sticker and a set of Scott Peterson trading cards I'll train you two Scott to be orange here for one Scott and you're in jumps to now away That's the most correct one Membership in the Scott Peterson fan club also entitled you to receive personalized cards and letters from Scott himself Look I got a letter from Scott You want some Mary me and take me fishing on our honey Sweet once one lucky fan club member gets a chance to meet Scott face to face Behind it to instick reinforce last window every third Wednesday between the hours of water one 15 p.m I hope he has your hair that day. Yeah, that makes him look so homicidal Join the Scott Peterson fan club because you're almost as sick as he is Absolutely it's 17 till one at five 16. Nobody can mad dog at two hopper at four They want statue at five like I said that should be a real winner. You know, that should be really depressing maybe They can't have a wake quasi hypnotic influence in TV in America's foster to complacent nation as a dangerous democracy former vice president Al Gore said Tuesday Gore speaking on media and democracy at middle Tennessee State University told attendees that a client of newspapers as the country's dominant method of communication leaves average Americans without an outlet for scholarly debate. I guess you never heard this show When you say we have scholarly debate all the time every day intellectual every call Our democracy is suffering an age when the dominant medium is not accessible to the average person And doesn't lend itself most readily to the conveyance of complex ideas about self governance score said instead it pushes toward a lowest common denominator Or he must have heard the show Gore said the results of that inaccessibility are reflected most prominently in the change priorities of the country's elected officials Who feel that debating important issues is relatively meaningless today. How do they spend their time instead raising money to buy a 30 second TV commercials? Students and members of the community fill the 235 seed out of toir inforgores appearance Several hundred more whack to speech on a big-sweet monitor setup in the building's lobby It was the first to two lectures students at 200 college campuses across the country also watch Gore speech via satellite and asked the former vice president questions by calling a tool for your number He said democracy in America flourished at the head of the newspaper era, which empowered to wonder influence the many That change with the advent and subsequently popularity of television said noted the average American watches for hours a TV a day What does it do to us that has relevance to democracy? Does it encourage passivity? It is connected to the obesity? Is it connected to the obesity at the epidemic if people are just staring at little box for hours a day and has a big impact on democracy? He said and there's nothing worse than staring at little box all day Or a big one that's what Peter North said Gore said a remedy to TV's dominance. Maybe the internet a print based man. He's right. He invented it. He ought to know a print based meeting that's extremely accessible to the average person We have to choose to rehabilitate our democracy in part by making creative use of these new meeting by insisting within the current institution I'm just gonna tell you right now with it without alcohol if you want to truth go to the internet And there's a lot of book out under two and a lot of phony scam ads. You got to know where to look So we're at our website and go to the links, baby go to the links Clip it snails every few months they get dangerous 571 votes on the pool. I'm glad somebody got that because nobody else will maybe three other people yeah 560 5050 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line come on. Let's hear it. Let's have it screenless Screenless until two this is it because after Monday we're going we're going back to like our usual crap Whatever that is like what is that? I love that guy That guy that called me for early in the show about well, you know I I've listened to your show and I can't other than ripping the colors. I don't know what your show is all about our show is about ripping the colors Okay, sir. That's right They call me just decided you call we rip your ass Not here. Let me show what I heard. WQAM Hey, you idiot get out of here Yeah, that's an informed what's not to understand what's not to like That's a new format. You said thank you sir. I've been searching 28 years for a format in the style that might work this is a rip the colors WQAM Neil moron Jackass Idiot Right absolutely sure See you like it. I think the audience might go for them. I get no shirt 567 and you know something we don't even need any real colors. We can just have some really colors. Yeah What's that? I don't know we haven't had one this year Now we get lucky like I told you if you keep going through a few thousand right out and there's like a gem You know it's like pick it looking for curls of corn and Find in the appurl you know That's right Pick in the seeds out of your uh no, not of that out of the out of your pot Like sit and right and all the stuff Oh my god. Here's a diamond. Somebody must have dropped in my little bag 567 and I will sign them in bag Diamond in the rough. WQAM About that course speech about the Gore speech yes, yes, where you've home from? I'm pop for water now. Here's for a lot of nail hello Yeah, yes Yes, you know speaking Like to talk about that Gore speech. Okay I'm a man. What is it? Pander and man. Pander and what? If you go I have like your report report give the same speech to a group of Southern Baptist In What was this this is this question is he running for anything? No What are you worried about idiot 567? Pound 567 Yeah, I was just waiting to see what I had to say that I answered them and rightfully so Tells you worried about L Gore for So you're just afraid man. You're just afraid because you know that bushes days are numbered and come over here from now It's gonna be bye bye bye bye bye bye. You and your bull and man you and all your fascists Chaining all these other damn monotis man or running this joy. I ring us in the ground And all these human sacrifices over there and you're racking around the rest of the world While we ought to be worried about a summer your mom and that's what we need to be doing This it's just mind blowing didn't they just tell us a few months ago that I'll kite They had cut off the head and it was basically impudent and they couldn't do nothing normal and now a lot of sudden Rumsfeld here says last week well we're having mixed success Against the alkita and less success against the Taliban that's performing in Afghanistan well that times be a promise Just like Paul Bremers reported who said it basically it's a disaster He said I'm the master of disaster in Iraq, but they found the answer what's that more military strikes more military strikes more I don't know what is this operation iron hammer right in fact the hang said I said it was on his way over yesterday. We love the studio We're gonna bomb them until they treat us like heroes because he heard that they got a great the Joe Stone crabs over there and bagged that I wonder for all got to Joe's before he got candy think I don't think he did In fact, I believe it was like after we show on Wednesday. I think he was a head-knoth to John. I don't know Let's see fill and mudgate says don't know if you talk about this but this comes sent will has a blurb and section Today today about the jethro on that you mentioned I got that here. I got the story in my pile Good reminder Here's the story from the associated press jethro tolas off the playlist of a classic rock station after the bands frontman Quiddish eyes displays of the stars and stripes I hate to see the American flag hang out of every bloody station wagon out of every SUV every little Midwestern house in summers and Entry area Ian Anderson was quoted as saying in the interview published Sunday in the Raspberry Park press It's easy to confuse patriotism with nationalism flag waving ain't gonna do it. Amen. You go boy The verdict from listeners of WCHR FM's the free beer and hot wings morning show was swift The reaction of our audience has been 99% in favor of the band and 99% in credulous Did he would say such stupid things said fill low caskio WCHR program director and on air personality He's a smart guy as far as work concern this band is forever He said the band isn't censorship because our listeners write to ask us not to play the music is equal to his right to save what he wants And I'm sure he's crying all the way to back Plum clunkling the jungle all the way home. Yeah, that's right. Let's have a bungrel in the old jungle just an honor of a jethroed dull First of all, but how about my partner music just because it sucks not because of the fact he said something they don't like even though it is very true ball these phony baloney flag waivers out there Good for you, Jethro you go like I said go You think we're getting your 600 votes ought to be boy All right, you know how it slows down it does there's a there's a rush well that's because whenever you change oh 589 votes did you say rush he'll be back Monday by the way Don't bother us we kicked him in the summertime. We kicked his ass of a kick him in a fallbook too. You'll see yeah, but It's this phony phony used to be really fat ass. Well, I was looking in the mirror yesterday Yeah, naked right after I got out of the shower. That's fun. No, it's not not when you're me. I was being sorry No, and I really I don't have a fat ass No, it's your puppet about all my fat is right in here. I'm not sexy. I thought I had a fat ass You're too, but it might all my fat is like right around the middle here I've got a huge fat disgusting cottage cheese Pupic Man, it is nasty and nauseating. You gotta get a tuck 589 votes on the pool. Oh, that means I love more to 600. I'm not gonna look look what have it aforella I'm not gonna suck me to that What's your take on the firing of Scott for Al? 7 say I'm much more vulgar than he is only 7 1.1% a Paul Piffu who haven't got any clue What to do? I hated him anyway 23. That's not nice. His voice nearly killed me 33 He had a coming was over the top 46 The radio business blow is 50. No great laws 57. I don't care. I never listen over 85 14 Afrocent of a listen to the for all myster I'm pissed. I love for Rall 118 20% and get great reason asshole 170 28.8 percent I think his kids voted on that one too by the way That's 48.7 percent thanks for the check rag and screw-and-tool And by the way, her book is selling like crazy like how cakes I don't know what you're laughing about you can probably get around 90 borders One of the pink and one of the stick. You know who bought the first copy? Rall did you know it was a pop-up book? It is a pop-up. Yeah, that's the voice it Rall 7 till one at 560 WKOM we're doing screenless here 560 505 60 has Miguel doing I've achieved that $20 See why he wasted our time. What why is this going on? They bitch nonstop when you're gonna bring the van down here into the hinterlands. We're not never again The van is at the discount auto parts. We've got 20 bucks which means we've settled one CD or one more Howard David of keychain or one mad dog Keychain something 20 bucks Everybody even pay for the gas for the van going down to come and back good thing the station pays for that right sure This guy auto parts at three oh six oh 360 South-Dixie highway and homestead from now till two and if we can't raise at least under bucks down there It's gonna be embarrassing and humiliating What else wrong with you people down there at homestead don't like animals? Walmart superceter with three a three five oh one south to Xie highway and Florida City Miguel be there wasting is I mean having a good time between two thirty and four thirty with our stuff I just nobody wants to see our stuff even George C Scott WDQ a n Yeah, sir. I don't care woody fill it for all times plot will never be the same again But that hour guy man. He sounds so old like he needs a half of my agrippos So you don't pee on his shoes Oh Yeah, but you did I'm sure you did five six seven oh five sixty anything you stole with the CD There's no you can't hardly steal the mug off the internet right idiot WQ a m Hello, yes, I was ma'am. How you how are you? Okay? Good. I'm from New York. Wow. Nobody's perfect. Right. Oh nobody's perfect. I just I'd love you show I wanted to wish you a happy lady birthday. I can get through much too late. Oh I love you But I love I love you. She love. Thank you. Okay, and um and your show rocks. I show rocks. You're funny dude. Yeah, and I'm so happy I got through right now. Great. Yes. It's great. Okay Would have been even better if you had something to say five six seven oh five sixty pound five What what I was appreciate nothing to say. I'm a class you got through because it was just a suck ass And we're insulting all the colors anyway right? And she needs to be insulted too. So don't take it Personaliss you want to honey because you just another one in a long line of insults waiting to be your bitch that That's what I sure should look at other guy wanted to hear he said all I hear on your show is you bitching about the colors and so he gave me an inspiration Even nice people will just cut you out don't take it personally. It's his show business. Okay You know I mean I'm so good there you go even he understands it all on your case. Well we make an exception in your case It's business and it's very personal Boy it's the one to two hour Five sixty W Q a m presents another edition of fly on the wall Join us as we take a look at Reggree and working feverishly in the office of his milk carton factory Yes, there is and are you consulted to see a good send them right in okay by the way, Phil's Did you like that box that can be I gave you yeah if you know there's over a hundred pieces in there Thanks for the sense Why tanner have a sea thanks any ideas on what the rename my milk carton that's kind of tough See that people have been calling them milk cartons for so long now look at oh What I'm looking for is something fresh and new to how about milk carton container Milk carton container Gee that's wonderful now I know I hired you on self-planting like it now look at what do you say we go down to the assembly And I'll show you this week missing child here all hard. Well come on. It's now this way Stay tanner you haven't seen any missing children lately. Have you oh gosh getting just kidding Well here we are Mr. Reed enter please oh it's you well here it is what is it? Very nice and now look it over here This is our skim milk line. I'm right. You see we change from traditional blue to build a thing kimchi Drain your time your time The whole of the show is grabbing It's a minute after one at five 60 WM is very good that you just got that call from normal camp That's excellent Anyone on a Y? Why you see because this is the kind of crap that goes on in this community and then the game is played this way I threaten you I intimidate you I make your life a hell and therefore I can do all kinds of shanigans behind the scenes and you're never gonna write about me or talk about me or let the public know that it's me jack Thompson Who's doing all of these things who's behind all of this crap? Then I can happen on this show jack and I'm gonna tell you why and if you're listening right now you ought to get your toothbrush packed up because you're going to jail Because years ago after you stole two years of my life with all the shanigans when it was my turn And we finally got to the sign an agreement After two years of living hell and in that agreement you said you wouldn't listen to this program You wouldn't mention my name you wouldn't refer to me in any way shared perform Then we had to get a permanent injunction against you harassing me and and stalking that was before the stalking laws run a books So they can't come within Africa what it was 300 yards of my house of me of anything So I'm off limits for you jack and I'm not gonna be intimidated like the rest of the people in a meeting this town so you can pull all your hacky pancake Behind a scene and send thousands of psychotic emails to Greg Reed and Norm Kent and get help to get the Forel fired off the year. I think the audience has a right to know what it's all about And by the state's net has spent 90% of their waking hours off ending this guy off because I know him better than anybody else I spent two years of living hell so you can send all the letters you might be and and Norm's call for the benefit of the audience was Oh, please have me a lot mentioned me by name on a year Well, you're not supposed to be listening anyway the only way you know I'm mentioning your name and went by the way They're coming on faxes from the audience and they're entitled to mention your name your public figure such as you are See I'm not a scared So I'm gonna sit here and let the audience know who it was and why does it and just like I said yesterday the idea that one person Can dictate community standards in an area like this where we got four million people living is an outrage But this is the way the game is played. Oh, well, if you've mentioned my name on here I'm gonna start saying no you're not not concerning me. You're not are you're going to jail Because you're in violation already of our agreement. You're not supposed to even mention my name I don't exist as far as you're concerned Jack 560560 pound 560 only AT here's a fact that says I think regular be making trip over at Naples next week to explain the morning fiasco First he bust up the first team then has radio boot camp in San Diego to huge expense Then bust the team up now here's a guy he likes and six months later. We've gone. Sir you are Well said But you see light of the fact that Greg Reed knew there where there was this individual out there in this community That's all the more reason he shouldn't have put for a long in the first place Remember those discussions that we had sure of what is he thinking about doesn't he realize what's gonna happen here? 560 pound 560 on and a reason you won't wait about it in the newspapers is because people like Tom's Dick and he already had to go through hell and Others and so they're all scared they're all scared to tell you that we'll stir every kind of stir what's going on here. I'm not 120 What do we got 120 120 bucks out there would make it all nice going there down in homestead discount auto parts 30OO South Dixie highway in homestead not old two with our best in the merch and I see we're starting to pick it up We might get three 400 they're all my pizons down there from the valley People are saying that they're always barely a can out come you guys don't come down here with the van I'm taking the race and I sit down here ghouls Great South Miami heights right whatever else is down there no speaking land Cotton pick it in those picking land WQIN QA and yes sir yeah, I want to talk to Neil speaking Speak a wrong yes sir it sounds like me wow, okay I just want to ask you to know about a book called a forbidden truth The forbidden truth is that the one that's on our website, I believe I don't know because my computer crashed on me long time ago. Is that the one that's on the about the Afghan pipeline? Yeah, I talked about the two French guys you're right we we have not only read it But it's on our recommended on our website. Okay great deal. I want to make sure people are reading that book. It's a great Yeah, okay. I like what you're doing keep up the good work. Thanks a lot, pal I have a great day 567.0560 you can go to your rises.com That's just vote on our poll and also see the WMD countdown But also our recommended list of books. I think that's still on there. I hope unless we maybe we took it off Because it was on there a long long time. We got screens book on there one in the pink. Oh, there it is No, that's the the Gorbid Al one and stupid white men Oh There it is for Ben Truath US Taliban secret world diplomacy Saudi Arabia and the failed search for Osama Yamaha. It's on there still on your rages.com Excellent reading important reading. What do you want read it though? WM Hello, Neil yes What are you gonna come down the candle and that? Get lost punk. Oh, let me say this also in regrettable. I just said see if my lawyer was really worth his salt Instead of calling you and saying that their letters written about Neil don't mention him by name I it's not that when he ought to be doing his reminding the four mentioned jack Thompson of that agreement And they had number one got no business listening to this program and number two certainly not mentioning my name And number three the first amendment still is alive on this program and I'll mention a webinar I want that's what Norma can't should be saying instead of calling you and saying Whatever he said 5 6 1 we're getting letters good good Have somebody in your office wipe their ass with a cocaine norm WQAM Hey, yes, sir Is that this in Neil it isn't sure is health sounds like Neil. Hey, man. I'm just an imposter I guess Hey, you guys down in hopes that are you fish packing? Yeah, we're fish packing at home. Stay out. Yeah Us in Julian crane. We're tuna packing WQAM no line one don't work. By the way, we're specific. It's not here today. So forget about it Good luck to us WQAM Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing today? Very sensational. You know, I knew there was a big problem in this country right when we Went through our elections and we got bush elected if you look back and you're Remember seeing the TV screen on who got all the electoral vote in what areas were balloon what areas were red right? If you notice what what were the main states that had red? Yahoo states you got it, but Yahoo's yes The Nazi people well the ready you know the red stands for don't you stands for red neck That's right exactly exactly and if you look around the blue word Florida California New York New Jersey Michigan Minnesota That's right Pennsylvania the whole of New England that the California you got it all around the edges We're living in breathing people live in an in the middle of the deep soft. It's all Yahoo Exactly all you have to do is just look at the TV screen and it told you right there in your face So where we who we were dealing with course it didn't tell you where they fixed the votes in Florida, but that's another story Exactly, and isn't it comforting to know that now that we got these electronic voting machines It'll be so much easier for them to fix all the elections now Exactly exactly they can have their technicians going there play with them In fact you're saying I'm die-boulding over here's what the new saying is hey George I hope you had a good vacation. I hope you enjoyed your time Away from all these assholes that are down here. Oh, yeah, it was a blast. He said it was okay. He said he was a blessed with a blast I just spoke the slut yeah, he spoke to the baton doing the old man free speech and You know screw them Republican. Thanks a lot, pal. He have a great day Yeah, this idea that there are certain people that think they can pull all our shenanigans behind closed doors And I'm going to intimidate everybody and nobody's ever going to talk about me and nobody's going to know that I'm the one who's Creent and all those stir and behind the scenes bull crap that stops today. That stops right now on his show. Okay? That stops right this moment and Shame on you people under west of the media in this tunnel. We're so easily intimidated I know this guy can make your life a living hell and other mostly you don't have the kind of agreement that I've got We just got can't even like breathe my name or think about me quit thinking about me jack He's thinking about it right now. Yeah. Oh, yeah, make no mistake about that that too. It's got a new rudgers bubble head Can't imagine what he's doing with it. Bobbully five six seven oh five sixty out pound five sixty on the AT and T and for us in wireless line Shame on you Norma for being such a pussy. Okay Norma you ought to be putting this guy every time I'm the one to has to tell him how to respond what is wrong with you normal. Why are you such a quiz like such a little pansy Lay the law down baby. You got to right there. You got the signature on the paper. You got all the documents man Wouldn't that be wonderful to drag up all of that stuff again and lay it out there for the public so they understand the kind of Living hell that some of us have to go through because of one man Because one guy who decided I'm gonna decide what's gonna be on the radio I'm the super moralist because the Lord told me so yeah, right yeah And God told me your full of crap WCOM Yeah, I hope from the Speaking All right, hey, let's talk to Mike. I'm all Mike Just what you know I'm a first time call and keep up for good work. Thanks a lot of valent thanks See that guy's on his way down there. That's excellent and he probably coming from from Pompano When you add up everybody that's in that sprawl tone yeah, are they sprawling it? Oh, yeah, they sprawled out don't forget Miguel is in the Qm band do it baby Do it for the Lord do it for you. That's right this count auto parts store 306. Oh, so Sanctix How in homestead noon to two There ought to be big articles the head fact here It's just like last year and this had nothing to do at least as I know it was far with Jack But this was with a condolese business didn't anybody ever read anything in the newspapers about that? No See you people out there who listen to and support this radio station even once you don't like it You're in Tesla know what tell us going on And so whether a bunch of right wing assholes are starting a whole song in a dance and making all kinds of threats And we're gonna go after your license and your playing condo and we're getting the stuff from Fox News and when John Gibson writes that bull crap Peace that he wrote about how he wishes that I should be on if I'm still on here the smallest market in America because I'm such a racist Piece of crap you should live so long John Gibson you lose your asshole you you punk you put You silly person you I should take another scoop of one of your surveys on it. We'll take a poll out of ourselves you can climb on it John freaking Gibson even got canned off MSNBC. What is that today? I Can't tell you the one it really bugs me who's it still takes himself so seriously. What's that asshole's name Keith Olderman man? What a jerk? What are jerk no one are MSNBC's got fractions? I got nobody watching Keith Olderman would have glasses need to take himself so seriously think as a sports nerd used to be on a SPN then idiot You know who that is because you know watch well you never watch the SPN and you smart you're a lot to watch Fox News Or MSNBC well nobody watches MSNBC do they know wife Your wife watches MSNBC honey plot inside my house. Oh my guts. Well, I you know how many that brings up the total of the viewers I'm going crystal in fact you can also pick them up in your crystal set Problem it's after one at five 60 WQM if you're looking for a really neat place to eat something different Something delicious something fresh something inexpensive thick and herbs baby They've been doing it in Rochester since 1934 and you'll find them on federal highway Just south of Brad, but about on the tunnel on the east side Victors is a real flash back in time to what it used to be before these pre-fad joins These this Maccrap that you get today at thickeners go and enjoy a burger or dog served hot fresh and fast made with the finest fresh 100% ground chuck meat in fact the people in south photo bring your thickeners out of same ones at bring a Cheever grachieber when they use the same great meat in all their stuff at the thickeners You can buy an incredible quarter-pound hotdog in the caners that you can wrap your lips around and be an absolute heaven and Because they use that signature meat sauce on other burgers and dogs It'll put a combination of flavors in your post. It'll give you like a tap dance right in your mouth They got a rate breakfast menu to the thickeners omelette cooked order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes So if you heard me talk about it for a long time and you wonder is it really that good going to find out for yourself You'll say absolutely positively Vickiners there on federal highway just south of Brad, Bolabart and the tunnel on the east side and be sure and tell them that cranky old Neil sent you by to thickeners 60 Break the this People The bride is... ...for the hand-off... ...and-off... ...and-off... ...that's the hand-off... ...and-off the old geniuses... ...I'm gonna hold it down, that I can do the face... ...thinking of a big rule of his fat... ...and only by the spell, can you tell where it's at? ...and-off... ...and-off... ...and-off... ...that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it! ...and-off, the world's handling back-out... ...she know how to make the bold and bright... ...that then she took the shower now... ...who would need the skate park on the towel... ...and-off... ...and-off... ...and-off... ...that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it! ...and-off... ...once 17 at 560 WQA, 660 Tv votes will have 700 by 130. ...I'm impressed, that's incredible. ...what's your take on the firing a Scott Ferrell? ...Greg Reads and Assel, 188. I'm pissed, I love Ferrell 141. I don't care, I never listened to him 98. No great loss, 64, the radio business blow is 51. He had a coming, he was over the top 47. His voice nearly killed me 36. I hated him anyway 28, and Neil is much more vulgar only 10. 10 out of almost 700. Studying Gill and Homestead says, I'm so happy to see your station is finally realizing that there are people in Homestead. I was able to meet McGill and Sears Station Van on the corner 304th in US-1. ...we'd like to invite all Homestead to that location to where a chance to win a gift. What does that mean? What is the gift? The gift of love. It says McGill, the keep it up and the good work. ...I think he's studying on it. So how much we got? ...at 140 or something? We got something, I bet you do over 200 down there, it's not too good. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAN. ...yes sir. ...that's what my radio here real fast. ...I think it's one of the main points about the song security, especially when you're talking about the kind of clock hour about the kind of Lisa song. I think that people are not just a matter of playing jokes on it, to make fun of people. It's a sad tie, it's to make a point. It's hard to make people think about what these people are doing. They have to look funny that they ask when you're talking. It's what they're doing, it's to make you think. And we look a little bit deeper into some of the actions. For example, kind of Lisa writes it all by for her job. That she really is especially really... ...it's nothing but a Chevron shell, that's correct. Exactly. People should not get fit out of shape about the fact that you get to play your play. And in fact, I think that the sensor version makes the point stronger. Right. Anyway, it's time to make that point into which you agree to. Thank you. Here's one that says, George, I know you're under case, but it decets the South Park episode about old people driving. You should have seen where the grandpa was driving the kids and cars. We're literally flying behind him one of the funny things I've seen in ages. Also, the scene where the whole town panics because all the old people are going to be on the road to the same town with hilarious. Says Gary. When he almost went to the police today about who should replace for Rall, I sent an suggestion for the spikkin sudshow, but he thought it was the Rick and sudshow and blew it off. Alright, that's it. Yeah, they were saying to put you on there, but you're not going to be doing 8 to 10. I really like to Friday shows with you and suds that guys just too funny not to be on the earth says, Besides Rick is just an obnoxious butt head. Suds was always the heart of that show in my opinion. Says Gary. Hey, man, Gary. He finally admitted he hated Rick like poison. No, I'm just agreeing with you. You just got through saying you hated him like poison. I heard it. Poison. WDQ I am. Yeah, no, please. Speaking. Pretty good. I just wanted to say about the the Spanish videos. Yeah, you and the movie back where they say. We know it. Sure. This is Georgia saying me. No, it's not Georgia's never mumbling. There you see his mumbling. It's a take it. Have a great weekend. I'm out of control. Oh, I speak out of that. Speaking of what he was just talking about. Greek TV station. 516 thousand dollars for showing two men kissing. Get out. No. Okay. A private Greek TV station has been fired. The 160 grand for broadcasting a scene of two men kissing reports said. I thought they invented it. The action brought strong criticism for media commentators. Mega television was fine by the independent licensing body. The National Radio and Television Council for the October 16. Showing two male actors kissing in the weekly drama. Close your eyes. The council usually taught her to the frequent nudity and sexual content of Greek TV. Describe the scene is vulgar and unacceptable. TV critic. Poopy. I puppy. The council tells us that it's okay to be tolerant. You read it.orgfather, He wrote the book in the script and wrote it in the Daily Tia newspaper. Through audience's audio, help the YouTube videos to support Hollywood movies. I'll give you five Heads or Three Years And seminars to achieved that. Surfö to 190 canceled D&D events. Marktoric. Michael Moro beyond C spans book notes hosted by Brian Lam, the Sunday 11 PM. They'll be talking about dude words my country. Must reading by the way everybody. Must reading. It's a very good show if the author or topic is interesting. A good one hour depth interview minus annoying asslicking. Lam interviewed James Boulevard of Lost Rights a couple of weeks ago, and although he looks a little cookies a smart guy. A Boulevard that is not Lam, who's Mr. Whitebread. Yeah, no who that is. Congress made the crease funny the White House anti drug ad campaign. Well that's good news. Excellent. Detrick medical marijuana initiative likely to appear in the 2004 ballot now we're talking. Little tiny baby steps as we attempt to emancipate ourselves from this creeping growing ugly nasty fascism. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. 681. We might not make 700 by 130. Yeah, you will. 681. WQAM hello. I'm going to be all. Yes sir. I am right here standing next to me. Get out of here. He is bringing in money and the answer. Excellent. I've got what he up to right now. What he up to go and see. He's right. He's going away. He doesn't. I'm standing right here next to me. He's walking away across the park. Come back here. He doesn't talk to your daddy. What are you got in the gale? What do you got in the gale? What do you got how much? Come on, goofball. How much you got? How much we got? How many go? You silly ass pick how much you got. He's counting his counting. Paul that'll be not. He's pulling it out. He's working it. We got two. We got two. We got two. Okay, keep working on him man. He's working on it. Okay. I'm not 100. Well, it's still not too good. Fine. If I would've promoted earlier, it's my bad. I, I, I, I, I, I, I should have made him. And I trusted out because I thought it was the thing from yesterday. And we always nobody had bothered to tell me that we're doing some stuff today. Nobody told me. Well, I didn't tell me. But anyway, whatever we get will get. Oh, here. See my do nothing more. And I'll see you send it later back here to a wacky Jackie. Uh, it's a request we cannot honor. It's not a request we can honor. I think we can, uh, maybe you a public figure. What do you mean this situation? This is a way to make a public figure in this market for 20 freaking years, Norma. When you get with it. The Neo Roger show us freedom. And you roll in a safarian. Did many of the mentions of your name have been from faxes that have referred to your role in this matter. Under the terms of the settlement previously negotiated with you and our continued participation in the agreement. It is user that our is stopped from listening, taping and peating and referring with or in any way, including in the airspace of the Neo Roger show. And Norma finally is. Absolutely correct. Right. See, this is the way it goes and it's gone on for a very long time. Pull all the strings behind the scenes interfere with people threatened and timidate, send all kinds of phony letters on legal letterhead and then make up all kinds of crap about people and get people canned or do the best to try to do it. And then deny that you're trying to do it on top of it. Okay. The buck stops here today on the show, Jack. Okay. Because you finally found somebody with a pair of balls. Who isn't going to be intimidated, especially that agreement don't hurt either. One of that. That's what it's all about. No, seriously. I wouldn't put my goddamn livelihood on the line either. If I didn't have that agreement back in me up, I know exactly what it says. Now, he signed it voluntarily and willfully after we all went through two to three years of hell. At WINZ and Zeta and finally WINOD. And I will give Norma credit for that. See Norma, you know you got the power baby. Use it. Weild it. Yanke it. Twist it. And by the way, the guy you brought down here was just, you know, marginal. What? Well, he was okay. Was the nice kid, but I mean Norma's always, you know, making these stories up. Yeah, rough hands. Yeah, rough hands. Yeah, rough hand. Absolutely. You know what that means? No. I mean, he's been constructing it. He's been working on it. Well, the beast knows he's his clearance. Oh, he sent, sent paper hands. Can't get some farmers with rough hands. Yeah. All those cows. Hmm. He's smoking it for all he can at clearance. 26 past one at five, 60 WQAM. Yeah, I think the audience is entitled to know exactly what's going on. And also in that kind of reason business here, which I kept trying to tell you people is a major story. They came within about a year's breath and get my as fire last year. Well, maybe not that close, but they sure is homemade and hell of an effort. And if that's the way you people believe in America, that would you want the people who can be on the air. I'm radio or TV or the movies you see are going to be terming by a bunch of right wing. Wack was behind the scenes, pulling all the strings and making threats. That's not the kind of country I want to live in. A. More times that plain leave. Oh, not soon enough. Get me out of here. 127 and 560 the beast is still in here eating by the way. What he does every day is he waits until all the, all the other people from the morning shows are gone. And he goes out there and whatever the scraps are and how he's in that gigantic box and a huge carton they bring in that they have to bring in on a truck. Whatever the, is left over there. He sucks it all down. And try from balance for life had some really nasty things to say about you beast. He said you are a real loser. Which I thought that's what you are in his program to be losing it. 20 tubs of pasta day is not the way to make the wake go away. Okay, but it will make you gay is what I say. F. 27 after one a Q and a half. I'll tell you speaking of food the seafood that you love is it the Gold Coast seafood grilled man. One of the best kept secrets in town. But George and the Scott. Remember him used to be here. A little, little Scott used to be around. No, no. But anyway, the Gold Coast seafood really brought in food for these guys. He told me George went out of great lengths. He said it was some of the best stuff I've had in ages. Yes, it was. And more and more people are discovering because they're getting great response. Which we all have here in the Gold Coast seafood grilled just celebrated there. When you're anniversary, got three and a half stars from the Suncentl Showtime dining review. The Gold Coast seafood grilled's got lots of great things that had menu that you'll just go nuts over like the mango plum salmon. The on and crushed it, mahi, mahi, the orange honey glazed sea bass and the crab and shrimp stuffed trout. There's a great bar atmosphere in the restaurant with an extensive line of martiniless big gigantic martinis. You could almost take a bath in them during happy hour only five and a half bucks from four to seven PM seven days a week. The Gold Coast seafood grilled your five and a crore springs, twenty seven fifty two north university drive inside a beautiful walk shopping center. For reservations are more information called nine five four two five five fish. You can die and inside or outside and large parties and private functions are welcome to experience the best kept secret lunch and dinner dining. The Gold Coast seafood grilled and crore springs at twenty seven fifty two north university drive inside the prestigious walk shopping center. Don't forget you'll always find fantastic seafood unbeatable prices at the Gold Coast seafood grill. We're supposed to be in five six two a.m. If anybody has a pinion, this thing crummer away, we're placed on the human pool that's down. And then the meat of the steak don't even bother to quench down. Just follow on to a thing everybody's turning past it. I just do it today. In the act of victory in the arm, we're watching all of you. Everyone's at the fastening hand. So much fun to you. This got this for me. And are you fine? Ooh. In both other land, we're shun. I just do it say. Oh, you gotta hate those two. Oh, and listen to the barrows too. Believe everything we can. And the steak run you. That word for God, man. We love your husband. I'm a roving cany push. Back as to yesterday. We don't mind you see our jobs go. A bad economy's good. We're vaccinated by a kilo. Don't need no stupid books. Oh, that word is crazy. The fact of paradise is way. Everybody's turning past it. Let's just go and say. We lost a lot of weight at stake. Oh, we're going to see in the business of coming. 20, what? Well, it's time. 26 before 2 at 5. 60 WCMD. Looks like he lost some weight. Absolutely. To me. Like an answer to. Oh, the IOC okay's transsexual athletes in the Olympics. Well, that's a relief. Athletes who have undergone six change operations will be eligible to compete in the Olympics for the first time that are new rules being finalized by the IOC. The international Olympic Committee convened meeting in Sweden of all play well. Why the hell not there last month of medical experts in the field of the will announce its policy in the next few weeks. We have no discrimination. IOC medical director Patrick Shamash told the AP yesterday. The IOC will respect human rights. Details are still being worked up. But Shamash said transsexual athletes will be eligible for the Olympics once they pass a certain amount of time after sex change surgery. Will the real men please stand up? And now what they say here usually in the morning? All the time. Most of our middle-level management people stay seated. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Absolutely. And Verizon wireless line. We're doing screenless 755. By the way, we did go a 701 by 130. How you like that? I know it. No you didn't. What's your take on the firing a Scott for well? That's our pull question today. And let me say again, I'm glad that we were able to do the facts. And whatever to like paint a better picture of it. And I will say this because you can talk about the great fact that we screwed up the morning show and about how for wells over the top which he is in out of control and the audio audio. But it is true that we're not for the cramps that are hanging of one individual. That none of this would have ever happened. Right. We'd still be rolling along. Sing in our song with a big box. People out there be happy if they want to listen. They could. See that's what it's all about Jack. You can talk about freedom of choice. Freedom of what you want to listen to. If you don't like it, don't listen to it. There's 80's in and other stations on there. Turn on Mr. Eagle there and let him look your cheeks. Okay. Same old tired baloney. 707 and a most amazing part of all of this. Scott for well ain't even a fag. That's pretty amazing. I mean, I mean, first there there's me and then there's Jenner Reno who's allegedly a dike and this and that. And I believe it. But nevertheless, a lot of tell you that Luther Campbell, he's no fag. No, I saw those videos. 777 votes. What's your take on a fag. Scott for well. Greg reads an asshole. 195. And by the way, came in here admitted to that. He said yes. I am an asshole. That's the wrong. Won't you know argument here. I'm pissed. I love for 157. I don't care. I never listen to him 101. No great loss 72. The radio business blows 53. It blows. He had a coming was over the top 50. His voice nearly killed me 39. I hated him anyway 30. How many people said I hated him anyway? About 30 man. And he was much more vulgar. 10. I have 707 only 10. 1. 4%. But that's it. Like I said, I heard that a couple of times that a station from colors were trying to like drop parallel. And then, of course, also a mode this morning, who's lucky again trying to throw a darts in my direction. Throw all you want, Mo. Okay. Throw all you want. All the way to stand at you are the catcher in the family. 5. 6705 60. And of course, as they say at the belly, they call me old catcher on the right. WDQ. Hey, yes, I can. How can you get the Paris Hilton video on the internet? You know how to bring it up? The what video? Paris Hilton, the portal. You do a search like I did. And look for places that have forms where people share files with other people as opposed to websites that want to offer it to you for money. And ask to put in Paris Hilton video or see Paris Hilton video. And it took me about a half hour searching through different sites, but I found it. Okay. Okay. I have a question. I don't even know what you're talking about. The Paris Hilton site's video. I got it. I'm one of her having sites with Shannon Dordy's ex husband. Oh, who? Paris Hilton. I don't even know who that line is. She's the other millionaire socialite. She's on the news. If you don't watch even from the Conrad Hilton account. Right. One of the two. I've got to see that story. And Jesus, we're so off. Bob Bogdown with this other crap here. I miss it all the important stuff going on in the world. I got to hear on my USV. You have one. The one. You have the video on that little thing. I do. A lot of things on this little thing. Oh, my God. George has got that Paris Hilton video on his little thing. I can't believe it. I'll put it away. 560, 5060, pound, five60 on the AT&T. It Verizon wireless line. Boy, am I sure glad I came back here this week. Oh, man. Who needed this place? Anybody wonders, well, how come the line's been a more time and soft floor with that? Well, this week is a real good example for you. WQAM. Yes, I do. I'm doing pretty good. This is for George. George. Yeah. I don't want my momma being a George. He wishes. Oh, I knew your Frank Lubber come out of hiding pretty sad club. Your Frank Lubber has been holding back, but they've coming out. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you guys still bad at homestead? Yeah, we're still down there until tour clock. Hey, this is George's a gacky. Oh, wow, wow, wow. He didn't know he is. We know what wasn't Joe is because he didn't say what's posted. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. WQAM. Hello. Oh, it's resting now. What was that? I met. It was another one of your people away in the background. I think what they said. What are your people? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. WQAM. Hey, Neil. No one of yours. They're all facts. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. I was curious. How long do you think it'll be before a rush. Bloom's back up to 400 pounds. How many soft the acup. About a week. Can't. Nothing. You really believe he's off it? No. I mean, they say like one out of very 50,000 people actually succeed in those places. He was in five weeks after he was taken like 30,000 pills a month or whatever. And how was you think he's really dried out? No, he's going to blew that up. And I think it'll be a month before he's back on it. And then a positive. Yeah, he'll be back. Yeah, apologize. Maybe it'll go on for another 10, 20 years. And do you think on Monday, he's going to have the guts to take calls that aren't, you know, people just hit him. He's going to screen him so heavily. They're probably like, have armed guards. Not like they usually do. No. Yeah, the scheme even more heavily. They're probably people with oozy standing at your door when you make a call. Good luck, you pal. I think. Did it. Did it. What the. That's what our rush returns on Monday. And we don't mind promoting it because who it all gives a crap, you know. Those did away. Those idiots who want to buy his right wing bull crap. His right wing paranoid crap about our out of clinton. So, you know, they killed everybody. Didn't they also, didn't they also kill Jesus? I think that's what Mel Gichael says. The voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. That way, he's in the such an asshole. Oh, right. He held that message that he returned. Because he wouldn't take a shower with ankle burps. As well. As well. He's recognizing a such an asshole. He's just like Hitler and a Abaron. What's that? He's pounding on. Oh, right. Oh, right. He's just like Hitler and a Abaron. He's just like Hitler and a Abaron. It does. They might even count it. On your case, if you vote for a Bush, they'll count it twice. Six need till two mad dog helped us out with a nice secret band of pair rescue. Good cause you said the dolphins are going to the dogs. He's what he said. I would agree with you. Oh, you see how fast you got out of here. He likes that job, man. He loves that job. Hey, listen. I'll see you in a couple of months, man. I'll see you in a while. I'll be. I'm out of here. At any rate. Good man. And he's just staying two to four. That's the bull. You just got to write out of my mouth. Okay. He's staying two to four. So I think that means Joe Rose don't you eight to ten. Sounds good to me. Little dog in a big dog. And you're truly in between and George once in a while to hear from his a big friends. How you going? Now, this is a good fact. See, they think that I disagree with this, but I think they got a good point. Says, I think that many of the senators who voted for the war resolution against their two feelings were in the same position as you were in in the condolizum matter. They would lose their jobs because Carl rove and the bushy's had the American people so convinced that a vote not to support them was the vote for Sodom. Look what happened to Max Cleedlin and Paul Wells don't probably would have lost his job. So they caved in and chose to keep their jobs so they can do more in the Senate defeat other bush programs as we need you to stay rather than go over playing that bit. It says you may not think it's a fair comparison. But the right wingers are taking over our government and brainwashing the two patriotic flag waivers so Congress can't speak out either. They would have appeared on patriotic. Not it. That's a very good point. But that's why I really give hi a march to Howard Dean because he's the one guy who really had the balls and spite of all of that. Of course he was no longer, you know, he was in the member congress. He's a former Vermont governor, but nonetheless Howard Dean had the big pair. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. W2AM. Yeah. I have a question for you. Yes. You know, the guy that just broke the E-510 skydives in 24 hours. What about him? Do you guys have any information on that? No. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T. What a jerk. What an idiot. What an imbecile. See we're back to that movement of college again. What about the college being idiots? Now you know that guy who called earlier still listening, I would like him to analyze that last call and see what he would say. Right? But you should have answered his question. No, I think we asked him what he thought the last call or he'd say. He's an asshole. Right. That's what that guy would say. Make no mistake about it. If we'd ask Mo, if the last guy to call was an asshole, he'd say absolutely. See, even he would agree a crusty old fart like Mo. So anyway, I think one of the reasons Mad Dog don't want to do 8 to 10 in the morning. You see this one started his day up by seeing the moment every morning by taking a look at that nasty piece of crap. He didn't deny it. I said, you don't want to see Mo every morning doing it. Come on here and see him. No, Mo. And you know what he said? No, no, no. That's what he said. Can you imagine starting out your day every morning taking a look at that? That nasty, miserable bastard. I almost said something else. WQAM. Yeah sir, speaking. 8 nail, come on. Good evening. Good evening to you. Good evening. Top it evening to you. Listen, I got to just say one thing. I've been listening to you for a long time. Right. And I just can't I believe that this guy is still around harassing him. I'd speak if he'd pack up in the head out to wherever spots like that though. Yeah. But it's just amazing that I've been, but she like 10, 15 years ago, this guy was all over. He's amazing that I bring in my light that has nothing better to do to listen to the break. I'm bringing in mind like that. Oh, you know, I guess he's listening to the right. He's a liar and all this. Oh yeah. You would think he'd have some of the better to do to listen to the right day all day. You'd think. You'd think. Other than sitting around is under where at home, right? You'd do it in. I'll speak to you later. Okay, have a great day, pal. You'd think, but some people ain't got no life. That's the problem. They have no life-infecting and terror existence is running around with some kind of some kind of fantastic vision of saving mankind from itself. I have no life. Another religious so wacko. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQAM. Twenty-one dollars. Twenty-one dollars. Twenty-one dollars. Fifty-two cents. Okay. Thank you. Here's the change. Is he feeling the change yet or what? WQAM. Speak to the new, please. Speaking. Hi, new. How are you? Fine, how are you? I can't believe the crow didn't get any books on your phone. Crow has the crow flies. I guess we should have probably put a monitor. I'll talk to you later. Okay. I got your crow bot. It's right here, homeboy. Yeah, he's possibly didn't put a monitor because he's on another station. How are you doing tomorrow's on that 940? With their 0.00, I'll take your work for it. I think he is. And I think, what's his name? Clarence is still booking the guest on that morning's show. What is that buddy in the weener? WQAM. Would you like to compare you and Ferrell or if you're not afraid? If I'm not afraid? Yeah, but is that you and Ferrell? Well, this sounds like Dennis. It is. It is crazy Dennis. See what I mean? There you go. There you go. Wings all the wackos out of the woodwork. Crazy Dennis, the professional Catholic. What do I tell you? Haven't lost it still. No, we don't talk to you. We don't talk. We talked a lot of assholes, but not in your category. We're going to separate category. They have their own show. We don't need your analysis of me and Ferrell or anybody else. I'm not going to sit or take crap from an idiot like you. That's a huge muck. And by the way, you can go back into closet now, right? They clear the skeletons out for the weekend. Three to six. WQAM. QAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir, speaking. Hey, Neil. Yes. What happened to Ferrell, man? Gone, baby. No, Moss. What happened to him, though? He was fired. He was fired, did it. Why? He was too... A little over there. He's a little over there. He's too dirty of mouth. Yeah, too dirty. All right, Neil. Thank you, man. Well, here I am no more one out on this station anyway. Because we got professional agitators running around. He's offensive. And like I said, just, you know, didn't have enough common sense to like lay low for little while. Let things say, you know, just couldn't do it. Couldn't control himself. So there's plenty of blame to go all the way around. All the one George came into small meetings. He says, I know who I blame. More than anybody else. Great. Yeah. That's what George said. 560, 50560, pound 560, how much we got? 310. 310, not too bad. We've got another appearance later, too. Down in homestead, which I better promote right now where my ghost is going to get all Ben out of shape. 310 bucks down in homestead. Now later on this afternoon, I have the QMV handle B at the Walmart Super Center. 33501, 33501, 33501, South-Tixie Highway Florida City. Florida City, baby. I bet you we got a lot of listeners down there. 23430 to 7000 with our best Neil merchandise. And maybe I give Miguel a little airplane spin while you're at it, too. 9 minutes till 2 at 560 QIS. 510, local. We're sports video 560, QIS. QA, yeah. Why the, you bastard? Sitting at home watching, Dwight Larder Dayle. Talking about how bombs are stealing 95-yard rail. When Sudden lead with a bullet-tender dish up onto the screen, came his partner and Bishop. She said this just in. To our witness rooms. It's Governor Martinez and the two live. We'll have more details coming up at 530. People don't want the stores because they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Bob had heard the album and he was a fall decent. Thank you, Janet Reno. I'm glad that you're called. We've got to take us stand. I guess this dirty rhyme. Besides it's really close to election time. His Broward Judge, Fran, said I will not fail you. We'll censor any mention of Janet, tailed you. They're selling cystic kids, pulling through pure bird teeth. The two live crew. Yeah, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. They can crap a butt. To show he had guts. The most of the people said this guy is a fuss. He ribboned land, a back noise pollution. Even though it went against the constitution and what did Lou do during all of his job. So 10,000 more copies. 12,95, people on a brand-new Mercedes. It's really hurt to eat, Robin. It's to the bank. Because he's so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. 156, 4, 2, 5, 6, you're WM, the mad dog is standing by. He said the dolphins are going to the dogs. That's what he said something like that. He also said, no mole. I don't know what he meant by that. He said no mole. It kept singing it on the way out the door. Off the door. You got the homperage for. And then he's going to have the day once that you'll find the six in Of course, that's going to be really very interesting to hear what they want that has to say on a way out. The big O Orlando, I was the Gary at seven. What's the story? It says at the Kendall AL House question mark. Do we have any update on that? No. Kendall AL House? At the Kendall AL House? There you go. The big O. It's going to be at the Kendall AL House. Maybe I'm reading that wrong. And then you got into KF to 10 o'clock tonight. ESPN radio overnight and a whole bunch of ball games, man. And stuff. You got Syracuse and other girl school to get the hurricanes back into When you shape after two really bad embarrassing humiliating weeks. Get everybody out of their Sarmoat. So to paint little tiny girl school from Syracuse. The orange men. Little tiny ear there about like this tall. They're just going to step on them. Make an orange crush. And then you got the Baltimore Ravens against the dolphins. And of course, because Brian Grease is playing even though the Ravens have no Offence. We all know that. Because Brian started on son. It could be pretty interesting. Hey Brian, quit falling down and quit doing that. Brian quit doing that. Quit making that sound. So Gary says who says that the risk of being a chronic factor because he This fact is a good fact. Little body. But that's okay. Some information says I believe the crow bay a lot of that. Silly show on 940. And it's not playing ball in Japan. He's turning Japanese. How do you like that? Back in Japan. Yeah. Because he's already played ball on there. I believe he's still live there. Right? Speak to it fluently. He speaks Japanese. Yeah, he does. Are you serious? Maybe that's when he got that talking powder from. Speak Japanese better than he does English. Oh, say. I almost was able to get out of here. We almost got to the end of the week. And there's George starting up again. That was really bad. Are you suggesting that the crow speaks crowbonics? Is that what you're saying? But you have it not in Japan. And he loves it by the way. The crow loves us. He loves crowbonics. He loves it. Cashmere. Okay. He's a good guy. He don't belong on a year. And that's why he's playing ball in Japan again. Because he's busy turning Japanese. Okay, here. This is the last time we're going to examine this here. Because starting Monday, we move on to bigger and better upper things. Like out of town. What's your take on a firing a Scott for real? That's our poll question of any arroges.com. 751 votes. 330. No, 751. Oh, you mean 250 bucks down there in a homestead. Thank you. Folks in homestead. Not bad. Not great. And that was just phase one. Great. That was only phase one. And moving to phase two. Jim and Tammy Baker will sell your beautiful condo for 10 million. And then I'm a KELOLANDS AFTERNAN FLOOR TO CITY WALL MARTSUPRESSETA 33501 3351 South Tixie Highway 23430. Bring some cash. 751 votes on for real. What's your take? Greg Reeds an asshole 206. I'm pissed. I loved for real 170. I don't care. Never listen to him. 106. No great loss. 77. And by the way, you know, Jack Thompson's been emailing Greg and Norm Kent. I want credit. I want more credit for the getting out for real fired. Okay. I'll give you all the credit. Jack Thompson and moral gables got to Scott for real fired. He wants all the credit. You got it. No great loss 78. The radio business blows 56. He had a coming. He's over the top 56. 56. Q 56. His voice nearly killed me 39. I hated him anyway 30 and Neil is much more vulgar only 12. Only 12. On a 757 votes and I'm much more vulgar. I'm much more dirty. How do you like that? Filthy. Discussed. Dile. Growth test. Old. And out of this joint. Bye bye. Thank God. Thank God. Here we are. He's got a big heart on it. Good for him. Oh.