with the sword of this place. You can never tell our home and need a smile. All right. High, close and see. I'm going home. Will mark you on your hand. Welcome. We close our eyes, and she's wide, our size and you can enjoy the sea. Oh, it's a legal drug according to the court. And we'll go to the sea. Oh, it's a legal drug according to the court. Oh, it's a legal drug. Oh, it's a legal drug. Are you sure? Oh, can of us please grab us both. Oh, it's a legal drug. Oh, it's a legal drug. Well, what a moment is day. I'll tell you so many things. This is like the de-markation date like D-Day, you know, so many areas of our lives I'm looking out my window. I'm seeing like thousands of people out there just stone out there on their ass. Oh, look at you They got the the global mail ruled up. They're smoking it. They're puffing on it Anybody believe it? No, I will say this much though We don't have like 20 feet of rain on the ground, boy They'll so bad for you guys just flooded out when it doubt great if you have a canoe So where the hell do we start? We've got so much now yesterday. I gave you the load-out and probably some of you doubting Thomas's and Tom's Dixon Harry's out there didn't believe me When I told you there were big changes coming and of course we were sworn to secrecy because it always has to be a little bit on the child or side of QM We always have to like pass the fire everybody as opposed to just saying okay, this is the way it is But we want to personally thank which is way out of character for me, of course We want to personally thank Mufflinzy Clarence don't call me Josh Dero Who's still desperate to get an a lead? And even Greg Reed and we want to thank Greg Reed. Oh, a little bit Of course he's the one that screwed it up in the first place, but nevertheless When you see the carer of your ways, it's never too late to repent and He repented and so this is our last nine to one show on WQA Oh, how are you? God and it's the last time we'll ever cross over back to back with a moment and guilty I mean isn't there something we want to say special about that? Okay, pal. Oh, there is something so great about it that two-hour separation is gonna be so sweet At least in the beginning it's gonna be a two-hour separation. I have I don't want to speculate on the year Because I have my own theories about how long that's gonna last how many days that's gonna last in a schedule Not third man, but what yeah, you heard it. No, but I hear that. I just want to fart. Yeah me too But because I have a feeling you may have like a longer Gap You know like between six and ten like four hours, but I'm thinking at Mo and guilty three to six to be good Don't you think what So here's our pull from now. What are my missing? I must know that I just I feel like we should mark this since this is the last 9 o'clock hour like we we should mark it somehow or do and don't forget starting tomorrow like I said yesterday I gave you the little sneak preview then we bring back all that good stuff like it's so Oh, how do you and our all-time favorite Yeah, the great match Lewis who gave us Oh, and also a break them but more could you want huh? Oh, I know 137 votes on a party yesterday What's your take on you going back to tend to two? I see probably some people assume that that was like Still speculation on my part Well here it is. It's in a time jica column this morning's amazing. Somebody must have bought time a little radio what I'm little transistor sisters Sure, we don't get no blisters For well new voice of morning commute We'll get to that and of course very jackass who got the straight poop right from Greg firm it's those personal money I want to say like a big um What do they call those tubs like a high-high have one. Oh, yeah, how tough? A big jacuzzi that they hang out together while Greg while a very massages Greg's ego and Greg gives bills the beans or or something. Oh, still the wine. What a grotesque thought that was. Anyway, very of course, is the direct pipeline as Greg is the mole. He's always running around. Who's the mole? Well, you're the mole, Greg, everybody knows that. You've got a big mouth and very jackass is your conduit. And so, very, he's got his big column about to do change. The line of change. And we're going to be doing another pull on. What's your take because we actually are going to like list the whole thing for it. Oh, did I do the pull raise out now? What's your take on the go and back to 10 to 2? We asked yesterday, a thousand 40 votes? I'll listen whatever, 489, 47%. That's our almost half of this audience that's so loyal and we loved them from head to toe. But if we're on like at any time, if they have to stand on their head, if they have to listen on a pop-up toaster, if they have to get a guy they may hearing aid to hear the show, they'll still listen, they'll do whatever it takes. And we love them just dearly. I get postules on my posterior. Isn't that how you say it? Just think it about it. Let's see, what's your take on going back to 10 to 2? I love it, 409.3%. You put those two together and you got like an overwhelming majority. It's okay. Now the 93 said it's okay, 8.9%, which leaves the other 49, 4.7% who said they hated. We're still got to be. I mean, if you put any category on any pool we hated, you're got to be those, right? Always. You see, this is what happens, Mo, when you alienate everybody in the building. And when you piss everybody off and you hate your life poison, then even though you had that little blip in that last book, the trend comes out of one of clockless avenues that are more and more likely to have some numbers to talk about. Wow. Oh, right. Talking about killing some good time, huh? Because between a combination of everybody being out of time, I heard the hump are yesterday talking about how it was the slowest show in the history of his life. You can't remember a day that was slower. So I was taking it personally yesterday and this was business and I was sitting here taking it personally and blaming George for driving you on the answer way. George did a fine job while I was away. Well, it was pretty good. That's what Beterboy Bonerboy said. He said it was not too bad. He said that a lot of good crank calls. All of our favorite crank calls. So here's the new lineup. Now Hank and I said yesterday, I'm not too sure that they really gave it its do yet this morning. On a moment, guilty show, I was asking Beterboy because I can get to hear too much of it. But I don't think that they really gave it its do to you. No. I don't know. Here's the new lineup effective tomorrow. Thursday may 29th a day that will live an infamy. Yeah. On WQAM. Finally something's happening. Something we think it's going to be pretty good. I saw I just want to cop a feel on. Yeah. Here's the new lineup. Moan Goli, according to Tom Jick, I love that one line Tom. Time I think you redeem yourself today. I'll read Tom's column. It's short, right? Right. For real, new voice of morning commute. All sports radio WQAM is shaking up its lineup to squeeze its newest edition Scotfer Rail in the morning drive time. Starting Thursday tomorrow, the gravity voice for Rail who's been filling in on various shift to past couple of ways will host a new program 8 to 10 AM. You got that? 8 to 10 AM right these down now. That bit. Well, let me just go on to accommodate the change. Neo Rogers returns to the 10 AM to 2 PM shift he prefers. And the incumbent morning host Howard David and Steve Goldstein are being pushed deeper into the night. The new starting time. Their new starting time is 5 AM. Let me just read that last part again. The incumbent morning host Howard David and Steve Goli Goldstein are being pushed deeper into the night. The new starting time is 5 AM. For real, as a former naturally syndicated host with a Fred Boy style heavy on drinking discussions of bodily functions and sex, this should make it more compatible with Rogers than David, the playboy's of the dolphins is. For else whose resume includes hockey play by play would be a prime candidate for the Panthers job if and when that comes up again. Or I bet you Goli's really upset now. I just have to get up an hour earlier in a morning. But also he's just right on Judge McDonald's back. He was right on a Judge myster's ass hovering over his shoulder just waiting in the arms. And of course we got a guy who has actually experienced. Not good, but has experienced. The WD cream changes also will until former dolphin the gym managed sliding back an hour to 2 to 4 PM followed by Hank Goldberg for the 7. I'm going to tell you, this hopper man, I caught him well. I have really he owes me big time. He owes me a couple of meals. Because when we first came to the station, he was a can tankerist, sorely frustrated guy, screaming at everybody having an nervous breakdown frustrated by the grade read school of broadcasting and rightfully so. And I came in and bitched him out big time and mellowed him out. And added years to his life. And then I also taught him and the mad dog of very valuable lesson. The one thing you strive for at QA is less work and more pay. Right? All right. That's what we strive for at QA. And in fact now, this show has the distinction we are now the only four hours show on this radio station. Now, it is, it is, it is on 10 to 2. But that's like once in a blue moon. Right. When there's no ball games. For example, like tonight. Well, it says here tonight, but that's not going to happen because we got that double head or weather permitting. What? Weather permitting? Now do we have a new schedule? I notice I noticed Miss Muffo is in Erica, patting herself on a back in very late about 8.58 interfering with my enjoyment of our final crossover with Mo. But we have to schedule a special distance. We got all this new stuff starting tomorrow. So like I told you yesterday, this new change affects every show on the station except for the ball games at night in the 80K. It affects you on Mark over and I cause now they're cut down an hour instead of 2 to 6 over and I think it will be on 2 to 5. So they're down to a 3 hour show. And then you got Mo and guilty 5.8. Now stop and think about this. When it requires at least 25 minutes to, what's the term you use to tease the hearing your piece? Why me? What do you do? What do you blend it with the under real hair with the glue on? Get out of here. What real hair? The one on the sides. I see. The grey ones on the sides. The red ones on the sides. The red ones on the middle. Well I'm saying it takes at least 25 to 30 minutes in a morning after assuming he does the 3SH is the shower to save the Schmidt. And then blends all the hair in there. So you were talking latest three o'clock in the morning rising time for guys of fast approaching 70. He says he's in his 50s. Yeah. Well he left a few years on. I'm third of me. Yeah. He left a few often his calculations. So not that I don't want to sound like we're gloting at the fact that these people are being pushed back into what is jacca say pushed deeper into the night like into obscurity. I mean it's like kind of like let me help you toward the door. Okay it's time to like go to the door. Let me give you a little helping hand and push you shovi was fast in the heart as I can. Out that door okay. Now once we get the very jackass article where he talks to Greg Reid talks about the 22 months that Howard has left on his contract and he will be under in that period of time set of him so on. Which I find most amusing because there are unspoken words there too. In other words they'd love to get him out of there but they have no they haven't found away to do it. So one of the easiest ways is to shove him back as jica says pushing them deeper into the night. Oh what a great choice of words little Tommy. I mean always like that Paul had a jickey you know he's had a few week moments along the way but he's a good guy little Tommy jica. Huh he means well then he's a lazy little he's a lazy little squirt but he's seen out of bad guy. 913 at 560 W to QA and if you're fat and boy a lot of us are man oh man there's nothing worse than skinny people talking about fat and about dieting because they don't know crap what do they know from fat but one of fat person like me tells you about it because I've been through all the frustrations of losing and gaining and gaining and losing and more gaining it's just it's a lifelong battle it never ends. If you haven't tried balance for like it you know it's yourself to do it because we've been talking about it for a long time and many many of our people in the audience and some more acquaintances to like Jeff Cohen have lost a crap load away with balance for like because it's the easy way and if you're like mindless. It's even better because you don't have to make any decisions. There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting not even any carbohydrate counting because they deliver all your food for the day right to your dough by six o'clock in the morning right your home at your office wherever you are three delicious gourmet meals to delicious snacks are all in your little black sack that's the kid you're weight loss is your little black sack and in your sack like I said everything is fresh and delicious there's nothing frozen nothing pre-fammercated nothing with a bunch of chemical crap or antivs it's all the best ingredients that money can buy the only choice you have to make is when you fill out your weekly menu and you get to two's between two alternatives reach meal and snack every day that's run a program so lose the weight watch it just pour off your body the easy delicious way and you'll be satisfied not disparate and starving to death when you go with balance for live give it a try got nothing to lose but all that disgusting unhealthy fact call balance for like today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out of the wicked worldwide web at balance for life. come my no we'll table and write congratulations get a life a ride you can have on your can pack away to a daily baby baby grab those hands and lift the food around and then my diamond could be found under the train but don't forget who's made up of and it was who's your gonna be the day save us this for me food is tasty and the all and so but everything of all is when I go I'm a full-final and touch yes I know yes I know you we can get back guys when it's time you find yes I know you're fool this I'm going to agree you're not macaroni and you're not you're some sweet I thought I was and who's who can I be I'm saying the last fish for me it's out of the time it's out of the same the last fish for me it's out of the time the the old people are like up to their uh adventures in water where you think they don't need the glass exactly don't need the glass with your hand and yes sir he's going he'll be there like a clockwork man you're you're fired but uh not really at the you work out the door yourself this is an old radio trick I mean when I was I'm just forget where the hell I was working I guess at INZ and a WIDW I would do the one to get rid of Jerry Sullivan who had been a program director of the operations band you're something like that he was in management and so they made him the overnight news guide driving the news band like from two to five in the morning exactly he's going to go out the door and the he's always you've taken ready to fly down southman never looked for Chinese restaurant always go to the in the medium restaurant it's twenty times as better what about that's on the name right let me yeah what happened last year with the last week with Georgia show okay okay okay I'll still leave to see that guy hits you George yeah and be near boy two now I'll start getting the friends and not just fetch me the schedule a piece of the schedule let's see here we go Wednesday may 28th and the manager one hang three to four thirty three to four one four thirty to five five it's the pregame festivities five five it's game one of the double header eight to eleven it's game two weather permitting of course any k l of the two a join mark over and I see this is not this schedule any right this is what happens when you give a man's job to a child clearance this schedule is never right you see what it says and mark I do two to six yes what I understand is a lot of pressure would always changes coming out once a lot of changes including certain people's underwear join mark two to five they're being cut back an hour which of course is no big the alerica's what are they carry on sure you get to sit pay the same big bucks Howard David it says here five to eight with guilty for real eight to ten and of course us ten to two you know the sound of that again and ten to two for this show is so I never I really never dreamed that I would see the day that would happen I never really believed especially with the track record of these people once they screw something up their very reluctant to admit their mistake in fix it but the and I'm looking at our website what is he doing with this thing I got a multi card I got the all kind of red alerts and orange alerts and all what you do not know that they are and he's doing it in technical day anyway here's our pool for today and it's similar yesterday but now that we got the line up on it we got to get the take of the audience because I'm sure we get a phenomenal response just like we had yesterday I don't really care I just don't care anymore especially at this point because this is this is just so good so sweet we never should have been put this advantage in the first place I have a father lead in a hostile old koot what what's what could is that what's the point what is the point of trying to follow somebody who's the tunnel is audience I would advise against listening to the show that follows us I don't know whoever heard a such a thing whoever heard such hostility all because George is a little trouble maker and the fact me a few emails you know that that was the about was even before that right I let the wake out of the bag and then when you said take off those check it paid I think that was what put him over the edge the mole man put him right off the edge of the map the new qm line up is seen we put this on there because I'm no fool this is a way of promoting on our website exactly what the new schedule is I mean since it is just like hey city yesterday why should we let very jackass break the news story somebody else when it's on our station uh one at two our own horn is what the on for said and right at his summer I heard that you had your summer at on at hank and like I started to say before before a beener boy interrupted me hank is really got it out of a science now for example look at today he's on from three to four thirty you see what I'm saying you see what he's on tomorrow four to six thirty he's not taking any reduction in pay which of course that's nobody's business but I just mentioned that is another feather in the humpers cap he's continuing to pay the same big books for working a lot less to which I say yeah which indicates to me since I'm such a pain in the ass according to Tom jica I think I might have to rethink my deal you know huh yeah got it's going to be on for four to six thirty most days all during a long hot baseball season and then of course I have a feeling I could be wrong but next week we got the bellman on Saturday you have next week schedule yet and that would be too much to ask oh I don't even have Fridays yet did you only fast me one paid no I'll tell you one I only fact you one page in other words I don't have Fridays either there's the work on it in fact I just got a great idea this could be the greatest programming talk about keeping the audience on the edge of their seats this might be the greatest programming concept in the history of the business we're going to change the schedule every day yeah it's the new tba format right it's like people to use the show shifting the company not I wouldn't want to close to say that all the way that is what it was chaplain it was shuffling smith back on a lightball remember used to move this one around here just how thin is on at this time the cat is not my way normal call the last night don't be call me again anytime soon normal I was serious when I said it's a pleasure not talk it is because when he talks to me it's always something aggravating you know he always likes making a mountain out of a post you'll anyway our poll today the new qm line up is mow and guilty five to eight a.m. forl a to ten a.m. book and seek a new tend to to mad dog to the four hang for the seven and whether permitting morrow and seven to ten eighty k ten to two and two and mark two to five and our full question is what's your take we got the seven choices on here love a big improvement it's okay okay like it better the way it was who's more how it's a good or don't care only listen to the show as pretty good the seven choices there wouldn't you think and I'm sure the area could be working with the color crayons or whatever the small answer you'll get around with very very soon and we'll get it up there what we are and pull to he's trying to put a table up it's the best way to do it but he's having a little problem stretching it out well when it down stretch it out sweet heart in your case that you be no problem at all new imagine the stretch marks he's got I got bad ones before can you imagine a stretch mark that's an excellent pull question who's got the worst stretch marks al goldstein fat rich josh your freedman what happens when they do the stapling thing in any gain back all the way to another 200 pounds while you've got lots of slacks so you can accommodate it he must have stretch marks that like our god damn roadman or speak of the roadman 927 at 560 WQM are you bald well don't call fast rankers they can help you if you have a sexual performance problem score score don't call fast rank it's not their business but if you have a dead end job then you really ought to call him soon because fast rank and have you fully trained and ready for your new high-pain computer career in just for short months call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train that's one 866 fast rank and a lot of the way to get the job and the system financial aid they got convenient the evening we can classes if it in your schedule so you don't have any excuses no more to stay in that day in job you knew careers just one phone call and four months away that's us and it gets to the training you need to become a computer uh... thing and get yourself a big fat paycheck every payday so jump on a fast train today call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train or check them out of the web that fast train dot com my my my my my my my my my my my I this is for you by six two million if there's a but I smell it spreading like crazy They're getting their charms. Soon they'll be buried. And eaten by worms. People don't come together. People they stay apart. Nothing can stop it now. Because we are all scared of SARS. Very, don't go to Asia. Don't go to Hong Kong. Stick near up to Ranto. Be sure to hear. If you want to live long. People don't live forever. People must all be part. But no one wants it to happen. That's why we are scared of SARS. People don't come together. People they stay apart. 931 sunny day here going to be 608 today. And we run our no rain. No water out there in a highway. So we got a few people dying here and there. What's the big deal with that, right? Nothing's perfect. Anyway, very jackass, right? I think we should take a call or two before we get to very jackass. And a pull is up by the way. Great job, Eric. Look at that. Are you impressed by the way. He's got that line up in big bull letters. Some ice free advertising like the Humper said. Why not two our own horn and we got a few votes on there already. What's your take on the new QM lineup? Don't care only listen to Neil show nine. 47.3% of those who voted. Don't listen to the rest of the station anyway. Wow. Love it. Big improvement six. It's okay. Okay. Two. Who's more Howard David at one and a hate it one? Hmm. I'm sure the call wasn't let us know why they hated. Okay? No. Oh yes they were. WQAM I am I any hello. Hello you relentless best dude. Yes speaking. I just want to give you an update on your week away. Yeah. The guy in the last kind of phone. He wasn't the only one that hated George. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Really? He's like George. Okay. That's it. That's that's it. Brother. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh that's great. Why why don't I have to take some crap. I've been taking it for 40 or 70 years. Why not let you take a little bit of crap. See I'm taking it if you work your cards right. Once I hang up the microphone in about two through weeks. I mean years then you can like move in and you can be for else producer. I'll be doing six to ten anyway. What? What are you laughing about? Now you haven't said anything bad about him. You've you guys have hit it off pretty good from what you're telling me. Yeah. You were sucking his ass pretty good the other day. I'll be here. It's just big red juicy lips. Yeah. See he likes you. Very jackass rights people in sports WQAM ads for well the morning line up. WQAM was giving gravel voice to Scott for well his own program on weekday mornings and moving Howard David showed an hour earlier in what the station calls an effort to lure male viewers away from Howard Stern. See Barry I hate to break the news to you but there are no viewers on radio. I'm sure we got a we I know we have a lot of goofy people out there but even they aren't sitting there steering into their speaker waiting to see us. Luring male viewers away from Howard Stern well that's a good excuse. Beginning tomorrow Thursday May 29th. Howard David and Steve Geldy Goldstein will be host from 5 to 8 AM for well take over David's 8-9 AM hour near Rogers 9-10 AM hour Pitting him against Stern's national program air locally on WBG GB 105.9 on WQAM Rogers now will host 10 AM to 2 PM see Barry's like oblivious here because he don't want to give me too much too many words in here anyway because it's not a sports show and plus I know what an asshole he is. So he doesn't mention the fact that I did tend to to for what about how many years they do it. Back in INC I was doing 10 to 2 then I had that one little year hiatus on Zeta in the morning where we kicked some serious ass and then did 10 to 2 on IOD for one nine years. Right. And for four years on this station so I've been like doing 10 to 2 for a very long time until Greg we decided to mess with success and screw with my life. And boy did we have a bitch of a time getting that thing going. Such as Howard Stern he rup against its every other god damn morning show at least here with for well he uh you know starts at eight These got that other our following himself for now. He's you understand right although he will have to follow well. That's another better him than us. You know what I'm saying? No, what he said. I'm saying better anybody than us having to follow that. Anyway, WQM Rogers will not host 10 AM to 2 PM which in managed from 2 to 4 PM had Goldberg for the 7 PM whether permitting. Well, I mean, you know there's ball games pregame show stuff like that the hump for some days be working an hour to more power to you hang after all these years and all those meals you deserve it. You got to come. For rally sports shock. Jocke of sorts joined WQM as a freelancer just two weeks ago. He previously hosted an national show on westward one and also on skims for NHL's Atlanta thrashes. What about his morning show on any WB for what's their name? Open Anthony or right. Ren and Stimpy. Open Anthony. Opery in the open. What about that? What she doesn't even mention here. I mean, very let's face it all you do is you put down in a paper whatever Greg tells you to put down and of course, but Greg knows you could put in a thimble to have a Josh Friedman's room for his ass left over. I think Scott's highly entertaining and compelling to listen to WQM general manager Greg Reed said he has an edge and we're lucky to have him. And he sure have a lot better than George. For else show which is high energy but as the potential to offend might be better suited for nights read conceans, but Reed said he didn't want to remove late night host Ed Kaplan. And here's the operative line that Greg fed the berry. We need some help in the morning. So what an understatement that is we need some help in the mornings. Would you agree with that? Don't even answer. David joined QA in 14 months ago as a morning host and dolphins play by play and answer, but a recent months Reed has said the morning show needs more humor. Reed is expressed interest in managed during the morning program of this construction business prevented that. This movie is not a display of disappointment and Howard Reed said. It's having a chance to add a really strong person to the lineup. They are just big asses and stuff like that. David declined comment. Says Barry Jackass. Reed said David wasn't too crazy about his show moving up in our express interest in doing the show with for well, but Reed considers for a one-man band. Reed said David will be retained for at least iteration of his partial contract which has 22 months left. And believe you me when I said you Greg and the other management people are counting every minute of every day. I mean he has 22 months left and he'll be there. See got it. Got it. So there's very jackass as piece. So you know they're both on our website, Reed and both and weep Tom Jick is very jackass. Tom was a little bit more concise than that's probably because he didn't speak to Greg and Greg didn't feed him a bunch of propaganda. 73 hosts on there already. I think now we're back. You know what? Now we're back. Yesterday was like the day after Labor Day, plus that fire was raining like crazy all the way to the show, but that they knew it was going to be raining like crazy later on. So they were all out there at the rent of canoe places and they rent our ore joints. We're going to join joint. How do we ease this pot laws? I just mentioned it now. Well it's not law yet, but it will be. What's your take on the new line up? And if you want to see the new line up and just sit there and look at it, you know? Just like some of those pictures we have on our contestants on the hot couples. Do we have any new contestants yet? Probably not. Not that I've noticed. I thought you've noticed. What do you mean not that you've noticed? No, it was you haven't checked. Not haven't checked today, but yesterday we didn't have any. Well let's get with it. I mean we're starting a little bit early. We got to hold you on the 15th. For the second to go round on the hot couples contest. We got that nice trip for two of the Bahamas. We don't know about. Well, I don't want to plug the other prizes yet, so we know for sure. And we also have dinner for two of the pizza lofts. One of the prizes. The new QM morning line up. Sitting there staring right in the face and you can look at it. So, well, that makes sense. And I don't like that. Oh, that really sucks. Now that's pretty good. Whatever you're thinking, okay? In a quiet suit of wherever your little computer your monitor is. You know, you look at it, does that look impressive? Yeah. I think that's about the best thing Eric has done. The best work he's done since last time he came down and beat the crap out of the bottom boy. You're crazy. It is. It's looking good. Look at good Eric. And then we got the votes. We got 79 already. What's your take on our new lineup? We don't care. We own this in the Neil Show 29. See down to 36%. Love it. Big improvement. 23. Who's more Howard David at 11, even after all of this time? It's okay. Six. Like did better the way it was for. Haven't. Four. And who's Scott for Rell? Just a smile. Has got two votes. And then interesting. Who's more Howard David at 11 and who's Scott for Rell too? Call her for Rell used to be on a station on ESPN, right? For a long time. But you think that more Howard David haven't been on the station and all the promotion that we've given him endless tireless promotion that we've given his man, the other train monkey. You think that everybody would know who he is, but they just still, they don't know. And maybe they don't want to know, Mo. We don't. We're delighted to be very, very far distant from him. And I was like, like a bad dream. Like like when you have a bad meal and you find be eliminated from your system. You know what I'm talking about. I want to get you a graphic. You know, they have a really bad bowl of grits and get these of the schmits and you're finally, oh, you just get out of there and you're flush that toilet. And it all just disappears and you have this feeling of relief. That's that's why I sound so good to myself right now. Don't I sound pretty damn enthusiastic? I am. Because I feel like a, like a gigantic tour has been removed from my system for my vacuum bowels. Talk about a pain in the ass. So they would go on a rip George for three hours today, which is okay with us. We don't really care. Do we borrow Roy? No. Although they're not too happy with you either from what they're saying. I'm getting powder. 20 till 10 at 5 60 WQM. Well, he was going to come to town. Remember in the reinvent talk radio. See, even those people have preceded the right brothers. They gave it a good shot. But they can crashing down to earth, you know. Although at least they gave it a good shot. Listen if your carpet looks shot, here's the answer for you. Draw concepts. No games, no BS, no scans that per room stuff that somebody are, are carpet cleaning people promote. It's all bull crap is what it is. The dry concepts they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job. They rule up their sleeves. They dry clean your carpets. They look just like brand new. They smell lemony fresh. They stay cleaner longer. They last longer too. They're drying a couple of hours. And you'll say this is a freaking miracle. Because they make your carpet for just like brand new. No matter how stained, how smelly, how nasty, how embarrassing. They may be right now. And they also do an unbeatable job of cleaning your drapes. Those expensive area, rugs and oriental rugs. You're a poultry, you live in the furniture. And if you have problems with pet otters or mildewaters, caused by water damage, like maybe your pet ferrit is acting up. Dry concepts will make those go away like magic too. Nobody does a better job. That's why I've used them for well over 20 years in my home. And everybody I know, friends, relatives, enemies. They all use dry concepts so you can't beat them. So do yourself a big favor, call them the first time if you've never used to me for. And I guarantee you'll use them for a lifetime. Call them tool for you. The professionals at Dry Concepts, 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071 are just long under their website for more information. On the Stupendous Workway, do Dry Concepts.com. Don't forget when you use Dry Concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight. You're the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who puts his hands on his face and tears, he walks on himself up the line. AB 2, no. AB 2, Rising crazily like that is going to be the one who can't achieve the one who loves the one who shows the rice. AB 3, basketball, and basketball. A man whose makeup is his style is becoming more powerful, pushing the ball from the bottom of his head. I don't have to push down in control when I'm moving side to side, that's the point it pulls. I never have to spray, it's come loud holes. It looks a little light, let's do two rows. I'd wait for the left, it's wait for the right. One change you change and I'll tell you why. Not only are you burning calories, I could never let her get a big red ring. That's why we're friends, because you'll see and survive and you have to come fun. When they do, with the bomb, move, and up or two. Hey! Hey, don't come in, I want to know where you're in the man, but... Come on, know it. Where would you get off this hot pin? Get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it. Okay, let's get out! You know what I think about that book, Abra, and he always finds some excuse some way to slip back into the 50s again. No, San? Oh yeah. 946 and 560 WDQM, our pole is up on air, looks pretty good, I'm impressive, he asked me, but then again, I'm predaduced. Here's a call from Miami, hello. Deal. Yes sir. That first call had a wrong, that Georgia showed in girl like that. It was more like a beer, more like a cow wave on. Yeah, I love it, I say, we all go, we gotta go, I shed those wigs. What do you just say there at the end? No idea. He did what to most wig? Schmat? I didn't hear what he said. So right in article about it, Tom Jicker, because I can understand what he said. I think he said something about he said on most wig, or Schmat. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T of Verizon Wireless Time. It's our last ever 911 show. Oh yeah. Maybe that's not a big deal of the audience, because we've paper trained a lot of these people and got them into the habit. We should thank the audience that's adjusted their life to know where you know at 9 o'clock. And now that we've gone over a year, let's see, how long we've been doing this since I've more than that, because we started in January, but it's your right? January 1, and I'll ever forget Greg was standing there that morning. On the day after New Year's, January 2, whatever day that was. And like he was shocked that I actually showed up to be at 9 o'clock. Like he didn't believe I was going to be there. And if I was smart, I wouldn't know. I decided to say, are you crazy? You know, okay, so you're out of your mind, and he was said, but anyway, so it was like January, so we're talking a year, and January almost a year and a half. Like being set off to purgatory, it's like some kind of punishment for something evil and grow testgived on, which I don't even know what that was yet. Must have been, I hope I enjoyed it. And now finally, at the end of May, it is pretty damn near year and a half. Oh my god. And now we go back to 10 to 2, which is where we should have been in the first place, because there's no such thing as a show from 9 to 1. Correct? Well, it doesn't exist. You know what else doesn't exist? Easter Bunny's a show from 5 to 8 in a morning. Oh, it doesn't exist. It doesn't exist. I'm just mentioning that in passing, something for you to think about. Put that under your bonnet. Well, most of the ones that know yet were a bonnet, which probably didn't better for your image. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, doing Neil. Yes, sir. When everything, when I have a situation in my life, I always take a piece of paper and I have a way to make it as a positive. Uh-huh. You need building positives, I can see out of this whole thing is you go back 10 to 2. Yeah. And you have a good lead in with Scotty, which is great. And in May, Dor still has his 2 hours, it just moves up on our. It's well, you know, might not, you know, for so 2 minutes, I'll get more time. But obviously, he doesn't want it. But, uh, you know, it's just one to just blow out the morning show. Just blow it out. They didn't want to stay before. They, and they own those to it. They've been there running. They try to bring it Howard. It didn't work out. Just blow it out. I know there's money involved in all that. Yeah. I've put Scotty on the morning and I will let him rip everybody. Mm-hmm. For 6 to 10. Well, you got to understand you. How long has he been on the station two weeks? About a year and a half. But we're not talking, I'm talking about forl. But I can guarantee you two. He's not listening to me. He's only been on two weeks. He started as a part-time villain. Already he's got a full-time show start in tomorrow. And so, with things that are moving so fast with him, I wouldn't get too carried away. You know what I think it'll happen? You know, they're punishing everybody else. Besides the people that they have to punish. Yeah. Okay. But they don't want to pay him off. You hit it when you sit up money. They don't want to pay him off to the way. But I'm sure if the push got on the morning with 4 hours. I'm sure they'll make them money back very quickly. Because he will bring in the ratings that you guys want to bring in, which is the young ratings. Well, let me ask you want to pay Howard to go away. Oh, I would pay him. If I had the money that I would pay. No. No, I didn't say if you had the money. I said you want to pay him to go away. Because the, the measly sure is how I'm going to do that. You know, I will pay him. Because I like I said before. I think Scotty will bring in the ratings from 6 to 10. If he want to go against Howard, they should go against Howard. The four four are not just two hours. There you go. You know, I'm not giving him a handicap. You know, they're punishing everybody except the people that they have to punish. And they're poor Joe Mark. You know, those guys on the night, they're trying to do it. They take away an hour for them. Yeah, they're taking away the only hour that they might actually reach an audience when somebody's away. You know, an actual has been cursed since the beginning when they used to have money through Friday. You know, where they had to get that's another point. Right? This guy had to be in a programming. You know, and I feel bad for them because they're trying. You know, and they're on them and you know, well, you worked in that. You know, I was just sitting around my pool. They hate me. Yeah. You know, I hear a lesson, Palaya, I got all your comments down. It will pass along to the authorities. He was good, but he could go down until midnight. Well, he was worked up. You know, he at least is one of those people who has strong feelings about it. As opposed to a lot of wimpy, wishy, washy people out there. Don't forget to join George Boka, Brian, Beena Roy, and Miguel the afternoon. Happy our five to seven at Treasure Island. Located right off the Paul Meadow, just north of the 120-second street exit. It's legendary by now. Stop by to win some Marlin tickets and enjoy drink specials while you're there. Got it? Got it. Here's a fact that says, well, this is nice. Congratulations on going back to tend to two in the chance to follow Will Eden from a real morning drive host. I truly believe this will result in the Mahayas to wait a near rod you show Ever with the numbers going through the roof. Oh. No one really cares about the dirty boys already. Cancun will continue with a two hour dolphin pup piece, hosted by the man dog. On our that's a shot at the man dog, but nevertheless, but Hank pulled a coup with his less play for same pay. I like that less play for same pay. Excellent. I call him hopper. Anybody can do it man. He took I taught him well. He took the ball and ran with it. Well, he's the, at least he kind of waddle over to the dinner table. I do see this is being the first shove of Howard David out the door while the final nail in the cup and they come with the future edition of Juan from Little Havana. They five to eight competing with the three stewardes morning sports show. Oh, you know, something there's a programming idea. Juan from Little Havana along with stuttering Steve and Dennis. Again congratulations, Neil. It says the bull of his. Thank you so many. Thank you. Thank you. It's an exciting day for us. At least for me. Anyway, I don't know about George Pierce that much. He's got to get up anyway. He gives kid off the school. Right. That's all good. It's all good. Just like a bubble would say take a look at it. Put it in your mouth. It's all good. Does anybody would say? 148 votes on a poll. What's your take on our new lineup on WQM? It's right there looking at a bold bledders on our website. 157 votes like I said. Don't care. Only listen to Neil show of 66. 42%. Love it. Big improvement. 48. Who's more Howard David at 15? It's okay. 10. Like the better the way it was. 8. Who's got for RAL. 6. And a hated only four out of 157 votes. It's certainly not going to be unanimous because if it was unanimous, we wouldn't put the poll on in our first place. Even though it was a good way to kill some time. And secondly, you know, if we thought that everybody would love it, why would we ask the question, right? If you already know the answer up front, I mean, we would be like that poll, which we haven't done yet that, you know, paper or plastic. If you wipe with your right hand or your left hand or both. Front to back or back to front. See that's the kind of stuff that got Joe and Mark on overnight or side to side. Don't forget that side by each. Yeah, kind of like your cheeks. Back home, or side by each. Here's a call from West Palm Beach rhymes with side by each, hello. What do you say, Neil? Yes, sir. If you imagine four bastards that have to get up and five and five, we're going to be sort of working here. Who's eating a beef? Who's eating a beef? Who's eating a beef? That's worth to be a married. Yeah, you're right. Listen, you have a tight stuff. Mom made this plastic, answer painter is must-take. You know what? Yeah. He tried to do something that he ain't very good at. And not burdened up to even try to play off the U. The biggest thing in pop radio in South Florida. Yeah. He tried to take you on. Yeah, we sure gave him the opportunity to have a lot of fun with it. And he just can't do it. He is fun as not as vocabulary. He doesn't do it. And let me tell you something. He's better get that out of the twenty two months. That's every building broken down. It's going to cost him about $1 million. So I hope he gets his money for the next forty two months. But I pay him off. If I'd have to take a man to chalk. Okay. What about your head? Have a great thing. There's certainly. But you know something that's the way this show is. We don't pull any punches. We don't sit here and try to protect anybody. You know. I don't want to say. What do you say? If they get a little bit too carried away. If they want to rip somebody real big ass. Who happens to be somebody we like. Of course we don't like that many people. Huh. Now we like most of the people in the building. There's that good folks in there. Most like George Corso and engineering. Or you talk about a guy who's floating his way through life. Now we get Jimmy Altman. There was a real engineer. He used to work with me. I owed the Ryan Z. Where ever it was. A hundred years ago. Maybe not a hundred. Not a third man. And and just in one day. Yesterday he fixes our our fax machine. It was totally faxed up. It was just screwed up to beat the band. And then line five was his been out of commission. Which screws up our whole phone bank. That thing's been out for months. Right. See George Corso was not like lazy. But he doesn't care. He doesn't care. And fix it all. I had to do with screaming how or a little bit. Which I probably didn't need to scream in how or but I got a lot of practice. And bring it to his attention. And but I'm being there you go. It was they were both fixed. I'm pretty guy. They may press by that. You know what? Yeah. By an engineer that really cares enough to do a little bit of work. And just like fat Julio that they screwed over and pushed out the door. There was a really good guy. Love you Julio. Good man. Kared about the equipment. Kared about our studio. Kared about his job as opposed to like a a snathead like George Corso. Who's a little underling who knows that he's protected. But he's got the protection of John front the down front fiscal and a west coast and Bob removed the Naples. Yeah. That's why he's still in there. That's why he's got his job. The beast lazy got him under the protection of down front fiscal and a west coast of Florida. Not of the west coast of the west. That's the only god damn reason he's still there because you talk about a lazy. Well, the word begins with F. That's him. And you know something else. Now that we got this new lineup, which I think is a ballbuster myself. I say at this point we hold nothing back. You know what I'm saying? We hold nothing back. You're all you people out there that think that I ripped this one. We ain't heard nothing yet. Okay. Now that we got for real the boost up are because we always had the heat on us. Right. All these years was a wow. Neal there this and he'll day out. Now we're going to be small potatoes because this guy is like a potty mouth. Hey my guts. Yes. There you go. And that's why we like it. Right. And that's why we like him because just like Tom Jick a very astutely pointed out. It's going to be a great combo man. Back to back side by each. I think is a way to put it. I'm 57 if I and something else. What? I think I got to play a drum roll. I know we're going to go over on a goddamn break. I don't care. Drum roll. I think this is the first time. 47 in a half years on a year. 27 of whatever it is in a market. That I ever had a lead in. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Of course you better not bomb. The number one Asian buffet restaurant in the universe is Amold Coast with three locations for you. Boy you want to go and really pick out this is the place. They're in sunrise North Miami Beach. And their newest location in prestigious Pemberg Pines. Start your mouth watering experience with any or all of their six different delicious soups. That egg drop and want and hot and sour. And then sample dozens of second and on trays like New York stiff made order to the gourmet center. A sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp, scampy style. Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon, dunginess, crab and ginger and scallions. And even handcarp primer. I've been no forget to check out the North Oriental chicken salad. There's so many different things to choose from. I'm 30 man. You won't know where to start or stop. So don't. Just keep up shoveling it down. The Amold Coast buffet for most healthy cooking. Until you'll never walk out of that place with the headache. Because no corn starts no MSG, no crab. And they cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free oils. There are buffet features of ol' salmon bar, sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail. And because you deserve it, they've got a big disgusting dessert station featuring pines, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings. And fresh fruit, they even be having watermelon most of the time too. So check out the Amold Coast when you really got a big appetite. And you want to take the whole gang to pick out. They're in sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163 North Miami Beach. And at the intersection of<|zh|>Lingle and Pembroke roads in Pembroke pines. Take your family or book your next business luncheon right now. All size parties welcome. Let the folks in Amold Coast do the cooking for you. Take out delivery. Always available too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. For a fantastic feast always. It's the Amold Coast Chinese buffet. The Amold Coast Chinese buffet. What a beautiful girl. I'm here to force when you'll find yourself here. You, A, M. For David's a bitch. The Amold Coast is a beautiful dish. Call me here to give any of you a story. What does it mean to do any of you here to eat? You're all going to sit calm or something. Pembroke isn't it about time you left. His message brought you by the turkey. Ten-1-5-60 W. W. M. Not just a happy Wednesday. It's a spectacular Wednesday. I'm going to take a boat at least for some of us. That's right. We are a slap-happy. In fact, a moff city coming in slap-bubboda-boy-ribe a little bit. At least those were some of the words I may have not put them in the right order. Here's the facts from Jennifer and Miami who says, Dear Mr. Rogers, I was watching C-Span 2 yesterday and the commissioners of the FCC were conducting a discussion regarding the June 2nd decision about huge media conglomerates like we have now with cheap channel. I'm so angry that these big corporations and CEOs think they can dictate what news is suitable for me. Do we care in the US anymore as Jennifer? No, no, we don't. Well, at least most don't. That's why you got it. When does the Revolution start? Well, Jennifer and Miramar are hate to break the news here. But most people in the US are. They're like, just exactly like, but we're a little bit in that. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Howard David and Steve Goldstein are being pushed deeper into the night. What a line. Tom Jick has redeemed himself. It's hard to cover up for as many sins as he's committed. We just want to quick line like that. Almost a throw away. But at least in my book, he's got redemption just about 80% of the way. Well, maybe not 80% of the way. Well, maybe not 80% of the way. He's getting there. He's on the road to redemption. Good old little Tommy Jickah. Always doing Kadootan. Always knew you could come around to our way. Well, here's the new QM line up. Mohan Gildi, 5-8 AM, for real 8-10. Neotended 2. Back to 10 and just seeing that in print is so exciting. I could squeeze my kneecap. I could squeeze that spot on my left testicle. I'm feeling up very nicely from the ingrown here. Mad Dog 2-4. That should be good. Alright. And what was that? I know he likes playing with the audience. But I'm always that crappy was giving yesterday. But he's staying there from 1-2 and whether he's going to be there. Did you hear that? No. Well, that's right. He does a sports show. You don't listen. How about Thunderboard? You hear that? Oh, I missed that. That was your work. He was putting the audience on again when I crap about what? Yeah, I don't want to be like that. Like a battle. If I think I'm going back to 10-2, he was just a fun on them. You know? And of course, some of those sports nerds out there. They believe it. Hey, that's... Did you interrupt me again? Hank 4-7. On days when we got nothing else before 7. He... I'm telling you, this... this... this... Goldberg guy. You don't want he did to them? He did exactly what we needed to do to Ariel Sherone in the... Israeli's. He jutemned down. Marlon 7-10, ed. K-10-2, and Joanne Mark 2-5. What's your take on the new schedule we asked? We've got already 195 votes. Jesus Christ. Don't care only listening to you'll show 39% 75. Who do have no interest in the rest of the programming on QAM? Love it, Dig in Provin. 61. Oh! 31.7%. Who's more Howard David at 19? It's okay, 17. See the people say it's okay. They don't want to be like two-carried away like love it. That's something to see, ask for them. Right. So it's kind of like a lukewarm endorsement. Not great, but it... Okay, I see just like Phil says it. Like... Okay, I see. Not great! You know, we're not even... Okay! But like... Okay. Kind of men's a men's a... Uh... I liked it better the way it was before eight. Who's gone for real eight? And he did only four out of almost two or three votes. 196. Seems to me the audience is giving their rubber stamp of approval aren't they? Yep. So far. Now like I said, we're... We welcome Scott Ferrubba, the full-time line of on QM with open arms and legs and even... In some cases... Right, though, I'm not this one. But at any rate and that he just better not... Blow it, you know? I mean, this is not... WWE, WWE, this is not opion Anthony. I mean, we do have light and Anthony. In fact, maybe he's flat in Anthony, we do in five to eight pretty soon. Huh? Or five to six? What do you think? See, I don't want to think out loud because that would be bad. I'd have no death wish for anybody, although I will make one exception. I think you can imagine who that might be. Not a literal death wish, all I would dance on is grave. But in most cases, I would make that exception. I mean, if he happens not to be there working anymore very soon and if he were all those six to ten, which I'm positive that's what they've got in mind. I mean, not to anybody told me that in so many words. But I'm positive that's what they're thinking in the back of the mind and in the middle of their mind. Even if they have to wait, those twenty-two longer, scruciating months. See what I'm saying? Right. If you automatic Joe and Mark, they're like flexible, like an accordion. Because Joe's a good Italian voice, like a, like a one of those, uh, guinea grinders things, whatever those are. Like right accordions? The guinea grinder. And so they can like do two to five or two to six. Whatever they can expand, they can contract kind of like boner voice. Like dumb ass. That's what must said. Five six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I just, I feel like somebody stuck a feather in my vacuum. That's how excited I am about this whole, uh, and, and this came like out of nowhere to me. Right. Like out of the blue, among vacation, I have an really crappy time in Amsterdam, which is a toilet right now. And a weather was awful. And, uh, come back here and go through all kinds of delays of customs with 80 million questions. And finally, get back here. And of course, I got that big thing in the other room, which is finally gone. I don't want to say what it was. Well, there are intentions. We're good. No, it was not SARS, okay. Although it didn't have an instant fact that some of those letters in the beginning of the brand name of it. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, hey, what's up, man. Hi, no, it's her. Hey, no, I wanted to contribute a couple of things. Go right ahead. Here's a poll that you might want down the line. What's the problem with you? Before you get to, before you get to your poll, I ask you this question. Can you feel the enthusiasm and excitement generating right through your radio speaker today? I can feel it. Yeah. I mean, it's coming down the pike. Okay. You know what? This, this every guy called before he said it, uh, he would go up. I couldn't get it out fast enough from the world of two, by the way. But, uh, my team has worked the best rendition of about 30, uh, for us or, uh, the one you got. And then I got to say, man, I got a statement from all. No, the go-hats will come up with a party. Bye. What he says is good. It's ass on the door. Don't let the door hit you in the ass and I'll answer to what he said. I see. See, you can't fool me, man. I've been around these spikes too long. I picked up a little on the side. Not from them. 560, 50560, pound 560. There were no spikes in Amsterdam. I will say that. So in other words, it wasn't a total loss. No, there were just no tourists. And if anybody missed the, uh, show the other day yesterday, uh, let me just give you a warning again. Don't go to Amsterdam. Well, let you know when the green light is out again. And if that ever happens. I don't think it's going to be in time soon. It's going to be years down to road. Don't get sucked into wasting your precious vacation days and your precious vacation dollars by going to a place that used to be sensational and a lot of fun. And now is an outdoor toilet. In fact, it's so bad there right now that you, you almost feel compelled to like take your pants down like out in the middle of the dam. And just take a crap right there on the sidewalk. Uh huh. Well, no, it's an outdoor toilet. You wouldn't even feel guilty about doing that because it's never supposed to do those things is like an toilet. Well, that's what you're in when you're Amsterdam. And I say that would great sadness because I used to love it as you know. And he's idiots that they're more calling. See, though, I blame those people for like in and blame myself for being weak. Well, near use to talk about Amsterdam all the time. How come you're burnt up? Because it sucks. Okay. Because it sucks. That's like, go to a fine steakhouse. There's a steak sitting out on the table on a plate. That's from like 15 years ago and 15 years ago. It was a beautiful delicious steak right out of the broiler, you know. But now 15 years later, it's a little oldy and moldy and nasty and grow Tessk. And you might now want to sink your teeth into a too fast. You catch my drift. The message being staying away from that Dutch meat. Like I'm not there listening to it to it to often game. 10 past 10 at 560 WQAM 560 70560. On the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Plus, of course, the best part of this whole deal for me is I get to sleep like to Was civilized hour now. Oh, that's seriously. It's been like doing a morning show doing this 9 to 1 crap. It's like neither fish nor foul. It's like not doing a midday show that I did for years. It's like having to get up early enough. Almost like you're doing a goddamn morning show. So instead getting up like it's 615. Now I can sleep to 7 like a 30 minutes. Like almost half past 7. Which is like a normal time of getting up as opposed to like having to get up at 245 And a morning to you know, we've your hairpiece. That's, you know, even for him, I almost have to feel a little sympathy. There is, is that sad? I mean, don't you know that you basically hit the end of the road when you have to get up at 2. 2.30, 2.40 in a morning. Yeah, but don't people that age. They don't want to watch a lot. And it doesn't take several minutes to pick out depending on a mood you're in when you Get up in a morning. And then you can decide check out the weather. The shade of the piece that you want to wear that day. Okay. And then you put in blended. Huh? One of them is Scotch card at I understand for rainy days. Here's color red. Hello, Neil. Yes. I get up the new. Good morning. Good evening. How you doing? Okay. You to bread when you're obviously you to bread when you're at the state. I sure am. I hear it. Did that screen? Okay. I'm going to go to my son before that you go. But let me say this. After 20 years from the listening to Tom Radio. And following you wherever you go and in a secure home. I'm like this here. That morning show was doing fine with your roles and the rest of guys. Right. They brought in. Right. I could take it for it. But I learned to adapt to it. Right. As a native, morning race here. I think what makes one of the things that makes your show so great is that it's local. And you touch on local things. Right. Like what the weather in Toronto. Yes. Well, not just that. We are so we get it. That also is interesting. You're tripped here in your vacation. But there's morning show. Long story. He's bringing home a day. But he knew nothing about the dolphin. He didn't care to get out there and try to personalize himself with the dolphin. And that's how they show went by the wayside. So what now is the all season. What for else? I'm going to do. Now what happens? I'm saying I'm going to mind the dolphin. It's not the place. These fans. You know, it's one thing to know. But we won't stop by the fence. You know, we're doing a five with. And that is. Now that thing on the ass before I went. I've been wanting to add this rickshaw sound really stupid. But for us to this peat. Yeah. On on hockey. Now of course you know I'm black. We like that. Cable and football. Right. He has been. What's the hat tree? And I first heard that thought about it was near rug. Yeah. I said I'm going to call you because I've been saying about it. You're not what that tree. That's when you cover up a bad hairpiece with a. And I had to pick is when a player scores three goals in a game. Oh, any player scores three goals in a game. Right. If he scores three goals in the same game. And then what they do, the tradition is they throw hats out on the ice. When the set player scores three goals in the same game. It's a long standing tradition. Okay. I appreciate it. No one ever explained this. Well, there you go. Thank you, Neil. Don't ever say this is not an education. I throw sweet art. Gotcha. Have a great day. Bye. So she's written for a little bit of an answer right off the bat. She's putting him on guard. Okay. On Scott's guard. Right off the bat Scott guard. They don't want to hear no jets crap. They don't want to hear no out of town or stuff. They want no seriously. They want somebody who is really into the local stuff. And I did hear for a while the other day. They wouldn't whatever day he was on. Going on about how he's lived there for like a hundred years. How many years do you say? Wouldn't sell for about 30 minutes? Something like that. So he's familiar with local scene. But he just better really get emotionally into it. I don't want to like late out of law. But we don't need another New York reject. You know what I'm saying? We don't want any more that New York stuff. And people's relatives and families come into the games with jets, caps and jets of fits on it. That's not going to fly. That alienates the crowd out there. Okay. You follow him saying? Oh yeah. I think that's your problem. I think if you do a little bit more enthusiastic about the South Florida sports team. He's like me. You know, like the Patriots. 10 14 at 560 WQM. The Neil Deals just keep on rolling out like on an assembly line at Tom Lamin and Joe creator, Halipadi at GMC. And here's our what's going on right now. Neil Deal number one, get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pottyack or GMC in stock. And Neil Deal number two, get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock. And former military personnel, listen to this, get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halip right now. And here's a Neil end of the month. But you only have a very limited tolerance he 20 20 to an other I four days left. Common Joe will take an additional 500 bucks off on some of the Pontiacs and GMC's most popular models. But I quick because like I said, The Neil Deal is only good to the end of the month for more days. And of course, halibus is about a great selection of dependable pre on cars, tarx nests, U.Vs, and credit is never a problem. When you do your car shopping and help they'll treat your right. Halipadi at GMC, that's why they've been in business in the same great location for over 35 long excruciating years. long excruciating years as 134.01 South-Tixie Highway U.S. won across from the falls open every day, 7 days a week. If you want more info on those kneel deals, call the kneel the El Hotline tool free from anywhere. One Tribal 8-534-4211. That's one Tribal 8-534-4211 and don't forget, all kneel deals subject to credit approval, see dealer for details at Halod-PodiacGMC, even voter boy will tell you they really are professional grades. And beat that jater me. I like it. I like it. And now, here's Comic-Allie, the former Iraqi minister of information with today's Hollywood minutes. America can't get enough of the number one lackbuster tourney for a movie, it runs in the family. This brilliant work is smashing box office records. sexy infidel Michael Douglas has never acted or looked better. His son Cameron is the most talented young actor in the business. And Kirk Douglas is such a professional, one can't even tell he had a massive stroke. Go see it. Runs in the family America. If you can find it, keep your studies with the Hollywood minutes. I'm Mohammed Saiz also half. We will behead you all! Stay tuned to this station, promoting thanks from Iraq's Minister of Information. I think he'd be a hoopy between 5 and 6am. I'm just thinking that- Oh boy, it's the 1 to 2 hour. Just practicing for tomorrow. Well this is exciting, this is a moment I never dreamed in my wildest expectorations, but this could possibly happen. Especially when you're working for a bozo like rig. Join George Boca-Bry and Bina Boy and Miguel the Safnoon for happy R&T's R&T goes to Treasure Island is Boener Boy and Miguel. Find the 7-Happy R Treasure Island the Safnoon located off the Palmetto, just north of the 122nd Street exit, stop by to win some Marlon tickets, and enjoy Drain Specials while you're there and of course the feature that A will be the lovely whatever her name is. The lovely A-Bina Boy. The new QAM lineup is on our website, take a look at it, read it and weep. Take a look starting right there on the top, Mow and Gueldie 5 to 8 AM. See the good part of the deal is a lot of our people out there probably sleep till about 7.45 or 15. Maybe even the 9. And so by the time they got up that's already gone. You know? But they took some kind of an oral animal. What's your take? Don't care only less than the old show 95, 37.6%. Love a big improvement, 81, 32.1%. Sounds promising. It's okay 24, who's more Howard David at 22, who's Scott Farelle 17. Do I think I actually could do that if I don't want to, but I'm accurate. That could hurt us. Does it hurt? Oh yeah. Lighted better the way it was 9 and heated only 4, so there's last 2 categories out of 252 votes. A shocking total. See I told you yesterday we had some big stuff coming this week and there were some doubting promises out there, who think that I was just making enough doing a little April fool a little bit delayed, whatever. We don't mess around on issue. I've told you 50 million times we don't exaggerate and we don't mess around. We don't make up stories, you know? Especially when you work at QM, who the hell has to make up stories, right? We have to kind of mayhem and psychosis that goes on at a regular basis on this radio. See the one thing I really like about Farelle, even though I don't know him. I've never seen him. I've never met him. I've never spoken to him. But I know for sure as sure as my fat ass is sitting in this very nice office chair right now, that he isn't going to try to get anybody canned. Huh? No. No, you see what I'm saying? If there was nothing else, right? If there was the only redeeming quality that he had, that would be such a major improvement in terms of the psychological makeup of QIM. Even if I made fun of his wiggins that you have emails. Right. Or made fun of his checkered pants. Or whatever it will he's wearing. They're all filing lawsuits against me for having a boom boss at the pool. Yeah, see? You don't give a crap. He's just one of those people who just laid back and stoned off his ass and, you know, whatever. You know, care. As opposed to some other devious people who are coming to the likes of which I've never encountered in my life, and they want to get everybody fired at it. If you look at him cross-eyed, if you make some comment about his lime green pants, being a little bit too light for the y'all weather, whatever whatever it might be. Try to like, brow-beat his way through life. Well, maybe this is the reason that certain people wind up being shown to the door. Time after time after time after time, after time. Because maybe that whole routine just wears a little bit thin. And kids stop. Grindle that. And that's unfortunate. Now, what does Ramsay, what does that mean? Is this Patsy or Ramsey on a phone? What does Ramsay, Ramsey? Ramsey, New Jersey, hello? Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm doing great. You're in Ramsay, New Jersey. Yeah, I'm listening to you on the computer, which is normally reserved for like internet porn. So the very, very little. We're working on it. Well, I still have my clothes off, though. I just want to do a make comment on Perrell and Howard also. Okay. First of all, for anybody who thinks that Perrell isn't going to have anything to talk about, we need to down there when sports is over, they sadly mistaken. And I now think that Howard's career has the half-wipe of the cheese sandwich and the Sahara Desert. Which is probably where he'll be doing his next show from. Uh-huh. You know, you could send them back up North here so we can give him a decent burial scene. That's him, every enough. He's not allowed back. Yeah. Now. There wouldn't surprise me. Ever since he made that comment on the jet's game, gang rape is funny. That was the end of him. Well, women just leave you with this. Where there's Correll? There's fire. All right. We'll listen to you tomorrow. Thanks, Pally. How do you like that? Come from Jersey, are ready to promote for Well. Huh? You didn't have no calls from Jersey when most started. Uh, why we did not. Not positively. Now, what's going to happen with the, I guess, and that's another good thing about this, because I'll be sleeping about 730. And so by the time I wander in here, I won't be hearing any of the, whatever that show is. Wow. I went guilty. You got the roll tape? No, I will not be rolled a tape. I will not be hearing one word of that thing, which is really, but another reason that I'm so enthusiastic, God, are just so many. Carlos, can you give us an update every day? Yeah, beener boy. He monitors. He's our spy, boner boy. He wants to hear what name they're using for him on this, so we'll give him day. I think he likes you, man. I think that's where that boner boy. I think he's into a beener boy. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, New York. Great. Hey, this is a good day. I'm pretty happy about the results of the new lineup. The only thing that I can see is being in negative. Well, first of all, let's just say that I'm really happy that Mad Dog is still got his two hours. Right. Then the happiest part of the entire move is that Hank has less hours. I'm sure he would have, I'm sure he degree with you. Absolutely. He's terrible. Well, but I'm, he would have agreed with that reason, but he'd agree that he's delighted to work a few hours and give pay the same money. Absolutely. I'm ready for it. I'm good for him. And the really good reason is that I don't listen to Howard. I don't do listen to toast, Ron, and that cornhole. And I will not have to listen to cornhole anymore. All right. And George, one last thing, don't have another child, the writing's on the wall. Jeff. I'm not going to listen to my little brother. That's true. Woo. Yeah, don't go with little back folks. If you hated the job that George did last week and or boner boy, don't hold back. Okay. We're not holding back anymore on his show. They've given us like a signal. Okay. They were kind of like tit-tilling on a walk on an egg shells for a little while there. And then finally all of a sudden, the big pair dropped over their Naples for some reason on being known to us. And we're not going to ask any questions. We're just running with it. You know, just like when Jeff came in yesterday and said, run with it. Have a good time. And that what he said, something like that. Here's a fact that from Quincy in Miami, you say, So, so no, Mo, Mo. Actually, I think I'm going to miss him. The reason why I say this is because he's the only person who will still walk around with the dead. And I'm going to say, you know, and I'm going to walk around with the dead animal on his head. After all the attention and you and George created to the thing, that thing. You see, most problems he took too long to notice that his attitude sucks. And nobody likes him only the hairpiece. Go Scott, go Scott, near your God, no Mo, Mo, Mo, Mo, Mo, Mo, Mo, Mo, Mo, Please go. I can't stop. Man, I wish you could see this thing. I wish we had like television for just a few seconds. I'm trying to find it. I'm trying to find it. Yeah, that's what he was trying to stay. I can't stop. The pressure with this and the growth again, it is Wednesday. So we got our all comedy bits new into one hour. Kind of like give you a little bit of levity to lighten things up a little bit. Spirits them when you got water up your armpits. See, I do love that local aspect. And what I call it is being local like from a distance. That's the way I love South Florida. I'm a high and local. We are sports video 560's UAM. WQAM. Well, he's a talented, has he Nazi? Oh, who's at the party from his daddy? Oh, and then I said my little granny. Whoa, with an agenda that's crazy. Oh, well he's a talented, has he Nazi? No, but they are filet. Well he's a wrenzy that's what the fuck doesn't have to run. And what else is going on when he might as well just move right in. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He hasn't golden spoon. He was born with nothing as. So look out on you, Jews. Get ready for the gas. He's a talented, has he Nazi? Oh, who's at the party? He'll give our civil rights a whammy. Whoa, got's he a talented, has he? No, above the FLA. Well he's a very wealthy dude. With very bad excuse. Who never paid his dues? Right next year will always prove. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. He's hard. And he's smart with wind at rays against buddy. But K-Wild, you think they call it Gilbert? Vittorial and he's right. He's a fellow, has he Nazi? Oh, he's a cake, he has he. Poor guy. He's a talented, has he Nazi? Go, but that's a lie. Come on, let's do this. Come on, let's go. Let's go. There's 33 on the Martin Horren Show. 27 before 11 o'clock. You got man dog at one. This is the last day for this schedule. Ever. This is a critical day in your lives, South Florida. Most people aren't even aware of it yet. I love what Boner Boy did. I just noticed this by accident because I usually, you know, later in the day. I see, uh, the way he's presented the stories, the bedtime stories that I facts don't provide. Now do you see this, George? I'm looking at them. The article by Tom Jika about the programming changes. And it says article by Tom Jika. Go figure. He actually wrote something about radio. Oh, nice going, Boner. Thank you. Give him a little shot to Little Tommy Jika there. And well, the zero by should point out. Very well, dessert. Now what is this? Attention, Charlie. Can you add this? What is this? This is from Troy. What is it? It's something you're supposed to add to the copy. Boner, moment, please. Uh, the biggest loser in the episode of the QAM ongoing. So popper is Bill's infront of the dolphin fans. Bill most will be the voice. Yes. Yes, he will. Yeah, he forgot to throw it over big time. But what can I tell you? And of course, the mad dog. What could he say? We all know who he felt about it. Now, well, what is this? First time customers. I'm supposed to be able to read this thing that you just asked to me. Hey, Troy, I hate to break the news. Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I read the news? Did I either read it? I understand it's a temporal concept. I wrote it before I could hear it. It's just the way things are. Tom said earlier. The new QAM lineup is right there. The intensity of the numbers needs to go. 297 votes what's your take? Don't care, only listen to Neil Shaw 108. 36.3% that's called exclusive QM. Is that what they call it? Okay. Love it, big improvement, 97, 32 and a half percent. It's okay, 31. Who's more Howard David at 22? Who's Scott for RL 22? I think that's being manipulated. Like it better the way it was before, 12 and hated five out of 104 votes. I get complained that every single day. Everybody wants to evict me. 24 before I left a QM. Let's do porcelain Lucy, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Congratulations on being just certain no doubt in my mind that it would be helpful for your program. And for my life, for my life. Yeah, no doubt. And it must be nice. It's been a while since you had a lead in that, I mean, I've only listened a couple times for the teams like you could hold those own even on a close port today. Yeah. That's the beauty of him is that for everybody tells me he only talks about 40 percent sports and 60 percent wild crap, you know, whatever it is on his mind. Excuse me for asking, but I, you know, it's something we were the logic fails here. It's indication. Now that you're moving back to your natural pond, a lot of you syndication becomes more of a viable option because nobody has the syndicated show nine to one, like you pointed out a zillion times. Right. You're running the web pond beach market, even though you don't advertise there. And basically there's an FM talk station owned by clear. And I know right away, you're going to say, well, it's owned by clear chain, like I can never get on there. But I mean, the clear channel FM talk station in Orlando has Howard Stern, is their morning show. Yeah. And I mean, through already kicking their ass, I'm what they're offering up during the midday. You know, you have like a five share and I have out of market A and signal. I mean, you pop you on FM and you're instantly the number one show for men in that market. Right. So I mean, what are your people talking to their people? You know, seeing if anybody's interested in making a deal. I mean, what would be the downside for you and what would be the downside for bees when they make it that happen? Because it's not like you're generated in any revenue out there. You can get in comfort and something you're getting nothing from now. You understand what I'm saying? I sure do. I'm all for it. I'm all for it. In fact, you must be psychic because as of a couple days ago, George was telling me that there's some things being discussed. So, okay. Well, at least I mean, I don't care for them more gap. But man, just somebody who needs to, you know, start to ball roll when the sea of that's a possibility. You know, I know it won't be normal kid. I know that. So, I mean, we'll have to grab the ball by ourselves. What did an agent man start spreading the word around here that you know, maybe like to be on a wet palm on a nice clear effin signal? I'd like to be on an incident. Dave and Broward are a nice clear effin signal. I'd like to be on an incident. Have a great day, pal. Hey, you too. Bye. See there. You go there and say, I want to show syndicate. And we say, yeah, we go back to tend to two. That's a time sloth at every radio station has. It's like a real time sloth. It's like a time from like six to ten, ten to two to six. Think all of these things. That's how radio works. I know that's comes a great revolutionary concept. The Greg Reed and an former Kent. Of course, no, my Kent does a show from my eight to nine on a make believe station that nobody hears. Don't call again, though, norm. Please, don't get carried away. Don't overdo it. It's nice hearing your voice, but let's not get too carried away. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. It's going to take a conscious effort. You do realize that tomorrow. Because we're all creatures to have it. It's going to take a conscious effort to set the alarm clock for an hour later. And to actually be prepared, be ready to go back to do in ten. See, nine o'clock, it just, my metabolism isn't ready. You know what I mean? I've got sounds silly. But it is just when you're going to have it for years and years. It's like people who do morning shows. I mean, people who are all, how can you get up for 30 in a morning? But when you do it for years and years and years, people like Carl the Soos and JP McCarthy and, you know, some of those old towers that did morning radio for, what was the guy and JP, I just say that. I just said that. Her boss grand is in that's what I'm thinking. WBC. You get in the, your body gets in amethand. Then all of a sudden, we have this dramatic change. Like certain people that have to get up now, like a 230 in a morning dust off their hairpiece. It's going to be quite like shocking. When you think, I sure hope it doesn't affect his health. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going to be pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I'm sorry. Go. Okay. That's the new five to six. I am guy. Oh, I just have a feeling that is the weeks and months roll on, you know, and is the payoff number becomes less and less. And of course, all depending on this, where are we now? Oh, the summer book is now. What where are we? Sam lost. Tamara from her March April and May. So the spring book is two thirds of the way through two thirds. But if for example, in a summer book, when that thing comes out and you go through the hour by hours and if five through eight A.M. is like more about what it has been. And eight to ten, there's a real spike in real increase. You see where I'm going with this? No, where to break. My life and love. This is for three of five, six. What a two A.M. It's great. Oh, three of you. Be sure. That's how we pass the time away in the geo jail. Oh, hey Steve, hey Jim. Say, did you get a haircut? Nope, boy. Is there something different about you, buddy? What's different about Jim? He just asked his doctor about Viagra. Hey Jim, have you lost weights? Nope. In fact, I've gained a few henses if you know what I mean. Viagra. It can change the way you feel. Wow, who just broke me in the ribs? Oh, hi, Jim. Have you been working out? Nope, but I'm feeling pretty pumped up. See the difference Viagra can make in your life. Oh, Jim. Is that pocket fisherman in your pants? No, but I am in the mood to throw for Sniper. Viagra. It'll change you for the better. Hi there, Jim. Say, did you get a raise? Yeah. You could say that. Ask your doctor about a free sample of Viagra. But please wait until you get home to take one. 10. 4. At 5. 60. It's always a good place to hang a laundry, I guess. Here's a facts from somebody who's just you for who's in his steric. It says it's a grat. This is a chronic facts. It's a great day at QA. And that place has to be jumping. Congrats to you and George and Bonerboi. I'm going back to tentatively getting a first time lead in. But I'm as pretty as a girl. Yeah, there you go. My question is, do you think guilty wishes he never met Howard David? And how can you say the Howard David show from 5 to 8 without laughing? 5 o'clock? That's hilarious to say. No, I don't want you to find that kind of like cruel and unusual punishment that somebody where I'd rub it in like that. Yeah, that's terrible. To have to get up in a wee hours and morning and start to show it 5 o'clock because they're trying to like bury you literally and figuratively and put you in a spot where like nobody can be embarrassed by hearing a boring crapper putting out. The pathetic condescending crapper you're putting on a ear. There you go. And that's separation. You know what's it like there's going to be? Yeah, it would almost be. I'm not this is an awkward for real because it's great having him as a lead him. But even if we had dead air and there would be an improvement soon, I'm saying. If we had the radio test pattern from 8 to 10, I'd be going. Oh, right. Yeah. That would be sensational because we need that separation. In fact, maybe he'll do better away from us. Maybe we're his problem. You think? Well, he said so once. May once? Well, that I know it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in horizon. Wireless line. A great day. This is the dividing line in our lives. You can feel it. You can smell it. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hey, me. How you doing? Pretty good sir. Hey, congratulations. Good. Good news all the way around. The only only one problem. Do you think he can figure out that they're trying to get rid of him? I mean, for God's 16, your citizens love being places at 5 o'clock in the morning. I'm on during the early bird's special. And I'll guarantee you he's out the door. Oh. Okay. Thank you so much. And have a great day. What do you say? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in horizon. Wireless line. A whole bunch of open lines on there. Now, I was a little bit too you for here. I thought the audience was really into this today. They're not. Although after yesterday, this is a major improvement. Yeah. And to take a little teeny tiny baby steps especially after them. Although I thought we'd sure have a lot more critiques of the job that you and Bonerboy did last week. Because I did that one guy. No, you wouldn't even want guy. I'm sorry, too. The one guy called twice. Yeah, that's true. He did? Yeah. My fault. But third man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. The room where I'm hearing up here is that you guys do the spectacular job. That's what I'm hearing. Yeah, with fact, that's a good job. I'm thinking that George still ought to be buying Bonerboy a car. Next to us. Huh? I mean, this is a guy. It's almost June. This weekend will be will be in the June. And here's a punk who's doing a spectacular job on our website. I should point out, I mean a phenomenal job. And he's driving a car that has no air conditioning. I know. And if it wasn't, and already it cost $100. And no radio. How can we get, how can we get mode day by day? It's a spyre reports when we don't have a radio in his car. He carries a boom box with him. Well, I subsidize him. Every way I can. Don't most we can scary a boom box. No, seriously. I think you ought to be paying somebody's car payments. So why not him? How about nice little Kia? Aren't those very inexpensive? I'll Kia his car. Yeah, but you will. Come on. That's what I'm thinking. Get him a nice little or something. And let this summer. He's burning care. I'm going to get him a little something. I'll be great to go outside and see you. What day is your birthday? The fourth. The fourth of June. Okay. So I know people out there and he's not going to chip in and buy a beater boy like a little. Maybe like one or a little corvettes that bulk of brands always bring in by that. I don't want you know, little toy corvettes or a shivet. Yeah, that's probably what he'd like to do with it. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Take a morning, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. It sure is. Oh, happy day by the Edward Hawkins thing. Is that wish I had that record right here? I played now. Yeah. Take back his sweet. It just takes a little time. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. I like the new lineup. You know, you mentioned something that mosaaged before on Friday. He made a reference that he was in the mid to upper 50s. And today he made a reference with a singer that he liked the summer birthday. And he said, well, is there a her age of 59? He's right around there. Right around there. Give her take. Give her take a few years. God, you're a man. You give her take 15 years. Right. Yeah. He's full of shit and they're pushing him out the door. Love it. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Obviously he's got a little cupcake with a candle in it. And he's having his little own personal party over there. I'm sure that many people are celebrating. It's not that we wish most people any bad luck in their careers in their lives. But in this case, we do make an exception. Because never in the history of my life, and I worked in this business since I was 17 years old, so that's 43 years. I worked in a radio business and it's a piece of crap by the way. It's a garbage business and much worse now than ever used to be, because at least in the olden days when he had different ownership, at least there was a possibility of somebody had a little bit of a, a little bit of something. They had a chance. Now the chances are slim to none because you got three companies that only every god damn radio station in the universe. But in those 43 years, I've encountered some terrific people, some good friends, some people I could have cared less about, some assholes as in any business. But I have never encountered anyone with the arrogance, the ego, the psychosis, the bombast of this creature, of this man with the weasley hairpiece, who came into this place and decided he was going to like give everybody what? We was going to throw his weight around, I believe he's got plenty of it to throw around. He's got a poopic. And so the fact that he's being, what is the line that you could use again? I'm saying that, I got to right here, I'm keeping it close to my heart. Deeper. Our David and Steve Gold see her being pushed deeper to the night. And on as most of the commentary has been about more, very little about guilty, but I will say this guilty. You made your bed now, you're lying in it. Okay. Now you're going to lie in it. You hooked your, what's that, what they say, you lie to your life, your star. To the, whatever, to the bedpost overnight, hits your trailer to that part, I don't know. To a piece of turd. And now you're going to go right down. So I'm sure there won't be any more of those psychotic calls when I'm in Florida from Goli. Oh, what am I going to do? What am I going to do? This page did possible. I'm going down the drain. Well, you're going down. All right, baby. But when I think of many of the things that we're said and he's sat there and just pirated right along. Some of the most grotesque unacceptable crap. And the fact that my reclosed personal buddy, Juggs McDonald, that he's been after his job for at least two years now. How do I stick to that? What a horrendous game last time. You watched it. I'm sure. Oh, yeah, we made it. Jersey three and the next nothing. A coma inducer if ever there was one. Just exactly what you'd expect with those two things. Let's only pray for forestrate for a sweep and just get it over with. Okay. Get it out of our lives. And wait for a fresh start next year. Pemberg Pines. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. You're going to have decent hours like used to because I remember when you went to nine o'clock. Oh, just to complain that, oh, I wish I was back at 10 o'clock because people got so used to listening to you. It took me a long time to listen to get used to listening to you. Not only is that, but everybody who's listening to radio shows people as you know our creatures have it. And people are listening to shows that around from six to ten. They've been doing that for years. So at 10 o'clock they have it was if they liked this show they would turn over to me at 10 and it was like a natural segue. You know what I mean, even even the Howard sperm people, many of them after four hours that was enough even though they were. But nevertheless they would a lot of them turn over to me at 10 o'clock. It was like a ritual. Okay. It was part of the what you do. And then all of a sudden they would expect me to come out of the blue and and change everybody's listening habits. You just can't do it. I mean, we did pretty well in that hour, but it's almost impossible. Yeah. I mean, you know, the rating showed, you know, when you were since you went to the nine o'clock hour. You know, for the whole time that you were doing it, you know, your ratings were good. I mean, there was nothing wrong with the rate. But it was our weakest hour in addition to which when a lot of people who would tune in at 10, they missed the first hour. So they have no idea what we've talked about what the show's all about. What the poll is what what's going on. And it's just like a handicraft. That's right. Well, it's great that you're going to have some, you know, a better time slot and have a better person to, you know, get a better. You know, get a good lead in on hanging out and both that's right. That's right. And, you know, send a send a mobile back to Boca and, you know, pack a pack a sandwich with them, you know, and a salami sandwich. Yeah, there you go. Okay, I request. Yes, sir. A shameless request. No problem with it's the one with Mickey, Mickey and. Why is there? Yeah, it's the one. And then there's several of them. I'll tell you the one I like. Okay. I wish you put it on the web. I was listening to, you know, on your Neil sounds. It was great. I must put it on your Neil sounds. Have a great day, pal. Don't push your luck. Have a great night. I'm saying it's great. It is great. Thank you. Great day. Good night. Bye. Bye. He just didn't want to say goodbye. You've been with people like that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's good. That's the kind of guys that they are. They would like to be on a whole four hours and especially five to six because there are actually a few people who might get that hour. But not look at the other way when you're doing a really crappy show. Right. When you have no material, I'm going to cause a really lame or you don't get any course we can relate to that. And the good part about being on two to five in a morning is you know that everybody is asleep. My life and love. This is for 205. 605. 205. 205. 205. 205. 205. 205. Good morning, New York. Max, do you feel it, Max? Space Phillips, please. Please. I don't think we can make a space Phillips. Oh, Steve Phillips. Phillips? Who is this? Yeah, Kelly. Who is this? You are Kelly. When the world is this? It's Mickey Mouse. What the hell's going on over there? Mickey Mouse. Mickey Mouse. I don't work for you. You want to? I just want to call the one up here job. You're terrible. Mickey, I already have a job. I fell on Philip. What do you want me if I'm terrible? Oh, you're good right in over here. I'm surrounded by it. It's my figure. What the hell's one more? I got people to know what they're doing from coast to coast. Oh, dear. So, put on. You know what that is, but? No, I don't know what that is, but. That's really much. The video won't go with a blooper on your phone. No, who that is. I got Steve Phillips on the phone. These are a boobos. I know we call it, well, I'm trying to hire him. Bobo. Take a look around. Everybody that works here. And horrible. Or am horrible Philip. Yes, Mickey. I have never gone up like when to. In a room. Mickey, we're practicing right now. We're going to win tonight. You're terrible. I'll play a fine movie here. So, I can't do it. I gotta go. I gotta practice to run. I gotta go, Mickey. You know where I'm the practice is? I think you will. You promised tomorrow. I'll be the call you back. I'll call you back again. I'll call you back again. Call me tomorrow. You're playing hard again. Hold on a second. Wait up. There you go. The next one is a goal. Turn the center off. Wait up. Wait up. What? Turn the center off. Wait up. Turn. It's horrible. Why would Steve Jobs want to come work for us when he listens? All this crap going on. If he's terrible. I know he's terrible. People know, do you know? I'm trying to tell him. You need to know what the network was. We're not going to think. We gotta get rid of eyes. Hello? You're making it. What do you think, Philip? You're not a horrible horrible. You're perfect for a boss. You know what? I'm pretty sure. I really got no interest in talking to you. What do you mean? We're happy. We're happy. We're happy. We're happy. We're happy. We're happy. You just come through my desk. Try to put a new finish out of both. Why are you having a jigsaw? We must. Gonna get this shack. Or shall I go up my desk? Or shall I get this? Or shall I go up my desk? Or shall I go up my desk? Or shall I go up my desk? Hey Philip. Billy or Mickey I'm gonna give you a win, but they could be a new catcher. No, reman's We already got a catcher. Mr. and the catcher balls. Yeah, I'm gonna win. Your catcher's only hit the ball. 120. Where is it gonna do it? Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey. You're missing my deck ball off. Alright, don't you think it over? Alright, I'll think it over, they can't get over. Thank you. Reman's I'm gonna put my feet like you, I'm gonna. 1103-560 WQMC. I almost forgot about those two new ones. Yeah. Didn't you? Nope. Here's a facts from Rudy who says, Neal the only person I feel sorry for is Steve Goldstein. It must be terrible working with that Grouchy old man. Also yesterday, I facts you the exact WQM lineup. I should get a price. Says Rudy. I'm sure Rudy met a prize and if he would have written he should have gotten a prize member weeka, but he wants a price. That's how much it'll cost to do. I have a spent you new name again on the Eurudie. Eight bucks. He should get a price. Well, I don't think he did facts exactly to lineup. Did he? Was that one I came very, very close? I don't know, I thought somebody he facts that exactly and you thought they were an inside job. But it wasn't exactly. There was something like a little whatever was. They got some kind of a displaced New Yorker. You're tripping. Exactly. 560-70560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. It's a Wednesday. Means New to one. We got the big comedy bits. Our. I'll find all kinds of good crap on here that we haven't played in a long, long time. And then maybe some that we have. In other words, I'll play whatever it had I feel like it. So, on the other hand, yes. On Wednesdays now, is it going to be the one to two? Why not? Okay. Doesn't that make? I mean, would we do? New to one and then we come back and do other hour? That's what I thought we should. I mean, only somebody who'd be a real moron would do something like that. Holy cow, it might be. It could be. It's the wonder to hour with the arrabbers. I can't wait. And then of course. It's the van to two hour. Hi, Vey. Yeah, I mean, your whole show is based on tended to. And all of these things that I've been doing for years, and this jackass, this simple and this god would have been a whole him as a named Greg Reed, comes in there. Oh, do you be really great to stick on a 9-1, you know? See, any excuse being that they built me the studio in Amsterdam, which I no longer use, and this one here in Toronto, the only difference being that I gave them the deal was the extra two years in a contract. That should have been more than enough. See what I'm saying, right? And exchange for these studios. That should have been the deal. Not moving to 9-1 to try to fix the morning show that he had already broken. That's what I've been going through for like 16, 17 months now boys and girls. Trying to fix somebody else's mess. Never works. Never works. Finally luckily, see how the OPEN Anthony thing worked out for us? See if they wouldn't have gotten candid, if they wouldn't have done that thing with a couple having sex in the church. See, it's okay if the priest has sex in the church with the altar boys, that's fine. Well, they have a special room for that. But if they have a couple of simulating sex in the church, or maybe actually really looking at it, then it's bad. So when they got blown out and they gave up totally on a format there, I'd like to do any W, and I guess for all I got blown out at the same time, right? Right. When it doubted they blew everybody on. So in hindsight, that was a very fortuitous moment for us if you were in for us on a show. I am not from New York. I hate New Yorkers. Good. See, we're staying standing. Good inroads right there for that black lady, they'd call before. If OPEN Anthony hadn't gotten fired, they wouldn't have wound their way down here to rate mode. That's a good point too, and he'd probably be so about that. We have 404 votes, are you impressed, voter boy? He wants to get the food. Thank you, how he's... He ordered another eight orders of bacon. Now what is that all about? You were telling me before that he keeps ordering multiple orders of bacon. I mean, don't give me wrong. You know how much I love bacon, but bacon is not good for it. It's one of the most nasty things you can eat. I spot you not. He's ordering. That's all he eats. Why? I will ask him when he comes back in from it with his sack load of bacon. Seriously, he ordered eight sides of bacon. Although I will say this to you, I'd say one of my favorite things to eat, but I have no idea how to make it. So I never, I never make it at home because I don't know how to do it right. Probably not that difficult. No, low heat. You're cooking on low heat, and then you really need a toaster of an unfinished at all, don't you? You know what they do when they do? Which is genius if you ask me. They just put it in the deep fat fire. It's not like it's going to get any greasier. Oh, I hate to break the news, but I don't have a deep fat fire here in my apartment. I know, I don't probably most folks do, but I just don't have to have a deep fat fire handy. Well, if you had a fry daddy, you'd be dangerous. I see. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, where I was lying. Here's open a park, hello. Yes. What the hell was that? That's for all. Oh, is that for all? That was for all junior. Yeah, we do have a problem with all the billboards. Now, maybe we have some people who would like to volunteer to take their crayolas or spray paint guns or, you know, somebody dropping from a skyhook and hover over the billboards. Change the time zone here and get them right. We had a spy report yesterday that most billboards are on a turnpike right by Griffin Road to run. That's right on the ass-in of mine that his is disappeared. You're just like that, like something way to magic wand and made moes of billboard disappear. Now, if they could make most billboards disappear, you can only imagine what they're playing the next. Oh, they already did it to his hair. See, that's got to be unpleasant, you know. I mean, not that he doesn't deserve the unpleasant fact that he's dished out to everybody else in spades. But it's got to be very unpleasant knowing, I mean, he, nobody can be that stupid. Not to see the head writing on a wall, what's going on here. And the fact that really and truly that six to 10 am is going to belong to. Does everybody from Miami, isn't New Yorker? Swirl all of you. See, there you go. To that guy. I mean, I'll bet you're a life on it that he'll be doing six to 10 before too much longer. Yeah. Right. That's an easy one. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Anybody else in the audience would like what you like to bet your life on it that Scott will be doing six to 10 soon on QAM. Probably have a long line of people want to help you out. Here's Miami. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Are you doing it to loyal Air Force listener? All right. How's it going, brother? Sensational. Hey, listen, I remember when we talked almost a year ago from New Mexico and I was a bit in at you because they moved you back and now I had to wake up two hours earlier because I thought that was the reason you were on the internet. This is a great day in it. Oh, it's beautiful. It's beautiful. It's probably we can get rid of two, two, two, two. You know, pretty soon, you know what I mean? Ha ha ha ha. Hey, also Neo, another spy report talking about the year. Oh, do do do do. The billboard's going northbound on the AT&T the Paul Meadow. Yeah. You had one at Gun. Yeah. Well, they probably ran out. In other words, being the cheap ass after that they are. They were there for a pretty long time. Like, from February, March, about four or five months. So they probably don't want to get a budget anymore for the billboards. Oh, yeah, they were there quite a bit. Well, I vote. I'm not going to take a much use time. I voted for it's a great change. Everything is beautiful. And if I can take a shot to my brother, what's that for Peter's most? Okay. Five, six, seven. They love Mickey, man. I said they really don't. Tom five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Do have three bedtime stories here I would like to get to. I guess I haven't had to discuss too much about Ottawa. Ease is the pot laws. No, what's to say? It's great. The federal government doesn't want Canadians to use marijuana. But yesterday, softened the penalties for people who do do do do do do. While insisting pot is bad for Canadians just as Minister Martin Koshan introduced legislation. The criminalizing position of as many as 30 marijuana joints. All right. Did they show it on the news last night? They showed the amount. Yeah. Fifty up to fifteen grams. Again, not completely legal, but it would be only fine. You know, like a traffic ticket. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. But, uh, and of course this hasn't completely passed yet, but they're saying that by the end of the year, this will be the law. And then they showed the twenty joints. They were interviewing some people and they went, uh, took the little bundle of the twine joints and put it in front of this old lady and she said, and it looks about right. That's not right. Yeah. That's what she said. It looks about right. For her anyway. Oh, and I got another great story about another Catholic priest. That's your old lady. No, no. Yeah. Somebody here. He's getting twenty years. All right. I try here. Listen to what's anyway. Here's a call from dear field. Hello. A real field beach. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm on. I do not know. I didn't even hear you. How are you? No. Great. How you doing? Great. Uh, I personally am very happy that you're back on some tend to do. All right. Because after one o'clock, there was a much going on. Yeah. You left the air. Uh, I could have been late. How did that come about? You got back on a ten. You know, something that's one of the great. That's a great question. No, no, seriously. People think I'm making a stop. I have been bugging them for that for a long time. And I basically had thrown it in a towel. I gave up because I kept getting a lot of lip service. And pretty much it was like locked in. I mean, they just didn't seem to be any way to make it happen. I mean, I come get to back in Miami. I come back from Amsterdam on Sunday. And about two hours later, the phone reason. There's mufflands, you on a phone or operation manager to ask me, well, what I think of the idea. And I said, oh, yeah. I'm going to find it. And they just, you know, of course the morning show they've been really disappointed with this. It'll be very kind. And then they got the opportunity to get for real on there and stick him in the lineup. So they decided to do a insert him in there for me to attend, which solves everybody's problem. Welcome, graduation to you. Thank you. And in closing, I'd like to say, is it to you, do you do die? Is it today? My own, my water. Wonderful day. OK. Thank you. Oh, yeah. We need that. We need to take that clip out of there. My, oh, my, what a wonderful day. Yeah. We're going to be singing that tomorrow. I'll sing it that tend to two. And we need a lot of help from the audience out there because once again, here's another radio, Maven, jerk in the audience around. You know, like I said to the one caller before and I've said to many, many, many times, people are creatures of habit. I've said a lot of times today. I'm sorry, man. The creatures of habit. You know, they like to show it like the prices right. You tune in, love it in a clock in the morning, right? Right. If you like the prices right, if you like watching the guy with the, you know, white here, what is he going to retire already? Oh, I had off a moral day. I'm sitting there channel surfing because because with the time change, you know, I woke up like at 5.30 in a morning on Monday. And so I'm sitting there watching TV and watching it. And there's Bob Barker. I'm thinking, you know, I mean, not that I don't like Bob Barker. I mean, an old guy like him. He's in his head. I'll give as much answers he can. But what is enough enough already? I'm telling you. I didn't even see Rod Roddy on there anymore. He's probably in Thailand again. Looking for those, uh, silk suits. 1113 at 5.60. Speaking of Rod Roddy, what a great segue. I fell into a bucket of crap again because of one thing about him. Why you know, many things about him. But the most important one is he's, uh, gigantic fat. Like most Americans, huge. Not good. You get sick. You get diabetic and you die. That's right. Fat is not only ugly, but it's also so name on healthy. That's all the more reason that people get frustrated because they try everything. But standing under him, losing the weight. Balance for life could be the answer you've been looking for. Jeff Cohen at the pizza lock, old pony tear lost a crap load away on it. Even the beast who used to be our friend, the beast lost, uh, what over 60 pounds on it. Right. Before we decided to turn him back to the wolves and just to get him out of our lives. And you can do the same or even laugh better. If you got a hundred pounds to lose 30, 50, whatever it might be. There's no calorie counting. There's nothing to keep track of. Except filling out your little menu where every week you get two choices for each meal and snack and they deliver right here door every morning by six in an A.M. like clockwork. A little black sack that's got your food for the entire day in their three delicious fresh gourmet meals. To the list just snacks. Nothing frozen. Nothing pre-pabricated. No chemicals. No additives. No crap. And so you get plenty of food to keep you satisfied and eat them all through the day. You'll never be going hungry on this program and the weight pours off your body. So give it a try because if you've been frustrated with all the other died programs and haven't been successful or kept gaining it back, balance for life could be the answer you're looking for getting on a right road to get in your health back. Balance for life column today at 9.5.4. 5.6.8.30. 2.29. 9.5.4. 5.6.8.30. 2.29. You'll start seeing results within just a matter of a day. You can check them out on the web if you like balance for life.com. 5. The local V6 is 5.6. The re-use on your... You win! Yeah. That was a re-joy. What was it? What the hell was that? I don't know, Tommy, can you give it to me? That was the freaking re-join I went on for like two and a half minutes. A minute, 34. You better go in there and take a look at Tommy. You can see he's got like real bloodshot eyes more than usual. Actually, I think that's the problem. Is that actually white? Well, seriously, what was that? That was not a re-join. Maybe I made it with Stagan, it was supposed to be a spot. I thought we had a line-up change, not a format change. What the hell was that? I have listening waiting for the... I haven't taken it well. This must be a spot that was written on the log and not on mine. We didn't find out what the goddamn sponsor was. Anybody know what the... No. No. Those snappy new beer commercials that they keep doing. Oh, look at this, this is from Howie. Now, not necessarily from Howie's restaurant where we get our food delivered so often here, but from a guy named Howie who says, vacant, put a paper towel on a paper plate. Right, he's right here. I've done this. Put five slices of bacon on a paper towel, put a paper towel on top. I recommend more than one. Tastes more than one. But I'm not talking about it. No, the patient of Michael... That place in a microwave for one and a half minutes, removing discard towels and plate bacon will be crisp. Now, are you saying that that's all you need in other words, you don't have to put it in a frying pan first? Correct. If you put it in there long enough, it'll take some experimentation with your particular microwave to find out the right time. I got a good microwave here. I don't want to go out here as bad, I don't want to go out down here. See, I like three or four paper towels at the bottom, because you will be generating a lot of grease. But yeah, they do come out. You're not really cooked in the... I'm generating a lot of grease. If Aida's much bacon is better, but boner boy, there's Ena Guerantia. I'll be generating a lot of grease and it won't be on the plate. He leaves a trail. Oh my god. Can you even begin to imagine? Wow. What is the story with that? Why are you so hooked on like an enormous, you mungus slabs of bacon? What is that all about? It's easier order, and I would think that these guys could order for me without thinking too much. Obviously, I was wrong. No, but that's not... My, didn't show up? No. Well, yeah, now I got a bacon cheeseburger. Mmm, that sounds pretty good. Quick pitch, and you got free food for Quanara. Anybody lives under an overpass, these bits and a bug get in the free meals. And I was starting to get porcupine by what we get, you know, what we bring them. Right, the morning guys out, out of the kindness of their hearts, sometimes they order for us as well. Us beating... And by the way, when we say the morning guys, we should point out we're talking about second Robert Reaper, not the guys on the air, not the... But they forget that they forget to order Carlos's food, then he gets really surly. One of the classic most stories was that a that Doreen arranged to have all of that food come in. Where did that come in that day? It was for a Gellie's birthday or something. I have no idea. You remember that it was just a ton of food out there? Was it from... What's the place with the, uh, with the potato lot, keys? No, wasn't from Corrosis? And they, right, it's not important where it was from, but there was the whole table out in the hallway, there was just like between our studios, just laden with all kinds of really good stuff too. And more went out there during a break. I wish I would have seen it. And started to grab it out of something. And, uh, oh, is this for us, as you said, well, no, they delivered it for, uh, Gouldie's birthday. Oh, look, it's not for me. I'm not going to touch it. And he slammed it back that in a box and went stirring back into his studio. If my name isn't on it, if it wasn't delivered for they has majesty, then I'm not going to touch it. F...pretty. Yeah, f...and fed you too, Mow. By the way, how you been lucky enough at 130 in the morning? Former Louisville Kentucky Roman Catholic priest sentenced to 20 years alive. A retired Roman Catholic priest at the forefront of the Louisville Arts Dicey's sex abuse scandal was sentenced to the maximum 20 years in prison yesterday for decades of sexual misconduct against children. This is in the estu...these Boston Globe, and today's Boston Globe. The Reverend Louis E. Miller's 72-pley-agually in March and Jefferson County Circuit Court to 44 counts of indecent and immoral practices and six counts of sexual abuse. The 21 victims are now all adults. Miller took for a full moral responsibility for his crimes that I stand before God. Oh, God. To be judged later, he blamed his crimes on whatever mental illness I might have had. I hope some day I can have your forgiveness, Miller said. Miller could have faced hundreds of years in prison based on the law of the time most of the offenses were committed, but under current sentencing guidelines, 20 years was the maximum sentence. Miller's niece, who was one of his victims, said she was satisfied with the sentence he'll be out of reach at children. Now that was the most important part for me, she said. Oh, he's 72. Well, see him no more. He's in there for 20 years. He will not be on the outside again. I tell you one of the great challenges of my lifetime, and I have to be crazy if I do it. The Marine Dowd column today, which it's on our website, it's a great column. And you know how she always likes putting in words that we never heard of before, at least I never did because I'm dumb. But this is one of the great tongue twisters of all time. In fact, even the name of the column, and a God in the V2 we trust. Anything out of give it a shot? Yes, please. Marine Dowd writes it today's New York Times. By rolling over a rack Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld hope to deep six to six these. The president was down with that. He never grieved on the farm of the age of Aquarius anyway. Conservatives were eager to purge the decades demons from Thai to moral relativism, from Hanway Jane to Wilting Page of Tism, from a government of Leaming America, first from Lucy in the sky with diamonds to the clintoness, whatever gets you to the night ethos. And their preferred calendar, Morgan Gritchie and then Gregorian, American culture fast forwards from Elvis's blue-sway shoes to John Pervolt as White Polyester suit. Whatever else has gone awry in the midi so far, the administration may have succeeded in exercising American queeessiness about using force and any vestigial image of the military as baby killers. As Robin Tilda wrote in the Times yesterday, trust in the military is brimming up to 79% from 58% and 1975 according to Gallup. The tactical efficacy and moral delicacy of American forces in Afghanistan and Iraq solidified a trend. The children of Vietnam's guard boomers trust the government, and especially the military far more than did their parents who's general generational mentor was don't trust anyone over 30. But third man, as Miss Tona noted a Harvard pool fund that 75% of college could trust the military to do the right thing, either all of the time or most of the time. Two thirds of the students supported the Iraqi war with Hawkspeating Doves 2-1. Mr. Bush runs a trust us or 100% right regime so we've got a young generation that wants to take it on faith and an administration that wants to be taken on faith. The beginning of a beautiful friendship, maybe, unless the White House politicizes 9-11 so much it squanders all that belief. Carl Robs' re-elections strategy is designed to tuck 9-11 heartstrings and his ads will be heroic images of top gun chasing down the bad guys. The president and his posseed ever had anger over 9-11 to Iraq and other diverting it to Iran. The Bushies are playing up al-Qaeda terrously, say, or hunkered down in Iran even as they overtook all the al-Qaeda terrorist crouching in country's administration doesn't want to demonize like Pakistan and Saudi Arabia. And the Hawks have turned a grooming Iranian exiles who are pumping out reports of secret nuclear labs, aren't familiar? After the war the Trump administration bragged about its Iraqi Taliban and Kaita scouts painting our enemies as being in retreat. Al-Qaeda's on the run the president said in Murak Arkin saw that group of terrorists to attack our country is slowly but surely being decimated, right now about half of all the top al-Qaeda operatives are either jailed or dead, in either case they're not a problem anymore. But Al-Qaeda became horrifyingly clear a week later and re-ad was not decimated, it was sufficiently undecimated to murder 34 people injured 200 and scare the daylights out of Americans everywhere. If Bush Chinese O-4's use of 9-11 begins to look like cynicism, then cynicism is precisely what it'll produce. Officials should stop speaking about threats and triumphs until they know exactly what they're talking about, they should lose their bewildering and unconvincing color code, because orange doesn't communicate anything to anybody anymore. They should agree in a spirit of humility and true public service to stop getting obnoxiously in the way of the release of that 800 page congressional report that'll provide whatever American has a right to know about 9-11. As Michael Isakov writes in Newsweek, the Bush team doesn't want the public to pour over the president's daily intelligence briefings, like the one given on August 6, 2001 of the Crawford Ranch that dealt with a possibility that Al-Qaeda might hijack airplanes. Or the parts of the 9-11 report that deal with our petroleum pals, the Saudis, and their recalcitrants in cooperating in the war on terror. The report he says discusses evidence that individuals with Saudi government connections may have provided the hijackers aid. The public should take its cue from Mr. Bush's goal idea Ronald Reagan as the Gipper advised, trust, but verify. That's Marie Dow's column. They pretty good reading the old. Give it about eight and a half on a scale of 10. In a god of the V2 we trust. Let's play in a god of the V2 three or four times. What do you say, honey? I'll repeat it. Our big schedule change for tomorrow. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh If it looks like a musriat bat on your head, and then there are the guys to one of drill holes in your head and have the blood gripping down your forehand, and then their people want to send to those drained, dangerous pills and to reallyicus make sure you push off because they won't caught your hair back, Charles Alfiorihori ever even punished an actual airline system available to any price in the world, was just why even the famous and the visioners go to Charlie for over 25 years. He's been doing guys right and get rid of that bald spot and he give you that 30 day guarantee, 30 days is what it gives you as you guarantee, but, but, oh, if you don't After 30 days loved the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting all the action you can handle and then some Charlie give you a full refund. Don't forget to mention my name when you call mention your wife is getting extra tune about South of regular price. Here's the toll free number for the Charles Alfie or studios in Fort Lauderdale 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413 or log onto their website at CharlesAlphieri.com. Don't must go. No war, such a hero grow. So the wreck is alive. So it better not go. Shout out to the fish that we'll go. Charles Alfie is a stupid bitch. She's burned up the mouth. Now, Cheryl Crow is going to head out. Just say goodbye, Crow. Cheryl Crow is going to head out. Just the village losers. Every day you can hear her wine. I wish somebody to go. But I want to watch you. You can get that on Beast. We got the Yankees. And this comeback is a red sauce fan. The first guy I meet when I walk into this way is just you know, I'm the red sauce. And I go Fenway for posties. It's 132 at 5.60. Well, let's give him a little taste. You know. Little taste of for else, since he starts tomorrow morning 8 to 10. And we go back to 10 to 2 tomorrow. Oh, red the word. Right around with the sandwich boards on. This is a thanks from Peter and Mommy Beach. Congratulations on the change time change. You know, he says, P.S. If you have a George Forman grill, that's the best way to make bacon. Well, I do have that one down there that one you gave me. Right. Green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green green doorsester looking for that. If you want to see that new line of pit correct error on a website which we usually don't do a thing like that but you know why not give ourselves a little bit of free policy right? Right. 461 votes. What's your take on the new QM line up that starts tomorrow at 5 a.m. on the Mohour David edited his show. Don't care only listen to Neil Shaw 157 34 percent love it. Dig in proven 151 almost 33 percent. It's okay 47. His Mohour David at the 45 who's Scott for RL 37. That's why we keep playing those drop-ins. That bubble gum stick on my shoe. So you know who he is. Lighted better the way it was 16 and I hated only eight. So yeah those last two categories there. That's only 5 percent 5.1 percent pretty small potatoes when you say. Yeah. That's why. Well especially in a town like in South Florida where it's so hard to please the public you know. No matter what you do you could stand on your head. You know it wasn't quite the right angle. It wasn't the vision we were looking for whatever it is. It's not easy to please. No. But this seems to be the catch me out man. Let's just hope it's not one of those. What are those candidates? 7. Can't. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Pretty good now. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it from Bokeh. Yeah. I just wanted to do a say at the defense pit. It was great. I actually am the lead measure for a firesteepup.com. And I was tracking up on that bit. Excellent. That's great. All right. How did you end up? Thanks, Bally. See ya. 5. 6. 705. 60. And are great Wednesday man. This is a day that just I'm going to go out and eat a whole bunch of stuff. You know. For lunch. I mean I like a whole bunch of lunches. What? What do you like about it? I feel like having a party now. Don't you think that's appropriate? Yeah. Well, just because you guys are sitting there shoveling out a bunch of free food, I'm going to have to go for it. You're not? I already have it. I'm not. Oh, brother, pretty soon he's going to start getting his demanding is your good pot. Oh, you know, I would demand food every day when he works in there. He doesn't ask for it. He demands it. See, you should be here because they forgot his catch up. Who's that? How is they forgot the catch up for the cheeseburger? The bacon. Oh, you should see the snit. You know, you're the only talking about. You ought to have a rough time up, which is what a rough, great specialties by the way, he can make knots like nobody. He, you time up, put him in a corner and start shoveling chocolate bars down his throat. Do I dare admit what I bought yesterday? Oh, God, what? Those score bites. Oh, and the worst news is I don't think I told you this yet. I don't want to tell you. Oh, you know, there are times. I know it sounds silly, especially it's an excuse that fat people make, but sometimes you feel as luck against Percy, like, remember I started talking about the score bites. Right. And then I found that Bryers made that score ice cream and half gallons only, which I couldn't find like in pints or courts, half gallons. Well, guess what they have now? I give them in my dominion supermarket where they got like 75,000 different kinds of ice cream and all those concussions. Now they've got a kit, not kit kit bars. What are the other little, what are they call those? I don't know. Yeah, there's a little, I ask not to scum open. What do you have? Huh? Twix? Not twix. The little ice cream square. The con like bar. Oh, sorry. Not a got con like bars with the score candy in them. And they also have ice cream bars with score candy in them. I mean, did this happen like on like a days after I discovered those score bites in the in the sack? And there's nothing worse than we're going over and finally got a bunch of score bites in your sack. Like they got a call yesterday about his foreskin. They had the I was saving the C-shell. He's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's the case to keep my guess. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey. Yes, yes, sir. What do you say? I don't know. Oh, and back at you. Here's Viral Beach, hello. Anyhow, what's going on? How are you doing, sir? Good. When I'm in your hand, I'm duck last night. My anhyen ducks? Yeah, you've been on, you've been wicking their ass before play. Well, I've started. When did I ever say I like the anhyen ducks? I can't stand either one of these. I can't stand their team blow it out your ass. Sir, in fact, Viral Beach is a perfect place for you. I've been looking their ass. You got the wrong guy, man. Anhyen ducks to them. In addition, which is one game. He must be one of those obnoxious assholes from Jersey. He must be submitted like the sludge came down stream and he came with it to Viral Beach landed in the perfect place, by the way. It's horrible, game. I didn't watch more than like 10 minutes of the whole thing. It's suck. The series is a death wish. The ratings are going to be in a minus column and his guys give me crap because evidently he's a devil's fan. And by the way, it's nice to see that you're a fan of a team that can't even sell out playoff games. Oh, my God. A team with no fans. There's no fan base to understand they come about how many times in less few years. God, man. That always have a great team just about. And there's no interest. Nobody cares. They're like right there in a middle of like 15 million people. Nobody still gives a crap about the devils. And he's given me crap about how about you. I like this. Okay. Go look primary Zance. You idiot. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, are you? Great. First time long time. All right. This is a great day. I agree. It makes us Dave and better to get rid of him on Dolphin Broadcast and bring his infor back to. That would be good. That would be excellent. That would be excellent. That would be awesome. James even better. Ain't going to happen, but that would be since they all are. Should never say never because right, though we get back to tend to to again either. That's right. But great day. That's our next project, man. Exactly. Okay. Thanks, pal. Bye. Why? I always feel like a pulse, you know what? Oh yeah. It's pretty rare in South Florida when you can even feel a pulse, especially after all of that rain and nasty weather and heat and humidity. Just the mosquitoes is big as bowling balls. Are they talking about West now, virus yet? Not yet. Oh, we are here. Oh, well. I mean, if there's any disease been invented, we're talking about it here. If the mosquitoes don't catch it, then the SARS will. If that don't catch it, then the man cow will get right. We got something to get you. It's called getting even. That SARS virus. That will teach that bush bastard a thing or two. Twenty-two. And of course, if that don't catch it, then there was someone at bad weed will get you. Oh, no. Now that they're all running around with hands full of joints handing them out on street corners. Spares and joints, Mr. No. Twenty-two noon at five, sixty-w-two. QM, I got our big noon to one hour today. It's a Wednesday and then of course that's, and isn't that appropriate? The way this is all laying out. Right. Like magic. Yeah, it's just, just like we planned this, which please don't give us that much credit, especially if you weigh in. But it's just all fallen into like a rolling into a bucket of crap. Amazing. The outlet is something that's really good, not crap, and that's all you're made. It's good, it's good crap. All you made soft shells contain all kinds of good stuff in there, which are good for your health, and that's why more and more people are including me are poppin' it in their big fat posts every day. All you might contain is the best olive oil known to man, super concentrated, loaded with health benefits for you. All you might in your mouth every day can up-produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different olive-y-med formulas that you can choose from each one, combining from a super-grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and herbs to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you, and now they've got three brand new olive-y-med formulas. One to help you sleep, one to help you control that weight, and sell to you 10 for your heart. Pick up some olive-y-med, wherever you do your shopping, it's all over town now, because more and more people are poppin' it. Pick some up at publics, at Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarroz, or Sadhanos, or Order of An Online, if you like, at oliomedamerican.com. You want more information about their products with a new for you, and where you should stick them all in the comments. And then, you can call Tulfree, 1-866-Oriomed. That's 1-866-655-363-3633 for optimal health, start poppin' some oliomed in your post right away. This is for twittling my 6th year. You way, yeah. That's my 7th boy, it's Shudders' smell. This lousy-lookingie has screwed up my blood cells. Screwed up my blood cells. The Hnicca's thought to breathe, I couldn't stay alive. I wish I never signed up for them, said to not revive. It said to not revive. I left my body and I started walking towards the light, but that light was the flames of hell. And this is where I will stay. I will burn. He turned a leap right into the sun, but kill against you. 135-5-6-C. The WCM don't forget to join George in Book of Brian, a boner boy, and Miguel the 7th and 5-7 at Treasure Island. No, no, a special attraction to that, huh? No, just us. Just them. Well, our lousy-ticket's don't forget those. Like I said, no special attraction today. Anyway, Treasure Island off the palm of the planet of just around the 122nd Street exit, stop by the windows, really nifty, Marlon's tickets. Anybody wants to? No. And enjoy drink specials while you're there too, a Treasure Island, with our gang, with our desperately horny gang. And Miguel. I don't think Miguel was desperate. Just you? Only mentally. 5-6-7-0-5-6-C. We got, uh, looking at one call on the board, we got the 14 minutes to kill here. Not a good sign. Not an as a matter of fact, this is our last segment, right, before the big change over. How momentous I feel like we should do something. This is our absolute last segment of the 9-1 thing, and then of course, because new to one, we got comedy bits, which is a phenomenal threat. That would be like tying all Beatles music on, you know, like in an old East Asia. What would you do then? Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, you going to take a part tomorrow? Good, congratulations, man. I'm even fishing about moving back to Tang. Good job. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Buddy, come. Okay, thank you. The amount of call is going back to 10-2. Rectom. 5-6-7-0-5-60. Boy, this is, I guess they're going to make me work for my cash today, huh? This last segment. See, this is our floor. I just got through saying this, which was a bad idea on my part. Never count your chickens before they call. No, you know how it goes. Yeah, believe me. You've had plenty of experience. Just when you think all of a sudden they were, and but we have a nice even number of votes on Apollo 500. That's not too bad, you know what, Bonner? Compared to yesterday, it's incredible. Although we did wind up over a thousand votes, so maybe it's just, I don't know. Maybe they're just all getting their lives back on a sort of after the holiday weekend. They were getting back in a town. We wind up at a very respectable showing there on our website. But you know me, because Zino's out for it, and after all of these years, you can never be too cock-sure if I can say that. I can't say that of what? I got everybody's wicked, huh? All those guys at the end with their fancy, hey, it's no my guys. You're hot on Kevin Melach. Why don't you shut up? Exactly. Couldn't have said it better myself. Five, six, you know, just the idea of sitting down here tomorrow morning, knowing that we're following him, a friend, a friendly voice. Somebody who at least will give us a, cut us a little slack, you know, give us a chance. And as opposed to hostile and hateful and obnoxious and, uh, and the try to get George fired and me fired and vulnerable and everybody else. How Greg would ever put up with a crap for a year and a half. That's the real mystery. Okay, that's what a lot of people must be wondering, okay? Maybe this is, maybe this is, maybe this got must have had a really a pretty solid contract, huh? Oh, he had to get one to begin with. And that's my point. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. Hey, you know, that's the same song for the, for the station should really be. Remember the old, uh, uh, a Rolimbrow commercial, uh, years the good friend. Yeah. Anyway, how you, every time you play that Greg read part, you know, the asshole thing, you're insulting mine focus. Just keep that in mind. And, um, when I, right, hate you. He's, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I am angry as hell over the, about. And this camera, Jackie's wife with the picture on the ID, that somebody would take this a cord. Oh, I saw that story. Yeah. I, that they just can't say, listen, you're in America. Everybody has their picture taken on the license. Right. A problem with that. Don't drive. Right, exactly. You see, you get involved. And I gotta say, I'm blown away, that it's, that it's, that it's, that it's, that it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's. He just wanted to say camel to. Jackie, that all he wanted to say. They wanted to say it with the whole, yeah, camel to Jackie, I just said it. pound five six the on the AT and T and rise the line, and five six seven, five six the, those B. The number is okay. Let's just keep this thing going. Another couple of minutes. See, I don't wanna end on a down note. You know, that would be bad because I'm so up. I'm just like floating right off the top of my seat here. You're floating again? Again. Here's Miami. Hello, how are you doing sir? I'm not bad. I just want to ask you, which one of these Democrats here for 2004 you think is going to be able to take out Bush? Uh, at the moment? Yeah. None of the above. How are you doing? Let's go Howard Dean, a shot of good old BDI Bobby Graham. Well, what a silly came in jumped into the fray. We're not going to talk in. You like that? I don't like it, but I think that you're talking. I think she might just shock the hell you. Oh, man. How about you hooked me up with some marins ticket? Yeah, okay. Well, hook you up. 560, 750, 160 with some marlins tickets. He says it almost as good as Joe Rose, the marlins. You know, he was in the building today, running to him. Joe Rose was in the building. What? But he had to say he said he's flat-happy. Is he really? I bet you he's ecstatic. In fact, he's got a big heart on. Yeah, but she does. Because there's nothing like when you get screwed over like the morning show guys did. He was leaving anyway, but they did in such an ugly grotesque. Greg, it's been really fail fall on their ass. And then makes you go, yeah, yeah, that'll teach him. That'll teach you to screw me over Jackass. Oh, I guess what we're going to have today for the last time. Jackass? No. No, stuff like that. Just stay Goldstein. But you can call me, Galzie. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to a wave of it and I am in town. It's the 12th or one hour. That. And we got a whole bunch of different ones. And I guess we'll have to probably do well. What's in there? If I can find it. I'll be re-done. Just think he gets to be paid again to do it. Oh, yeah. We already got it. We got a pretty good head start on. Oh, don't tell me. I don't have the rosanna. You must. Because after all he's having come back here. Oh, there it is. Oh, thank. Man. Talk about breaking into a cold sweat because this is going to be the very, very last time. We're going to be doing noon to one hour stuff. I mean, this was a bad idea. Greg, why don't you just admit it? You should be making announcements since you're so good at recording the special announcements. You should record an announcement. See, you want to apologize to Neil to George the Bonerboard everybody associated with the show and especially the audience for screwing up our lives for like 17 months of absolute hell. I mean, it's not good enough that you know you do a job for people and you make them a lot of money and you get them big numbers and you do what they heard you do. No, that's not good enough. Now make me amolive. You know, poof you're amolive. Then that kind of crap. Yeah, perform your magic trick. Well, here's one. What on your shoes, okay, Greg? But I'll tell you, uh, I can bet you a tough and clearance threat in this to give jica and very jackass those naked pictures. How about you? That's the reason that he finally came in. What's the thing? Well, you're jokes. Everybody's wicked hot. Go die with my girlfriend. Go to the yard. What is, you know, the one thing about it is I never understand what they're least talking about. Like, who's making fun of Bostonians, but, right, I mean, just in a more general way. He just, uh, did his stuff comes out. You know, he just bought stuff on. He's a cook. He's something. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. And you know what's up, man? How you doing, sir? Do a well. Hey, I wanted to give you a call, man. I'm actually a news of the areas that's relocated from Chicago. And, uh, I know. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. I don't know, man. I'm surprised I don't have to go through costumes all the down here, man. Yeah. But, uh, the listeners here don't have the right action at all. You won't be there more than six months. Yeah. Well, I wanted to know some, uh, so what's the deal with all the surf clubs down here, man? I've never seen a place for so many surf clubs. So many, what surf clubs? Surf clubs, man. nose. Strip. Oh, strip clubs, I had a band form. Yeah. Somebody's dressed. So what's wrong with that? It's wrong with that. I've just never seen anything like it, man. I don't know, man. I don't know. I've just never seen any place like this, man. I don't know. I've just never seen any place like this, man. I mean, either go to the early bird dinner or you go to the strip club, then there's no other choices. That's it. Oh, man. Wait, I have to give you a call, man. I heard you on the radio, but they don't have anybody in Chicago that's, uh, that's on your level, but I don't know. That's, for God, I'm sure that that's a really a sad comment, too, okay? Okay. Wait, man. You got a new listener. I'm out. I'll ride. Have a great life, Pally. I'm out. He's something like a good guy, like a living and breathing guy. We got a new listener. Oh, right. And when we go back to 10 to 2 tomorrow, we're going to have listeners up the Yes. You know what I'm saying? That's right. Then if you like we have listeners up the Yes, it feels like something. I heard last week, you felt like you had listeners up your ass. That's the room where I was hearing all the way over in Amsterdam. We were saying, oh, those listeners are calling like right up Georgia's ass. Especially your girlfriend Jones. Hmm. In the shooting, we can't keep Reverend Jones on just one more time before we. I guess not. Anyway, here's the way to Polish shaking out right now. The new QM lineup is. There it is. There's all laid out for there on our website, New Rogers.com. That's any IL ROG ERS for people who are really stupid. Don't have a spell right. Why do they want to put a D in my name? Oh, why do they do? Always do. Yeah. And that's in the needle. What's your take on the new QM lineup? We asked we have 516 votes, which is pretty heavy duty considering the fact that most people in South Florida already are gone. They're gone anywhere they can get. Don't care. Only listening to Neil Shaw 177 34.3% are exclusive QM. That's more than a third you believe in. You turn. Now it just changed again. Of course now. Uh, 178. Love a big improvement. 169. 32 and a half percent. Uh-oh. It's okay. 55. Okay. Who's more? How are David at 51? Who's Scott for Rale 41? Like the better the way it was 19 and a Hay that eight. So he had those last two negative categories. That's only 5.1%. So I think you've done a good job there. Clorence and Muffin whoever else is responsible for this. I don't want to say great because he was probably caused like I said. Probably they could pick use of him and could be any number of suspects in that building. 1156 at 560 WQM. We've done it. We managed to get through. We have finished off there with a brand new collar. Guy said it like he was under the 800. Lots of it will happen. There's so many strip crubs probably a bag. The best good. Probably why he likes this show. You see how I attract him just like honey. Right. Bees, honey. Nice hearing from you, honey. I can't wait. Let me tell you about another great institution. South Florida that is brand issues. For over 25 years they've been putting great shoes on people's feet. Treating you right. Giving you great unbeatable service and selection prices that are unreal. And of course they got all the top brands in the world. They got rock ports, Echoes, Muffin, Tho, Timberland, Clarks, S.A.S. And lots more. What they have teeny tiny feet or big big ones like Tom Welling who's our, his swelling. You know, I missed the last episode. Oh, missed me. What happened? I'll tell you all about it. Oh. Anyway, they got the men size 6 to 15. And Brandy's women's 5 to 12. And which from the very narrow to the very wide platypus costau. And with over 40,000 pair of shoes and stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store, you'll rarely hear a sorry Mr. or man. We just don't have that shoe in your size. They got it. You want it. They got it at nonbeatable price too. So take your feet to Brandy's. There are 1290 North Federal Highway in Paparovic. Open daily 9 9. Some days 10 to 5. And it's a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandy's shoes. All this week selected naturalizers normally 65 bucks. Our only 2990 to 3990 right now is I speak. So stop it or visit them on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. My local here's sports radio 560. And I am proud you're here. I am proud you're here. And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new rocky. I'm gonna use the hour. Check out and pull the ball. Oh, right. I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kinda sad. I got my smell from home with my dress. And for my dad. Oh, god of thought. He like a driving range mat. When it's cold outside, Use my lips to hang your hat. I can blow in your ear, give you a lap dance. But you won't notice me so I get some implants. I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and find in tissues. Got to say I'm cute. This am frisbee. I'm not lonely. We're your piste. I've got a nice ass and for like kids' teeth. But I can't get a man. Cause I got no titties. I got no titties. There's wonder of growth. It's something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're an a diving board. When I turn the leaven, I started to give you. Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boots. Got to say I'm cute. This am frisbee. I'm not lonely. We need your piste. I've got a nice ass and for like kids' teeth. But I can't get a man. Cause I've got no titties. I got no titties. I got no titties. I've got no titties. No titties. William's Japanese recording. Now Lucy and the sky with diamonds. Was voted the worst beetles cover of all time. And now the Fab former Captain Kirk has a whole CD of Fabport covers. It's Shatmer, Wharf's Feb. Sadie, you can drive mine. God, at Wolf's feet, this is all. You know I'm going to be a star. I hear they might bring back CJ Hooker. And maybe I'll love you. Pick up a copy of Shatmer Wharf's Feb. And set your CD player on stun with this cover of Don't Let Me Down. Don't Let Me Down. Like, fliesline.com. If you don't stop advertising, I'll get you friesline. You'll need to call rescue 911. One, one, one. You can explore the galaxy. And never find a collection of beetle songs. Perform this poorly as only William Shatmer can. It's Shatmer Wharf's Feb. When I find myself in times of financial trouble, I just appear at Star Trek conventions and I take 10 grand plus for Shatmer. You can't put them on to people-based geeks. But then again, they are mine. Sixth of beetles cover album that boldly goes where no beetles cover album has gone before. Unless you count those crappy versions Leonard Nemoy did. It's Shatmer Wharf's Feb. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Oh, let it be. Let it be. I've been to Feb's Mitsle. The Brockwooders and Star Worldcraft. I love the Polish myth called Al-Rolls. I'm a barrel out there. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're an bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. You're a bloody leader. But you're a bloody leader. Speaking of him, what am I saying? What am I saying? What am I saying? It puts the lowson in the basket. It makes it all okay. Pursal lowson in the basket it puts them both together. It puts the lowson in the basket. When the eyeball falls out it works the lowson in the basket and it has to hold it out. It puts the lowson in the basket. It's my die up till Gary puts the lowson in the basket. Rub it on my drum. Yeah, it works the noise in the bass. I don't drive to any maschons, you can't watch the noise in the bass kit. I just docked there. I switched my TV and my legs, I said, don't. I like to dance around this way, isn't it? Oh, me. I was a lot of square-headed bass. Oh, me. I want to look more like a wolf. My name is Paparoo Bill. I watch the noise in the bass kit. It makes it more masch kit. It works the noise in the bass. I overby TV it. It works the noise in the bass kit. Oh, much does it go. It works the noise in the bass. I got my skin shooting people like this. I'm a wolf. I'm a wolf. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, unscouting CEOs, you are killing me. But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square. I'm pointing out the second tree. Hey, man. Raymond. Raymond. Turn off the watch, you plan, Raymond. Get the bluebird on it here. Okay, boss. I thought, sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan. 40 second tree is incredible. I don't want publicly. I support it, but you took all the part away. You're telling me. I'm going through a gamble, scom like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. I'm going to need but much. Don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with Lee Rowan's state. 128 million dollars. No, you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming on your run and... Hang on a minute. To beat you, Doug. Raymond, you got bluebird crap all over your shoulder. It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake. And can't open the box, you're cleaning up. Look, people. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. I couldn't you come up with American Idol. Good God. You're still running James Bob movie. There's six, they're here. Oh, why don't you just put steam, but willing. I ought to be done with it. Lee, sir, we'd make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in fishing now. We have the new M.N.I. Chumman movie coming out later this summer. I don't know. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign, Neil Stein. You're going to start swinging some of these titles past me. Please. Raymond. Raymond. Henry, I know you can hear me. Raymond. You're still running the parking water. Yeah, don't let Bob come run the thing. Yeah, you don't hear Raymond. Take that bluebird's in the. All right. I sir. Yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done with him. What? Sir. I'll put him in a storm in your job. But sir. Here's a terrible. I'm sorry. They're not one limits in there. I'd like to be president of Disney Remus. Oh, man. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're nothing. Welcome back to the Glittering Badginsri of the Mojau in the name of the show. We have a full duck at today. Yeah. Include the Gavol Gave of our stick to it at the league of yours. You don't have tights, Boca still at it. Why? Why'd we sing in those songs? They can finally. They make fun of me all the time. I don't know. Why did they don't adore me? Yeah, they're everything. They'll be all right, bro. Get your hands off me, a fairy. You queer? Yeah, too. Jumper. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, master. They want singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. Oh, man. Okay, ma'am. Now, hit it. Back in my name and was straight. The invasion took today. That's why I killed the dollar raid. Please, gush, lingees. Four doors were in payback day. Oh, man. You're so much a moron. What's the matter, ma'am? I went fell off again. Okay. All right, where were we? Four doors were in payback day. Well, I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men. Good thing we won't see you all in the way. Leave it matter, ma'am. Yeah. Didn't mean to suit Frost State. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. Didn't mean to suit Frost State. Up front that's rotating. Dad's singing along. Oh No I don't know. There's such a goal behind it. But white music sounds as we slurred. That's arny song. You'reom and Eliza and you can always sing as you can WTF- B, you. Oh, Princess I is gone. Princess I is gone. She's really going into a tunnel. Hello, Walt. From what is passed known as 560 WQAMs, our virtual. What is your own deal? I'm over here, man. I'm hanging out with George and Kodot. I'm hanging out with the Jazz Festival. They got great grub, great blues, great women. It's just on the streets. They can't miss it with Jazz. That's an answer to this question. You like, do, uh, raise a blade every morning before you get out of bed. Somebody said it's like castor oil and they expected to find Scotch. You're a sports, uh, part of the cigar, stromble, these insects and... Yeah, James Beck. How do I speak in the sex? I hear you got the hotst for George's, but I'm hearing. No, I'm not big on George's ass, but I'll tell you. If I were to think of a great place to party with you, it would be Toronto. I always got a thrill out of calling hockey night in Canada. I called it, believe it or not, of one of 11 out of 61 losses. 11 wins 82 games, the thrashers won their one night, four to one on a Saturday night in front of five million people. And they had it followed me all day when a camera, whatever, it is CTB or whatever it is up there. It does the hockey thing. See, whatever, all of us. Get it right, man. All I know is they did hockey night in Canada, they followed me all day with a camera. And so the last thing they shot of me was in the press box that Hall of Fame press box up in the, you know, famed Toronto with a hockey hall of fame isn't a hockey hall. I'm a foster and he went Memorial press box. And I put in the foster, he went Memorial press box. I said, if I wanted a die, I'd want a die in this place. And then I put a big L-up on my forehead for Canada. And I said, can I loseers? Your dollars were 50 cents. You scumbags. He died and then my general manager was in the back of the elevator. Some guys said, hey, for all of them, it's the biggest Stanley Cup. I said, we win once a month. It was more than a Stanley Cup. I'm going to go out and get naked. I looked around there's Don Woodell. And believe me, he wasn't smiling. And none of the problems in the NHL. I'm surprised. I'm surprised. He hates you. One guy I was at the Panthers. He knows you're after his job. It's going to be very careful about the old man. Some guy I was in the press box one day. And this lighter from, I think he's with the arrow. I heard him. I was going to get popcorn. I've been the Panthers press box over there. I heard a guy go. That's the devil. When I walked past, so I think I'm Satan now in the NHL. Yeah, you sound like him. Hey, listen. Welcome to QM. And let me ask you one question before I do the break. What's his boss we got to get on? I love your studio dude. Huh? You're still in our studio. Well, don't be a dude. No, don't mung in our studio man. So when do you start 6 to 10? I haven't the foggy stuff. Yeah. You noticed that nervous. I'm not doing my kitchen in the T-C-I. Yeah. I got a little. I got a recorder a lot. The rumor I'm hearing is we can only have one guy who lives in Boca on a stamp. That might just be a rumor. But that's why I'm hearing. It's so fettid cheese there. It's so gody gush. I hate everybody. I can't. I'm not even a block. I'm not even a block of federal. And I swear to God, I'm road rage central. I'm swearing. I'm swearing. I'm just wondering if people, yes, they're a truck overturn on the 95. Like 80 people were dead. I just went for the phone and it to look. Don't slip on that red musk red out in the hallway in a way out. Anyway, I love you. You're just unbelievable. I used to go on in Atlanta for weeks at a time talking about how far I'm discussing you are and that you were my hero. I can't believe I'm leading into you. We're going to make lots of freaking chat. See you tomorrow sweetheart. I love you. I. So is the show over yet or what? Yeah, let's go. Boy, oh boy, you wind his ass up. And he just, uh, he's unbelievable. He is just astonishing. And you know what's that little nervous laugh when I said when he started six. I think there was the telltale. I got him. Yeah. Yeah. 15 at 560 WQA. If you're bald, don't call fast train because that's not their thing. If you have sexual performance problems, if you can't get it up, don't call fast drink because that's not their thing either. But if you're in a dead end job, working for a real schmuck, call fast train because that is their thing. Fast train can have you fully trained already for a new high-pink computer career and just four short months. column toll free today. 1 8 6 6 fast train. That's 1 8 6 fast train. I got locations in Miami, Kendall, Fort Lauderdale and prestigious Pembroke Pines. So column today, get yourself out of a dead end job and get a real career and start making some big cash. Call 1 8 6 6 fast train. Don't forget they offer you job placement assistance. Financial aid can be you dating weekend classes. So you don't have any excuses. No, no. To be standing at a crappy dead end job. Your new career is just a phone column four short months away. Jump on that fast train today. column toll free. 1 8 6 6 fast train. Or check them out of the web at fast train.com. My life and love all this is for three of my sixies. You way too way. Hola. Hello. Hola. Hello. Tell me what you're interested in. Oh, who's this to make? No, this is a wife. Tell me. I like to speak with Tommy Victoria. Hello. Tell me what you're interested in. What do you call me? Girl. No, no, no. Taliya. Taliya. Let me talk to the devil. Please, honey. Tommy. Tommy. Hey. Tommy. What is it? You got the phone. Oh. Oh. Hello. Tommy with Toliya. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job. You lost your job. Oh, oh. Hey, I didn't lose my job. I stepped down. Or sure. You want to paint the picture. Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it. But you will lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. What you're talking about. Yeah. Can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was cute for maybe five minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on her every day, I'm going to go crazy. You're getting your justice. Search Tommy, Matoria, that devil. Oh, we do is eat Mexican food. Chimmi, chongas, burritos, toastinos. I got more gas than ex-on. And you deserve to have the bloat. Listen, Michael. I'll reserve for somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you will. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Oh, we going to heavy. Yes, honey. We're going to heavy. Thank you very much. Alright. Oh, cheese. If it's not chevys, it's chee cheese. If it's not chee cheese, it's not chee cheese. It's a... what's that driving place? I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be way too. And all I'm getting is dribbler and chimmi chenga. Mmm. Mmm. And minute, I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know. Because I'm very, very, very devilish. Mmm. I want to live in a mess. I want to live in a mess. Yeah, living in America. Alright. Hey, look, Mikey. I gotta go. Okay. I gotta take over the Taco Bell. Daddy. Okay. Cherry. You want to come with us? No. I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. Oh, you're looking good. Alright. Alright. I gotta go there, Mikey. Let me tell you something. If I were to plot right now, half the neighborhood would go up. Mmm. Ah. Goodbye. Mmm. Mmm. Let's go and we'll deal with me. Feels the cause of my neckus, the china. She lets out a gigo. When he makes a wiggle, Monika is not the kind you can do in the behind. Recto. What a cigar and her vagina, she's all mine. Where he don't know where a stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or ends you made hor. And then I can saw the term cedar box. Means saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. That place and he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. It took him back on Nudo. Wouldn't explode in. Loading for a mine of her was blowing rings a smoke. Feels the cause and Monika's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes a wiggle, Monika is not the kind you can do in the behind. No. But a cigar and her vagina, she's all mine. All right. All people feel that hilly-reasement. Made a fool of by a husband. Feel that hilly-reas-wronged. Up in the linking bedroom, She was mowing, More and more, And how far was doing her with bills old bond. Feels the cause and Monika's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every friggin' time he makes a wiggle. Monika is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina, she's all mine. All can do your safety. Yeah, just master is faster. Oh yeah, what you got up to is take a tip of real. I'm a cigar and her vagina, Trapped on the whole, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, I'm a cigar and her vagina, yeah. Hey, baby, bro, don't lie. All the hard burn. Don't go, don't go, don't go, every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. That pre-tard is the amort. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Now, G.V. He's president of the... Repolicate muscle in and in our kingdom and in it, I don't know why. They won't want to die but not even here. First comes the day before you. Oh, the president, do shit! That's this. All all of what I do to be my close, my whole My own. And get to reality, we all don't owe it all. Fantastic, this thing you're in!! Don't go, don't go, it's still to begin... I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna go home and Iia wa w i ga t a ta foo shi g its it waUk hait that maa east This is S205 entwickelt Does dr glad to tell you this last break was one of the all time by I was eventually on the air the treasure island spotters ud y, y is and it was it in audition You couldn't hear it. Oh, sorry. Well, that's great news. And Berlin. Yeah, I'm your neighbor, man. Yeah, I'm your neighbor, man. They seem so sweet to me with their firm little cans. Right, don't be a boy. I need to be with me because I'm an emblem. Yeah, I'm an emblem, man. Yeah, I'm an emblem, man. Hey, little kid, I'll give you candy and a ride. You can sit on my lap and I will. Let you drive, let you drive, let you drive. Yeah, you, shake your mouth in. When you wear your little pants, don't tell all this little secret. Because I'm your neighbor, man. Yeah, I'm an emblem, man. Yeah, I'm an emblem, man. And when I shower, I'll invite you inside. And when I touch your little parts, I get high, I get high, I get high. Oh, yeah, I got that something. I'm a kid in my glass. Yeah, you, I'm an emblem. Yeah, I'm your neighbor, man. Yeah, I'm your neighbor, man. Yeah, I'm your neighbor, man. MTV presents, nine inch nails unplugged. I want a, you like an animal! Damn it, this thing's not on! I'll come this isn't working. Let you trip, you knocked over my bonge. Nine inch nails unplugged. Only on MTV. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded. To dominate people kill with the cast that we sold him. First time a crusher nation has the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about the Korean. The notes they're told you that the right way is really good over and over and too hard. And a rock has stopped. Fentless of past destruction. Three thousand people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit him instead. Eight, there's oil to be caught in. Going after sit down to play Keto's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in law. But no it's easy to concern, though. A fee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel. It's been a station that controls us by fear through leady. A man in pillation and a right wing is really good over and over and too hard. And a rock to solve. The weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ass property. I have nothing to hide. People talkers all are saying that I don't be the if cattle don't have any reservation. Out of provokes, madellets, we're the nihilicious. Older shoes must fall and have a burden and snow with no objection at all. And the crap don't have the balls and the right wing is really good over and too hard. I'll parade what it. I racked up and made some mess of destruction. Only I racked up and made some mess of destruction. All I've got to die. You just lost to the Matrix tonight. You picked up with the case so far. You're not any she's alive. All I've got to die. All the words you just lost to me. She's the world that will never judge your thing. She's not even she's alive. All the way. Try not to romance up but she just said no. All my life. She said she'd rather strap on her to do so. Oh, what a die. She's my dream, your mother just can't beat her. She's a fount of that she's lager. She's no lager's die. All I've got to die. All I've got to die. She's the world that will never judge your thing. All I've got to die. All I've got to die. And now it's time for leave it to Azzee. Starring Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver. Hugh Beaumont as Ward Cleaver and the irrepressible Azzee Osbourne as the Oz. Oh, good morning, Azzee. Oh, f*** you, mom. Oh, dear. I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van. Oh, good, buddy. I found my head hurt. What a f***ing shatterin'. Starring. Who's sharing? Is that one of your friends from school, dear? Good morning, Azzee. I f*** you to get out of my fight. Now, Azzee, let's no wait. I talked to your father. Say, son, what have you got planned for today? We're very worried about playing for today. Oh, no. Since when's the Prince of Dog is after hand out a f***ing out chitter? I'm going to go fight the head of a boss at any hospital. I was at... You have fun now, okay, Azzee? Yeah, sure, one of them f***ing shatterin'. Who you hope you enjoyed this episode of We The Two Azzee? Two next week when you hear Azzee say f***ing out of your f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing. Twenty-two-low-one is five-six-two-one. I'm still recovering from that previous break when you put for a while. Yeah. Because I've been playing off the tape here and it was like one of those is it real or is it memory? Fine, I know. That was the idea. I see. Well, it was as sure had me full. But I got him back with at the sixth attempt thing. It was good. I think he gave us the answer. Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Hey, homeowners, is there anything worse than venturing out to your backyard? Especially on all those days when it's 100 in the shade to hop into that beautiful pool and you find that it's stained and sturdy. Maybe it's even cracking in the pool too. Or your pool doesn't have to be a mess. No, Moe, call our friends at Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic Marseille specializes in refishing pools. Bring it on back to life, brighter and more colorful than ever before. And now at Atlantic Marseille's introducing something new and great called Atlantic Blue Bright. For over 12 years, Atlantic Marseille's beautified pools with the ever-popular Diamond Bright. And the makers of Diamond Bright have developed Atlantic Blue Bright exclusively for Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic Blue Bright promises to leave your pool with a richer, more colorful appearance I'm meant by anything on a market. In fact, your friends and neighbors will be convinced that you got yourself a brand new pool. That's how good it's going to look. Licensed and insure it are real construction company. And they use full time employees, not subcontractors, it just came up with an animal. Atlantic Marseille's family owned an operated business that thousands of people have known to come in trust and love. And a served date, Broward and Palm Beach counties. Atlantic Marseille also performs expert deck renovations, custom lighting pool heating and exotic and erotic water features too. So enjoy all of this summer in your own backyard. Call Atlantic Marseille tool free today and be sure to tell Moe Neal Pudding to call 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883 Atlantic Marseille truly is a pool's best friend. Atlantic Blue Bright promises to leave your town. C-W-M. The W-U-A-U is proud to announce how our David is dead. Hey, they killed Howard. Forget about it. Curse quickly after days of intensive shock therapy. Management emerged with a brand new lineup for the vacationing Howard David. Starting tomorrow, wake up with the Joe Markins' U-Jow. Baby Hothaway was intended to be with periodic sports updates by Yelby. That's the Joe Markins' U-Jow. Now, on 5-6-E-W-U-U-A-M. First, it was the classic animated Disney Adventure. Poka Hunts. Now, Hot On It Teals comes alive. Action sequel. Richard Simmons is... Poka, I need. Oh, I can't put up that. The first author to live life, file summer camp for the old man. I'm your head counselor. Poka, I need you. Are there any questions? Yes! You need to Poka, I need you. You have a little Indian in you. No. But the night's still you. Oh, wow. That's very. What's getting her sleep now? Tomorrow will be up at the crack of dawn. Oh, bye the way. Have you met my brother, Don? No. He has up in it her goods yet. Richard Simmons is Poka Hunty. And a camp on a fella. The campfire isn't the only thing that's flaming. Oh, okay, guys. One more weenie and I'm gonna game. A campfire. Where is weenie and flowers gone? A campfire in I know a care. We can't go. Oh, right. Now I'll show you how to make some art. First, you pack the badge. Go. And the marshmallows. And now, Graham, come here, Graham. Oh, God. You'll hear fascinating campfire stories. Well, of course. My great uncle, a bit when old big horn, he lived very close to General George Armstrong Custer. They were actually dating, Troy. Oh, my uncle. My uncle, you've been together. The general was quite around. I guess you could say my uncle was there for Custer's second to last. On the big screen this summer, it's Poka Heine. Co-starring Jim J. Bullock as little big swallow. Wow, I sure do enjoy the great back to, I mean the outdoors. Oh, the campfire is full. Poka Heine, can I ride in your Jeep? Sure. Have you ever ridden in a Cherokee? No, but I want French kiss and ear corn. Oh, God. I also was carrying Dom that we used as sitting bull. Charles doesn't ride me as sitting bull. And Chuck Berry is squatting bull. Jesus, darling, Snoop Doggy Dog as the run-of-o-fo. And he brings a special canyau appearance. You won't want to miss. Hey, isn't that fainter-tirty rabbit ship here, though? Yes, I am a counselor here. But you're not an Indian? Yes, I am. What tribe? What else? So. I'm a little bit more old than make it an Indian son. With Oka Heine, from Tuch's new pictures, he'd be... There's sounds provided to sound track for all whole generation. And now, they're finding a whole new audience with a CD that doesn't sound a whole lot like anything they've ever done before. It's the best of Crosby, stills, and cash. So, do you know we're riding on the American Express? Experience. Ishavu all over again. When Crosby stills and cash, unveils a whole different take on this classic tune. Oh, houses are very, very fun house. With two, cats in the yard. It's a CD jam packed with all the songs you want to teach your children. My, my, my, I am yours. You are mine. Hello, I'm Johnny Cash, because we stills and cash. You know, we use this thing like a couple of boys named Sue. But now, the cash registers ring in because we're singing a whole new register. You are what you are. That you may get hard. The best of Crosby, stills and cash. Walk the line straight to your local record store and pick up a copy today. Put on my final words and I heard you fall straight. Just to doubt the best of Crosby and I'm starting with Billy Heat. What? Suddenly I see people checking out my fun scene. Yeah, I got a first class riser. It don't pitch to 10mg. Now I'm spotted a word here. I'm finding it impossible to see her. I'm spotted a word here. Right. I feel like an absolute out of real. So the girls who don't listen. He was far more to follow you and look to the page of Rachel. Just to see what you would do. It's close to the face of your being. As they head in farther. There's a prisoner of ghosts. She's waiting for his post. Down in the jungle room. Responding what is a man best. That's right. That it's really impossible to consider a spotting bullet is a bad best. I feel like a basso without a wheel. Spontwood is a man best. It's almost impossible to consider. Spontwood is a man best. I feel like a basso without. Welcome to 2-5-60WQM. How's that pole coming? 643 volts, lot too bad. Woof! What's your take on the new QM lineup that starts tomorrow morning at 5 on the Mo Howard David and the Gully Show. 643 volts, 223 don't care only listen to me. Show that's 34.6% pretty heavy duty. Love it, big improvement. 1232.9% and the goddamn thing just changed again. It's okay, 65. Who's Mo Howard David at 65? Who's got for Ralph 47? Like the better the way it was, 22 and a hated 10. So that's like 4.9% the last 2-negative categories. Not too bad. Pretty award-winning if you ask me. Don't forget, spread the word to our awarding run 10-2 again for a list of our lives. Here's a place if you're fat that you're going to love shopping in the lights of West Boca because it's your super store for the Atkins died and all the other low-carb sugar-free diets. The whole store is about you and the stuff you're looking for. And right now they're introducing their new almond stat cakes by control carb and they come in blueberry banana or classic almond. He's serving only one effect of gramma carbs or sample of the lights new chocolate raspberry muffle with only one gramma carbs. And if you like something to crunch on, try one of their three new flavors of low-carb rackage chips. So whether it's the carbolite ice cream, breads, rolls, cheesecake, chocolates, pasta and sauces, or any of those 600 low-carb foods you're waiting at the lights, they're all waiting for you. What I just say, they're like the West Boca's to place. And you can always try it before you buy it too. They have a knowledgeable stat that knows dieting inside and out. And they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. And if the lights you'll find the most complete line of that can brands products in the world that are always, here's even better news, 25% off all day every day of your life. Don't forget the Atkins die is rated about as good as it gets ahead for the number one low-carb sugar-free store in the universe. The lights at West Boca, you'll find them on the northeast quarter of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market, or column toll free at 1-877 low-carb. If you like check them out on the web at low-carb.com. Don't forget there's only one to let the West Boca's your official Atkins retail center. We're sports radio five six months, UAM. And I don't think this is how the Sting of all low-carb boys are known in all. I pop up those three of the seat, and I pop up. All my friends think I'm nuts, and let the redneck bar free. All I saw things as sweet, I was think I'm low-carb. I saw him in my shaving green, so I left him all my feet. But when I went to work, I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the streets. Driving home, I was all alone thinking someone's way in tricks on me. But in the rear view mirror, I could see Jesus staring back at me. I was just scared of all the shalking, just on the stick of all the ball. I saw him all, my path up those three of the seat, and I pop up. All my friends think I'm nuts, and let the redneck bar free. All I saw things as sweet, I was think I'm low-carb. All I saw things as sweet, I was think I'm low-carb. I saw him all, the side of the top, the way the look, the half of my car. I saw him in a bowl of spaghetti in the shadows, but her scar. Yes, I saw him in the soup, all the stink of all the love. Everyone is a star of the pieces, oh, I was sticked of all the love. I saw him all, my path up those three of the seat, and I pop up. All my friends think I'm nuts, and let the redneck bar free. All I saw things as sweet, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was like, oh, I was the hero, got it. I feel like we should play the fanfare or something. Yeah, the same field. That's enough. And this was our last nine of One Show. Thank God, don't forget to moral back to 10 to two as we get our life basket, bye, bye  that loser, too.