Hey Neil, I excited about the corporate meetings tomorrow. What corporate meetings are those? The ones who are making all of us Dildos go to accept you. What are you talking about? Oh, we've been forced to go to a meeting to listen to some PR guy, give us advice about policy. Policy of who? I guess I don't know the corporate policy. I'll see you next. Read the memo. There's a memo. Yeah, let's hear the memo. I want to hear about it. Nobody sent me a copy. On the ring. Park is who makes the innocent screw-and-backer in the sales department. On Wednesday August 20th, that top and Russell from the corporate office will be here from mandatory meetings for all employees. This meeting is to bring us all to date on corporate policies. We will have two meetings scheduled to try to accommodate everyone. You need to only attend one of the meetings, either in the AM or PM. It's important that everyone attend the meeting. If you don't come, you will be fired. No, this is the same thing. But that's what it says when I read Greg Read. You don't go to the corporate meetings getting advice from PR guys. They did that once to me in San Francisco. I had to go listen to some guy from the 49ers. Tell me how I should talk about the football franchise when I was on the air. The entire meeting I picked my guy. Somebody said, I'm so good. Is this the same asshole that the consultant that they had when it was, what was the thing, Dom schools out there in San Diego? No, I'm going to leave him. I'm going to leave him. I'm going to leave how he's all morning. And I swear to you in the middle of that meeting. If it's the last thing I do, you are a real biggest part. Yeah. And I'm going to say, I'm sorry Mr. Trump. I have to stand up and rip it. I'm sorry Mr. Trump. I may have swamp ass right now. I please be excuse to go. Yeah. Go ass in the bathroom. What's most excuse going to be? Because he's got crotch rot. I know he's going to end to get his moat fix. Were you okay yesterday? I have the greatest luck. Yesterday I came in a return pass nine. I never listened to the station up here. But I just sat out open up the pot. Yeah. And there you were. The greatest had to job on the moment. I gave you a sitting ovation man. I was grabbing my groin. I was so excited. Why would you? You were going on for five minutes about how he sucks a J. Featlers and so how they played to the like a fiddle. There was no credibility. And I come on. I'm a guy here. When ever they interviewed athletes. They give them the biggest smoke or this. They're like, this long party standing on the side. I don't want to be you guys. I don't want to be you guys. I don't want to be you any athletes. They're all idiots and controllers. And the distance which when you're going to do play by play one of the first rules is don't get close to the athletes. Don't get too chana because any of them are no credibility. That's right. Except when I did the NHL. I went out drinking and doing playboy playmates with them. Yeah. But I didn't care about any of them. They all have second grade education. I took Ray Whitney as wife out the dinner roof crisp. He's very quick. He is quick. That's what she said. That guy can skate like a mud. He got to he went somewhere new this year. Where did he go? No, he did not. Yeah, he signed with Detroit. He sounded like a four year 30 contract with the red one. Ray Whitney. Ray Whitney. Here's the copy. Here's the copy. Look at this. This must be a big meeting because there's four squiggles under Greg on the signature. As opposed to the usual three. There's four squiggles on here. Yeah. And now this week. Dops on the on the road. Every week. Some are in the rag. Every week. Someone's gone. Insuranceأنles just last week. THEY STREET. lungsa room A greatalah day. Content.coloredation. left here aligned from the beast about uh... the big deal let's say stop blowing the mime hurricanes on my radio show you won't be on a very minute this goes to he switched from parents to the canes you want to shame i can't be there for the corporate meetings you yeah go stop the to the honey isn't Can't keep it in his hand That day in Kino-Kao-Raro He won the battle of Raro But no change is Raro No more more, she can't cheat No more more, she can't cheat Unless it's her to learn cheating Now, go be close He's got a good lawyer To beat the silly lawyer His wife won't say a thing Without being all wrong You're in your need Okay, it's a 10-0-5 You know why I did there at the beginning I hit F-8 instead of F-10 This little technical thing there on the inside You wanted to win because I've been doubling all that stuff Well, if that Exactly, F-1-1 Well, 2-bet I can't come in a town early as in tomorrow Because I'm not going to be there to put the evade of the program You've made a proper meeting? Yeah To bring us all up to it in a corporate policy See, right off the bed I get suspicious because this guy's name is Pat Traupman Russell Any good anybody that's got three names I'm over versus suspicious, I mean Again, it is, so I guess you're going to be going to the 2-P meeting I reckon And then after the meeting you can like, Facts me a whole bunch of propaganda and stuff about Wow, we all just got fired or they stole the station Something like that They stole the station, you know, they're going to pay you off There's last three years Oh, oh yeah Oh, man, I got my legs together and my palms together So we have a little bit of breaking news from a bag there again We've just had an experience in this country with a blackout If you want to convince the Iraqi people that the American and coalition program Is it working? Take out the electricity, take out the water, go after symbols of government And make it impossible to get to the markets Well, let me go back to the segment And they just had another bar car bomb blast If you went headquarters in Baghdad At least three dead dozens injured And this is going to be used to it, you know? Yeah And what he just said, I'm glad I potted that up Just at the pro-picious moment because what he just said is true We suffered here, I say, suffered, everything is relevant We went for 14 hours, 13, 14 hours in Toronto Last Thursday and Friday overnight without electricity And I'm going to tell you something, an A-fun A-fun No supermarkets, no restaurants, no air conditioning No nothing Luckily in this building, at least they had Generator power, so they had the one elevator working Can you imagine living like on the 82nd floor And down those buildings, and they were Holy crap, and she's stepping down the stairs Forget about she's stepping back up, see? If you live like on a high floor like that You make up your mind that once you go down You're not going to go back up You see what I'm saying? You better have someplace to camp out And hopefully it doesn't last too god damn long Because you're sure it's not going to slip up because It's like 80 floors, that's 160 flights It's like mountain climbing Am I right? In most buildings, it's like double whatever the number of floors There's two landing, so it's like 160 flights Who the house and shape to do that? I don't know And like in mind building, I noticed that there's mostly young people in this building Thank god But most of the older people are like a way up on a top floors What the hell is that? How they like the view? Is that what they like? There are pigeons too That's really something Andy, you notice Nobody sent me a copy of this memo Clarence wants again, course he's in a meeting I can't read them too much, he's in with screw-in right now Yeah, I'm watching my copy, I try to figure it all out Make you imagine what's inside of her Oh my god, beside braw, I have you She must have stuff crawling around inside her body From before Jesus was a baby Oh but what's speaking to Jesus? How about that Mel Gibson? Oh holy crap He's got the Jews pissed off, the Catholics pissed up What an asshole, almost told you about him right? Yeah, you're always sucking up the Mel Gibson But I'm delighted they're all pissed off Yeah, hate Mel Gibson, he's your only dire wicked death Anyway, on listen, speak out of the blackout Which I'm going to talk about at length Al Qaeda and how come this isn't in the mainstream media yet? I have two different articles on here And both from Arab publications This from the worldtruby and dot com And the other one is from some schmata head Whatever, here it is from memory This is from Linsa website Linsa website, Linsa website, Linsa you ripped an ass last week I understand? Oh that much You did that? How you didn't? You ripped her a major ass Based on what? Just because you want you job in a summertime? Not I'm supposed to get over it You're not getting it, Lins Anyway Al Qaeda claims responsibility for last week's blackout Al Qaeda's Abu Hafts brigade And you'll notice before we disturb You noticed last week within like 30 seconds Just a matter of second But 30 minutes There's Al president, they open up a big mouth Oh well we know for a fact this isn't terrorism We don't know what it is But how do they know that when they still aren't really sure We know it was clean by the mistake by the lake And we know that it was his post personal buddies again First energy, first energy corporation Which is like the enron of the east coast now Same thing, they're good buddies with the president And his vice commander in thief The energies are Dick Cheney It's more the same thing More incompetence, more cutbacks More of employee layoffs, more try to do everything on a cheap They had a nuclear pipe that damn near went up They had Borek acid eating through the roof of their nuclear plan And then you had another meltdown But at any rate, I worry about these things Al Qaeda's Abu Hafts brigade's is claimed responsibility for the blackout last week And the Roth Eastern Midwest A communicate by the Abu Hafts brigade's made reference to Operation Quick Lightning And the land of the tower of this generation It was published as the third communicate by the brigades And the first accepted responsibility for the downing of an airplane in Kenya Can you believe it? Yeah, the second accepted responsibility for the Jakarta bombing of the Murriad hotel August 5, 2003 And the new communications that incongplines with the orders of Osama Yamama Disractive Emerk and Economy The brigades struck two important electricity supply targets on the east coast According to the Middle East Media Research Institute The brigades said it can't reveal how they did Because they'll probably have to use the same method again soon It says the communicate also claimed that the Operation was meant as a present for the Iraqi people Some of the Iraqi people or their buddies They're allies now who are busy blowing up the UN And the water supply And then of course the oil pipeline to Turkey Of course all of these things But then just a matter of days Get used to it because this kind of crap is going to be going on Air-re-single day Nice squad, W. Nice squad, maybe And of course it was all well worth a while Wasn't what it wouldn't be accomplished by all this What is it that we have worked with us say for now? Oh yeah There's no more terrorism Right It's free to fly now Right we got Osama right We got Osama you can go to any more country and be received And the Ovala O'Mar we got both of them right And the price of gas is next to nothing Yeah And now the price is way to this winter boy You see the price of any fuel Yeah Oh, we do have the Iraqi Vice President and custody A former Iraqi Vice President On the coalition's most mind-relist is you My custody Kurdish and US officials told CNN today To hire CNN Ramadan Number 20 on the coalition's most wanted list And the 10 diamonds in the playing card deck of suspects Is that you know what that's like that's on the same level with Arnold The plane card deck of suspects Here's a deck of cards and he's the ace of the 10 diamonds And here's the ace of spades All this other crap they should have used go fish cards And then I would like the deck of my god Okay, looking to results yesterday is pulled by George which could have been the worst pull you've ever taken All right, I mean is it no the concept was good But the question was poorly phrased That's horrible we struggled all the way You struggle yeah, we're gonna struggle again today But that's okay because I don't really care And this is the last week of the summer schedule guide then Next week is back to the meal five days a week What kind of crap is that In fact when you're at that meeting tomorrow to a clock Yeah, with the Patrick trauma and we can prove the third whatever the hell his name is Stand right up in the middle of the meeting and say hey Neil is gonna We negotiate this deal this summer deals sucks. It's too short now It sucks. It was longer before it was a hell of a lot longer before and now it's like a need of flashlight and batteries to find it 1013 at 560 WQM need to set your home fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition location for any reason You need to set your house fast as your house need a new roof floor and ready other repairs Don't throw money away on costly repairs stop and call rob today at 1 866-785 fast FAST for a no obligation hassle free offer at fast cash home buyers They can absorb your housing problems. You have a vacant house if you're tired of dealing with a problem tenant If you're going through a nasty smelly divorce call fast cash home buyers Maybe you're one two three payments behind or inherited a property that you just don't want fast cash home buyers can help you call rod today at 1 866 785 fast and a fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house today. You won't have to pay any real estate permissions either call rod at 1 866 785 fast FAST for a hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers solve all your house problems Diddy chuck it or diddy cock it Fisher the piece I cover that whole lot theory in soil Fixing that whole thing With weapons that we break No more turmoil the kin into boiled We stand at time again and let me here we have bill Search and pull around pieces for and assault Some people claim we got your first to blame your rights It's all George Bush's fault It's a hundred and ten in the shade in Bosra and Iraq they were just to talk on MSNBC on the make believe channel Yeah, they have no water they have no electricity they have no food but other net they're doing great. Let's hear it Who cares about that? 110 degrees and they have no car. I mean air conditioning and the visit for get about are they animals anyway I mean what what they're we talking about here we had one day here in the northeast and Midwest with no electricity and it was a bitch And people are like crap in their pants, which is if you guys guess not if it's a place to do it because you came to the laundry You can't do anything that's that's one day and these people have gone on let's say march in April and May and June and July This is like the six month now for some of these people right with no electricity and no running water and the most talk about smelling like a bad day at the zoo Can you imagine those then shit a winner oh my god Must be like the aroma of those dolphin exhibition losses, you know it is mad dog would say the stench of common or Just unbelievable so anyway, we'll or I'm gonna talk about a large-screen last week Here's George's pool. Oh, is that the every tire guy? It's got to be here's highly a hello No, it's just the other answer. I know Whatever, what was he saying anyway to see have any idea? Oh, no, do we care no George's pool yesterday very poorly worded which sequel destroyed the movies movie or one's before it I see worded. I mean Yeah, so bad you can't even read it. We went through a lot different wordings of it Well, they all talked yeah that it candy shack 239 See the question should have been which sequel to movie never should have been made in the first place Okay, I thought we not destroyed the movie before it sequels don't destroy it the movie before I like I mean godfather three a second Under did godfather three destroy one or two even if you hated it Of course now what's to destroy? The original movie stands a black talk excesses two and three which never should have been made see that's that's the warning for the question Which sequel's never should have been made? I But you're getting there. I love candy shack 239 godfather three ninety two Star Wars one and two seventy eight jaws two forty one High under two and then know whatever file. I don't know what that is you they they made a whole bunch of them They all well screw on worse the 39 for that and through a 39 for alien three Hannibal 37 Hannibal destroyed the silence of the lands. Yeah, just destroyed it. No, it did not they made a clown on Hannibal Jaws three why was he wearing Robin Williams knows Just 3D every moment with how that is 32 3D they made the jaws three was a 3D movie. Oh no Are you serial? He kind of even heard of oh Get your glasses at the lobby Beverly Hills cop three 28 Slamp shot two 26 x is two 26 horrendous and x is three and which one was it with one that Richard Burton was in those that two or three I forgot oh my god. I was together. That was so bad that Linda Blair kept kicking him in a groin is what I'm hearing Batman three she said it was much there Batman three 24 is skate from LA 21 Airplane two nineteen ghost busses two eighteen dumb and dumber 17 Jurassic Park three why my Read no of these there's too many of I don't and it's a horrible horrible pull question But 855 oh Bad for what a judges pull pretty damn good if he asked me especially for such a crappy poorly worded question Well, there's the retired guy on six in Miami, hello Yep, yes, there is this reveal call. I can't believe it. Can you play the joke? Hey, yeah, it's a real bag. He played a dirty tape Get it played a forlta. Let's go play with yourself asshole. Okay, go play the old foot in the ask game Well, I can't wait for that big meeting tomorrow to get the father. They're gonna send me like the transcript to that Can wait for that. I'll take a recorder Please charge in theft of 400 does I'm gonna pass on the hill everything today Oh, I better not though. Thank you. Thank you. God well how about instead of that? It was obvious to all of us Bill Clinton straight in his marriage So let's walk through this First nothing is off limits in our marriage Second I procured women for Bill when he was governor screw on my laughed Which he did and the saga's continued I laughed when he confessed that he had paid for frequent visits by a call girl to a hotel He stayed in when he was in Washington She was one among many Bill solicited During the White House years Jennifer powers claimed she'd had a 12 year affair with him This was completely in character for Bill My favorite was Monaco Lewinsky Bill talked to her a few times and she had asked him for some job hunting help and Drop to her knees to kiss my husband. I came to know and like her and I asked her if she wanted to live with us in the White House She said yes as long as there would be sex with my husband as always I said okay Okay, excellent nice reading their Hillary 10 23 at five 60 WCM happy Tuesday too So like I said this is the last week of this Hocus focus see I think we ought to shut the whole station down in August don't you? All right? Yeah, no, I really or we could just run the spots Because there's nobody in South Florida in August I was yesterday heard Scott going on about the Rippen Molen Ask which was great and I was gone for out That was excellent and then I put you up for like about 30 seconds and you were like psychotic about Why we have to play music and there's nobody on the phone and this poll sucks There's nobody there how many people actually stay in South Florida this time of the year I'm turning man. That's it So how can you do a guy named top show when there's nobody there? You heard what we had so far nose first two assholes and probably online six years the every tire guy here's my any hello See three for three Yeah, betting a thousand even Thai Cobb couldn't do that Please charge in theft of $400,000 a See here's the challenge to the audience before I give the poll for today Which everything needs an awful lot of addition, but we'll see that probably have some ideas Before we do that I'd like to have one real call will that be a challenge you think they can do I'm talking about before even you know Plant the seeds see if anybody there actually has anything to say Maybe we have some people remember the a black out of 65 or 77 members. Oh, no, just vaguely But you don't But I never this is the first one that ever experienced like personal a close and personal and like being stuck in it No fun man pin in the ass and also makes you guys have got them vulnerable. We all are sure I mean this was this was just like a little A little farting Cleveland man all of a sudden here's 50 million people without any power with no idea no clue when he'll it might actually come back on again Or whether it's gonna stay on Which is why I'm sitting here with the work and this thing I can you believe that? Yeah, so I'm hitting on for a few know what I do is I turn it on for a few minutes just to take the absolute The humidity in the death out of the air and then you shut it off because we're supposed to be Conservant here all week to this weekend. You're not sitting there in your shorts. Are you? I'm sitting here with my walking shorts with no shirt. Okay. No socks No pantalones Dan their naked are safer my walk insurance and my box is shorts, and that's it. It's not a pretty sight believe me It's gruesome Here's a cop from Hollywood it could be a real one but don't keep carried away. Hello Yes, sir Hollywood Hello sir how are you Neil great how are you doing? Never better this is start to rain down here. I saw me in here. I don't think my call is gonna change The way of mine here, but on the new CD That should have I want to practice there. We'll so I'm gonna go to the website there But I was wondering a would you be able to air like a table of content You know to what songs wrong there because the may cause people to buy That's a good idea. We can do that and B is the old the best of nails that may be some of the other people don't have it. No god no god She's I get a bunch of them, but can the stew guys no guys Good idea we're on a right now guarantee that Eric is a little amount of right now while you speak I'm a ceramic he Melchazot There's Chris money there. There's enough money to keep you satisfied to keep you with your hand on good ones I'm gonna buy five or six and I My Okay, have a great day pal. Thanks for the idea. It's good idea. Oh That was so that was pretty you know, okay? Was it a crank it was no Rectire can we hear that George tapes please. Oh god What a bunch of overgrown children they stuck them all in South Florida man They took all the overgrown children from the entire universe. Oh and speaking of overgrown children Friday morning My power comes back five and I'd seen in the morning, right? Okay I go and I turn on the TV to see if the world is still spinning around with L. E. What caused all of this? Which they still don't know for sure And I'm watching CNN now who's the broad I can never think of her name. She's a Brument kind of attractive all of she's very heavily made up She's on very early in the morning before Paul used to be on in the morning. Do you know what I'm talking about the Carol Sue the Carol Carol something all right not important but anyway She's going on and they're trying to you know update people and they're showing the scenes in New York and Cleveland or whatever and people would no power And or just in New York was just going to trickle back at that point in Manhattan and she's got so Supposedly an expert on the phone who's going to Who's going to tell them what what time they're expecting all of the power in New York to be fully restored Restored he says Well Carol I think we can expect to the three another two and three hour wait and she says why do you absolutely positive about that He says would you bang Howard Stern And she didn't actually he was he pretended he didn't him at the first session. What was it? Would you bang Howard Stern you know so make sure that your terrible career it loudly and clearly how are you both In disgusting and you're it you people are do this stuff our pathetic I mean it doesn't it the world could be coming to an end and one of his fluckies would call it on CNN and RMS NBC You think Howard Stern is going to rule in heaven or hell when we all croak you know It's really something How about that Arnold 1028 at 560 WQM if you're on the Atkins that many of her low-carb sugar free diet You need to know that there's a store that is dedicated entirely for use The lights are West focus the number one low-carb sugar free store in the universe with over nine hundred low-carb sugar free products The lights and produces new ones for just about every single week Try the new car blow-ins and cup of soup. What you do is hand water and microwave It's a low-carb meal in the cup in four detail issues flavors be sure and check out the Synthely delicious low-carb muffins for quick breakfast or your own individual size chief cakes Some of the other new product in the stock right now the almond snack cakes in six delicious blondies flavors Remember blondie and deadwood? Yes at last tough That's the name of the brand by the way at last tough the crisp and chocolate mint bars And you'll say at last would no multi-tall because for a lot of us multi-tall and silver-tall Pizza's on the all day long Carborey ridded drink chocolate vanilla shakes a low-car meal in the can Judy's low-carb Penant brittle with unbelievably great taste and be sure and try their famous carbo light ice cream too Come in you can try any item in a store before you bite and don't forget all-ankings brands product or on sale All day every day. There's staff knows dieting inside and out The lights is open daily every day of your life 10 to 10 you'll find among the Northeast corner blades rodent 441 right next to Boston market column tool free at 1 877 low-carbore shop among the web at low-carb.com Don't forget it's the lights of West Boca an amazing place is your official atkins retail centers So the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God I'm American Souls We salute you Mr. Dance by yourself guy You think she's dancing with you then she robs another man's crotch Most men would leave the floor with their heads hung low, but not you you feel the rhythm in your soul and The peach snaps coursing through your veins Sure people are looking at you judging you wishing you were dead, but you don't care You just do a spin move and party are Finally you make your move only to find out that her boyfriend did time and Enjoy it So we salute you Mr. Dance by yourself guy your broken jaw your ambulance driver and your parachute pants You are a real American It's 1033 at 560 WCM we got some good news for I guess who's fell in for the mad dog at two Joe Rose your close personal friend is gonna spend two hours ripping our from Boca and ass Can't wait to hear that. I also can't wait to hear what this meeting tomorrow's all about I really peeked my interest when for oh told me about them Because the last time that you and I were involved in one of these deals remember that at Iod how could we forget right With little Bob Neal from Atlanta was down and you know, they try to minimize it and guess why all the states have been sold Although trying to decipher this memo that was just about you had trouppen and Russell. Yeah, well, it says a matter of policy Which doesn't make it sound like they're gonna make an announcement about a sale or anything like that about some of the words red wouldn't lie to us We're trying to say to just to get everybody in the room. Oh, that's good point. I wonder if one of those corporate the policies is gonna be you don't screw to help You think You don't sleep with the hired hands You don't invade their glands So now of course parents. He's conveniently back there doing screw in trying to clean her out Again, I guess he's trying to clean her up a little bit for that meeting tomorrow Good luck to you. Clarence you'll need help They're gonna have to get like people to come in and assume whatever is the insider body or to think bro I But it'll bring anyway, we'll find out see I know that's right you was so tomorrow is the Wednesday I kiss you I can't get my day straight anymore Can't get so Thursday Thursday I guess we'll have a lot to talk about right? Or maybe maybe this is just one of those things where they're gonna talk about like insurance You know Stuff like that could be very innocuous what words you can or can because when it says pat trouppen Moved Russell the third from our corporate office. I mean who the hell is that? Who are you? Is that a guy's that a girl is it a lie? Is it? Yeah Maybe we're not gonna sell the place. Maybe we're just gonna stand Pat Or maybe during the meeting he'll look it up or she or whatever it is and sing Yeah, right in the middle of the goddamn meeting to entertain the staff you very much a chuckle don't you think I'll bring my fruit This is very exciting well, you know in the middle of the dog days a summer we got to do something a spice it up a little bit I'm predicting the station is sold and I'm gonna pay everybody who's got a contract off starting with yours truly Sounds good to me just be sure and all the zeros in their schmuck a Catholic priest this is in orange park what orange park in New York orange prime now Florida Yeah Florida a Catholic priest is accused of taking more than 400 grand from me His keystone heights church to give his mistress and family authorities say his mistress and fam I guess I better read that sentence again What problem do you see in that line? What's it a boy? Catholic priest? Yeah, is accused of taking more than 400 thousand dollars from his keystone heights church to give his mistress and family authorities Be saying hey, there's that's great priest you been looking for moys this be power-owned Also known as Meshie The two was charged Friday was first a great grant that after a routine audit by officials overseeing St. William Catholic church revealed the missing money state attorney Harry Schursteen said Palaron was passed over same William from 1996 till December previously. He was an as associate pastor at two parishes in Jacksonville Sacred Heart most totally redeemer Catholic church A spokeswoman for the Nazis as him Augustine with overseas pair. I haven't even started the port yet. Have I I'll get to it Which overseas pairs has across North Florida said Palaron had asked for three months off the visit family members in the Philippines and was replaced in July The dicey's then conducted the audit learned of the missing funds the dicey's ordinarily performs audits every four years and when there's a change in pastor According to this album, what I'm hearing the rumor is that we're gonna have like a change of format on Qandmarr Starting on Thursday more music more music. Yeah, five sixty don't think it's great I'm gonna spread that rumor around right now. Let's all the hits all the time Doesn't it's Right Okay Oh Yeah, only hits all the time All the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time. Man, I'm gonna tell you for real, that's such a phenomenal job. ripping him in as yesterday for I, it just went on and on. I was squeezing it till it bled. It was great. So anyway, there's the Catholic priest or the obligatory ones for today, just so George can fist off our friend Dennis. And that's the reason you do those? Absolutely. Okay, here's the pull question for today, although we do have a bunch of calls on here, and I'm kind of tempted to see if any of them are for real, I don't know. For real. Here's for a lottery, huh? Uh, that's Matthew, and he's 06. Yeah, God. Like I said. It's a challenge. Yeah, so we don't see him bigger than the pay phone challenge. It's the stock floored, and we haven't anything to say challenge for nearly 30 years. Fuck, good man. I'm gonna ask you that question, and we find anything yet? Oh, no, they're gonna have to say. Unless you spoon feed them, unless you do like you did yesterday and do the pull, which you chastised me for this last Thursday, you were any in ass. I admitted over to him. You're being asked. Oh, there he is. The old man's building a pole at back. I copped out. I admitted to the elite. I'm working on my pole. Sure. Of course you gotta find it. Okay, here's the pole today. I'm, and I see, you know who this is gonna be. It's online nine and girl city. It's gonna be that guy again. Girl city, hello. It is the birthday. It's him, huh? Anyway, yeah, I'm, I'm more than revive on guiding light. This is for my psychic abilities. It's incredible. I know you know you've been doing this too long. We're who the color is before you even punched the button up. I'll tell you respect that ain't psychic when there is regular as they are. I see. Here's today's pool. After his death, the media proclaimed Bob Hope, which which just made me gagged. They proclaimed Bob Hope the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century. Who do you think it was? And I got a choice, a list here of six, where there'll be some other suggestions. Hello, the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century. Bob Hope. Yeah, Elvis Presley. Frank Sinatra. Milton Burrell. Mr. Television. Steve Allen or Johnny Carson. All right. And in my humble opinion, any of those last five top Bob Hope I like you. I don't think there's anybody out of the age of oh, Bob, third of me. We've been as any idea who now Bob Hope was. No. Right? Right. Nobody knows who the hell that was. His movies worked funny. His movies worked funny. His radio show was a boring. His a stand-up, a routine was embarrassing. And the US stop was all like a gunhole, you know, phony, phony, baloney, American gingoism. If you were a veteran, if you know the words, if you were stationed over there, that's the only time that you would have seen him perform. Then then he finally, and of course he was Mr. Republican, he was buddies with Nixon. And he was, you know, and then came out in favor of the war in Vietnam. And I kind of like, that's when his nose started to break in a little pieces. Old skin nose. Did you have it? You didn't even know that was his nickname, Skinos. Yeah, did. Did you know that? I'm all right. I've actually knew his nickname was Skinos. He said to them, good geezer. I see. So I have what is it? I haven't to add. Oh, already? Yeah. Okay. About it. Steve Martin. 19 till 11 at 5. 60. WQ. And we must have a breakdown in the comics. Maybe we're having another black eye. And here, a word you just said. Get adding. The greatest American entertainer of the 20th century is Steve Martin. Hey, he's going to beat most of all. The only reason you said that is because I just mentioned Skinos. Rose, that movie who is don't tell me the movie begins with an R. Rose, Rose, Rose, Rose. I don't know. Yeah, I won't tell you. Rapunzel. Close. I'm going to exit it. Just got a one. It's got a one. Not saying. Yeah. How can I guess? Psychic. 19. 19 before 11 at 5. 60. WQ and the F. Kids going back to college in a couple of weeks. Well, if you do, why not give them one with comforts of home on new bed from Dalama. First, they can have a great night sleeper of night and screw their brains out on it too. Calling 1-800-MAT, received an order of a new mattress and dial-matrix for your college student and set up bright in their off-campus apartment. When you call 1-800-MAT, received an choose from dozens of models from Seely, sur'd a tempered pedic, simins your King coil at low student prices. It doesn't matter what the colors that soon is headed to if they're staying in South Florida or headed to Philly, Boston, the Yorker, Washington, the bedding experts at dial-matrix will make them feel just like they're right at home. So get that bed now by calling 1-800-MAT, you get service like you only dream about for delivery team ranked number one and says factions will be on top of it. Take your only the first quality name Bradford mattresses to a discount prices. No house brands, no irregular, no seconds, no crap, only the best in the business. When you call dial-matrix at 1-800-MAT, as always, you'll pick the day in the two-hour window for delivery. Any day seven days a week from 8 in the am till 10 p.m. and your kids will be sleeping while the first night. With low prices saying they deliver a free set up and removal it's easy to see, while dial-matrix continues to do ranked number one in the world and customer satisfaction. And everybody gets a student discount to a dial-matrix. So pick up that instrument right now and call them tool-free 1-800-MAT, that's 1-800-MAT-T-R-A-S around lineets-matrix.com for dial-matrix. The easy to smart way to get you a great night sleep for you and your pain in the afternoon. My life is a new goal. This is for 20-56. You wait a minute and wait. Yeah. Oh, everyone, Billy Mays here, the guy who brought you off the clean and orange clean. Now I've got a new product that harnesses another all-natural cleanser. Here's a new thing, Feecee's Clean. Look at that red wine stain on this carpet. Think you have to throw it out. Think again. Just a few squirts of Feecee's Clean. And look at that. Now you won't even care about the wine stain and Feecee's Clean even turns the carpet back to its original color as long as it was brown. Let's put Feecee's Clean at work on this eye at Einstein. The patented brown foaming action and the distinctive odor is how you know Feecee's Clean is working. Just wipe it away with a crumbled piece of this two-plied wiping tissue. Free with your purchase. Take it for me. I should know I'm Billy Mays. My initials are BM and Feecee's Clean works everywhere. Your home office, garage, boat, or RV. Any place, accidents happen. And even worse on pesky chocolate stains and stubborn skin marks. I'm Billy Mays telling you that when stains gotta go, you gotta go with Feecee's Clean. What are now? 1046 and 560, I love that. No comment yet from the White House about the exposure that you and headquarters in Bang Dad, nothing they're mum. Yeah. They're checking it out. They'll speak in a check in it out. Oh, I also want to go to your video store immediately today and get going for Column Bin is finally out after we waited all through the summer they postponed it. Okay. Only for Column Bin, I'll bring in friend Michael Moore. It's out. So how? Update. Yes? Okay. Great. Wait, wait a minute. This is important. This is important. Stop now. Just a minute. If it's a very simple hole. Yes, and it's worth. Those of our team, for what we need tomorrow, I said it's going to be a good one. I can't get in the front board. It's like a power strike again because what did you infer that it might be about? The sale of the station. No. Insurance policies. Sexual harassment. Are you serious? Are you sure? Sexual harassment? Yes. Just as mad as Maddie Bellenwald in his meeting, it's part of their due diligence so that they can say that we have been spoken to. So always it's a CYA meeting right. They're going through the process of going to the process. I don't have to worry about that because I mean if we stare at her and some good looking young guys, then maybe in somebody I might want to harass, then it would be interesting. We don't have any of those homey-gill and Josh, you said so. Well, I mean, Miguel is a me just got married. Yeah, that makes it different. Plus he's hairy too, you know. And who's he and who, oh and Josh Cortis. I thought you meant Josh, you're a, oh my god. He's risen. It's since the beast cut his ass off, but Jesus, God. I just cordices a nice kid, but you know, no, I shouldn't ask you. I wouldn't, let me say this to you because you know me a long time. Right. I have a philosophy which unfortunately some of our people in management don't adhere to an ed building. I have a philosophy in that as you don't crack or you eat. I mean, it's a quite cliche. I'm a big believer in that. You don't dittle around what a people you work with it always comes to a bad, breccom end. Right. Right. Nothing good can ever come of that. I'll tell us got large horse that. Yeah. Well, what does that mean? They met and got married. Well, but they met and worked, but it's not like they were either with a married work. No, they weren't there. I mean, but they were like both single. They were both single and anxious to mingle and the drop and single. Case very round for months and finally he caught it. Did he really? Yeah, caught right up with her and she caught it. Well, I don't care. That's fine. And what about the apple Rick Alpern and what was your intention and who? D. That's right. D. D. C. C. C. C. This is your other speaking in the late station. So it's a meeting about sexual harassment and leave. Leave it to us on this and how did you find this out? A little bird John Jers told me. I see. Since you were a red man. Also a red man. A red man. A lot to meet here before we get off the subject. Yes. Let's get off. Pat is a female. It's a she. So you know, and I don't want to sound sexist, but you know, there's nothing big heavy duty corporate coming out when a female. What is that? A whole other that true. What do you mean by that? I've seen some heavy power wielding females in my time. In this corporation? Not in this corporation. I mean we got what's your name? Well, they're Carolyn Beesley. That sounds of Pat X. We love Carolyn even though she can't get it straight. She just can't get her life stream now. But we still love her because she sounds of Pat X. See with me, the people who are delivering my money. Those are the people I like best. Like Clarence there, oh, they're Josh. He's the best. He can do no wrong. Even though we can't get late, even though we think he's a closet queen. And we think he's definitely got a vagina. Did you? That's just that he went to see screw in. He's on his, he's on vended knee begging to borrow that two-eyed monster that she's got. They were left behind. Roy. The two, that's a two-eyed monster. Yeah, well, same thing. They're two different colorized though. And one more. I was that, let me say four after the first use. I'm wondering. Oh, no. I'm sitting here envisioning that, oh, God, I think we have to leave right now. And I was knowing it. So in other words, all this big buildup, like maybe there was going to be some spectacular announcement. It comes to like another, see why a cover your ass meeting by the Beesley Broadcast people, sexual harassment. And for our general manager to be putting this memo out, I find most, I don't know whether it's amusing or first rating or bizarre, you know? Because I don't want to go into, although probably he'll be coming on our show since we have the most highly rated show to make the public announcement. Since he's announced that everybody else in a building. About his current love interest. And anyway, that's just the way it goes. Okay, to each his own more power to him, he never stole a freight train, even always a bozo, and still can't put the pieces of the morning show back together again. And what was that thing in very jackass on Friday? I heard Gildy talking a little bit about it, even though I don't listen. I'm like your rumors, I never listen. I really don't, but I do pick up some interesting tidbits. I heard Gildy mentioned, so I went to the website on a heroine. I looked up and sure in a very jackass right, that Joe Rose was offered a co-hosting with Moana Morning Show. That's a good, but it's Joe Confin in to a schedule. How is that possible? There'd be a cat fight the first two minutes. They wouldn't be in the same way. They could never finish the first show. No. Right? Right. And of course, maybe Greg is figuring that Joe would rip Moal part limb by limb piece by piece, which is maybe the only way we wouldn't get his crusty or las outside of the building. That's something to think about. That's a plan. Okay, we can put the pull up anytime you want here because this is one that I thought we got most of the big names on our array. We'll have some additions. I'm not putting Steve Martin on there. Why don't you hear? He'll be better than most of these fossils that are already on there. If you went into a shopping mall, you would have a group of people of mixed ages from like 15 to 100. And you asked the same question, who was the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century? There wouldn't be one person who would say Steve Martin. No. They'd say Elvis. Yeah. So what's the Martin on there for? I'll put it on there and it'll probably be like that Haitian station was getting all the crankfots on your pull the other day. Don't you envy that? I'll put some people on here from the lifetime of the people that might be listed. I understand that most of these people go back, but we want to say who is the greatest American entertainer of the last 20 years. Then it's a different story. But the fact of the matter is the reason I'm taking a pull is because they were saying Bob Hope was the greatest American I have the, you know, who was funny or Bob Hope was Steve Martin. No, not no contest. I'm funny or then Bob Hope. You're funny. You're not even amusing in your funny or then Bob Hope. God. Okay, I'll put Steve Martin on there just to make you happy. I got some bad news for you, though, which I told you before the show. I didn't tell you. I held it back. I don't forget, folks, go out and get pulling for colobine today. Now is the tape on today or is it a DVD also? I'm sure they come out at the same time. Simultane, if two minutes. Well, I'm going to go out and buy a whole bunch of copies today. So I did watch over the weekend, finally I got around. What I got my, I don't have the DVD yet. But I didn't get it on VHS. It would, which George has been touting to me and you're not alone. Everybody tells it. Oh, it's got 72 stars on a scale of about 30 minutes. Just phenomenal. And I love Johnny. Dep, you know, I have a hard spot in my heart for Johnny. Oh, John. Oops. What was he going to say? Oh. I thought he was going to say he's got a big deal. Yeah, I was going to say he's got a big hard on. Yeah, I was going to say that. And Bella Legosi, I don't think there's a bigger Bella Legosi fan in the universe than me. Okay. Okay. Now I will say this. Martin, I'm Martin Land, I didn't win the Academy Award as a current. Yes. Thank God for that. Thank God. Oh, good. Because his performance in that movie may have been the greatest acting performance of all time. That was the selling point. He not only looked like Bella Legosi, but his mannerisms, everything about him and his movie went on, you began to believe that it was Bella Legosi. Yeah, that takes a lot. That takes a lot. I didn't even know that was in there. He was phenomenal. Martin Lando. Yep. Who's Martin Lando? I used to be a mission impossible to Barbara Beane who used to be his wife. He's just a great actor. But his performance there is Bella Legosi was so mind-boggling, so great. But I'll get him back to my lame review of the movie. Yeah. And I'm not pregnant because I watched it with great enthusiasm and with great hope. The thing about it was a very ponderous is that it was like, you could have made that movie about 20 minutes. Right? Because it was generally speaking the same thing over and over and over again. Eddie, Eddie helped me. Help me. How many of those calls did we have from Bella Legosi? Eddie would during the movie. And the same thing. He'd get in the car and go over and Bella would just have the needle in his arm or on a way out or whatever. And you know, right? Yes. Yeah. Don't I have a point? You have a very good point. I mean, it wasn't much of a story there, but that Bella was a drug addict which we all knew. And that his career was faltering. You know, we wanted to be bothered and made all the worst movies in his career. Man kind. But he was very powerful about it. And he was a, I love Johnny Depp. I'm Johnny Depp's a great, he really is. He was great in the movie. So it's the acting performances were sensational. But the movie itself. Just a few minutes of that would have been good. God, I would have been 20. That was valid. I was, I did. Yeah. I liked the Bella stuff. I didn't know that much about him. No, I did too. But I made just didn't go anywhere. He was just the same thing over and over again. And then they'd go from one crappy movie. And he'd get he could play some scam or go back to the Brown Derby to find some millionaire to get backing 60 grand for his next movie. And he'd put out some other piece of crap. And that was fine a couple of times. But after about the 40 of time he did that, you're thinking, well, what now? You know what happens now? The credit's real. I see. 10. 57 is anything new. One is thing in Bang Dan. Television say. It's in C.2. Who the Army recruit in our universities. So you're trying to bring in very capable, interested, motivated young people with can keep a secret. And who are highly intelligent. You want to do the job. And then you've turned to work? Well, whatever that means. They had an explosion, nasty carbomb. The case you've been sleeping in case you've been out of touch with reality. At the UN headquarters, in Bang, that at at at at at at at at least 3 did, dozens of other send you. Another terrorist a bunch of them to craft, which we've helped us stir up. And now is happening all over again. And just in case you missed the other story, which may even be more significant. Al Qaeda now claiming responsibility for the energy blackout and the northeast, including here in Toronto last week, you'll bash your geo. We're not too fond of them. Are we. Assholes 1057 at 567W, a M2 about losing weight. In fact, your ass, speaking, would not just say that something about ass will reduce dramatically. The beast is on balance for life and you ought to be too. This is your last gas beast. Are we right about that? Yeah, last gas. Pick a deep breath and that's your lunch. No balance for life gives you plenty of food. This is one weight loss program. You're not going to be starving on all day long. Some of the diet programs are they give you like little tiny pigeon like portions and you're starving You think in how they all can I stay on this and you don't and you want a gaining weight instead of losing balance for life makes it easy because they provide all your food And there's plenty of it. There's no cooking. No shopping. No cleaning. No calorie counting. No carbohydrate counting. Nothing to think around. All you do is go to your door by six o'clock every morning whenever you get up and there's your little black sack. And inside everybody at first read for told me this morning everybody should have a little black sack. And there's all your food for the entire day three gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks right there at your door and the food is fresh It's delicious. There's nothing a prefabricated nothing frozen. No added is it's all the best ingredients known to man and you'll have a big smile on your post every day The only choice you have to worry about making is when you fill out your little aminoants a week You have two choices for each meal and snack every day that's run a program and that's it and they take care of all of us for you So if you're overweight out of shape, the third you dive in a kind of verge of coconut over there If you're sick and tear to be in a walking tub a crap that balance for life Hope you lose it once and for all you start seeing results within just a matter of a days on at scale call balance for life today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine Five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them on the wicked worldwide web at balance for life.com Hey Stench of palminor Hubbers over this performance by the golfers By the way, Jake Miller sucks Cheers Decided in the days Hey You'll know me, oh, this is your girl, but she didn't kiss, we'll get them trained in. The months got to come out, be waiting till late. That a total of obese men. We've spent with a happy and bars, I hope you're ready for a rough run. Let's watch their surroundings. Let me know if they're at five, 60, W2M happy Tuesday, too. But got your roast for the man dog, you too. But Joseph Gackie for the Humper for the seven and two list, take to this afternoon. Seven o'clock, you got the big, oh, from PPP Park. How come he's going to be doing a PPP Park when the marlins are on the road? I don't know. Does that make any sense to us? No. Marlins on deck 8 through the de-marlins at Colorado to play the Rockies in 905, but the big is at the ballpark, where there's no sense and you'll mark overnight. Well, look at that, this is you'll mark overnight mid-dite till five, because the game's been in about mid-dite, and I think it's an eye-off tonight. Did you see that? I'm going to go and mark, maybe they'll be talking to somebody. Ten to two yesterday, actually, heard a piece. Have they got your pardon? Just today. They were on ten to two? Yeah. Oh, at night. Right. Oh, look at now, I've never done a pool where I've seen the votes coming like one at a time. What was I just talking about a little while ago, there's nobody in town. A votes are coming like one at a time. Maybe they don't want to pull as a pull zone. After his death, the media proclaimed Bob Hope, the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century, who do you think it was? Five-save Bob Hope. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Yeah. Johnny Carson II, Elvis Presley II, I voted for him. One of Ms. By. Steve Martin II, one of his judges. Frank Sinatra I, none for Steve Allen or Milton Burrell. Now, we had it on here. You, you know, facts me, Jackie Gleason. Right. To the choice. Think that's Richard Pactor. And what about Madonna? Huh? Okay. What? Nothing. Let's put her on there. You don't think? I just, uh, that's not personal. You wouldn't get my vote, but there will be people who would say, Freaking Madonna. Okay. She's big. She's big in them, uh, whatever. Whatever. We're big in Japan. Yeah. Just like Jerry Lewis, he's big in France. Everybody's big somewhere. Like me, I'm big in the rectum. No. So the pull is up for you to frozen to have a good time with it. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I don't know if you've had to win him late. Did you guys talk about the tech couple's proof the other night? No. He was on the night of the blackout. Yeah. And the guy called up, uh, to cell phone call, or was supposed to be someone from the New York transit, authority. Was another Howard Stern person? No. No, actually wasn't Howard Sternery was pushing. He started talking to him and he was, he'd tell he was a, a spoof because he started talking about the opposite would, would they should have done with the people in the, in the subway. No, in any kept on saying. And what you really need to do, uh, Mr. Clapple is go to thanks for taking my call.com. And he kept saying it like three or four times in a matter of like two minutes. And then the cell phone would kind of go off him. That, uh, we're thinking God or someone in studio would like stop him. Yeah. And he'd come back and he'd go, okay. Now, yeah, we got him back. Okay. We got a better connection. Great. We got that guy back from, you know, he'd mentioned a name. He was like, you know, something is funny. You'll mention it because the same thing happened with Howard Sternery guy that called Keralkastel on CNN, uh, that Friday morning. I think he, he lost the connection and then they got him back on and he says, well, a probably 40, we started two or three hours. And by the way, would you bang Howard Sternery? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, well, I just, you know, I'm sure someone else would call us. So what is it what happened with, uh, what was the website again? Hey, he kept on saying, I think it was something that thanks for taking my call.com. Is this such a website? I don't know. I'm afraid even what, but it was so funny because he kept on cutting out. And he goes, do we got him back? Okay. We got him back. We got him back on a line. Oh, my God. And the things he was saying about, like, well, we need to keep the people on the trains. And then he was saying, like, he was like, well, I don't know why he would do that sir. He goes, but of course, you're from the transitory. So I guess. You call that comment again. Oh, that's the best. That was great. Thank you. You too. That's great. And these are the people in the media that are like, uh, going to give us the info, the straight poop. Oh, God. It's just pathetic. But you did remember her name. And if they came back to me, Carol Castell, you know who she is? No. Yeah, you do. You see her. She's on early. I don't know what their name is. He's on her real early show when nobody's away. Kind of like what we do with mold. Who's Dickam on? Let me see. Oh, she's attractive with a lot of makeup. But you have seen her when she was like on an emergency thing. And you know, like like many people will not make up. She's pretty nasty. Kind of like that Dean came thing, you know. I'll let's see how this poll is shaping up here. Okay. Let's get some votes on this turkey. Let's put some lipstick on this pig. Oh, oops. Isn't an amazing how the public is just so weak. The people have been manipulated in condition to be in so God. They mean, you'll never see another revolution in America. I'll tell you that even at the polls, and it just ain't going to happen. The public has been so they've been turned to like yellow. They put into well in advance with the other like silly, like silly, punty, right? Especially the silly part. Anyway, after his day, I'm not going to read the whole thing. Who was the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century? Bob Hope, nine Johnny Carson 7, Elvis 7, Steve Martin 5. I told you he'd do well. Franks and after three, no votes for Steve, Ellen and Milton, Bro, we don't have a Jackie Glister Madonna up there yet. Look at some other choices on it. I hope so. We better. Are you in a lot of trouble? I don't. Because you're doing the show in New England. You didn't know that yet. No. Well, I got to go out and get that Michael more. Oh, you mean, it's sunny. It is beautiful here all over. We got to keep that era way down. Yeah. Got to keep the lights off. We got to be in the dark as much as possible. The worst part of this whole deal is that the fur all over the weekend. The airport here, prisoner for was all on nightmare. And they're kind of the as usual with all my apologies to my friends that are kind of and I do love them. But man, they got problems. They're always like one breath away from going out of business. Right. And they had a nightmare like all the airports in northeast because they had a cancel all the flights and they're back up energy wasn't working and they couldn't take off. And they're telling everybody to conserve extra power or this week we're going to have rolling blackouts in the meantime. Most of the big neon signs like downtown. They're blaring in the lights. And I thought they were earlier. They were calling them rolling brownouts. Oh, they were called. But I was only in Skoranzor office. Yeah. Clarence went in there with a flash light. He went into her office with a flash light. And when in doubt he checked it out. Spelunky. He was in there spelunky. Yes. Isn't that something the whole big buildup about the meeting of tomorrow and it turns out it's about sexual harassment? That's so boring. You know, no, it ain't. No, you want to be a paying attention that because if you have another intern like what's your name like what's your name? What was your name? Michelle. Don't tell me Shannon. Yeah. And she had what harasses me again like that one day. Yeah. Yeah. It was terrible the way she had you come close around. I'm going to go out on board grabbing my view. Shannon. I thought. I'll bet. Probably several times. But in any way, that's good. A sexual harassment. We're covering our ass of QA and we want the world to know that. Well, if anything bad happens, we didn't do it. Here's a call from Boker. Hello. Boker. Who's listening to the radio? Would a radio? Would a channel blame them? I've had these people out here for an attorney. Are you there? You be there, Boker or not? Hello. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking. I'm George kind of stole my thunder. I was going to predict that the meeting is going to be to an ass pain. It's going to be a pain. It's going to be a pain. It's going to be a pain. It's going to be a pain. It's going to be a pain. I think it's going to be a hitman. Exactly. Hitman. Exactly. And usually, I would say that usually those. The human resource meetings where they put, but it's been someone down from corporate. It's always, it's always the way. They'll probably have you signed some kind of a statement so they can put it in your personal file saying that. I won't have me signed those statement because I ain't going to be there. No, but you're a contractor anyway, right? Right. I'm not an employee, right? Yeah. I'm going to go into the office. Right. Now, my idea. We're going to add an into our list or not. Okay. Let me ask you this. Bob Hope, which probably I'm out on a holiday, you are. Bob Hope, anybody out of the age of others and old fossils like me, he doesn't mean anything. I'm at 40s. I mean, I mean, Bob Hope is like as a name from the past. Right. If in the early distant past. That would be a saying like Rudy Valley was the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century. I was also in prison. Yeah. I was also was a lot better in Bob Hope. Yeah. And I mean, I was also very important to the history of the movie. I'm out there. I'm out there. I'm going to put him on the list. I mean, I would put I would vote for all children over the Bob Hope. He was more important. And since you mentioned, I was also what about Groucho Marx. There he is. He was up there. He was bigger than movies and on TV also. Actually, I mean, if you want to, there's no winner on the list so far. Madonna. I'm going to say Betty Davis because again from an older perspective, you know, that was somebody who really was like, you know, larger than like everybody. He was everybody followers her. Right. On screen. I mean, stripes and maybe in the second half of the century. But both of those over Madonna. Okay. Excellent. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. See you again. You're going to put a lot of things in there. So I wrote down Al Jolson groucho Marx and Betty Davis. Very good. You think screw in his Betty Davis eyes? Or maybe just that one brown one. Twelve in his pen. How do we get started with screw in again? Oh, they got you pulled a ride of your own. No. Clarence pulled it out. And she even run along that orphan's screaming in the Elin. He pulled the right out. It was a strap on is what I'm hearing. She said, well, I've seen Elin before. Rawr. He's still a way that thing around in here Sexual harassment and the workplace. Oh boy How good yeah, but you will be oh I got to hear about this is little Maddie Belgo to be in it And who was he chasing around that time? What was the young lady? He was no comment. No, no seriously What do you remember a couple years ago? Are my group host personal friend Maddie Belgo brings us all the ratings before anybody in the world has I don't know? I don't remember that. Yeah, you do come on. There's George again being a was Being such a pussy you know You know air v female that ever worked in that building or even a one's a walk around on the street outside the building You know you got 1113 at five 60 it'll come back you like and maybe it's Carl Costello Is that Joe's wife What in the effect her name is Caroline Costello so you think it could have been Caroline 1113 at five 60. Every 2 qm if you're in a really dead-end job Maybe college just is gonna take too long. You don't have four years to wait for to find a life and cost too much also But if you can't afford just 10 bucks a month and commit yourself the three nights a week for four months Fast train could up you achieve a new high-bank computer career that's absolutely correct folks Just 10 bucks a month or three nights a week for only four months for individuals who be qualifying So call fast train. What he got to lose be so I did end job at a really lame paycheck Call one eight six six fast train because they have four locations all over town It just makes sense. There's about everyone pretty close to where you are there in Miami kindle Remark finds and prestigious for the order now when you call eight six six fast train You be talking with a train career counselor and fast rain continues to offer you dating weekend schedules They give you job placement hands-on training too. So call fast train today at eight six six fast train Now, what if it hands-on training that's not like sexual harassment is it Fast trains defer payment is valid for one year regular payments apply their after what do our high school student on summer break somebody Really crappy Rotten under paid dead end job are just looking to increase that net worth call fast train today toll free and tell them a cranky old meal To need to call eight six six fast train or check them on that wicked worldwide web at fast train.com See a doctor company today I got the what does order you know Prevention of the beast when it doesn't but he is golden yes It's there for the fact little bastard What are you talking what do you know what are you saying power wait today mr. Howard you told me talk What's the way they load out on and test time out now until you remove those check-in pens Okay So I thought yeah, do I got to what he call it their eight minutes What I got a weight that you live like vinegar gizola Hey, he's on the phone turn hurry. It's just an ultrasound I might balls what Paul is he have you have any now Again Again Why you dirty you know who I am you want to be allowed to purchase medicine? I don't have to practice it I know it now No, no, you don't let me think I'm stupid or something. I think I know the problem is Oh, well, that case Just as I thought or that bad case a fail scene build up until you write to the right never mind all right your Suspension for a bit down, but hey, thank that friend That trust me you'll be taking things once I clean you out nurse extend my wonder why I'm Ready to insert 1119 at five 60 W. I'm 64 votes on a pool After his death immediately proclaimed Bob hope the greatest American entertainment of the 20th century Who do you think it was Bob hope 15 votes? Johnny Carson 14 Elvis 13 Steve Martin. Hey, that told you So after six Steve Allen appear Jackie Greeson's got a pair Madonna's got two Milton bro one and ground show We just stuck up under has got one already in the aljoles and none yet. I have a justification for Might Steve Martin pick where's Betty Davis? I got another one before you justify I But about Marlon Brando absolutely Huh, I might go for him. Look at all the great movies he was in that's right that was going to be sort of my point unlike Bob hopes Steve Martin actually made a couple of movies that were actually funny Right and he did you know live performing on stage and and he also did dramatic movies that were pretty damn good Yeah, unlike Bob hope The greatest American entertainment of the 20th century was Steve Martin. I'd to pick one over those other people that were on the pool Oh Willie Nelson says somebody here now He's a little bit too moody for me Willie Nelson. I'm not putting that on it This is another one of these stories where you're really digging it around today School principal faces sex charges. Maybe he ought to be in that meeting him are on sexual harassment Sarah Soda the Reverend jury Lee pits is accused of having sex with a 15 year old student repeatedly It is Christian school all those horny Christians man The principal at local Christian school and Sarah Soda was charged Wednesday. I guess this is last week Would sexually assaulting a female student over several months last year the Reverend jury Lee pits 37 pastor and principal at the Living world Christian Academy 455 North Lime Avenue in Sarri Soda is accused of having sex with a girl multiple times in an office and a computer line with the school police said According to a police report, I was getting off the elevator my building yesterday and it was a really good looking guy waiting There whatever for it stopped that and he had his laptop in his hand. He had it in his hand Yeah, and he said can you believe it? They were first with the power black on I just discovered the worm in my computer Yeah, he had the worm. I said can I take a look at it? We're gonna look for the worm on his laptop. Yeah, and his lab According to a police report the girl who was 15 at the time told police the sex occurred from April to July 2002 she is now 16 Pits couldn't be reach for comment for some bizarre reason of course he is denying those allegations that is attorney Leon Campbell Police said they have sworn statements by two other people One a former student who said she was sexually abused by a pitch the other man adults said who have knowledge of what other student who was abused Pit was charged with five council ludo licevius battery and long-awaited huge batteries and one kind of looter Lissibius molestation based on the 60 year old statement it goes on and on it great life. How do you like that? Another one of those isolated incidents God 5670560. I don't see Betty Davis on her we don't want to put too much pressure on Eric who's been doing a Spectacular step by the way She is sure no, but on mine. I see her maybe you need to reload I got 71 votes. How many you got 83? Oh, well, you see it's taking a little I got 83 right now. Betty Davis and Marlon Brando just went on there. They have none between the two of me got none See really stop and think about this one. What does it take to qualify for this? I mean, you know now that's a big deal because I'll almost all these people are dead anyway most of them But what does it really take in other woods there has to be long-jewity somebody who's returned for a long time Somebody when it came to masses which means certainly It's got almost definitely be either music movies or television or combination of those see the thing with Elvis is he made those awful movies But he was in a lot of movies right there were horrible, but he was in movies and of course music and also on TV How about Ed Sullivan Mr. Job boys and girls just a joke boy you have to have you ever seen those Or so I don't understand them to this day and now we have Pope old G. Joe I'm not sure he was either he was ever really alive at so him he was ugly he had a horrible default poster He couldn't talk it a personality like that. Yeah, man But other than that he was dynamic How the Beatles the Beatles who he just as stiff as a cardboard box like Nick and my grandma used to come Ed Solomon Here's Miami hello Yeah, yeah, sir It's Woody Graver are you doing hey, what are you another are called from Woody Graver was my radio head ticket to know this past yeah He wants his radio head ticket, Stannett. What you got asked for him? Please Please, okay, let's see what I can do for you before you go before you go on. Do you see the wait a minute? Did you see Ozzy Osborn sing take me out of the ball game and really feel the ability to see that tape? I Oh my goodness that was and did you see Steve Stone standing next to him and Steve of course, it was no such a humor once whoever just incredulous and would that ugly look like yeah, what is this you know I thought Steve was gonna float right away Well, it was certainly a certainly a moment of Part of the ball game new ones I don't know what else went on there, but Yeah, I thought that we from Thursday George so I'll see what I can do for you now this pass. I just moved into first place Yeah, I was gonna make a rush on March for this somebody else Before you pick me up, but yeah, that's that guy could be as well. Nobody else mentioned I mentioned it You're making graduates, right? I mean a little bit of credit Woody. Okay Somebody got you going to mention it. Yeah So it's definitely the deputy crutch on March. I thought should be on your phone definitely I actually saw him live He did back when he Didn't you promote one of his appearances? Who talked not quite but on 1937 this is back in the early 70s. He did like a couple of lines like lectures almost really Where actually Marvin Hamlet was a piano player at the time who Marvin Hamlet you remember oh Marvin Hamlet You can't I can't stand Marvin Hamlet I know he did pop there's something about him and there is whole ambiance. This makes me want a puke Yeah, but garage actually got up and he talked about his movies and you know He was still looted at that point He was hilarious. Here's a fact that's here's what I says how about Sammy Davis Jr No, we got to put some sfarts his under plus he was Jewish and had one eye Look at all I know it look at the minority's he covered short people people with one eye Jews and sfarts his and tap dance Who's how can he be that? Kevin Ray day Woody Here George those tickets God damn it All right, thanks good my god man on the floor radio had radio hit here was canceled. I believe because of the power blackout Can can you imagine Something a riot can you imagine if we'd had to blackout right at the time of the stones the big Concert we in here and let me say it again for anybody that was traveling like how the country we had a half a million people here in Toronto Couple which to go but are rolling stones stones concept with AC DC and guess who and I was other people Half a million people and the early go on me for the thing even started there were like two drunken punks arrested for Like getting a scuffle of the cops other than that nothing not one incident nobody got knife nobody got money And it was hotter and hell too was like boiling over there The only incident and was a really good one of the whole thing was when I started throwing water bottles that just and think about that was great Even he even he admitted that they had good reason to do it Like what am I doing here? This kind of like what's his name? What's up? That was his name? They got a rent provides president would Ross Peerow what's that was his name? And we'll stop there. See I'm way ahead. I'm just I'm just testing you So we put in Sammy Davis on there or not? I hope so sure. We are yeah, let's put a little Santa Davis on there huh movies stage Recorded TV You name remember the Sammy Davis trio. That's right. That's when they started. No, you don't remember the Sammy Davis Before you were born oh, I'm getting older was Saw he was soft footnip Was he dead footnip 11 27 and five 60 by the way to her cane's blow I just thought I would mention that just the facade the beast and all their fans suck too By now you've been here to about how laments are us is the a way to go and laminated wood flooring from laments are us as the easy smart domain Insulternive to expensive Natural wood flooring Laman sir us is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the business They got them all perid or perigo Wilson are unifloring quick step They got all the top names all installed by pergo certified installers Here's another really smart reason why I'd be called laments are us their prices will positively florey Right now even get to some are special for just 19 95 bucks. That's correct Just 19 95 bucks kids you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring It is positively unbelievable and unmatchable and laminated to us will match in legitimate written offer to if you want a free and home estimate No obligation call laminated to rush toll free and tell them the cranky nasty ancient the authority to call Well, I'm not cranky though. I'm gonna pretty good mood because it's sunny and beautiful here. Is it raining there? No Guys said it was raining before before what before we came on here call laments are us toll free at 1 877 777 3336 what could be easier or simpler? They offer your free copper disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and of course Years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring call laments are us today toll free 1 877 777 3336 Years horse-winning will 560 What could be better than watching your favorite players? Slam down how about watching them get dunked in the slamer you can with a only NBA criminal lead Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court this will be right Terral Armstrong they managed out of iron climb Robinson Chris Weber Jerry Stackhouse and of course All in my very same store Well, the NBA supercar garden lockdown the action is locked up the NBA criminal The most violent prisoner They've gone from committing fouls to committing penalties and use in the material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminal See they learn as that actually call it I'm pretty too a five 60 W QM happy Tuesday to I'm glad he heard some are raining at the moment At somebody told me before that it was starting to rain with there was a little drip maybe where they were Maybe that was to be poor from clearance when he went into screw-ins office. He said it was a little drip Here's a fact that says the best entertainer by far is many him Which is you know it's amusing but then he goes on to say but seriously Benny Hill Benny Hill is American I don't think so don't think so not Sorry Then the Teddy in the Miami who's a quantum fancier right? He says the gray I'm 20 years old the greatest internet the 10th I got to see him in that century and that's something What he says that century because it's not that century now. All right. Oh Jesus Robin Williams Do you think we ought to put Robin Williams on this list why not stand up comic? I mean I don't know the movie movies No, I don't agree there's a part that body and red nose of work But he's been around a long time. He made the Lot of I think just last year you made a bunch of movie And as far as the female it says it would have to be sure with him without to wig. Okay We'll put cheer on her to make Teddy happy. I Think though she's also a broad broad Yeah, of course a lot of people forget her back in a sunny and sheer days before he went skiing and before they got the word I'm ready for this put up Huh we remember I mean that really it wasn't I really no no What her greatest success was I'd have to look in my book. I'm too easy to do that She wanted us for that mood struck. I think I'm not sure right so there you go to star stage screen movies TV music Whatever Also, it says there's also this little Colombian who's he mama down at the pussy cat the best holder kind of entertainment And as far as that's concerned speaking of the pussy cat maybe we left out one of the most important names of all tempest storm There we go Who had the Fony Hootie I mean the phone is 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line This story about al-Qaeda claiming where is it in the mainstream media? Why aren't they even reporting the fees reports exist? I know and these are the newspapers where where is it? Elvis pressley 24 and Again, we should probably apologize because most of our audiences say in my money. They know Elvis even even a little punk kids And we've discovered before our audience ain't all that partial to Elvis they can live without them Right. Oh, yeah, they don't they don't like him. No, who does? No, no, why would you say that that shut-ins The only people to like Elvis's music or as an entertainer were fat shut-ins and old folk those are the people that go to Graceland or people you're talking about They got to get out once in a while old folks Twitter trash like all this So in other words only trailer trash and old people like Elvis pressley's music. Yeah, yeah, maybe some bags I don't know I don't know what they like they like Elvis to lie Of course we like Pat Boone 2 and so we're really Elvis Presley 24 Bob Hoot 23 Johnny Carson 19 Steve Martin 13 I told you he was a winner and I love Steve Martin 2, but I mean just the idea of him being the greatest It's just so I thought about it, but yeah, he's current So what does that mean and it goes to show the media Acrodization of our lives, okay in the last if if we would have said in the last 20 years Who was the greatest entertainer who do you've had on there in fact? Oh these people on this list you have Steve Martin Johnny Carson Madonna right yeah, share share and that's it and Marlon Brando and that's about it I mean some of the people were still alive in the last 20 years like Sammy Davis and but it Look at that Sammy Davis and Benny Davis. How about early Davis? How about any Davis junior and senior at Harrington Park? Who you ever bet on then Don't hundred nineteen votes and it's a real battle there like a solid of them would say real battle So not friends Steve Martin 13 Johnny Carson 19 Bob hope 23 and Elvis the King whom George is denigrating today 24 and I think that's disgraceful disgrace land He was okay. Here's Miami. Hello Pretty good sir. Hey, why don't some people you guys take that hot-bought he was born in England Yeah, we know that but that's that's not picking Okay, but anyway funny is an all of them. I think was jacked any and I do agree famidated should be on there, but I was also Am I thinking of Liberace should be on air raid Anyway, we got to put some clean clean on thank you sir. Let's put Liberace on air flame point clean. Hey Eric Eric put Liberace on he was putting us on or he wasn't yeah, the brother you know George yeah George Liberace. He used to stand it when he had the TV show If he's to stand there next to the piano. I think he's the blow to your candle lover Jack Benny we're putting on air. I mean we can put all the old TV we could put and win on there I mean See a guy Edwin was good He was great. He was a funny guy. Yes. He was he was he was like he was like a live character from Cooper Fran and Ali He was just he was a panic In fact, I think your Robin Williams stole the red nose from Edwin and when was great, but nobody remembers him I bet you a book a brand member center all those old fossils like you don't remember I'm old footage Yeah, what is it trio now and what do you call it? I mean I'll tell you how you know you get no because his son Keenan win was really good actor Keenan win is about 90 now. You know and he was Edwin's son and I remember Edwin's so what does that tell you? What did Keenan would say He did yeah, that was him in the great race. Are you serious? I'm telling you wasn't he by the way Let me say to again I apologize to my friend Johnny Depp and Bella Legosi rest in whatever you're dressed in No, you know that they buried they actually buried him and I keep yes, they did that was his last request very me and my cape with a cape on so like right in the boxes like a little chicken 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT and see and where we got a sexual harassment thing of QM tomorrow Big meat they're holding big meat. I'm wearing my shiny red leather cod piece to the meeting Maybe to bring in a gigantic ceramic rocking penis too. This is come like a civil message rock on Here is let's roll here's Miami. Hello. I know how you doing pretty good I got comfortable before you and if you're in a fund or I should my little Patani Tim on the list okay I Think he had a point. No, too Tiny Tim good call three entertain was great Chill With me Who was that it says tiny Tim Jr. I don't remember that thing. I don't know Is that incredible or what My Prepable records is proud to present the Elvis album everyone's been waiting for it's Elvis in Seattle I'm Real man The mouse of the good hands. I'm getting hungry Here it is. Give me a sheet for my and see the close guy in love the Rosaline. I'm getting hungry That's right the king of rock and roll is playing the kingdom and you've got a front road ticket Will there a me spoke In class today Elvis Covers all the great Seattle baths Bro Jam sound garden and the one that started the dog. They're gone that oh man Mama Mama We know Elvis is very well and rocking Seattle only on Capital records and she has we got a House You're welcome a 16-philnone at five 60 WC. We got a hundred and even in votes. What do we got on there? hundred and the 52 votes and Elvis has got a slim leave he's got 31 Bob Hooked 29 which is shocked to hold out of me Tony Carson 24 steam martin 15 son on for 15 Jacky police in 12 look at grapchos got eight That's older yeah Here's a facts from B and Hollywood be something I can't read this but whatever. Thank you B The greatest entertainer of the 20th century going back to 1900 I think the entertainer of the captivated the attention imagination the greatest masses of the world public any one time was Eric Weiss a K. A. Harry who D.E Would a gigantic weeny? Okay, American self liberator Europe's eclipse sensation world's handcuff king and prison breaker Nothing on earth could hold who D.E. a prisoner it says except maybe what's his name? What was his name on a prisoner? Oh, Patrick the Goons Patrick McGoon. What's he doing? Also if you're gonna list any actors. I think the Charlie Chaplin must also be added and says no I'm not a hundred eight years old actually 42 but here's somebody that's only 42 but knows all about this good stuff Charlie Chaplin I'm putting on there sure Harry who D.E. Er I don't think so cost us anything to put it on there. Okay. No, but it makes Eric do more work And he's under a lot of stress up there, isn't he? No, no, he's sucking up real hard these days because we're ready You know who okay Harry who do you need put him on around because you'll do all that great. I could be wrong. What do I know? But when I know from Harry who D.E. Oh, and speaking of Harry who D.E.E. was it crescan was that the guy that was an Edward the Amazing crescan right the amazing crescan which I never knew about him It's close to sure how naive I must have been as a child I've heard his name. What a flamboyant queen that was so that crescan I heard crescan was into Chrisco 5 670 560 pop. I know it was a good movie. It should have been just a half an hour No, no editing they could have could have helped editing and like maybe adding a little something else to the story we said Eddie helped me Eddie, you know, I mean No, no, it's valid and I will say this that Harry had much better looking tracks in his arm and Belendon Bella was more like a road map, but Harry had like a like the old purple vein That was spread it around Harry just bang that one spot. He just had a one-favorite spot Here's a call for Miami lace hello. How about Jim J. Boach He's one of them. Here's a lady in South Miami. Hello. Yes, man. I'd like to recommend Lucy a ball. Oh, how could we have left off Lucy She's our we scoop it or what we are Okay, thanks a lot. Thank you. Have a great day. How are we stupid? Unlucy I'm your partner. I just set you a factual. Let's suggest the Lucy a ball. Okay. Here it is Here's one that says Mohour David and some new Yeah, one for the old man Wow, so this he lived through almost the entire century I'm reaching for my Lucy facts just relax mostly on all this isn't delucy facts This is about topless three-year-old makes waves at the pool Topless toddlers apparently can spark a lust and adults who are sexual other this this is disgusting This is pathetic where is this from? Don't know from hunger. I'm at it from the decrystery press Which I knew it well? Of course I live in Detroit when I actually like a few white people there. There's still a few white people in Detroit And for a lot of the else's great American entertainers female Lucille ball and male Wayne Newton is what I call one out of two a bad Oh, wait, I can't get my house that high donkey chain Don't get shit every time I think of a way Newton I think of one other person In fact, the movie was just done over the weekend both he's Eagle. Oh, yeah You know what I mean? I mean I'm not making any allocations or accusations It's just it just I wonder how some of these people have made it big in the early days of Vegas. They must have known just like what's his name there? El Martino right on he found tame You know he went there to the meeting and he said No, he did he said we'd like you to you know get some of your friends and show business to you know to anything for my godfather Mike I just I'm just obsessed how you could say godfather three ruined or destroyed godfather one day You doll the cliches from it. They like solid it. They crap on it. They tainted it Top plus three year old makes waves had pool from the Detroit free press and maybe I'll write for girls to be a topless and pools and say Brazil but don't try going topless at a water park in Detroit even if you're only three years old Is it car Carina Sirwell and her daughter Suhaila Smith three Learned that the hard way wins day when security guards and Wayne County. You just fart or something Sorry and Wayne County's Chandler park family acquitted per a call police on Sirwell Because she allowed her daughter to play in the pool topless. I mean is there any hope for America at all? No So, relative Detroit since she came to the park about 11 30 the morning Wednesday the park complete with water slides Wave and waiting pools is all by Wayne County managed by Something that a price of Detroit can't be the word So, Hela had her bikini bottom on but her mother had forgotten the matching top if I had the top I would have put it on her Sirwell said Friday, but Sirwell said nothing wrong with her daughter going topless Just like the three year old boys flashing around the pool Topless topless apparently can spark less than adults who are sexually attracted to children at least that's what Sirwell said the Proxycurity guards repeatedly told her during the standoff window enterprises. They had a standoff If there are pedophiles or was it like nudge nudge wink wink? Is that what they were doing? Thanks, though If there are pedophiles in your park, please harass them and leave my daughter and me alone Sirwell said she told the girls Yeah, harassed them and we'll talk about the meaning tomorrow QAM So Sirwell held her ground or better still waited deeper to the pool the guards then threatened to call Detroit police on Sirwell and her topless top Oh Jesus And about one PM a police officer from the fifth precinct arrived assessed the situation in the corner Sirwell told a park manager A Renzo Douglas that Sirwell was doing nothing wrong Why don't they have a guy named like like a big camera meeting about in Detroit? Let's get the the mayor and the city commission together Jesus Secret service tried it over prob of cartoonist the secret service used for family bad judgment and seeking the question Los Angeles times cartoonist over a political cartoon to picking a man putting a gun a president bush a senior house Republican said Tuesday with who did what we want? Representative Christopher Cox Republican California chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee said the secret service own people to prize winning cartoonist Michael Ramirez and a Apology and the public is owned next place and both how this happened and why will not happen again? The use of federal power to attempt to influence the work of an editorial cartoonist for the LA times Cox said in letter the West Secret Service Director Ralph Baschham reflects profoundly bad judgment But it's typical because we live in a fascist country. Don't wait for it. There you go far for the course Jesus Christ At least like I said you live in a fascist country right you visit A president bush to comment about that you want to tack around noon will keep our IP over that we want to create that Yeah What's he gonna say anything 5 670 560 pound 560 on the 18 and see what he's gonna say is he we told you we had to go in here to protect the install these terrorists and the idea Yeah, of course if we wouldn't have gone in there with us to happen in the first place. Oh no But all those people would have died been named wounded etc But they still have running water electricity Jobs all of these things Oh, I just mentioned that in passing In any country within an electric with any kind of a brain this man already would have been impeached make no mistake about it They have it a hearings continue over there and Britain they got Tony Blair with his feet on the fire and America they were worried about Arnold our let that's worried about And American idol perfect it is perfect for American man. He's gonna host American idol 5675 here. He's been idol that's why he got to do something Too much idle time on your hands man And then Maria Schreiber I'd like I'd like to make a chin for her, you know I'd like to smack her so hard where her chin is supposed to be that she'd grow one Here's a call from Boca. Hello Yes, sir. You got for rich yoke and on there Well, we don't have to but we probably will All right, well, that's not all I had to say and I thought it was pretty good. He was very good Thank you. Thank you. He was legendary I don't know what I used to say at the end of the show. He had something he used to say y'all hold with y'all got to y'all get you said night night And he had some I don't know what it was he was good But I mean how you we can't put every pioneer See this is the thing there are people who are like pioneers in her field of our radio pioneers There were movie pioneers there were people like from the early days and of course there were people like There were all Valentino who had like I guess a really squishy voice or something Although didn't he did he die before they may talking movies or not? I don't recall You think was just a coincidence that all three of his wives were all as beans Sure Paul and they agree as she was one of my don't know who the other there was one or two more he kept wearing dikes Kind like the same problem Jailo has 560 I don't want here one more word about Jailo or Ben F Black or any I don't want to hear about them I don't want to know from them before the show George was telling me about the media now at least MTV has got this frenzy about Jessica Simpson and Nick Lashay from 90 degree every if you know I'm obsessed with Nick Lashay, but even so I mean what is there to say? His group vanished from the face of the earth even though he did a lot of pretty good music and The she's like he said got a big size and a big rack She's got a big rack and he's got the big D Here's what it says. Oh my god It says that would like to nominate Oprah for your pool. Oh Holy Toledo Oprah She touched me in my heart too in the color purple. It says well let's put her on there She's a billionaire What are you laughing about that the facts is funny? She touched me in my heart too It says made it purple Well, I guess if you touch it enough it Then you get purple Oprah on there. What about red scout? Are we putting him on there? We're putting after his death the media proclaimed that The greatest entertainer of the 20 American entertainer of the 20th century was Bob Hope who do you think it was? Elvis 35 Bob hope 34 There's Elvis and Bob neck to neck knows to know as wine. Oh who's gonna win that one? Johnny Carson 27 Franks and after 19 Steve Martin 17 Jackie Greason 13 Groucho 12 now that's surprising Don't you think oh? I mean yeah, it's surprising because the age thing. I mean you bet your life was you I mean How many years ago was Anna? More than that sure it's because of those glasses everybody has those glasses. Oh, I tried everybody's got those ground show glasses You go disguise by the way Good idea especially if you're like two steps to the left of a till of the hunt in your in America right now always put on the ground show glasses before you go out Can't hurt but that has got seven What about Lucy? Don't we have Lucy on here? Hey Brian Rhodes Brian Rhodes who sent us a 20-page facts on what we Nelson's filmography? Yes, take it up here. He's a Max's Brian Rhodes 1951 votes on here and Lucy doesn't have any I thought when had lady called with Lucy I thought we finally struck the mother load and I realized he ended on it very long. She don't have any And everybody this is out in eighths and because everybody I mean it's on Nickelodeon It's on Nickelodeon. It's on everybody. It's on a zillion different channels the reruns. Oh, yeah, I love loosely That's what the scran always says You a As a coach, that's you or and I sound like Bob hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12-door hour or whatever It ladies and gentlemen the Arnold Schwarzenegger All right, before we get started. What is that smell? That's my new clone. It smells like onion dip. What is it? That's onion dip call on that explains it. I guess that's right Next question, you know those all the speculation that you are all up You know there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run. I know I fooled the whole world What changed your mind? What mind? What changed your decision to run for governor? The seasons are easy to make when you are informed What does that mean? It's onion dip call. No, I don't mean about the clone. I mean what does that statement mean? Right next question. What is what I go to sacramental? I will pump up sacramental. Well, how exactly are you going to do that? I'm going to pump it up. How? By pumping But this is a government. This isn't a gym. No pumping. Speaking of pumping there've been some allegations that you have. Oh, that's a straight half of where you tread small report demand. Well, there have been reports that you have straight in your mind. Straight. You straight. It's onion dip call. It's very nice. Thank you. I'm going to pump up sacramental is the governor. I will be the best governor of California since you would Humphrey. Here were Humphrey who was never the governor of California. Exactly. It's onion dip call. It's a trouble. One at five, sixty WQM. He's not going to win by the way. He's not going to win. I beg your pardon. Jerry Coleman. Jerry Coleman's going to win. And all of California will be suffering from strokes. That heat strokes. That you're regular. Different strokes. Here's the fact that says if you're going to put loosey on, I loosey ought to be doing great. I mean I realize we put around light and I apologize for that. I'm going to say, she'll catch up. She's only got one eye. I mean, she's only got the three votes. Come on, Lucy. Then it says you have to include Gracie Allen. What kind of put Gracie? Well, not there. It says her sense of comedic timing may lucid look like a beginner. I mean, greatest entertainer means could be on one show. I mean, was Gracie, I guess she was in a movies with, now, if George Burns, if we were going to put George Burns on there, I'd say that's a possibility. All right. He was on TV. He was a pioneer. He was in a movies. He was in, he played God. There we go. No. What do you say, George Burns? Absolutely. There you go. Let's get him on there. George Burns in Gracie fries. It says speaking great old times. What about Red Skull? Well, somebody beats you to it. Thank you very much. Gracie Allen was good. I'm not down in that. She was great and very, very amusing. But what about Ronnie Allen? Remember him? No. He was adopted. And you think Jack Benny was well, I don't want to get him back. Rochester knows. What about Murray Livingston? Who was the announcer on that show? The big fact guy, Don Pardo. Don Neo Corleoni. I look coming to me. 567.0560. On a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. I can name 7 with the Schuphal Oil Program. We do oil for food programs. But recently, it's really sad because I'm half-three days of really when the UN has stepped up its efforts here. And I mean hiring people for cleaning operations. See, this is what really is sick about this among many other things. But the UN is there like to give humanitarian aid and dispense the food and help cleaning up the country and put the pieces back together. And so they go and blow up the UN bill. Yeah, well, that's what you say. We know that they're really there as an arm of the American government. I see. Oh, and another bad piece of news for Toronto is if we haven't had bad enough with stars and West Nile and Mad Cow and Blackout, everything else. Now we got some clown here as suggesting that they move the headquarters of the UN from New York to Toronto, to which we say no thing. No, have a little pasto. Have it. Nice gesture, but no thanks. Take it. Here's Val Harbor Hill. Yes, I'm calling about the poll. The story is you mentioned Nile about the three year old. That's a fine example. Nile or what you will be able to never be able to move forward in this country. People that are bothered by three year old child. Three year old girl will know Kappa. Is it? New, my poll will be a change, my name. Yeah. I don't feel aware, but after they found Mr. Bono in the tree accident, he was found on the sunny side up. My bad. Give it about a two and a half on a scale of ten up. That's cute. Let's take it. What do you say, teaching bond? Keep my five six seven, five, sixty. And you don't speak about that. You know who we left off this poll so far? Is that a little bit? I'm going to actually the Latin American. She's a Latino. She don't qualify. No. Or didn't she ever become like an American? I have no idea. Come on, see there you go right right away. Spontan off about your crap. We better check this out. Bob Hope was born in London with the almost disintera life in USA. She took was an American. Jesus was an American. That's what the Mormon say. Elvis 38. Joe Smith, man. You think that somebody like all of those powers would come up with a more creative name than Joseph Smith? I mean, Jesus El Cristo, our whatever hell is name one. And then his brother there, what was his name Jimmy Christ? Elvis, pressly 38. Bob Hope 37. Johnny Carson 29. Frank Sinatra 22. Groucho 18. You bet your life. George Femin. Remember who's the answer on at you bet your life? No. Do you remember when the duck would come down with a word or the duck? I don't know the answer is name them. Don Wilson. That was yet just came to me. I'm going to tell you something for an old fart like me. I'm a sharp as a guy damn marble. I mean, it's just amazing. Me, Don Wilson. There is a one person out of a min even. I'm a little a vocal briner. Didn't know from Don Wilson. Okay. I'm sure he's driving into a tree right there. I can't believe it. My mind the stuff that's caught inside. If I could just get like a little a brain vacuum cleaner to suck out all the garbage, the wasteful crap, all of that stuff about Gordon Fraser, Jr. and Martin and Corey and Don Naphamury went and doubt suck it out. I keep saying that but they run away. Groucho 18. Steve Martin 17. Jack Eglison 14. Madonna's got seven. Sammy Davis, who near has five. Get the honey who near. Lucille Ball five. Steve Allen four. Milton Burrell, three Uncle Milton. How can known Burrell only have three. He was Mr. Television. Not before any of these people were born. Did he die? Did he die? I'm not sure. No, he did die. Somebody will expect that for us. It's got to win those things now, is he busy? He don't know from computers. What? How hard is it to do a search on a computer for whatever now we're searching for for Milton Burrell? It is so hard. Shares got three Charlie Chaplin, three Al Jolson, two Liberace two, but about George Liberace. Marlon Brando's got one and no votes yet for Harry Houdini, Betty Davis, Oprah, George Burr, no, no, I don't want Gracie Allen on it. See, this is I run this problem all the time. For example, there was a poll I did last week about the worst TV regular TV series and I look on the story got on the RSC I remember mama. I never said I remember mama was a bad show. I was just talking about ancient shows then only I would remember. Okay. And if we even whisper something all of a sudden it's like that pops up on a poll because Eric is trying to be you're trying a little bit too hard. Okay. Like the seed said your pushing to art. Get Gracie Allen off of that poll please. Okay. No, that's a dead it. Milton Burrell, dead it 93. What year? When did you cover years ago? Doesn't say it. It doesn't say what a crappy news article was the first one that came up and what a piece of crap. It doesn't say when he died. It's got to be with the last couple of years because I remember him commenting what all these other old fossils would die. Remember they always would go to Oklahoma, and he had some crusty old thing to say, you know. He looked ancient but boy Bob Hope looked like Methuselot on a bad day for a long time. Sorry, this is all for the best. But thanks for the memories Bob, you sucked. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, D. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I need a warrior. Great. I want to get making a video. We're not talking about the comments you were earlier make. If there was, where is the main main press regarding the statement that Bush has made so far? Every statement he has made so far as far as the WMD as far as the aluminum tubes, the mobile camera. What kind of tubes? You know the aluminum tube that he was being used for. I didn't, you know, he just said aluminum and it was very amusing to waste out the first. Oh, wait, wait, wait, hang out a second. No, go away. Hang on. All nations of the world face the challenge in a choice. By attempting to spread chaos and fear, these killers will not determine their future of arranging our will. Across the world they're finding that. He must be a doggy downers to these talking so slow. We don't have time. Go ahead sir. I'm sorry. I apologize for interrupting with his propaganda. Yeah, it is exactly what it is so far what has Bush has done. He's basically ruled by fear. I've always done. Right. I'm not just a little rivet. I'm giving you a break. I'm dealing with more on the president than the which I didn't like. He just had a little anyone knows whatever. And besides the impeach him. You're not going to win. You mean like Pecker Dillard. You talk about a person sworing to uphold the Constitution of United States. Yeah. And he hasn't done so. He has lied. He has used information just to get to the point that he wants to and stick it down everybody through. This is a bunch of who he, right? And look at look at our own press. Miami Harold. I mean there is no news in the world right now that front page of today's paper is about the secrets of the boss and oh my god are you serial? I swear. Look at Miami Harold some page. You have some. Yeah. So is it that I didn't react? Yeah. We have some not in a naughty start. It's snifering people. Right. We have a lot of blackout. And we have no sense that we need to get Chief Moose back on the case there. I know he's in Maryland. But let's get him over there. West Virginia. It's not that far away. Yeah. We have the moosey man out. We have the Taylor for the dolphin at the front page of Miami Harold that she charges eight dollars a pass. No, I was at Jason Taylor. Have a great day. Omega. Calm down. Take to a calming the more. He was good. He was actually a great out of you. It was great. Oh wait. I know who is the guy from the U.N. who might actually say something about the succession at the end of the four months or whether it has to be something. There's nothing to say. So we'll have to leave. But you know the sun there's on the CBC that I put in Boucher on it. I put in like somebody from the U.N. who actually has something to say. Why should I put a sentence together? I think that the person out of put a sentence to go like about 10 to 20 would be good. Uncle Milton. Yes. That marks 28 of last year. See I told you it was just very recent. It's hard keeping track when all these are fossils die. It's very difficult. All of you are so many of them and they come and come and clusters. It Gregory Peck and Kate Hepburn and all these people like, you know, before you go to bed and then you wake up in the morning. A whole bunch of nice people are dead. Here's a fact that says, I have a couple of four. You Charlie Chaplin didn't we already put him on or he has? Then he then he terio and then he hill. This must be from earth Griffin. P.S. real layman real layman's for you. Iraq is like a hornet's nest either remove it outright in its entirety or do what Bush and his cronies did hit it with a stick. What? Guess what we have now. It says a bunch of pissed something. What does that say? Watch out for revenge it says. Okay. Whatever you say. I want to. There's an article by the way in the Guardian today. The British paper. The headlines says U.S. troops crazy in killing your cameraman. Yeah. Journalists who were with a writer's news cameraman shot dead by U.S. troops while filming outside of Baghdad prison yesterday. A accused of soldiers of behaving in a crazy and negligent fashion. They claimed the Americans had spotted the writers crew outside the jail half an hour before Mason Dana was killed and must have released that he was not a guerilla carrying a rocket propelled grenade launcher. The chief executive of Reuters Tom Glosier said the latest death is hard to bear. That's why I'm calling on the highest levels of U.S. government for a full and comprehensive investigation of this terrible tragedy. Dana 43 is the second word as Camerand to be killed since he went to court and evaded Iraq. His death brought to 17th of November of journalist or their assistance who died in Iraq since the war began March 20. The journalist was killed on Sunday when soldiers in two tanks opened fire while he was filming near Abu Ghairab prison which had earlier come out of order attack. The U.S. Army which has launched investigation claimed that soldiers thought his camera was a weapon but colleagues who were with the award-winning cameraman when he was killed told a different story. And you can read all about it as they used to say. Remember a little read all about it? They said that in Canada. Read all about it. But at any rate, it's on our website headline U.S. troops crazy and killing encamerman. For up 13 at 560 W to QM if he needs to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free, fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition, any location for any reason. You need to set your house fast as your house needs a new roof flooring any other repairs. Don't throw money away and cost the repair stop and call Rod today, toll free at 1 866-785 fast real obligation hassle free offer. At fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems. You have a vacant house. Maybe you're tired of dealing with a problem tenant. Maybe you're going through a nasty smelly rotten divorce. Call fast cash home buyers. Are you one, two or three payments behind? And here did a property that you don't want fast cash home buyers can help. So call Rod today at 1 866-785 fast FAST and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind. Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today. You won't have to pay any real estate commissions either. So call Rod at 1 866-785 fast FAST for a hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers solve your house problem. My life can live. This is 420560. It's day by every town. At 566-785. Are you confused? Lonely, ripped into life without correction. Then I want to talk to you about an exciting career as an episcopal bishop. You see the flashy hat and robe are just the beginning. There's the glitz glamour plenty of TV coverage and a personally autographed 8 by 10 of RB Firesteen with every archdiocese. Commandment, management. We think of the more is a suggestion. I mean 10 commandments are 5. Maybe you can bad 300. It's fine with us. Catchings an option too. Oh, go. Or if you're into this weak science of boxing you can always think of the bishop. Now if you're thinking hey I'm not a fiscal. How can I be a bishop? Don't worry. We have two bishops so they're Muslim. 580s. At a Buddhist bishop that let you rub his belly for good luck before you play bingo down in Saint Blitoy's. Join us. The few that proud the Colica Ward needed. Get pistol bishops. There's a good poll question for one of these days like maybe tomorrow. That can't be a smoth much. You're a piscobal bishop from New Hampshire and bishop. Oh, I'm thinking about these polls because I mentioned you before to show I mean it's a real challenge to come up with a I mean we repeat some Muslim great while you know right. It's generally speaking day after day after day something new and different and innovative. I'm thinking right in line with this thing about the greatest entertainer. How about some offshoots of it? Like who is the greatest fat American entertainer of all time? Who is the greatest short American entertainer of all time? We got to set up parameters like weight and height. Like if you're below the line, really super ugly American entertainer of all time. Well you give me an idea of the smoth. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, and you're be rating me about the awful sequel poll and the wording of it. Well the concept was good but the poll the was word and poor. Now I got one that we haven't done that I'm going to work on tomorrow. What is it? And building which movies do you have build it? You are such a hypocrite man. It's scary. It's scary. It's scary. Which movie do you wish they made a sequel to? Oh, and I like that. That's a good poll. Because some are like Magnaugia. There you go. Exactly. Because you were bitching about the fact that it ends in your sitting area. The first one online at the movies if they do. And another one's there. Kind of open ended like it could have. There could be something else after it. Or you just wish there was more of it. Like another adventure of this one or that one. Right. Like a command O'Cody. Boy, it's a two-bed you don't have that movie or something. See, I never because it's so is about a hundred years ago. I never realized that Jean-Opfey show. Because I always thought that Jean-Opfey just is a cowboy. Right. But he show is more like a science fiction show. Okay. Are you aware of that? Well, no. I mean, I'm talking about his not his radio show, but his serial, the serial that he was in the movies. Right. Never saw him. The chapter plays is what your name would say. Kathy Baits. And any right. Hey, I'm about to... Roger's what he's saying for our list. Oh boy. Oh, there are the greatest cowboy here all of all time. As we continue, we should be right in these down at the Arnold. Any Arnold was a singer. Any Arnold was a singing cowboy. Oh, he will be Donald Hokes on. He was a straight shooter. Oh, speaking of straight shooters, Tom, uh, what not Tom Byron. What else is in Peter North? Just her nine. Oh. Any still shooting at Squirt Squirt. Straight as an arrow. Oh, not, don't have the distance he used to have. Huh? I guess that happens to the best of his things. Oh, seriously, Peter North is still making porno. Well, he's got to be in his mid 50. Well, early to mid 50. Is okay. Whatever. Yeah, more power tool. More power tool him. Here's a call from Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Chie, Clint Eastwood. Clint Eastwood is a good choice. I like that. He's made about 30,000 movies. And Reds Kelt and he's said to end of his show. Hey, God bless. Work out bless. Very good. Thanks a lot, Pally. Clint Eastwood is a good choice, right? Right. Made just this month. He made a bunch of movies. I turned him in. Right. He was on old TV. He was. Was any on raw hide? Clint Eastwood has a raw hide. Have you seen his face lately? Oh, yeah. It's pretty raw. And his voice too. Now, you know, I see pearls between him and Farell, you know? Because you wonder, now we know in Farell's case that he talks the same way off the ear that he does in the audience. Yeah. Yeah. That's his voice. Yeah. But with Clint Eastwood, it sounds like he's like one of those guys like Jack Cuckerman. Of course, Jack Cuckerman's got an excuse he had the throat cancer, whatever. I had like his whole voice box. But with like Clint Eastwood does he really speak that way? Yeah, someone on press conference once during the whole big divorce thing that was going on. Come on. What Steve Thomas does he really walk that way? And five six seven. Oh, five six. The I love aerosmith man. I don't care what anybody says. I love aerosmith. The pieces. They're great. When we did that pull on a greatest the In fact, the greatest American entertainer of what's 20th century Steve Tyler. All right. Let me ask you that seriously because I know this isn't popular, but let me just ask you. Put you on a spot. Who do you think was the greater entertainer Elvis Presley or Steve Tyler? No contest Steve Tyler. Okay. Put the Steve Tyler on her. Even if he wasn't in any cheese ball movies. He said that they sang the thing for several movies. Right couple. Right. Right. Aerosmith. Maybe we get Steve Tyler on their right away. Eric Or else. I see Lucy's moving up there like and look who else is moving up there. Groucho. Right. I know he was Steve. Steve. This is a It's a chronologically challenged pull over doing today because if you're you've got to be over the age of 90 to know who most of these people were. I mean, to really have an intimate knowledge of what they, you know, it's one thing. So I heard about Lucy, you're right. I heard about but that doesn't mean anything. But when you grow up watching like Johnny Carson under the night show, which I have no use for him at all, but I mean most people do. Or whoever. Then then you like, you know, I'll say another good one that we won't put on there because he won't get any votes. Was Jack par. Okay. Pioneer. He was he really. I'm trying to think of the chronology. More answer to name was first in Steve Allen and Jack par on the night show. But he kind of like perfected the whole deal with the with the guests in the the sofa and the whole thing. The way. The the genre exactly. Jack par. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got our horse race here. Elvis 47 Bob Hope 45. The greatest American entertainer of the 20th century. That's American no more suggestions for Vinny Hill please. Or Vinny Hanna. Johnny Carson 36 he's still in a running. Ground show is moving up there 27 not bad for an old guy. Franks and after 26 Steve Martin 19. Your favorite dead celebrity. There's another good pull for us. See we'll never remember these but don't you think that's a good one? Sure. What? Steve Martin 19. We're 17 Lucy 11 Lucy. Lucy. There is nothing else that I can remember him ever saying. Oh then Bob I'll do I remember that but he was singing that. Oh come on he's got so many cliches. Such as took off some spawning to do. Oh yeah it took us on a spleen to do. There was that one. I'll tell you one thing he was no Cecil Cruz. No matter how much you beg me I'm not going to put you in the show. And a show. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah there's another one. I was all I was all a big put on. Right. It was all act. He was I mean I'm not saying he was like very articulate. I have no idea what he really sounded like a spaghetti in ways but he was there a great businessman. He was the brains behind that whole deal. Right invented the whole layout of the set so that it could be behind that bit. This is busy Louis. We were busy Louis. We were sure was kind to Bob I'll do it. Is that 80. I'm serious man. She's got me one over I've hated them. I've seen that in the show. I hear that my hit him. I'm asleep I wake up at a morning. I'm hearing. Is that 80. I can't walk on me. No. Have you even played it out yet? Played you mean to myself? That's song yeah. Is that 80. Is that 80. Is that 80. It's a boom. If you want to know how it's going to be. Yeah. What? It goes just loses. He just cranking. It gets shriller and shriller. A lot of it would. You know in other words like the first part. Is that 80? That's it. That's all you need. So I think I'm doing the right thing with that. That's all you need. Any more is overkill. The point of expression. 26 past noon we're having a wonderful time here in the middle of the dog days. It's one of those things. We realize there's nobody out there and we're doing the best we can under very difficult circumstances which is why we're making up all these accord ball polls. Who was the worst short fat fanty? That was a good record short fat fanty by Larry Williams on at cod. Was it at co? Was that a thing? Am I your pardon? Short fat fanty? No, not sure a big fanty. Can you imagine the size of his life? I don't want to think about it. Random middle of the show. They're girlfriend. No. What's his name? Clarence wants to go there. Must have returned to the scene of the... Slime. 27 afternoon at 5.60 QM Joe Rose for the mad dog at 2. We got Joe's a gacky at Shulos at 4 which is, you know. Can you imagine going and watching Joey? Old penis face. Hey, you know when the time comes to have your carpet's clean the name you ought to be thinking about of courses dry concepts. I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else for over in fact just a few weeks ago. They claim my carpet's in the house and they'd be poor. I'm getting back is that they look just like grand when they always do. They do as to pen to establishes why drunk concepts are still around after all these years. The number one carpet cleaning in the world because of the only ones who actually dry clean your carpets with suck out the deep down dirt in the fibers and make them look just like brand new. They dry a couple of hours. They smell lemony fresh and it's a mahaya on your floor. And right now, dry concepts are for you and opportunity to say 15% on next carpet cleaning. This called dry concepts toll free 1-800-248-5071 and has to be put on their stand by list. Then dry concepts will call you next time to get an opening in your schedule. Just like Swarancet, you'll call them next time she has a big opening. It's just like when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening they'll mark 15% off the price. So called dry concepts 2 day has to be put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for you the day that's you call and you'll get 15% still off the price of the job. So call them toll free today for non-beatable job and offer get to give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the works you didn't have to worry about repulsor scams or any of that crap. Called dry concepts in 1-800-248-5071 be sure and tell them that it will be a 30-2-2-2-2-2-2-4-8-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcets.com. Now hold your hand, last fruant fire so you must be close to that. And here's the bread рокed huge slice as well. I'll call them loaded yesterday Iraq was among those wounded in the blast, which caused one side of the canal hotel to collapse trapping him and others in the rubble. The bombing continues recent pattern of attacks on non-military targets in Iraq over the weekend. Oil water and electricity lines were attacked by what coal is in spokesman called Sabaturs, and earlier this month, the car bomber spoke outside the Jordanian embassy and bag that leaving 10 people dead there. Here's a fact that says, quote today's poll, this entertainer, Victor Borgon, a no matter where you were from or what line would you spoke? He died you? He died you? What does that mean? He died you? I don't think so. He was good. He was frustrating too because it was a great penis. He was threatened to play it again. He wouldn't play. He never went into the play. He'd say, play a couple of notes, and he'd like to stop and start the screwing around again. It says, P.S. Micriteries replacement, Greg Boudell, and Don Agony. Good time! For the great taste. Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Well, it was that nice noodles to take all that time out from his hood because it must have taken a lot of time to film that movie with seven and a half hours long. Noodles. Noodles. Now the great movie, honey, underrated. Let's get back to those movie polls. What do you say? Come on. Look at that Bob Hopen Elvis. We can't separate him. It's a dead heat right now. Like I said, nose to nose. The greatest American entertainer of the 20th century Bob Hopen, see if he wouldn't have just croaked he wouldn't have ten votes. Right. It's the sympathy vote. Bob Hopen 49, Elvis 49. Johnny Carson 37, but he's still alive. Grouxel March 29, Frank Sinatra 29, so of the top five for him are dead. Steve Martin, 19, still alive last time we checked. Jackie Greason 19, still dead. Lucy 12, still dead. And then it's a single digits after that. Milton Burlesle got four. That's to me is amazing. He sure was a snappy dresser though. Right. And a big old hat. I'm talking about the drag queen stuff. Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, and a course don't forget to head the according to legend, the largest penis in Hollywood. Even bigger than Warren Vady, even bigger than James Woods. James's wood, he's got wood. Here's the pepper pines, hello. Neil? Yes sir. I like to throw one out here. Throw one right out of the house. Okay, he's dying. He danced. He was a comedian, movies, and TV. Eddie Canter. Danny K. Danny K was a pretty prominent guy. Oh yeah. Yeah, we'll put him on here. Get a lot of things. Yeah, that's what I hear. Gay. That's a lot of power. But we get more to the revolving door. Well, we can only hope. That's a good line. Danny K is not bad. I'll see who was it. The sororence or livié and Danny K. I don't know. Start with all the anyone knows. Okay. Why? But what do I know about that? You don't know anything about either one of them because you're going to say they're gay. That's the rumor. That wasn't him. There were a couple of those books. Hollywood, Babylon, is that all we would have wanted is one right. Right. And Hollywood confidential if I'm not mistaken. But there were a lot of, let's call them bisexual, uh, sure. There's a lot of this is not going to happen. That's wrong with that. That's it. Go seriously. Like who else was alleged? You can only talk about dead people. Of course, uh, arrow Flynn. Sure. Kary Grant. Okay. K Ballard. K. Steven. K. Pasa USA. Is that a good idea? What's coming up? Oh, she just, she's a, I'm telling you. She makes life worth living that's say they're crudes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We got a real horse race going here. And he's toward. It's Flynn on there. Did we actually get these other ones on there? He probably won't get any votes. He's not on there yet. I don't see Steve Tyler's under. He also doesn't have any votes along with Betty Davis and George Burns. Steve Tyler better get a hoder to what's there there right now. I mean, he could put Elvis under the table. Vote for him when you get home. Here's a call for Miami Beach. Hello. From where? It says Miami Beach. No, I'm from North Miami. Here's North Miami, like I said. Okay, Neil, I have, uh, close enough. I have three fair things. In the movie, Godfather. What was the Godfather's birthday? What was his birthday? His birthday. I have no idea. Tom said it after Michael joined the Marines. He sent us seven. I'll be there. Now, number two. Well, let me tell you something. Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike. Yes. Charles Johnson is net death. They said he only has a few days to live in. 81 years old. Charles Johnson is going to be the next one to go. I was on CNN. I, I seen the stream ago by. I'll be there. And guess who else is already? Book of brush. He's with the fish. Right. That's right. Number three, uh, like a one time out, Joseph was the, uh, world's greatest pentatina. Right. So maybe you could just add him there for a week. He's on the list. Oh, he's on the list. Oh, he's on the list. Let me see if he's got any votes. I don't think he's got any votes. Let's see. He's got two. But it's only old-farts like us who were out there. That's what you're mom. One time like in the, uh, in the 40s, he was the greatest things in flight spread. I don't have to check with her. I know that. He was, uh, gigantic. Right. Well, okay. Thanks a lot, Paul. All right, no. See, uh, Al Julesn again, it's, say, this is a byproduct of the age of the, of people who were voting if we were like in Xury, after Kevin. Oh, speaking of, uh, comedians. They're the enemies of every nation that seeks to help the Iraqi people. Right. 297 votes on a poll as we continue building and building and building and building. Who is the best? Who is the greatest American entertainer with a mustache? Absolutely, a might event. It's an 80. Thank you. I mean, I'm don't. Then she had like a mustache. Yeah, but she still wasn't American. She was one of those mustache pizza. So anyway, it was about to give you the total from yesterday. You know, I guess what I just wrote down here. Total. Just like it connection again, best of Neil. I would because I haven't mentioned it yet today. Right. 3620. That's pretty lame. Yeah. Pretty weak. Somebody says, Jean Kelly, what do you say? Oh, no. We're going to put Jean Kelly and go to put a friend of stare and ginger. Rogers and Neil Rogers. Come on. About Bing. Bing, cross me. Uh, I think he deserves to be on there. Yeah. I'm quoting artists. I mean, if Bob hope and they made all those corny movies together, but if Bob hope deserves to be on there, why not Bing, cross me? He certainly did one thing that not that he did well. He sang. He was in a lot of movies like to blow up with Grace Kelly. Remember that? Sure. That was that the name of the movie was at high hopes. So high hopes was, huh? I don't know. Why not? Old movie. Grace Kelly? Yeah. You should know Grace Kelly inside or not. I would like to have. I'll bet you would. Hey, oh, Grace. Don't get behind a wheel, whatever you do. And then I saw the bio over on a biography channel a few weeks ago and they said that she had like a glass eye. No, no, no, no, no, no. Not a diabetic, like some kind of a blackout. Was he was raring it with the reason for the wreck. She had like a momentary blackout. Maybe from like one. Could have been it. Maybe she had like a brain. What was it? Anomely. She had the maybe she filled her crankcase with an amally. And instead of putting it in the crankcase, she might have like spilled some out of windshield. Do you think that could be it? See, the artist has no idea what we're talking about. And that would probably just as well. Well, let's let sleeping dogs lie. Because when I heard you yesterday say that Carlos was training Scott's junior there. I just, I just about jumped off my balcony. I just about started praying for another blackout. Let me tell you folks, if you've never lived your power blackout, don't. That's my best advice that you don't want to do it. 13 hours from 4.15 on Thursday till 5.19 on Friday morning. All these hurricane Andrew people are listening to you right now going, yeah. Blackout plays on I understand I have full sympathy for anybody that's ever had to survive through that about blackout and your roof is gone. Right. And it's pouring down rain and you're like, you know, a string of water and the looters are coming at. Well, I'm not saying this is the worst thing, but it ain't fun. And when you realize how vulnerable we are and how simple a wasp is, they really did pull this off or if we just because of total incompetence, which is just as possible. And what does that tell you? Well, let's continue spending a whole man's security here's 28 billion, you know. But for any other kind of crap for star wars, for tax cuts for the rich, trillion dollars, no, we have endless amounts of money for crap. But when it comes to really taking care of the American public screw it, okay, and a public sits back going, move, move, move, move like that, you know, I love eating nuts. Exactly. Well, not that you mentioned it. 1242 at 560 WQM announcing a 2003 Neil Deo blowout sale and is going on right now. As you hear the sound of my voice at HELLO PANDIACGMC, get the lowest prices in the universe from Tom Lemon and Joe Priet Argoode, close personal pyzons. Neil Deo number one, get 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 PANDIAC or GMC in stock. Neil Deo number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every $2,000 GMC in PANDIAC in stock. Are you current in former military personnel that continue to make this offer to you? You can get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at HELLO DRIED NOW. And if you buy a 2003 PANDIAC sonfari, you can get it for only $11,998 or get you a full size Sierra for only $15,998. Hurry in right now though because inventory is our limited. At HELLO DRIED you can still test drive any vehicle on lock for 24 hours. Take it home, take it to work, take it to the station tomorrow so you can make sure not to miss that big meeting about sexual harassment. And of course HELLO DRIED is always who got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. And if you're worried about having a little bit of a marginal credit problem, maybe have a few bad marks on your credit record, it's no problem at HELLO DRIED because they want to make you a deal. HELLO PANDIAC GMC they're in the same great spot they've been doing spectacular unbeatable deals. For over 35 years they're one of the real pioneers of South Florida. They're at 134-01 South Dixie Highway that's US-1 across in the falls open every day. 7 days a week. You're more in for one these deal deals call the hotline tool free. 1-3-8-5-3-4-42-11. That's 1-3-8-5-3-4-42-11-no-for-get. All-neal deals have been decredited to provostier friends in HELLO DRIED tails. ThisЬ National Police Mail Rodgers. 9-8-8-47-1-10-12-36-Everyday. 2-6-16-12-95-cont doivent in Seattle Blood. the lawn. I wish there was an easy way to do both. Well, now there is. Introducing the homo, the all new gardening machine that both hosts and modes. Here's what people are saying about the homo. I used to spend hours outside and a hot sun with sweat glistening on my muscular chest and legs, but then I realized I need a homo. I was but there's never spent any time inside with me. That's when I knew he was homo material. The homo can pound a trench through the mud and trim your lawn and suck the clippings like you wouldn't believe. I told my husband our neighbor was getting busy with a big old tool. So I looked out the window and said, it's Gattabia homo. We never thought we'd see a homo around here. The homo works great all over your property in the front yard or in the rear and it looks great. Well, that's one good looking homo. There's never been a better time to join the happy homo crowd and with special factory incentives. Your homo dealer will bend over forwards to satisfy you. Wow. I'm just sure isn't up to far. No homo. No family is complete without one. Confordy seven or two. Confordy seven and five six to WDQ and I don't forget to go to neorargers.com and get your best meal. See these 2002 2003 and your mowhower David. Absolutely. Key chains. There you go. With some of the best of mowh which ain't easy to find. Five six seven or five six now. Let me just ask you one other thing too because we're almost at one o'clock. You have got that big one to two hour. How is that working out? Have a gotten them yet. Having gotten one. The key chains. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about the big one to two hour about the effective we're copying out and we're like, you know, take it easy way. I'm going to admit it. Yeah. I'm going to admit it. Yeah. I'm going to admit it. I mean, as the audience away at any complaints about that, our people say it's too much. That we will mind the Wednesdays but doing it every day during the summer. Of course, this is the last week for that. Right? Oh. Oh. Yeah. I'm zipping a chunk out of my heart. Well, what do you care? You're not going to be doing the show next week. So what tell do you care? Because it's nice. It's pleasant. No, only only Wednesdays starting this week. I mean, you know, this monkey business is fine. Fake in a way through the summer. But starting this week, we have to get back to doing like a real show. I mean, I have no shame. I mean, I work on the stations. Obviously, I have no shame. But I mean, the fact of the matter is that it's just an easier way. You don't have to like beg for calls. And you don't have to go. We realize we're dealing with like a small deck deck. Whatever else goes with it. And then just the way it is. So it's worked out fine. I'm just wondering if anybody's busy in the morning. Nope. Well, that's good. Anyway, after his death, immediately proclaimed Bob Hope, the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century, who do you think it was? Old timers and young timers. Bob Hope, 53. And you notice nobody's calling it so well. What about Jerry Seinfeld or what about, you know, anybody else was on like in the last few years? What about Rosa Ann Bar, who just said is one show cancel and the other ones on the VERSI ABC show? Good news. Elvis Presley 52, the King just can't catch Bob Hope will continue leading by those. Johnny Carson 37 Franks and after 33, Groucho Marv 32, Jack Eglison 23, Steve Martin 20, and that's how he did do very well. Yes, you did. Lucy, Lucy, Lucy of all 14, late in the mission, but she's climbing up the chart. And then after that, it's single digits. The Steve Colahson is got a pair. Steve Colahson has got a pair. And big lips to go with him. Well, that was the sound of what's his name? The Beast. Passing gas. Deeper than that. Here's a call for Miami, hello. Bob, you're the Bobby. What was it? What do you say? I don't know. We can't even understand. He's got the socks so tight over his phone now or over whatever he's talking to, that you can't even understand it. The mumbler. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Sorry, just how much somebody would last. I and we not talked about Sammy Davis, you know. Yes, we have. He's on the list. He's got sir. He's got sir. He's got sir. No, he's got six votes. He was a late edition, but he's doing well. He's a climbing up the chart. Oh, no. Yeah. Hey, Dale, from the new CD that you got coming up, we have that all you need to grow things on. No, that's not that's on. That's on one of the first of all. Did we put it out of our harbor? Because it's not ours and we didn't know. It's just still Henry things. So, I was so everybody that I should have been a sales pilot. I wanted to find him on the go. Yeah, he's got it on his stuff. So maybe he could go to his website. I think about a hundred bucks. You can actually log out of his website. Oh, right. And then 500, another hundred you can get the CD. Okay. Thank you. And then for 500. Are you sure you might mention your name on here? 560 5060, pound 560 on the AT and C and Verizon Wireless line. That was a good idea. The guy had before they're about making a list of the abits that run here and putting it on a wax. Yeah, I'll make it. I've been checking it twice within two minutes of that call. I facts the to Eric. Right, the list. I'll tell you we're going to stay within two minutes of that. He had it on a it wasn't even great. He had me for all a crap that we give him any deserves all of it. But he has really filled the breads since we've been in, of course. And for me, it's easy. Because now I just email him the story easy to relate it night early in the morning. And then like when we had the thing at the UN building in what you call it in a bag that day. Yeah, I just email a toolman, but up thing. It's right on it. And he actually is there. And he, I don't have to like keep emailing it or fact, sing over and over again. He doesn't have any stories about how he, you know, the dog just grabbed on the floor and had wild ria. And he was out to give me a brain. We adjusted and he took a lot of like well and stuff like that. You sure know how to find him, George. But yeah. Here's a call from Oakland Park, hello. Yeah, sir. On time listeners. Excellent. All right. I'm worried about units in the Andy. That was a person. No, one person online. Yeah, David. I'm about famous Amos are like his cookies. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for all of our great team. Famous Amos. Well, so the guys, it's his first call. And he's a new don't be knocking a gun. Always knocking everybody. That's what I hate you like poison. Be nice like me, you know. Be a nice prick like me. You know, just rip it when asked after you hang up on him. Now we can. Okay, so I'll be an exactly why not. When you make this kind of money for being an asshole, what's wrong with that? 567.0560. We got only a few minutes in. It's our gigantic comedy bit one or two hours. Like I said, this week. This is the end of all this summer. And let me think, well, we don't have next week's schedule yet, right? Well, that's because parents is busy holding this meat with the square and try to chase down the beast. Worked the beast really loses a lot of weight and gets felt. He'll never catch his ass again. If he gets felt, he'd like to get felt by anything. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Yeah, and two things. Well, I don't know if he got me up diamond on you, but I throw him on here. I can put him on here even though I can't stand him. He makes me sick, but he certainly deserves to be on his list because he's a long Jevity. He's been Vegas for about 100 years and he's all in the place. You're right. Yeah, but I got a comment for you though. I met that reporter that was killed over a rack or wherever was. Yes. You know, all these guys are over there. They all want to be a ravover, is to make a name from so fiction even be there. You know, we should have no news coming out of our rack. Oh, no, we should have news coming out there, but we just got too many them over here. They're going for the sensationalism of all. The first of all, he's just a tiger for. Okay. Yeah, yeah, we need a camera. I don't know too many people could kill with a camera. Well, if you've got one of those scopes on it, you know, yeah. Okay. Thanks for your thanks for your and give a give a友 president a nice kiss for us. Okay. Kiss on my wall. Kiss the vice president on the balls, but I'm not not going to argue with him because he's one of these people who are rationalized anything to make a certain political point. So what's the point? You know, he's entitled to be a bootman. Some people like Huydock and some people like Booch and some people are too Booch. Like, is that a? Oh, I can't wait to take people are too Booch. I'll start playing that crap again. Tell them all. Oh, and you know what I never, I'm so glad you play that you want to know why? Because you're a mind to me. I didn't play this yet today. You something? You're more full, but a layman to the ball. Sorry. I don't understand. Cutty say, hey, oh, Sturdis. I speak your. Oh, good. He said that he's in great pain and you want to know if you can help me. All right. What you tell him to just relax and I'll be back as soon as I can with some medicine. So I say England's blood. She's going to catch up and you be bad. I didn't answer. What if he has big mama mama in the ways? No, don't do that. I don't understand. Something went in. Something went in. What was that on that you take it off with? What channel? You asked me that before this girl and I said, was I want to invite many channels? I get that you don't get and I'm saying it again. I don't know. What's in this is a make? I mean, it's not a movie that they don't replay off an airplane, but it sounded censored. I think to remember more words in that that I heard this time. Really? Yeah. Some I don't say on the air. Oh, I have to go check the original tape to make. I'll be in. How about Barbara Billingsley? How about Tony Dow? How about Jerry Madder's? Huh? He doesn't matter. Everybody around the country is always talking about the diver. I have Barbara Billingsley. Bocella and she was great. In fact, everybody was in a movie. It's another one. Just like Magnolia. Every version in that movie from what's his name, which I always call him James Ernest Peter Graves. Right. Korean. And Korean was it. You remember the part where they pulled Korean out of the seat and he had his basketball shorts. There were so many little things they had to look for in there was a phenomenal. And then of course, what's his name? Markham. My good Canadian friend Leslie Nielsen. How about Leslie Nielsen? Right. He's North American. He's not American. He's Canadian. Well, that's right. You see, we have to leave all these Canadian people out there. Important people like, you know, Anne Marie, Monty Hall, Alex Quebec. Michael Moore? He's not Canadian. No. Who might believe in, I mean, Michael, what's his name? Mike Myers. Right. John Candy. Right. You聽, buddy. Okay. That'll be your pull tomorrow. Dead Canadians. Who is the greatest? 1257 at 560 WQMD. Have kids going back to college and next couple of weeks. Well, if you do, why not give them one of the comforts of home? A new bed from dial a mattress. By calling that easy toll free number 1800 mattress. You could order a new mattress from dial a mattress for your college student and send them up right in their off campus apartments so they get a good night sleep every night and screw their brains out on a really comfortable mattress. When you call 1800 mattress, you can choose from dozens of models from silly, certain tempered, petic, similar king coil at low student prices. And it doesn't matter where the college doleures is headed. If they're staying in South Florida or headed to Philly, Boston, York, Washington, or maybe to East Blanc, Michigan, or Anne Arbor. The bedding experts at dial mattress can make them feel like they're right at home. Get that bed now by calling 1800 mattress. You get service like you dream about from the delivery team right number one customer satisfaction in the whole wide world. They carry only first quality name brand mattresses at discount prices. They have no house brands, no air regularers, no seconds. They don't say to any crap. When you call dial a mattress in one 800 mattress, don't forget. You get to pick today in time or delivery when it's convenient for you or your kids. Within a two hour window, any day seven days a week from 8 to 10 p.m. and from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. to 10 p.m. and we sleep in while on the very first night. With low prices, same day delivery free set up and removal is easy to see. By dial a mattress continues to be ranked number one in customer satisfaction. And also don't forget that everybody gets a student discount at dial a mattress. So pick up your instrument right now and call 1 800 mattress as 1 800 mATT RAS or check them out online at mattress.com. That amount is the easiest possible way for a great night's sleep. Oh my favorite republicans. This is Madras at a time for some skills map learning. It's time once again for the Neil Rages. 1 to 2. It's on a better turn up funnel on the floor in the back of the window full. Quartzwork. And you finally realize with all the full season lights, you're no underneath a prize. And top the day that you have here Mr. Tudgeonalight. The greatest president of the media says of all mankind that is could say at least until these creature all in reach. You've got a just in time. Ladies and gentlemen, the bubbis bufane. 1 2 3 4 5 1 7 Baromi other not a lot of clothes we found our hiding finding back bed. And now that the dead I don't feel even a bit sad. Ladies and things have a so damn sick. Boats about the suns who rose did on the stick they were vapors. Murderers, mud looks and crooks. And now they're just the memory and I reckon his pretty books. In the end they were not like just. I wonder if they finally lost those evil cocky perks. 1 2 3 3 1 Hell broke loose. And upon his end of boots. Big ol' ugly who's face finally died. Within a brother who's safe find his side. I wonder if today he's even tried to save his sons or was he terrified. We find a close to book and that too soon. They were full and hate too soon. We're so now that I'm a hell bounce seven train. Say goodbye to the robbers who saved. I know you're gonna think I'm crazy but I'm telling you I hear something outside. That's just a TV. Don't be so paranoid. I don't think it's a TV. It's the TV. I've been thrown out there with the dog. We're saying the guy is in the send-by-lap. Okay, but I'll go check it out. Check it out. I'm gonna tell him. Run as hell both people. I know. I know. Now be gology who thinks I'm the same. Within a brother who's safe find his son. I wonder if today he's even tried to save his sons or was he terrified. We find a close to book and that too soon. They were full and hate too soon. We're so now that I'm a hell bounce seven train. Say goodbye to the robbers who saved. I don't know what he's waiting here but they're gay. I hope he's in the club. No, I don't think it is. Not me here. Yeah, you know why it's not? Me? Yeah, I've like I've found the green and some like that. Yeah, look at all this. My mouth's mad dad was hot but this is the one where we are. That's the second one. Coming up tonight, uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They were one of the most creative bands of the 80s. But all that goes out the window when you get a song in a John Hughes movie. They were orchestral maneuvers in the dark. Wow. Did you like it in me? Maldory Mald. I think so once maybe. Oh my god! She was so totally my idol. There's just like not one girl that I knew. Who do not want to be Maldory Maldory Maldory? The mugging people inside the behind decided to let an ordinary woman who came of age in the 80s conducting interview with Andy McCluskey of O&D. What you see, we were really influenced by some of the experimental keyboard bands like craftwork to do not want to sleep with Andrew McCurkey. Well I mean if you were a girl, I mean maybe if you were gay. Were you gay? Look, could we talk about the importance of O&D to that whole period? Could we? You were like so lucky to get a song in pretty pink. I bet you thought like wow. I get to meet John Crayer. Yeah, he's overlooked you know. What he was like, hot too. John Crayer was just like as much as the 80s as like Andrew McCurkey was. It's true. What about the music? Oh, I am. Every time I hear the beginning of that song I am like so back there thinking about the movie. Who just asked song anyway? Well you know, no, you mean not really. You know what I mean, you mean, I'm so. Or Kestrel maneuvers in the dark. It's the oldest equation in the music business. Get a song in a movie. Guess your career good bye. It's a big juicy, something like look at show business tonight on Inside of I. New on Bravo. Five straight men worked at Transform, a stylish and cultured game man from fab to drown. It's straight eye for the queer guy. Hi, I'm Neil and you must be the great guy. Yeah, the first thing we got to do is brighten up this dough. Pestel. Yeah, me on beer signs. Ew. Well, I guess you fell as of the expert. Our straight eye for the queer guy team does more than redecorate. They give this game an a fashion makeover from the bottom. Oh, let's stop by getting you out of those clothes. Oh, you see. And into the sweatpants and this t-shirt. Hmm. Who fell earn heart? Is either designer? Then our straight eye for the queer guy experts to their attention to cuisine. Oh, yeah, we like to call it food. Sorry. Say goodbye to the shard name and find new here. Drink this beer and eat this what long hot dog. Rrrr. And second thought. Somebody get him a cheese barg. Straight eye for the queer guy. Only on Bravo because there ought to be at least one straight show on this room through net worth. Oh, never get these f*** beans out of my husband's shard. Ew, now. Introducing you no f*** laundry detergent with scum guard. Let's face it. Human bodily fluids of a toughest stings to remove from valuable undergarments. Whether it's not, but f*** those creations. Blood, even sick. No no f*** attack these tough stains with patented scum guard. For a deep down clean. Try new no f*** today. And if you're not completely satisfied, we'll double your money back. No f*** no f***. Listen, gun guard. This war will never stop you. Listen, jump with all I want to have on. For you to be. Listen, when ever it's been spoken. Seizing from dreams. And everything that I see. Just makes me laugh. For this be the stuff I'm stooped in. Yes, it's the bad bad. Rise, we'll be glad. See, come on, no f***er's off. Just now we'll be, come on, no f***er's off. Oh, never get these f***ers out of my hand. But how am I doing it so? No f***er's off. Oh, never get them out of my hand. But I'm just a small p***er, but I'm just a p***er. So, my dumb man's fucked up, but. Try new things out once the point. Who can blame a myth they knew you'd try. Cause I be valid times with just gets you see. Without a needlebag a premium weave. Well, wait, pay, first. Roach, quescent, a water bottle. Maybe next year during the draft fail. Get changed, sure. Oh, right. When a set of gear at hunt up, Fenders will be selling grass under a cloud. Smaller can, and it won't be a follow-up. All that could not be won, your rest. Take a nod, all that's all. Cause a new y'all mess just won't get high. Stand around and wave at planes in the sky. Slow the pot, slow the pot. Slow the pot, slow the mess, slow the pot. Twine, it came out once the point. Who can blame a myth they knew you'd try. Cause body-valent times mess just gets you seen. Without a needlebag a premium weave. Very good way, games, games, games. Rough ones, match for table shit. Oh, I've got that plain chest like narrow. I narrowed high on acid, tripped on air. Oh, the y'all are mad. Kriamford, 62 votes, the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century, L.V. 63, Bob hoped 58, Bob Sternes sang a little bit. Trenic Carson 41, Frank's not for 37. Groucho 36, Groucho's Red on San Jose's. Jacky Greason 27, Steve Barton 20, Todia. And Lucy, Lucy's Wubbut Upseason double did to season that 19. Good for her. Good for old Lucy, love Lucy. Don't we love Lucy? Chessin. Twelve in a chapter one at five, 60 W.V. Q.M. and how many teniest up in the house we love Brande's shoes, because they've been around a long time. They think could carry you in your feet? Oh, speaking of feet, man, my feet have been killing me. Yeah. And I finally found some stuff that I shmir are my feet, and man, it seemed to help like a miracle. And I'm sitting here on the original L.V. and I move my foot back and I hit, you know, the coaches and the bottom of the chair. Right square in the heel, right on my heel spruce spot. Anyway, exactly. Brande's has been doing a right for over 25 years in town. And they're still going strong. And they'd like to help you put some good stuff on your feet. They've got all the top brands in the business. They've got a rock for it. Echo Mufisto, Timberland, Clark's S.A.S. floor shrime. They've got men's size 65, 15 women's five to 12, and wits from the very, very narrow to the very, very narrow. They've got a rock for it. And wits from the very, very narrow to the very big fat and wide as in platypus type foot. And with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot jogging, mega store, you could be pretty damn sure even by George's life on it. The exact way to style your looking for is in stock right now. This second in the size you're looking for. And of course, their professional sales staff make sure you get a perfect fit every time. And Brande's shoes you'll find them at 12, 90 north federal highway in Pauberto Beach. Brande's is open every day, 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5 and all this week. Is this tag right by the way, first record? All this week, it brande's famous brand Bochuse on sale, all men's and women's styles, 20% off, maybe. Stop and or visit them on a web if you like it. Brande's shoes, that's www.brande's shoes.com. This is for 20 places. 2 a.m. Come any better than the old rock. Don't you bother me while I'm in here. I thought it's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir. You're freaking killing me. No, not. I don't have a Kelly call me every three minutes. Why did we move the protest? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you what you want from this understutting. No sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen up, white. On the ball. I make the decisions you take the heat. You all move the practice. Okay. How are we doing with it anyway? Hold on. We're having a dream of a shot for hell up. I'm on the phone, we must find this. Yes, or what was your question? I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and our Michael Jackson call me every three minutes, I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. We must get it all. Stop it, we must. I'm going to call the star. I'm going to call the star. We must. I'm going to. If what's this in my hand, remiss? That's your penis ball. My other hand, Remis. That's a phone ball. Right, I can't hear anything. It's not flying the floor. Sorry. I did. Sir, sir, the moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. What? And moving it's going flat. Why are we even beating the WB? Barely. Oh my god. Michael Jackson thing was a rating success. Hold on a second. Remis. That's the book. What's our hellie at doing with a harmonica? I'm a little dumb boy. Don't play, Remis. I'll jam the thing down your throat. And get that blue bird away from me. Oh, come on, Remis. I'm allergic. I've done. Sir, over 25 million people saw. Thought I'd buy, sir. Listen. Yeah. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know. I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? Do you see what I'm doing? Do you see what I'm doing? Do they should be quiet all along? I know where my hands up and down. Fly to fly. I'm the puppet master. I said, you do it. Now, Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out on the Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like. I said, I said, I said, I hope that my answer me. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yes, you are. What's our hellie at doing now? Fixing the floor, though. It's nothing wrong with a floor, Raymond. What's this in my ear? That you'll beat his voice. My other ear, Raymond. That's the phone. That's the phone, Raymond. Get out. Go over to work. Get out. I sir. Yes, sir. Kill with me. Kill with me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill with me. Sorry. Kill with me, softly. I'm not a word to give no more. No. I'm all the brim and the fairy tales and the whole floor. I've been taught again for money away. You've got to take your tongue out and cover. I ain't worse than sin and no more. Well, I was a Christian, soldier of God, will leave her home. All the easier. All that time I followed every world of scriptures, written by prayers. Can't you please say he's a powerful gun in an unknown, winning a fine tea wave? Except in 9-11 when he must have been gone on a bus in holiday. Take your gun and shove it through. I ain't nor the worship him no more. Go to your old rack. Get me with him because everybody else is wrong. I'm in town around the people that took the name of it in the middle of the Lord. Take your gun and shove it. I ain't worse than sin and no more. Take your gun and shove it. I ain't worse than sin and no more. Once in a lifetime, a man comes along whose life story is so meaningful. It can only be captured in poetic songs. Share me, tell me, tell me. It's Jerry Springer, the opera, where high art beats the lowest common denominator. Hello, I'm Jerry Springer. Today's show is home, my mom has just like a truss stopper Terry Terry Terry Jerry Springer, the opera from Pegentry Wonder and Swearing this something I must prove I'm cheating on you with your stepmother You won't admit your fault Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Jerry Springer, the opera, the stage spectacle that ANovergeova fat lady gets hit over the head with a folding chair You think you all that? What's your hair? Help! Terry Terry Terry The world's sleazyest touch she'll host is in the house But opera house Jerry Springer, the opera Sam Tanna, the program play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas And on the way to hit with Michelle Branch Everybody wants Sam Tanna on their song So we've compiled a CD collection of every artist Sam Tanna has ever played with Like M&M We've compiled a song around the outside Tell me your vibe, round me your vibe The Dixie dance The Dixie dance On the way out the celly The dance The dance Sam Tanna's the lips for everyone's CD including unrelate tracks from Carlos And John Tash But someday your journey will end I'll be there for you as long Yes, he's a guitar playing the horror who will play with anybody Except of course, Kelly Clarkson Oh my life No way man Sam Tanna's the lips for everyone Order now and receive a personalized bonus track for Sam Tanna plays Your very own birthday song Happy birthday dear Sam Tanna Call now Happy birthday dear Sam Tanna Call now and receive a personalized bonus track for everyone's CD And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And John Tash And from that I go with me For that to my left For what mine the down is And from that to my left For that to my left For that to my left For gift of justice Only one does of that You're the giving to everyone So I'll say return my more Come on be a dad If I could stay up to it My truth is now Return my more You've got no right To sell my teeth That really bites The richer First there was the globe the any theft device that likes to the steering wheel of your car Then there was the cap the any theft device that prevents fees from taking your airbags now There's the ultimate in state of the art that protection Introducing the crap two and a half pounds of steaming human Excrimin that pops neatly into the funcede of all domestic and most foreign vehicles properly installed the crap It burns even though it's a turman fee Nice guy they left a door online Think this girl little spin oh my god someone took a dump on the front seat. That is disgusting I'm moving under the next guy on with of the crap and feet will move on to one of the cars I doesn't have a steaming pile of human extra bit on the funcede We guarantee it all of the crap. We're your car today and then anyone who tries to steal your car will be indeed well you know speaking of crap Computer virus wax air Canada second counters oh Computer virus cripples America the systems today creating delays at checking counters at Canadian airports airlines and attack The virus dumbed white hat comes into companies largest airline was still reeling from a worldwide shutdown of the Operation glass Friday following the black a air Canada said the virus struck this morning also crippled its call centers It's slowing things up. They said the airline expected results in probably put into the afternoon and The new computer worm that exploits Microsoft popular Windows operating system fourth aerospace giant lucky martin Showdown parts of its nation by computer network official say the worm follows the so-called blaster or Loosen woman affected hundreds of thousands computers worldwide last week Officials say the latest worm targeted computers that hadn't received the patch against last week's worm Ron Reney information officer for Lockheed said the new worm uses the victims computer to overwhelm the system with messages Lockwood and lucky martin employees were unable to reach see email or give on the network as we saw But there you go, lot of loose worms baby and The worm is turning Turning screw-ins it's something about a loose woman orifice this morning with a virus 26 past one is five 60 WQM if you're in a really dead end job Maybe like a saleshold at a radio station is commas to a specific don't have four years to wait for a real life to come along If you can afford ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months fast rated You achieve a new high-pane computer career. That's absolutely correct Just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify So call fast train toll-free at one eight six six fast train with four locations all over software There's boundary one nearby you they're in Fort Lutterdale They're in Miami candle and tempered pines too when you call that number You'll talk with a train career counselor who knows their crap fast rate offers day evening weekend schedules job placement hands on training So call today tool free. There's absolutely no obligation call fast train at one eight six six fast train Fast trains deferred payment is valid for a year regular payments apply their after whether you are high school student on summer break Somebody another an underpaid dead end job or just looking when Chris unit worth This is what you ought to do call fast train today and check this up call eight six six fast train or check them on the web at fast train dot com My Dude ries of Random bar10 I'm sorry! Yeah, just a true Tom Rich had to step down MacCassie would never pass a Senate confirmation regarding his close ties to Anne Ron's. Ah! Ah! Ah! What kind of mouth-washed is the president used to wash Saudi's sand off his tongue? Is he alive? Is he alive? Is he alive? Is he alive? Is he alive? Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Good night Tom Marks! Here's CUT! Oh, Maraica, I'm all of the issues! I'm Officer Simon Cowell! Right now I will respond to the salt-backing coil. We'll look across Southback in Cori-Cock. There he is! Cori-Cock, hold it right there. You're under arresting for hitting your sister. And for hitting a few sour notes. Think what? You have the right to remain silent. Based on your last performance, I only wish you'd exercise that one more often. It was awful. You have the right to consult an attorney or in your case, a vocal coach. But I can't afford a lawyer! Well then, an attorney will be appointed for you. Perhaps Jared Andrews or Tannies could recommend someone. It's CUT! Oh, Maraica, I'm all of the issues! Join us next week when Officer Cowell gets a new partner. Officer Randy Jackson! Could you possibly eat more? More down that small, poor dog? Good, dude. I will wrote disgusting. Absolutely disgusting. The home we're gonna do. Every guy dead gay, the new, the 20, we have a yellow line. That must be. They have something to hide. They have nothing to hide. But if you lay head by, It's what's really empty. Every time, those who put you into full, Like a yellow line. Because I look for a feeling of mine. And that's why we have a yellow line. That's an explain. But we need a what these might do. But if I told, we've shifted his dance. With a set of low-pants and a few low-starts. Who will you buy? And they don't pay a one-to-to-票. And you'll pay, ever yellow line. That's what's really empty. So, if they get to buy, That's why we have a yellow line. That must be. Every time, damn gay, the new, the 20, we have a yellow line. That's what's really empty. So, if they get to buy, That's why we have a yellow line. That's why we have a yellow line. That's why we have a yellow line. At 5.60, WQAM, We just can't seem to get the morning show right. So, once again, We softly advise about our crackhead chicken-hop consultant. That we apologize for that too. And now, 5.60, WQAM, Probably presents the Morgan David show. That's a good boy, M. Morgan David. That's good, because I forgot who I was. Is that your name again, Felgiv? No, Galty. The children call me Galby. And this is your... Mark? Mark? Mark? When the baby? Two-shorty. Mark? I've got fresh Nova. I've got... Is that out of here? Is that out of here? Is that out of here? Did me coffee? I got the punch guard full here for schoolgun chop. I got a free cup. Devil, wait a minute. All we should both just talk about sports? Oh yeah. I love to tell you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppetone. How about that? Hurricane Shuffleboard team. They don't got that no more? She's been. Since they got rid of the rocket board, she's on Colin's Avenue. Oh, it's a good thing I bought the normal Jean rules. We'll see the card. Yes! Crack and bam! Crack and bam! I got you! Crack, ready! Bam! What was that? I thought my wig. Phew! It smells bad in here like toe cheese. That's how bad you say we do a nice remote from the festival free market. Sounds good to me. Yeah, I think I got a lot of nice bitches, Dad. Okay, let's go. Okay. Good, let's get out of here. Can you smell the back cake? I'm belly-oh! That's my mighty head, the tank's down blue sandroon. I see my toes protruding from my ground in my booty. To avoid my head up, up, head over head up, up, head over head up. Please avoid what I've done. I smell my arm as I dip in my dress like I'm snoozing. My bones are gone. That funny hat on my head needs free food. For my hair and the mow chest or my hair and the gentle hair and the mow face be quite right down. It smells so good. That's I know now. Seems I start to rush late. I have my feet. So far I've found six dollars in the loose chain and my got the keys. For my hair and the mow chest or my hair, I'm from my hair and the mow face I've died. For my hair and the mow chest or my hair, I'm from my hair and the mow face. Girls gone wild as the video. That shows real girls, flashing their goods during spring break weekend Florida. What about the hoties who spend the whole year in Florida? Now, thank you for all of your video. It's golden girls gone wild. Who's in it? Why it's all your favorite golden girls. Dorothy Rose Blanch and the always said I'm just so big. I share it with the people that send it. Well, you won't have to think because golden girls gone wild is two full hours of these rabbiners retirees showing loads of rakely scams. I am the most attractive and available woman in all of my amnning. Golden girls gone wild. These hoties were hot flashes are going tough. Let's ever just think of it. Except when they're arthritis players. Now I'm going to be even open my eyes again. It doesn't give any sex here in this. But they'll take our word for it. Listen to what the golden girls are saying about each other. She was talking to golden girls. It's golden girls gone wild. Watch it just one time. You're a green. Dark day in the history of mankind. Golden girls gone wild. Go now. The man for electricity and an anterior reaching critical levels. Oh, they're considering rolling up. I think you're pardon? Hello. Thank you. Oh, god. I mean the story is true. But it just, yeah. Oh no, we're safe because even if we had like a brownout right now. I've given up the green brownout. I got that 30 minute power as the backup. See, I got to do a brownout at two o'clock. 21 till 2 is 5. 60 WQAM. Elva 68 votes the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century Bob Hope 63. Thanks for the memories. Johnny Carson 46, Roger Marks 44. Franks are not for 41. Jackie Greason 30, Steve Martin 21, Lucy 20. And after that it's a small TV. I don't necessarily chaplain 10 liberal Rachi's got nine. Ready for that? Yes. And Steve, Tyler's got four. By now you've been here a lot about lemon and sourcing how lemon it would floring from lemon and sourcing is the easy to smart. The low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring which cost you bundle. Lemon and sourcing is the best place to find lemonade would floring from the top makers in the universe. Pirator per go Wilson are unifluering quick step two. They've got all the top names all the time. I'll install by per go certified in stormers. Here's another good reason why I ought to be calling lemon and sourcing prices will positively for you. Right now you can get their summer special for just 1995 bucks. That's correct. Just 1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful lemon it would floring. It is positively. Unbelievable. So don't forget lemon and sourcing will maintain legitimate number. Not for two. If you want a free and home estimate. Call lemon and sourcing toll free 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 7 33 36. What could be easier? What could be a bigger piece of cake? Free carpet disposal? Free furniture moving in a 25 year warranty. And of course years and years of beautiful easy care. Lemon it would floring. Call them today. Until that old meal toward you call. Lemon it's our us toll free 1 8 7 7 7 7 7 33 36. My life and low. This is 4 30 5 60. 2 8 8. Yeah. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Come on and kill some women and cheer with thee! Lord, Lord, Lord! Raise all of their blood, Lord! We don't want power! Got my long life smart! I'm going to the G.I.D. Rock! Been lucky night in coming out of his cave! Tchala-barn monkey's set the rent and rape! Blackmail women begging in the crowd! But, but he's only no ladies and loud! Let's rock! Don't come out, raise all of their drugs! Don't come out, Lord! Put on my bloody white spot! Don't do the G.I. Rock! Quick, come on! Turn out CNN! Check the systematic and true position! Going to the G.I.D. don't be late! Coming in from every single day, stay! Come, go, go, and then you rock your arms! I'll be strapping on my suicide bomb! Let's rock, go! Raise all of their blood, Lord! We don't want power! Got my beard and my long life smart! I'm going to the G.I. Rock! Don't do the G.I. Rock! She, I too says to her, my sport! Get the boys ready for a holy war! Fart out too says to march in three! Come on and kill some women and cheer with me! Let's rock! Don't break my low legs, Lord! We've got my beard and my long life smart! You're going to the G.I. Rock! I'm going to the G.I. Bring great seconds to his knees! Kill me if you dance blind! Kill them all! The United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people. Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression. Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait. Just Kuwait is going to be. We like to feed Saddam Kuwait and get to it with our five. Sit back and watch his head and slow. Like a male of way to lie. He's right to steal away Kuwait. And be the oil sheep. I lost you and I died. Up to his head and the one who weighs his feet. He's a be on fire to Kuwait. And get your way out of the G.I. Rock! Where is my dad? We're going to the G.I. Bring him to a new place. We're going to the G.I. Rock! Here we go! We're going to the G.I. Rock! We're going to the G.I. Rock! I'm going to the G.I. Rock! This is Washington Ball. All, servant of humanity, touch-ro hosts, hemorrhoid sufferer. Folks, it's over three other pounds. I know the agame of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's a help. With new preparation rush and my rush to excellent suppositories, may you can end the pain in the history of hemorrhoidletissue, just for my picture on the box of suppositories, and the applicator tube, another fine product from OIB, the obesity and broadcast thing in the work. It's always an appropriate study version. Joseph, Dr. Kackackackack, he's a little by now. No one gives a crap about any of that. It's a delicate, every ball of money. Every time someone's on it, the talent is rooted out. Everybody is faced through the cannot. Toon and out. If you win, make it tougher, but we're racing in both. The only chance they ever beat that out. But all you ever see are got you, your arms are bored. If you win, make it closer, let's fork, throw the ball. It's always an important study version. Joseph, Dr. Kackackackackackack, he's a little by now. No one else gives a crap about any of that. It's a talent that keeps the play from it. Every time someone's on it, the talent is rooted out. Everybody is faced through the cannot. I'm sitting in the jar, because I'm sitting right now. Get all my lights, you're gone. Try to help conserve. We don't want to get any more of those brownouts. One of them is threatening with rolling brownouts. But I guess when they got through the whole day yesterday in a subway ran in the street cars, everything, people figured, oh, okay. Proud mode. Surprise. Surprise. I like everybody's the ground ground out. 150, 10 till 2. There's nothing like a ground brown. Doesn't she like him to fudge brown to work with the dolphins? Hey, speaking of all of that, good stuff to eat. How about the Emerald Coast man, even over there, and went and dug just pig out, because they've got a ton of food waiting for it? All you people would have a big appetite. This is the place for you. That up on Asian buffet in the universe. They're in sunrise, nose, my mubit, and the newest one is in Pemberg Fines. Start out your mouthwatering experience with one or two or all of their six fantastic soups, and dozens and zillions. I've heard of man. Of suckers on trees, they have near-ship made warden, the gourmet center. It's a sizzling Asian grill where you'll find grilled shrimp scampies doll. Jump-o scallops wrapped in bacon in their new seafood-same joc. And if that isn't enough to fit you up, rather than just crab and ginger and scallions, hand-carb, prime rib, the new Oriental chicken salad, and dozens and dozens of delicious, mouthwatering goodies. Emerald Coast buffet promotes only healthy cook and two because they cook only with cholesterol free oils. There's no MSD, no cornstarch. You won't walk out with the headache just a big smile on your pussy and a full-pupic. If you have any room left at the end of the meal, Emerald Coast features a full dessert bar to featuring pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings, and fresh fruit, as well. There's nothing like a fresh fruit. Emerald Coast, you'll find them in sunrise, pile at a 44th street. There aren't college seven, just know the 163rd North Miami Beach, and also at the intersection of flamingo and pepper grows in prestigious Pembroke Pines, take the whole family. Take the whole gang from work or book your next business lunch and ride now. All size parties welcome. Let them do the cooking for at the Emerald Coast. Take out and delivery as always available to call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. Don't forget, it's Tuesday, which means Duff will not be singing karaoke night, that's a good news. 9-5-4-1. He's great. He's out of the case anyway. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for information on the world's flaming, Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. 9-5-4-5-7-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-1-2-1-2-3-1-3-1-2-1-2-1-1-3-1-1-1-2-1-1-1-1-1-n-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1- 1-1-1-1-5-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-2-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-2-1-1-1-1-1-3-1-1-1-1-2-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-2-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1- representative of tobacco-related death, but somehow it just is working. They are Academy Awards, the stars, the glitz, the glamour. But this year there's one big missing, Billy Crystal, just because he not these years host doesn't mean you can enjoy his trademark Oscar's own parody. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to the Billy Crystal 2000 to Oscar CD. You've seen a beautiful line to that Russell Crown. So really spot that. Billy Crystal 2000 to Oscar CD. The self appointed elder statesman of contemporary American comedy is back with this collection of hastily composed tunes about all your favorite Oscar contending. A bit, um, the quiet man role. This is his best sex lead tonight. Every director, every star is regaled and sung by the incomparable and intradirable Billy Crystal. A-R-D, as for Sean Minimum's lead. One listen to the Billy Crystal 2000 to Oscar CD and you'll scream. Uh, what the? Disloyal, after the ring is really shined for Crown, I guess it does. The Billy Crystal 2000 to Oscar CD, because Oscar nominated does. Hardcore of all enough. He had an hardcore in his pockets. He was also too old and then later Kobe Bryant wins the Palurado. Pop out of his car and matter sexy, I'm feeling. The Billy Sili was thinking where his name remained. And then without water, his works are so exciting to pay us. The movie couldn't keep his trousers naked in his fair. What? When we call the front desk in a piano for food, he said, it's not my job. I've been a long day, Roo. She may not tell the story, but must you have surprised. It was for the Beatles after not the book out and prize. She sent it in one, but he claimed it would roll my arms. And Kobe couldn't keep his laptop in his fair. And I don't see a side fire island, Agent Bucks, and Agent Cheeks work hard to solve their queries case. Agent Bucks, the game, Bucks, Cheeks, get down here now. I've got a stiff, eh? Did I bring the wine? Oh, what you just can't go, friend. I'm talking about a dead body. No, no, no, no. See as I fire island, party fires the egg, which are sitting star as TV's newest. Not so ambiguously getting grand solving duo. Check out this, Bucks. I've examined the physical evidence. Let's get physical physical. Hey. What if you put a plug in it, Bucks? I've deduced to see a talent prefers entering to the back door. To help create that narrow down the list of suspects, complete. See as I fire island, with special guest our rooper never piece. Till my heart. Oh, damn. Don't miss, see as I fire island, coming soon, but not too quickly, too serious. Wee! Have a 50 to make that bridge, you may get bitten, the whole microphone. You may 50 to make two wild ablates. Yeah. My name is a big country, and it's a big town. When they started, they cheered up it. They ran from Davis to Davis, and they just went to the front. They come in and they are p.a. The young man, he never met my big house. They just met his whole mind, well, he's the main note. They don't have to be happy, they don't have to be happy. They don't have to be happy, they don't have to be happy. Well, I'm not a big country, and she's got to be happy. Hey, stop your tender down the ground, they're fighting over and they're making a fight. They're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they're fighting over and they