Well, the radio announced his sufferers heart attack during morning progress. Oh, a new port ore gone. Long time ore gone, radio announced her Andy Harley. I hope I'm pronouncing that right. It's H-A-R-L-E, I guess? Like here, but the kind like Harley I'm guiding like, suffered a heart attack yesterday during his morning music and trippy show on K-P-P-T-F-M and new port. The station official said, new port ore gone. It is. Harley 55 was working radio for about 30 years. That'll do it to you. It was rushed to Samaritan Pacific Hospital and new portlisted in critical condition after a massive heart attack about 7.30 AM since station manager Larry Blair. Actually, you know what he said on the air just at the moment that he had the heart attack? It's as music was playing with a heart attack began. Harley did not come back on when a music stopler said an engineer continued to broadcast with music. Thank god for those engineers You know, Harley was also the owner of the station nicknamed the boss. Oh boy We'll try to keep it eye on that But that's a bad signer 30 years in a business guy was only 55 right there when I was playing music music and trivian Had a massive heart attack Anyway, our question yesterday and it does tie right in although it's kind of depressing Elizabeth's home by the way. Oh, thank there's Jack Straugh Tech Straugh is on the winning to take the peaceful roots. Okay the peaceful route You know this dog and pony show their going on the war is gonna be in a few days and all the Southern window dressing is going through is just a wasted time Okay, they're trying to like save a Tony Blurs ass, which I don't think they're gonna be able to do and that's it and I'll arrest it this stuff But forget about it Oh, they want to vote maybe now they don't want to vote because it's too embarrassing and a French are gonna veto no matter what and those feet and fries just I'll like how hotcakes and flapjack Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die? We asked yesterday here on our very very famous worldwide poll on your rangers dot com and Bob hope Thanks for the memories Bob hope was 622 years old about 305 votes Ronald Reagan was about this in second 173 the interesting thing to me Third right I Right on a Pope's ass for a long time and then he passed him lucky was a sitting still More Howard David it with 164 sorry like that did you ever say who you voted for? I voted for Bob hope Who do you vote for rhymes with hope Go pope who Pope. Oh, I see that's you again being a real Mr. Wolf our vision. Uh-huh anyway. Mohour David it had a 106 the Pope had 102 I'm proud to say that strong sermon beat me up. I can't make it longer than strong thermonometers Well jump out the window right now and if we just voted for you back in 60 what is it 50 40 48 Strong thermon 58 votes Neo Rogers 54 Thumb we get lucky don I miss 23 some other exacter me was way way down after that don I miss 23 now See I take that personal reception even though I did had that stroke before we see oh my head is still a bit of in the foggy stages But I'm getting a little better each day and once I get that vacation next week time I come back I'm gonna feel like a brand new boy I'm as 23 Johnny Cash and Fidel Castro each head 21 how do you like that? Do you know what 16 the hump or head 14 vote? Well, hop or at 14 lose an answer to it. In fact take a page out of a fat Julio's book, Hank He lost 21 pounds and you said he's got like a little a Scoucher room right is a ugly t-shirt right his clothes has a flow to him now nice going Julio And you know what I embarrassed him into it, too I know he was already working on a boy. I call him a fat tub a crap Marlin Brando 13 speaking of fat times a crap Yes, you're on a fart had 11 and after that it was single digits only Bobby Blake had nine Billy Graham and what's this bill Graham Is that your mistake Carlos who did Eric make another mistake? I'm not sure Billy Graham will be happy tied with Charlton Hestom with it David Brinkley with six al Lewis grandpa and Ernest Borden on a lyric king Uh-huh and Rodney Dangerfield and Al Goldstein and Rosa Park C. Ted 5 for Rosa Paul Harvey Mickey Rooney Kirk Douglas Bob Barker Larry Hagman and Jeff Fat Boy Hi boy hi Head 4 Jimmy Carter pop a bush jack par each head 3 and any other ones with to a guess who didn't get any votes Ed McMan Rose Marie Marino herod Dick Clark watercrunk had in Bob Dylan got a big oh Put together Rose and you like that who's Rosemary? She have a baby boy. Oh boy. Yes, she had don't you remember Rosemary's baby right To see it on the scrum screen channel. Let's are you don't get it 913 at 5.60 WQM. It's gonna be a great Thursday to phone is working again The internet's working again. I'm feeling sound and great today if you ask me everything's gonna be wonderful We got a good poll better yesterday's today. If you ask me also, although it's Anna and I will see maybe they don't like this one either You know what too bad we really don't care Retired to try and to stand on her head to please the picky sound photo audience are we we have billboards up the ass baby And most only got one that's the bad news. Moline has one And it looks like I'm I wind up with five I do like that He's really gonna be full man But anyway, if turn pike on the east side going south just north of Sterling Road is Mo Howard David It'd no picture by the way It couldn't get that piece to stay on his hand 914 at 5.60 WQM. Let me tell you all about a great place for you doards and dog lovers bark Avenue pepper's hurting honey with bark Avenue pepper's orders the all only all natural Pett's resort in the country. It's a beautiful 10,000 square foot facility that offers boarding grooming and daycare Whether just for the day of daycare's open 7.00 to 7 p.m. or on overnight or for several months Your dog will enjoy the comforts of real luxury with oversized tile sweets with animal print beds Filtered smell free ear cleaner than most of your houses no doubt purified water for drinking bathing and washing as well bark Avenue's top-notch groomers taught in Francesca offer expert cuts on all breeds and these only pure chemical free soaps and shampoos Don't you think I should get another dog I'm sorry, not a little dog because then I could take advantage of bark Avenue now. It's kind of a shame I have this wonderful sponsor. I have no dogs to board there now. I get a nice little dog At bark Avenue dogs are cooped up all day like at most places in your dog socialize according to their size And large players on soft and gilly mad flooring and your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play That's why we have so many fat people at QM. We socialize according to size Bark Avenue also offers feline boarding in their kitty condos area hammocks included Want to take a look for yourself just log on to www.barkaftpet resort.com and take a virtual tour Let's you look in on your pet anytime from anywhere you are. That's amazing bark Avenue per resource located 1400 South federal highway call 9 5 4 9 2 5 bark That's 9 5 4 9 2 5 bark Or log on to www.barkaftpet resort.com bark Avenue per resort the vacation spot your pet will absolutely love ID T They'll pay. Most of them at that time may have hit the movie in over 15 years. Why are there so many stars in Hollywood? Who thinks we can't wear these things? I want more than eagle. Here's the confusion. They're under the ocean light light. And then we'll go. Elmo loves the Pacific House. Susan soaring in trouble. And we'll be hot. Send them all the tellers, Reals and what do I have written? I play swine with the wind and they'll be too shipping. Or have that? Go get with some dance. Time 21 at 5.60. Here's our new poll. It's up there. It's not one we're going to have to build today. It's a little bit ponderous. There's a lot of pressure on your audience. Alongshore probably gets some additions. But do you see anybody that I left out that immediately pops in your mind? No, but I'm busy looking for somebody that I can vote for. Because there aren't the just aren't that many radio personalities. Let anywhere in any market. Not just hours. Other than Neil, what radio personality do you listen to most? Most. They were all my parents during. Paul and Ron. Mohour Davidad. Jim Mandage. Fully. Rikshah. Randy Rhodes. Steve Kane. Rush Limboh. Dr. Laura. Thank Goldberg. Shit. It would have been an audio and mark. Do I leave somebody out? No, I think that's it. I mean I could put people on there like this. He's on music stations, but that's I don't know. Like Johnny Dark? Who used to be? Huh? We don't even know any Dysja. I mean like Fully, he's a personality. Right? What about Tom Joyner? Is he still doing it the Fly Duck? Tom Joyner was on passions by the way for a couple days doing a cameo. Really? Yeah, and I'm sorry. And you still haven't seen Sheridan yet? No, you're lost. I know. Is Tom Joyner still on how 105 are they still hearing his show? I have no way known that. Okay, let's put him on there. And what about on who are the what's the guy it's on EDR? Is Jerry Russians the PD? He's not on the EDR is he? Oh, you know who we should put on there is Albe Silk. Albe Silk on our six. Who's loving my one and all by the way, inside and outside the building? Who what? He's loved by one and all. We like Albe Silk. I have the way to who is, but if it's good enough for everybody else's commitment. So we got we're adding Tom Joyner and Albe Silk. And who's the main job on EDR? Is got to be somebody. You know nobody's Carlos? Huh? Yeah, he's a big listener to EDR. Oh, I'm sure he is. He's hip hoppin' it all the way to the banquet at Big Patriarch. Is you kidding me? My hand. He's hip hoppin' it. I'll think I can get it. I'm sure that. Not under the overpass. In other words, EDR don't come in on sure wave. 560560. 560 on the AT and Verizon. Whatever it is. Look at that. There are ahead of us. But they don't mess around. Eric sneaked the second pool in there. Oh, well, I'm afraid the only one for today. But the replacement for yesterdays. And they're right on it already. Other than Neil, what radio personality listen to most, you managed his six. Oh, right. Howard's sperm has two hanks. Got a pair. Mohawk, David, it's got one. Hey. Mohawk, David, you got one vote already on the pole bay. Wait. Paul and young Ron have one and Randy Rhodes has one. Pretty big one from what I hear. And Joe and Mark have one. Now, yeah, for Rick Shaw's deep cane, Rush Limbaugh, Dr. Laura. Shnith, ed.k. Foody or, and we also waited time during Alby's silk and we're praying. Somebody will tell us who the people are on EDR. Okay. By the way, it's the big lip bandit. Anna, that was what Miguel gave us from EDR. Big lip bandit. And stop him or you away. Yeah, he's starting to save by the way. Hey, by the way, Carlos. You're by our way. Stick it to me from George. Yeah, George is rubbing off from George. Big lip bandit. Now, get these to Eric right away. So we don't have to make that same mistake we did yesterday. Where was that long pause? Because Eric was a puke in his guts out. He was at the pole all day or something. I notice he's right on top of things today. Because he is mommy, bitch and him out again on a year. Which I will if he, uh, dilly dally's at all in the very least. I'll rip him an ass. And in his case, that would be quite an undertaking. Okay, let's get somebody's great calls on here today. Got a lot of stuff. We got Elizabeth his home. She's safe. I have some concerns about what went on there because this guy that kidnapped her this religious nut. There we go with that being redundant again. Religious nut. Uh, he, uh, snatched Elizabeth to make her his second wife and a polygamous relationship. Ryan David Mitchell, aka manual, was one of these smartiest nastiest. And of course, since he had her under his spell, uh, for nine long months, one can only assume the worth to their own sand. Yeah, not, not a pretty picture. At least she's home and safe. Oh, that's good. That's a good start. Did you know she was home and safe? Who? You did who is, is who home and safe? Elizabeth smart is home and safe. Elizabeth smart is home and safe. Yeah, and that's something. Again, I'm not trying to make light of it, but you people at the media are crazy. You're crazy over here. Here's my any, hello. Welcome home Elizabeth. Yeah. Hey, Neil. She's home and safe. Aren't you happy? I'm thrilled. You don't sound too sweet. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Um, I don't know if you got a, you know what? Yeah. Shut up, no. I don't know if you got a little bit. No, shut up. Listen. No, my, come on, they're like, get that damn swallowing your head. Ryan. So I don't know if you got a listen to, um, the Humpheter yesterday. Uh, huh, why did not hear the Humper? Look, oh, I got it. I got one comment. Hey, hang stick to the sports buddy. You suck. What was he talking about? Click. Oh, click. Well, he hung up on him. No, as a matter of fact, no, you know, I did hear Hank talking about the war or something. We're just a second. I wasn't here checking something on the internet. And you can tell me, do that. I just potted up to see what's going on. And I, but I only heard like 30 seconds. So I, and he was talking about a rack in this. And I don't know. So there you go. 926 at 560WQM. Let me tell you about a place we can all go in fees. Maybe we'll have the last supper there. What do you think, huh? OK. I'll fly down special for that. We'll just go there and pick out a lead until we all croak. But will the big smile on our face at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet? You'll find what in sunrise, North Miami, Beach, and at newest location in Pembroke Pines, they've got six different kinds of soups. And you can ladle in your bowl all you like. One or two or all six, if you like. And they've got dozens of succulent antres, not just Oriental stuff, but all kinds of fresh veggies and all kinds of other good things too. They've got beef and chicken and seafood Oriental Surf and turf on a weekends. New York, strip made order with the gourmet center-ray sizzling Asianville featuring karaoke steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood, handcar, prime rib, the Emerald Coast Pro is healthy living too. No MSG, no cornstarch, no migraine headache, and these only all cholesterol fee oils and all are cooking. The buffet Emerald Coast features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, and a fresh shrimp cocktail too. And don't forget, Emerald Coast famous lobster festes back to featuring lobster thermers and lobster bisc. Lopter bisc is got delicious. But boy, not glycine your cholesterol skyrocketing? Yeah. Good, so like I said, have a second bowl. One requirement is to save room for dessert that got a great dessert bar featuring pies and cakes. Who cares about cholesterol? Where do they think it's going on in the world? You know what? To be our worst problem. Pies and cakes and pastries, ice cream, all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit, a gigantic feast at the Emerald Coast buffet. Three locations like I said only moments ago, you'll find the new original soft photo location in sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 160 to the other north Miami Beach and we'll remember how great North Miami Beach used to be. And at the intersection of Flamingo and Peverc roads in Pembroke Pies, they've set reservations, take out and live here also available and look for the new Oriental chicken salad when you hop into the Emerald Coast column at 9.54, 5.72.3822. 9.54.57.3822. Be sure and tell Richard that Neil sent you by the Emerald Coast and he'll say, go, Lee Skull. There's no derives. Warning, we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission for most depicted. It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible. We hope we reach that goal. Former President of Bill Clinton, your wife, the genius owner from New York, his bitch. I think that's a no-brighter. He's a pig at the trough. Couple other things. The Chelsea done a job. Some men it was reported in the cave. No, no. She's been pushing. Good. I'm very glad. All right. Let's discuss something close to us. Uh, as. Oh, sure. You know, as you might imagine, I have a young assistant, you're sticking her. Yeah, and an occult myth done. Not a ready. I did. I cut through there like a hot night through butter. Oh, okay. Thank you. We'll be right back with former President. Thank you. Uh-huh. I'm 32 at five, 60, WQAM. So anyway, I noticed that for some strange reason, Tom Jr. and Alby silk. They haven't made the list yet. Big lip-banded designer. But how come they didn't make it? Carlos. He said it. I see. Are we going to get back at that again? I'm sure that Eric is working on it right now. A nice big, ham sandwich. Maybe a little bit of cheese. Lacy Peters and how long do you think it would take before we got her name back at the thing end? About two minutes. In other, do go back at that again. Where's Lacy Peters? And now that we finally found Elizabeth Smart. Kind of figures don't it? 80 votes so far on a poll. And you know, this is going to change at 10 o'clock. You do know that, don't you? No. I'm telling you right now, the percentages will change dramatically because Howard sperm is still on now. And Ron and Paul are still on. And so once people tune over back to watch at 10, 10, 30, whenever they get around to it, because Howard sperm is on, when how does he go up? When he feels like it? I'm going to start doing that. What's left today by 11.15? OK. But anyway, other than Neil, what radio personality you listen to most? Jim Manage 23. All right. Howard sperm 15. Randy Rhodes 11. Wow. Oh my god. Now that's, can you believe that? That's a partial crowd. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Peter. God Almighty, Randy Rhodes 11. Hey, Goldberg 11. Paul and young Ron and the old Paul and the five on Zeta. Rush Limbaugh 4. Only 4 for the fat one. Mohara David has got four. He's tied with Rush. How do you like that? Moh, you're moving up in a world maybe your tie with Rush. And Dr. Laura Schmidt and Joe and Mark Hichey have two 80 keys. Got one in none for anybody else. Yeah, I don't, I don't see it. I'll be silk or time join around there. They're working on it. And they're working on it all right. She were off the set. She could start to accept the technical sabotage we had. Thank God, Julio's in the building. You get that all straight now. You know what? And he got a lot of stuff. Huh? I've got a lot faster now. Yeah, he can. Like a speeding bullet. I scored Holy On. Linda Kornakhova's, uh, Wozri, uh, who? I was revenge again. Linda to rock. She's violent. 10 is Vitsson and Akorna Kovaz and Danger of losing millions and endorsements after ex-husband and hockey star Sergei Fedorab. By the way, speaking of hockey, the Panthers never going to score another goal at home. No. Two home games, two for nothing shutouts. And the paper I looked at my paper this morning and the box to see how many people it said were their last night. 15,448. It said, I'm going to tell you something. Seriously, you people in the organization. You think you're kidding anybody? Cause I watched the TSN Montreal telecast last night cause they have pantered. They blacked out. And they actually backed up, you know, they paned the whole arena. They said they're going to have to start getting some people in this place. They're really desperate. They're couldn't have been 4,000 people. They're I've never ever seen anything like that. There was no bloody dare. Nobody. And a paper puts 15,000 like their fool in somebody. I guess they must have encountered everybody with the sawgrass too, huh? 10 is fiction and a corna hole is endangered. Losing millions and endorsements after S has been in hockey star surgery fedrawer veal their secret union last week says that European newspaper report. According to a slow-back daily, corna covas promising revenge after fedrawer off a place where you'd throw it red rings admitted that the couple had a brief marriage that ended in divorce. In the March 10th edition of Nobby Cause, corna cova who's in active hour re-evolutating ankle injury is quoted to saying that silver lucrative contracts for photo sessions could be lost thanks to federal office comments. Sergei did not have a right to do that. She said we agree that everything would remain our secret, our marriage as well as the matter of our divorce. She said this revelation made to pride me of some contracts. There's a clause in them that I must not become attached to any man. You think it says anything about attached to it? Any woman that would only help. Under the headline, corna cova promising revenge, the paper reports that fedrawer off's admission has severely complicated. The Russian tennis players like and that some of the US $10 million worth of corna cova's contracts are now in jeopardy. Yesterday, federal office agent said he was unaware of any secrecy agreement between his plan corna cova. Pat Grisson said he was present when federal office admitted to their marriage but didn't know what compelled the Russian center to make the information public. I have a feeling I know what compelled her to make it public, don't you? Why? That's the public. Christ, don't tell you. I think that's what did it. These are beautiful girl I know with an interesting topic, but I don't know why he did it. He said I don't think it was going to be all that important. After years of silence on his relationship with corna cova, the federal office revealed to the hockey news in its March 14 edition, we were married albeit brief and we are now divorced I don't keep in touch with her. I'm not touching her. And probably didn't before either. And a recent follow up in a view federal office that he was sort of protecting his form of wife and keeping her marriage a secret for so long. Well there you go. She's pissed off and fired out. How do you like that? And the pants has been scoring to an empty net at home. Maybe they should just play all the games on the road. Nobody shows up at home anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. You know Elizabeth Smart is home? Who? Who? Blame. Anger. Elizabeth's home. They've got relatives, neighbors, people that once wrote on the bus with her. School mates. Here's Tamara. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm not sure if you were aware of this, but Elizabeth Smart has been found and returned to her family. No. Seriously. Thank you. Thanks for the great news. Oh, right here. That. What? Other than Neil, what radio personality, listen to most demanded 27 Howard Stern 19, Randy Rhodes 16, which I'm really dubious of that. Wow. Hank Goldberg for 14. Paul in young Ron seven. It's interesting. And it's fascinating that these people listen good sign. The Howard sperm and the Iran and Paul people are voting so far 26. And this is like in a middle of those shows, which means they listen until you come on. There you go. That's a good start. And there's just speaking of start rhymes with start. There's Elizabeth Smart. Oh, yeah. She's home. There's that amateur out of on a harp on it. But there's that video again where she's playing at harp. She's cute as a button. You know, she's really a cute little girl. And I'm very happy that she's safe. I still have a little bit worried about that one thing, no, which thing would that be? Well, because it says that she had a little time's quote sources in Utah saying that Brian David Mitchell, aka, Emmanuel, the scumbag, snatched Elizabeth to make her his second wife and a polygamous relationship. The newspaper also reports it was during the five hours that Mitchell worked at the smart family home last year that he allegedly got the idea that God told him that Elizabeth was supposed to be his wife. Police sources say Elizabeth had been living in San Di Utah about only 20 miles from her family's home with Mitchell and at least one woman. The woman is believed to be one to varsity. The L.F. female companion to rest to Mitchell as Elizabeth was rescued as they have to. So in other words, if he got told him that she was going to be a second wife and I'd say a very grotesque thought, you know, yeah, we just hope she's fine and she's okay and she looks fine. But I have a feeling something happened that didn't meet the eye. Nomsin and this guy of course, they should execute them both on national TV. MSNBC, Fox, CNN, who might believe it out. CBS, NBC, ABC, TVC, P.W.P. UPN. Telebondol. People's yellow on TNT. TNT. Oh, he had this video one. Lifetime. There was the other one beside Telebondol. Moon dose. Oh, well. Univision. Univision. Oh, there you go. Nickelodeon. Nickelodeon. Sysomokestus. So all little kids should see this. What happens to if you do something like this, go test an average. Another religious nut. Another religious wacko with that beard and a whole thing look like a real scumbag. And you're right, scumbag. These scumbags were tired of scumbags. You know, they don't have to be like a bunch of militant Muslims scumbags. Those are pretty scary enough. But these scumbags were tired of them too. It just had to scumbags, you know. Right. One thing if you want to walk around looking like a scumbag. That's okay, but just don't act like a scumbag. That's all we ask. Is that too much? No. Cut it out. And see what happens when you give money to a scumbag. That's right. And that's the point. You know, we were discussing this before the show today. And the only reason that the homeless voice thing is growing like it's like some kind of disease. It's spreading like a virus is because some of you assholes out there are giving them money. Mm-hmm. Okay. And that's why we got 75 million scumbags all over South Florida on every street corner with their orange t-shirts doing this scam for Sean Cononi. It's a disgrace. Don't feed the monster. Don't feed the scumbags. Okay. Don't feed this cult is insanity because all you do by it is you're perpetuated. And you make it continue growing. It's like feeding a virus. They're all listening to me, you know. I wouldn't have that. So maybe. Yeah, if they were like bleeding on the street corner, I'd probably be ketchup. I wouldn't give them a dime. Spare some change, Mr. No. No way. 941. I get little worked up. I think I'm turning the corner now. I have to get all those votes in the death poll. I think I'm starting like a good energy man. It's kind of scary. I'm going to run. It's a little scary. Although, it won't beat me up like two to one. Just beat me by a million miles. So that's why I'm opening it. And by the way, his billboard, I understand, has no picture on it. So they were he and I are back to back. I've been on the turnpike at the 595 interchange. Visible going south on the turnpike and the south benefit is the turnpike from 595. There's an eel god billboard with my push on it. And turnpike, each side visible going south is north of Sterling Road. There's more Howard David it. So we're like all this back to back. Me and my good buddy to Mowmeister. You know, it's March Madness time of the year again. And if you're looking to lay down some bets, you better know with whom you are dealing. VIP Sportsbook.com is the best. You can have complete trust in VIP Sportsbook.com, a legal and licensed sportsbook. And one of the original online votes is still the best. In fact, one of the very few legal people in this company does business with. You like parlay odds, high ones? How to parlay odds of up to 2001 sound? How about free same day payouts? How about a 15% cash bonus added in your first deposit? Most of all for the past seven years VIP Sportsbook.com is earned a reputation as the sportsbook with the best customer service in the universe. Or preview.com rated them number one in customer service two years in a row. Who knows it might be your turn to go on the road of a lifetime. See it better make sure you're in the right sportsbook when that happens. Sun up online at VIP Sportsbook.com. And when you do that, you get a 15% cash bonus added in your first deposit. Nothing like starting out a winner. If you're not online, just call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets. That's 1-866 VIP bet. But the 15% Sun up bonus is only available online. So get your ass online and get your 15% cash bonus today at VIP Sportsbook.com. Where you'll be the VIP. If there's a button I smell it. The message is there are no noons. There are things we know that we know. Rock, rock, rock, spell. There are noons unknown. That is to say there are things that we now know. We don't know. But you're also unknown, unknown. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. And there are things we do not know. We don't know. And these years we discover a few more of those unknown unknowns. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. I believe what I said yesterday. Well, I don't know what I said. But I know what I think and there are no noons. You say I don't think so. Well, that's what I think. No. 947-560WK. What happened to all those calls you had lined up there, Carlos? It looks like they all disappeared. Maybe somebody's at them. I got the 670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. I feel really embarrassed and humiliated and stupid right now. You know, was that? Well, this fact you just sent me. How do I have left off, Phil? Are you sure? Huh? Kind of outside out of mind kind of things. I really am in the car at that time. Of course, here I'm not in the car at all. And I don't even know if I could pick him up here on any station, which I doubt. But it says, please put Phil Henry on a pole, which we will immediately Carlos. He's going to get a lot of votes. I live in Texas and listen to you guys back on the web. He says, I like the good old days. Isn't it a misnomer to have Mo, oh, I see. Listen, you guys back to back on the web. He says, me and Phil. Isn't it a misnomer to have Mo on your list after all the questions, which radio personality and Mo has no personality? When I hear a match, I miss the worst team. It says, I love the show, but I don't miss out. Well, thank you so much for reminding me. And how come I took this guy from Texas to find us to put Phil Henry on there in his audience again, is like that, huh? What is wrong with these people? There's something very, very wrong. There is it in the air again? What's going on? I haven't been part of this now because Elizabeth Smart is home safe. How do you like that? Who? What's your name? No. Here's our only lonely call. It's from home state. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, you also forgot Jim Rome. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. There's a home entouching guy from home state already. How do you like that? Happy home. Exactly. Look at that phone man. There's something really deadly going on. You had a whole bunch lined up now. Something must have happened. I'm not a wearer, but they just got tired and hung up. What's that supposed to mean? I guess I sound too happy today. That's because the pressure on my head is starting to alleviate now. Good. I do want to thank the Awaken Clinic where it is. Oh, then I haven't experienced trying to get my platyx as you well know. Yeah. But wait, are coming to get your hands. But the good news is I finally went because they I told you the other day. Anybody that comes up here. You better check. Make sure you got plenty of your prescription drugs when you get here. They won't mess with them, but you can't use a US prescription here. They won't let you call it in or in or in or whatever. So it's kind of like a little bit of blackmail. They make you go to a walk in clinic and you see a doctor went to the first walk in clinic downtown and were like 80,000 people in there. And she said, oh, it's a four to six hour wait. And so I registered and I signed on a thing and he said, you can go back home and come back in about four hours. So I come home way to come to ours. I colored to see how many more thousand people are online to like, oh, back just to get see the doctor get my prescription written. And she said, oh, basically, forget about it. But you can call this place. And so she gave me the phone number and address of another joint. I took a cab over there and I'm much more upscale beautiful place. There was about 10 people sitting in there. They got three doctors going. It was just a beautiful place. People in there like in business suits you. I mean, a little more off scale than this other walking clinic where it looked like all the people from the range you were in there. You know, I could get a kidnaps a little bit smart. Right. Like, I see home okay. Oh, yeah. Oh, who don't know if she's okay yet. Oh, but she is saying, yeah. Thank God. And say so anyway, go to that other place. They wait about a half hour, which isn't bad at all. I see a very, very nice doctor. He says, I show him my prescription. I explained the thing about I can't get the everything we feel here from the US. No problem. How many do you want? Give a hear of anybody. You ever heard of an American doctor say, how many do you want? No. He said, how about if I give you a hundred to start and I'll give you a refill for another hundred. So that's like, since it's a one-and-a-kind of a thing of blood center, platyvics since I had that stroke, that's like six and a half months. It's almost seven months for it. Thanks, doc. How much have cost me? I already put it. Yeah, that's right. 35 bucks can eat. It's about 22 bucks US. And I was more than delighted to pay. You know, I was so it's a little bit of a thing that make you do. I was ecstatic. And I take it to my shop where his drug mart. I get the prescription to fill. I go there yesterday. I got the drugs, ran my thing right now. And I'm, oh, oh, oh. I have no idea. Because I had like two pills left when this was all going on. One for two days. And I was trying other means of getting saying, I was sent here. But they just didn't work out, yeah. Because we got some really stupid people down there. But that's okay. Don't take it personal unless you feel like it. All right. Okay. How's this pulled one other than the yellow? We have fill Henry on there. Because again, I apologize when you've set that fill. Okay. Because that was really, I don't see it on there yet. See, I don't want to be pushy Eric, but fill Henry should have been. Oh, he is on there. He's got too already. Like I said, nice going Eric. Why are you always picking on Eric Carlos? You jealous? Must be. Just come. Oh, do you hear how he pressed these now? Just calm down. I understand that your life is probably being shortened by many years having to be associated with him. But it's the best we can do. He's a, oh, and you've got the cartoon on there too. Beautiful. Ha ha ha ha. Who did that? You sent it to Eric. No, I did that. No, I said one like I said, Carlos is the best. Not only do we have our 80 million great bedtime stories today. And look at this one. Elizabeth smart found a lie. He's a picture of Elizabeth. She really is a knockout. She's a cute little girl. Oh, she's 15. She's not a little girl anymore. He's beautiful. But I'm a little worried about that one thing I mentioned. Aren't you? I don't want to think about it. I know. It's a, I say we just cut his balls off if he has any left. Right on TV. Another thing way, the cartoon. The cartoon. There's a big, kind of looks like the beast. He's got his t-shirt. His sports t-shirt on his shorts. Big fat, tubby American guy. And he's sitting in his recliner. And he's surrounded by soda and the beer. Chips popcorn. Oh, he's got a, see an N war guy in his lap. And he's got the TV remote. He's sitting there with a little American flag in his beanie. Looking at the TV and says, OK, start the war. I'm ready. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, oh, yeah. Yeah, let's make a sport out of it. What do you say? So what was I talking about before I got to that? Something about on our website. A little bit smart. Now there's some great tremendous bedtime stories on there today. I apologize for sending you so many because I know it's a lot of work, but they're just, we just got to get them all on there. You know, about three, four, so on there now. Oh, and so in other words, we still had more to come. OK, and we're getting back to the survey. Jim managed 46 other than the, which radio personality, listen to most of the real interesting to see if these percentages change after 10 and then after 10 30 whenever Howard decides to give it up. Managed 46 Howard Stern 30 Randy Rhodes 22. I'm shocked. Aren't you? What why are you so shocked? She has a following, you know. That's why I'm shocked. Hey, Goldberg 21. Rush Limbaugh's got 10. What the, that, that, that, that, that, that, that. Why Rush running by young Paul. Old, the Paul have eight. Phil Henry's got six. We just put him on there seconds ago. You mark my words. He's going to give him a run for their money. Are you sure? Absolutely. How can I forgotten that? It wasn't done willfully on guarantee of that. It's just that I don't, you know, don't hear him. Yeah, that's stroke. Yeah, believe me. I remember everything. That's like, you're putting your position anyway. Well, Howard David is tied with Phil for six. I'm all last. Schnitz got six. The Schnitmeister. Dr. Wars got a pair. Do you want Mark have a pair? Mr. Ego Steve Cains got one. That was not interesting, huh? Of the former of the former radio talk, you know, I'm talking about the talk group. He kind of people ran these got 20 some odd and Mr. Ego. Just tell me what your problem has got one. Fully's got one. It he can has one. Rome has got one already. Big Lebband. It'll be so times you and Eric Schreiff have none. Now, what, how is that possible? Where's all the brothers and sisters out there? They're listening to, I guess they must be listening to EDR and Hot 105 now. Right. Remember you chased them all away with that song you were playing? No, I did not. No way, did not. Because when we did the thing on the year, remember all the votes. I had two pack got. You know how many you got, don't you? About 30 man. That was it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How did 5, 60 on my AT&T and your Verizon marvelous line? Here's Brighton Beach, hello. A Voighton Beach. Where would it have had it? Brighton. Voighton Beach, yes sir. Brighton. Yeah. Happy hours of smart day. Have you heard? Happy hours of the smart day. And back to you. And you've got Bob and Tom. Oh yeah, Bob and Tom should be on here again. I'll decide out of mine. Very good. Thank you very much. And thank you. Welcome to Have a great life. Bob and Tom, well, see I'm not really a Palm Beach issue. Is there anybody in Palm Beach else that we ought to put on there? I don't think so. We just don't know the Palm Beach market all that well. I do understand that many of you like in Pointen like that guy and in Boca, whatever in West Palm, you think that Palm Beach is like part of our, it's just not. You know, we're static and delighted that you listen to us, but it's just, it's another planet, you know? It's a little league. It's a place where they vote for Papu Cannon. Hey, it's Howard. Howard Spam. Are you? Hi, I'm Aaron Summary. Do you know what? You got me talking on the passion phones. Tell me the story about how you got blown. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Don't you know it's sex with with a black or blue and white? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Okay, play that just to give you now with Phil to a pay him back for leaving him off to the first few minutes. And how could you not to remind me of that? Because I'll decide out of mind. I don't listen. You must be slipping man. Tell two or five, 60 W to Q and the Georgia Beyond Next Week. And here's your homework assignment. Even if he had George liked poison, we required that you listen to him every day all next week. Oh, why you doing that to these people? Because we need their help. We can't afford to have another round bad month. Well, they can just write it down. They don't have to listen. Ah. Well, not supposed to be saying. Oh, I know. No wonder they're going to come and take your ass away. They must listen religiously every day even when George is on. We need that badly. Okay. There you go. And the my advice to you is don't let them get to you. That's my advice. Don't take them personal because everybody in a brother is listening out. Even ones who claim they hate you like poison. And just always keep that in mind. Like remember? Why did you have to bring him up now? The Panthers are falling on tough times. They're going to have to be a good and score goal into the ocean on a home game. And you're picking on poor rumor. Okay. Just because he's eat. And whoever made that schedule out, what kind of a schedule is that? Air via other game. They play a home game. They go on a road. They come back play a home game. They go on a road. No wonder he and a whole guy. They have to keep them. No wonder judges are so sick. Plus he's bleeding from the back for all thanks to guilty. Because even now, Jugs know that guilty is like a stabbing. And rumors, and rumors, Gueldies in somewhere with the SPN radio looking for a job. That's somebody inside started yesterday. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Um, At to your list. Uh, George Norie. How about who? He took over our bill. Oh, okay. She is so chronic that woman. And that voice as soon as I hear her voice, I want to kill myself. I mean, she made me a very nice lady, but the fact that she listens to that art bill. Whatever it is now. I know what I'm putting that down. Are we listening to that? Okay. Okay. Excuse me. Excuse me. What is it called? George one. Norie. How do you spell that? And oh. Are RRIY? I'll get up at the door. Yeah, look at the whole idea. I know I don't know what that is. Yeah. I have no clue what that is. George Norie. You will listen to the art bill show the outer. Oh, of course, probably some of your kinfolk are in the same. Just get off the ship. Him and Boko Brian. And when we go to lunch, I might as well just not even be there. Our voice is that this and then they had this guest. Oyster neck. Well, I think there's a look at that. That was up 111 point. All right. Next up 19. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, see we're turning the corner man on you doubters out there. And then when we go in and we get those long beheads. Oh, and look at this. I don't know if I put this to round a website or not. We're in the world as I racked it. I put that on or not. I guess not. Don't think so. No. This is, I know it's more the same business in America just doesn't care because I guess we enjoy being stupid. It says the US may be going to war with Iraq, but a survey finds an overwhelming number of young adults don't have a clue as to where the country is on a world map. Okay. They don't have a clue as to where the hell it is on a map. And have we been talking about that for years and years and years? How freakin' stupid American publicans? I don't have a clue. A nationalized European epic story. I don't have a clue. A nationalized European epic survey of nearly 3000 other adults between the ages of 18 and 24 finds that 87% of them can't find Iraq on a map. I wonder if they counted the present. Oh, he's too old for that. He's in a different category. Oh, look at that one. CBS Newsman Stephen Cuff and took a world atless along to a mall in Skokan Washington reports that. And reports that just helped support the surveys findings. I think there's a word left off at his page. He says, I was looking for Iran who's vexed and there's Turkey City Young woman. There's a man Afghanistan City, a man Saudi, Yemen, not Saudi Arabia's Saudi. Your finger passed right over at Puehden, Al-Kalpin. Iran Iraq, he exclaimed. With the threat of or focusing attention on Iraq, the National Geographic Society is issuing a new Atlas to the Middle East. The 96 page volume compiled by the Society's map makers goes on selling bookstores next week, and on a society's website immediately. It covers the history and current status of the 16-ation region under development since October. The Atlas has been issued about two weeks earlier than originally planned, because we want to get out before the war starts. So if Colis went to party started. The Atlas shows her back for example as a population of 20 feet point six million people, of which 4.9 million people have been in the capital that's in the bag, Dad. Every life expectancy is just 58 years, compared nearly 77 in the US. Each country has a separate section of the Atlas, which also includes maps in the major cities, including Baghdad, Jerusalem, Cairo, Damascus, and Tehran. The Education Commission of the States has geography as a problem in the AS schools. Reading in math, especially if you've got a lot of focus, I think social studies in geography have been taken up and pushed to the wayside, so Jennifer Dunay, a policy analyst with the ECS. She said the survey speaks loudly for students needing an international education complete with studies about World History, geography, culture, language or the countries, and of course language that their own country couldn't or either. If it gets my drift. Yeah, pretty amazing. Other than Neil, what the personality you listen to most on your radio, Jim Mad is 64-Hourits sperm 40. See if that changes any. You're watching it keep an eye on it. Sure. Randy Rose 27, Phil Henry's moved up to 23 already tied with Hank. Rush Limbaugh's got 22. Keep your eye on that one too, make sure that we don't have any free-presenter, assholes. Shnitz got 13, Paul and young Rhonda got 10, Mohar Davided 7. Dr. Laura Steve Kainav Ford, John Marka, Jim Romi has one, Romi Romi. Call me homie. I'm not too wrong, Sports Show. Tom Joyner and Fully Kennedy K. and Bob and Tommy Chavone. Big lip banded Rick Shaw and Albee still have the big. Nice bad. Don't you feel bad for Ricky Tickey? And what about George Norrie? We're going to get that one up there right away. That's when the votes are reading a start pouring in. Yeah, and O-O-R-Y. What do I care what this coming is? I mean, you'll put it on there. It'll be right. 253 votes so far. Once we get George Norrie under the votes are going to be pointed by the audience because it's the older space crowd, man. And we got a lot of those people like Carlos and the old voice to make book a brand. Want to hear about what Tommy went to ship land. That's them. The only space you pop on a sea land like right in my outside. He would be the one from smallville. Within a minute. Here's Boca. Hello. I'm more in the library. Okay, sir. Yeah, before I give you a name besides the owner of the pants is losing his ass on the hockey team. He's a company's stock in town about 50% this year. How do you like that? And I'm talking about. You know, you notice the trade deadline came and most of the teams did something to improve themselves and all they did was dumps salary again, get me to Val Burre and other stiff. And they got another right defenseman that nobody ever heard of another kid. And there's really no reason for people to come off because in performance at home is so dreadful. And you see for yourself, I know if you saw the game last night. But if it wouldn't have been for a long way, that would have been like a 10-nothing game. He plays great airbie game. He keeps it in the game, but they don't screw any goals in the home games. And he wants to pay to see that. That's right. Next year, it's going to be another bad year or also. I mean, you know, think about it. No, I don't have to think about it because who the hell are you going to get? And it looks to me. It looks to me like Dudley is paving away to say, hey, my keen and you want to go to New York or any place else. But by because he can see his assistant coaches that keen and brought in. He brings in his own two stiffs, including bringing back Sutter, which I have no idea why. And it's basically sending a message to Keenan like a nice tribe of Dubai. You know, and then we can save someone on your coaching salary, too. The feel later. There's another bleeding heart-level and Palm Beach County in the afternoon. Yeah. If you have it on the left, cannot. Joy's Kaufman. Joy's Kaufman is on the air. Oh, exactly. Thank you. Thanks for the bad news. Joy's Kaufman is still on the air. It's amazing. That is shocking. Yeah, the Panther organization, man. And of course they said, you know, they're going to save more money. Get rid of that 3.9 minute dollar salary, a brewery is getting Valerie. But the fact that it matters was same thing next year when it comes time to spend money on free agents. And it's just like they said before, get rid of the other brewery, Pavel. And somebody tells Sam Rosen, it's not bore, please. I like you, Sam, but you're full of crap. Well, I'm a sin thing again. They're not going to spend that money because they're losing their ass. They're losing their ass. What is this, uh, facts here? Good morning, Neil. First of all, I agree with the card. I mentioned QM, Jingle of live and local. He's right. I think it sounds great. It live and local. That's a great idea. That is us. Recrezier than a bedbug. If you don't believe us, just ask. He'll tell you. I've been a long time listening to you show. My usual routine with them. I've ready to tune to five 60 while having the mute button on the TV and switching around from CNN. MSNBC and Fox News. Oh, but recently, I got so sick of watching Iraq this and wore that. And the same coverage going on and on. Then I gave up trying to keep up with the news on TV. That only read newspapers for that fix. But I found the greatest way to listen to the Roger show. I have the radio blurring loud and proud. And I have the TV on with the old vitamins, which back and forth between the two Spanish channels. It's great. The women on those big stations are incredible. And I don't know a lick of Spanish. It's the worst out of perfect. But I guess he would like to lick it. I see enough TNA during those three hours that it satisfies my entire day. Just a little advice to past long, you listen. Give it a shot. Here you go. It is. If it's not too much trouble, could you pass a little time playing one of the old default bits for old time six? Hey, how come we didn't put Jeff in the forest on there? Good question. See? I mean, I didn't think this would be a list that we have to like, you know, I wish that right. Like this last guy talked a little hockey there for like 10 seconds. That was fine. You know, we're trying to bring them out of their shell a little bit as opposed to just say, Ah, I tried to compliment you know something. Something. Little something. It says that the one that comes to mind was soon after he was busted and keeps on saying, Thank you for your call. Do we know what that's called? Uh, Booker Brian Malok is a book for you. Thank you for your call. That's so many of those. Here's what it says. I was at the pan to game and they actually didn't have a good crowd of 10 to 12,000. What? Actually, we came in at 730. There was a line of 200 people purchasing tickets. The only problem was 75% were from Montreal. Well, they must have come in off the lake because this was in the middle of the first period. And they paned that place and it was empty. Okay. So if there were had a good crowd, they must have shown up a day late in $50 short. You know how many people I think really paid to see that game last night? I'm 30 man. That's it. P.S. Elizabeth Smart dropped the ceremony of a pocket to start the game. Oh, oh. Oh, and actually it was Gary Carter, which is why we really lost. He must have been trained to the wrong. God, Gary Carter. You shouldn't say that because he's rumors would close personal buddy and he used to be their neighbor, which I can't stand Gary Carter. I don't care, but we're okay if you want to take it personal. You're entitled. Just get on the plane and have a safe trip. But don't give me your Gary Carter crap or be easier stuff either. Another good born again. God, those born against man, those goodly two shoes. They're all so much better than we are. Not better than the Mormons. 1013 at 5. And you know something PD Lenny still hasn't given me the information. Now this is scandalous and it goes to show you. We are local a QM. We just don't care. Here's our fine sponsor Barbecue's galore. And he still hasn't told me what the sales starts today or tomorrow. Anyway, skid to be 100 in the shade just about every day in South Florida even though it's only March. Does turning on a hot stove to go into turn you off, I bet it does. Maybe you should start grilling and frog your barbecue needs shop at a great place. Barbecue's galore. Barbecue's galores the guaranteed lowest prices in town in this weekend even get lower than usual. Because barbecue's galores holding their big annual spring sale. Today, Friday, Saturday and Sunday only is what it says in this part of the copy, PD. Today, Friday, Saturday and Sunday only. Think of energy huge savings like 15% off both barbecue and accessories at Barbecue's galore. Save over 275 bucks on a 50-to-inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie. Stameless grills inside burner. The price is unbeatable. Or how about saving that a Weber grill just great for tailgating. There's a barbecue for every price range and smokers and patio heaters and accessories. Cookbooks and sauces to roll on sale too. You get a gigantic selection on beatable sale prices. An eligible and friendly stamp they'll fit you with the right grill for what you be need. Tom Brands great service and annual spring sale going on Friday through Sunday only. It says here in this part of the copy, well, ask them when you go in there say, PD Lenny's a moron and they'll say, boy, you're right about that. It's all going on Barbecue's galore this weekend. There you're Barbecue specialist. Don't forget, say, 15% all weekend log and barbecue's galore. They're in temptation and coral springs. And if you want to get the exact location, just call them toll free and 1-800-Greal up. 1-800-Greal up for Barbecue's galore. Little mini fan clue. You're sports radio 560's UAM. Pick a wee wee. Hi, this objective flores look a paraphrico knows restauranty. They got good food here. I like it and it tastes good too. Keep in bowl bowls of food like clams placebo. Zuper the Giopeci. This Destaca allegragiola, and of course my personal favorite scallopini, Oifungi. You can enjoy a fine wine with your meal. I personally recommend any green springs or a grandma boule. They got great desserts here too, like pasta de jordi and run around the zoo. Capirapica knows restauranty. Is conveniently located right across the street from Jefferson. That's Capirapica knows restauranty for fine Italian diner. Just tell them Jeff the flores sent here. And Bon appetit. Ten 18 that 560 WCM the Van dog at one hand can three. What do we got tonight? The Marlins and the Metzaccivation Baseball 650. If you want to hear that do you? Anycamps at a baseball game from G.A. and Joe Markle. That's our schedule. Now what were you mumbling to me right at the end of my spot? QA morning, bone crews. The bit that guy's talking about. Oh. Well, that's I didn't know what tell the name of that was. So that was the default one form. That'll have to do. And we got the default one. We don't have any votes yet. And also got Joe Rose on there, which I have no idea why because Joe Rose is only like a part time or on QM on a weekend. And once it was a feeling for the mad dog. But that's okay. I guess we can put him on this. We like Joe. He's okay. Better than what we got now. So how's that thing coming? Chandler and two votes. Let's see if those percentages be changed a little bit. Other than the new about radio personality, listen to most humanity 73 Howard sperm 49. Rush Limbaugh 37. Phil Henry 29. Now that Rush thing keep your eye on it. Okay. I because if those ask for a free republic dot com star free, then we're just going to throw him off the list altogether. Randy Rose 29. Hank Goldberg 25. The Schmidt, myster 14. Paul on old run 12. Mohour David is stuck on seven. Bob and Tom five. Joe and Mark can Tom. Joe and him and Steve Kain and Dr. Laura HF4. Roman and any K ever. Have a pair. Ever seen them together? I'm sorry. It is. So that footage got one big lip bad. It's got one almy silk. Which is Lord George dolly and Joyce Kaufman and depth eagle and George those out. All those almost people people obviously like they are and they. Joyce Kaufman, I value Doyyson. She's so wonderful and so liberal and so Jewish. 5670 550 560 elevations. 20 cents accounted like 50 and some 51. Uhm. 20 56 ready for that. ready for that. Just in time for nice vacation. Here's colorado, yellow. Yes sir. Well hi, hey up in monitoring your shoe for several years. I love it. I'd have to go with so Henry on the pole. I thank everything. Mo has. It's Kirby did to you. Yeah. Here, peace. And thank you guys. I'm really surprised that she was found alive. Archie, I'm surprised we don't have a whole bunch of calls about Elizabeth's card. After all, she said 75 consecutive hours of coverage and that's like many hours before she was found. Yeah. Well, most of those cases as usually the Calvin's did. Well, you know, I thought so too, but yesterday on the news, they said that most of them are found. Now, you know, if you listen to one of these experts, they'll say most of them aren't found. They see if if they're alive after the first two hours, the chances are okay that they're going to be alive. I guess that's what I heard Tuesday because they said that if they're going to kill us, usually within the first two hours, but he didn't want to kill her. He wanted to keep her in his second bride. And you call up all places. Yeah. How do you like that? What a moron. Right. Okay. Thanks for the call, Kyle. Okay. Have a great day. Where do they get notions like that about second wives and multiple wives and things like that? From a crazy asshole, legend. You know, from Joseph Smith, M. Oh, R. Oh, and he left the other M out. Yeah, the one who the Bible was it. Oh, wait. I'm sorry. It was Joseph Smith, man. He had the tablets. Okay. And he said, take two and call us in a morning. He said, take two wives and call me in a morning and then take couple more. He also had 3 D glasses that he really. He was in Palmyra, New York, you know, yes, I do. You know where Palmyra is up there. Let me show you on the map. Oh, right now, it's right here. I rack. It's right near my rack. Five. Oh, I tell you, we could choose a lot more calls. We got five billboards up there. We have one call for each billboard. I'd be happy. No. Seriously, I was thinking about that during a break. If we could just get one call for each billboard, I feel like we're accomplishing something out there. But these people all they can do is just add a name to a list. You've got to break. You've got to have a little bit more than that. Come on, folks. I'm sure you can do it. When I've heard your blow in a goddamn world, I've got to go to war any goddamn day. We hate the freedom fries. We got a Elizabeth smart as home occasion is not on that story. After nine months of disappearing, and we thought that she might be dead, and this comeback, preacher, uh, goofball, polygamous, run off with her, and we found her yesterday. Thank God. She's still alive in a good shape. But like I said, I'm a fear. Some other crap may have gone down. I'm pretty sure all of these things. And these people are like, you know what they remind me of. They remind me of Mrs. Wallace on passions. You know, after Beth keeps putting the duct tape, you got to use do the time. Some of the duct tape keeps putting the duct tape over her mouth and has got to tie to the wheel, share its great. I just gone Beth. What a great show to bed. You're not into it. Sure, a lot better than the craft you watch. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Oh, yeah, Neil. Thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call, sir. Well, you know, I saw one of those billboards, so I decided to call. Okay. I'll add a name to what's in the one. I'll talk a little bit about the one I rack. Uh, Richard Simmons. When we add him. When is what time is he on? He's on the troll of the block and the B. A. Get out of here. Yeah. It's not the Rick and so I get there. I can't know. No thanks. No thanks. What about Craig? He's doing a show up in the WSPR. He is? Yeah. No, no thanks. No thing. Well, you have to put people on there that anybody knows where they are in a station that somebody can hear. Nobody knows. Even I didn't even know who's on a year. Yeah. He's back on the air. Yeah. Great. Nice going. Craig. But anyway. Well, I think I have the answer for all of our problems. Uh, we got to send Gilbert over there. Okay. See, how did I know what was one of those first few starts with Craig Warthing and some guy Richie Simmons on Waxy and always into Gilbert. Okay. Probably Gilbert one of Gilbert's board friends this way. Oh my god. Oh, I was on such a high. I thought I felt I was taking a loose anage and maybe that somebody in the semis and asked her or something. Isn't that was I thought it was just sugar cubes from my T for my throat. Sugar cookies. 79 votes for the mad dog 52 for Howard sperm 39 for Phil Henry Rush Limbaugh 39. Keep your eye net rush thing. Randy Rhodes with 30. She's kind of dropping back. Hank Goldberg 25. The Schmidt-Mister 25. Paul and Ron 14 and will Howard David and still stuck on seven. He stuck and can't get on. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pond these calls are sensational. You know, just keep this in mind as you get ready for next week. He's going to be great. Yeah. It'll be dynamite. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You have great show by like you have a heartably one of the best shows of radio. I'm up here. You better. You know what that sounds like? That's it. Drop off the needs that was breaking bomb up here. How are you? How are you getting ratings? I mean, I was made through the static. In the state of the TV digital, digital, how do you have such a ship? With 50, 60 year old technology. Because I have a bad agent. That's the answer to your question. You're a little bit. If I was on the answer, if I was on national radio, I would be a contender man. I'd be kick and serious answer. I'd be making millions and millions and millions. I'd be influencing people. I'd be making to help and make decisions on a world. And I'm on as low as little horseball station in South Florida on the ass end of the dial. And nobody can hear inside of Bill that finally after five and a half years under threat of death and lawsuits, finally put up a few billboards. And it's you're right. It's a miracle. Anybody knows that we're on. But you know what? I get my people get my car. I say, hey, I'll listen. They say, how can you even hear that? They can hear because there's so much static and every day during the summer. It's just amazing. Yeah, if you think it's bad in Jupiter, you ought to hear it on your rainous. Good luck. You're a pound. Have a great day. Go back. Crank it up real loud. Okay, open window. Crank it up real loud. 1026 at 560 WQM. We'll get some calls here today. If we have to bust your gut. Okay, I'm not going to do it. Because I make a nice recovery now. I feel excellent. But plus some counting down. You know, the rest of the day. And we got tomorrow. And then you run all next week. Do which I say. Oh, wow. Do I need this vacation or what? Big time. How did you grade place the O.D. Lights-West book if you tried to lose some weight? Which I'm doing now? I lost a couple more pounds. I got to do it. Got to do it, man. Get that pressure down. Get rid of those blood pressure pills. Get rid of those diabetes pills. Throw them out the window. Anyway, the Lights-West book is a super store for people who are trying to lose weight on the Atkins, when you have the low carb diet. It's a great sugar free store. And low carb store. They got three new flavors of their low carb crunchy rackage chips. And new low carb brownies by carb control and four delicious flavors with only one carb preserving. So whether it's their carbolite ice cream, breads, muffins, cheese case, pasta and sauces. Or any of the other 600 low carb foods. The lights-West book it is the place you're going to love because this door is entirely dedicated to use. And you can sample anything in the store before you have to buy it. They got a knowledgeable staff that knows they're dieting inside and out. They're open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10. And at the lights-West book, they carry the most complete line of Atkins, brands, products in the world. And a good part of it is they're all 25% off the regular price all day every day. The Atkins diet is rated way up there. So after the number one low carb sugar free store around, the lights-West book, on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market, or call 1-877 low carb. We're checking out the web at lowcarb.com. When you mention PD Lenny, you just have to hit the lights. They'll say, oh, you mean the guy that's probably leaving QA in pretty soon? I don't have a penis. And so we got yet another exponent in his spectacular little how the David is show. No, no, no, no, no. Jay Feetler coming up is a very special guest today. And after that we got another very special guest coming up tomorrow. That will be Jay Feetler. What are you doing, Mom? What are you doing? Mom! I'm clipping my nose here. What's it to you? You just can't do a more than showing cut your nose here. And really I can't do about it. It's my show. Oh, no, what I want. No! Just like I was telling that shaman tank they called our ring. That's not nice. Ready, I've made it nice. You see the size of that problem? Talk about jumpable. Somebody wants to paint. Yes, I know what I'm going to do. There's no other promotion anyway, huh? The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy. Why don't you think she can eat an entire ham? Oh, you're spashing it now. Yeah, I can smell the brinsnature of the belly. You have to go in the air and save those nasty things about me. Oh, there you come into my place of business. Don't you know we'll hide? Like I'll go with it. I've had enough. You, Professor, get right here. Peace, wearing fossilized, metaphysical, film, motherland. I'll see here, Fasso. You're fired. Hey, you bastards. Come, Jimmy. Oh, I'm gonna fall soon on your boat. Put on his face. You're going to crush him. Oh, my. Between my buns. I'm getting out of here. Oh, good boy. Give me. Yeah, I'm gonna get you messed up for a shower. It'll taste. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. 33 at 5. 60 there goes a moment where I'll drain again, but I just can't to get it all straight now, you know. Here's one that says I have a suggestion for future pull. This could be to Mars pole. Did you look at this? Did you examine this? If you try to control yourself, try to put yourself back together. Again, okay, I realize that after that, you might be a little bit hemidifically speaking, but try to control yourself. I do like this pole. Who do you trust the least right now? America's WN is Kronies. Iraq's Sodom Hussein, the Vatican's Pope John Paul II with Francis Joccherach. When you come down, Palestine's Yes, your Amaphart is Real's Ariel Sharon, or Korea's Kim Jong-il, Mohour David and Greg Reed, what a great list. Oh, man. I think we might actually do that tomorrow. Ah. In fact, we might do it today because, uh, with his phone is gone, man, pretty weak. Pretty weak responses usual by George is trying to look at the floor. I'll talk about the floor. Well, at least, at least, uh, in the in the studio, they're enjoying the show of the audience. Yeah, it's the same usual coma, same crap. 383 votes, so they're busy banging away on our pool. How's the photo? What is he gonna have votes yet? That punk that called him the Craig Wooden. Who was that was that Brian Craig? Was that one of us these boyfriends or something? Why God? These little radio groupies, man. It just makes me nauseous. There's nothing that makes me a more upset than talk show groupies. God. What a breed they are. Oh, how about Joyce Kaufman? I actually was a good guy to call them, but nevertheless, probably was a radio accident. In fact, look at that. There's only two people on a holistic that have no votes. You see who they are? No. Albezook and DFO. DFO. Wow. Were you just settled down? Okay, next thing, you know, Dorrine's gonna come in and beat the crap out of you if you don't calm down. Forward Dorrine. So if you see, we, oh, look at that Lisbon's file. I was fine, Lisbon's smart. It was 14 years old when she was taken. Oh, brother, pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa pappa. It just goes on and on and on and on and will never stop. It's incredible. The media is sick and he's got badly. Good, got all mighty. We're getting ready to go to war. Tony Blair's gonna get sacked over there by the bridge. They're just gonna throw them out on his ass. And it's just, it's insanity. They get a hold of one story and right away, they just, they blow it up like it, just like Ali on all over again, man. Just like I told you, whatever the media decides is important, you're gonna get immersed in it. Okay, you're gonna put on your energies and take your entire brain, whatever you've got left at this point. And you're gonna immerse yourself in whatever CNN and MSNBC and Fox News tells you we're just sticking out like that. Here's a call from Miami, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. I never got to tell you what the most annoying song was. Good, well that's good. Oh, thank God. What? I'm not going to listen to that crap again and the fact. Let me say it again. Anybody that wants to call this show and just give a name for a list, you're gonna be gone faster than you can say. That. Okay. Oh, yeah, I never got a rod to tell you that. Oh, by the way, I put you took six weeks ago. But what's your favorite kind of kishki? Speaking of kishki. Yes, that barbecue thing. Ishub sale. barbecue's galore? Yes. When is the sale today? Today, today, today. Oh, okay, well, that's good. And did he actually come in and tell you that? No, don't wait and try and down, tag. Yeah. Oh, my God. You know, I asked stuff about PD Lenny. And you know what he said? He's an asshole. That's what he said. That's exactly what the moth mice do told me. But all of me forget that stuff. We got we got so many great bits today because obviously the caller has got on the say because it's not just another list with one name. I might just play doing seriously because you I played a lot of the stuff before the show. I'm going to get to my great stuff. Oh, God. You know, give people a few yucks and also that weapons of mass destruction. I pledged myself on playing that at least once an hour all day. Ah, and tomorrow. That's one of the great. That that's his all-time great master piece of the S. Me and that covers a lot of territory. Other than Neil, what radio personality do you listen to most? Jim Mad Dog, man. It's 87. You can't meet the Mad Dog. Oh, right. He's doing it, baby. He's a wild man. He's a lunatic. And that's what we like. Live and local. That's us at WQA and where we're radioish. Go for your next hour. We'll give you the addresses of all of the most billboard. Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. It's 87. Howard Stern. 61. I was not interesting. Since it got to be 1037, Howard sperm's percentage went down. That up. Huh? He was over 15%. Well, I kept my eye on it. I kept my eye peeled. Phil Henry of course as we knew which was related. This was sorry about that. Are you sure? Yeah. Phil's got 50. A large ass limb. I was got 50. Shnitz got what is wrong with you? What is so funny now? The way to reaction. Oh, Shnitz got 45. Randy Rhodes with 31. Hank Goldberg with 30. Paul and young Ron with the 15. Mohore David has got eight. 5 and time seven. Join Mark 5 back to Laura 5. Time join her and Steve Kaney. To have four. Old time join to the fly. Jack. Don't you remember him? Hmm. The small potatoes for heat. He's so bad on passions. They hit him on for like two days. Probably in formant with him. He was getting a. Huh? Was he ever funny? Did he ever do or anything funny? No, and if you think his radio gig is bad, you ought to see his acting on passions so bad in burasing. Anyway, even Rebecca was put off by it. Roamy has three. Footies got two. Roamy and footie. Roamy and footie were sweet. Harden. That makes a great song. Any case got a pair of big look banded. He has one. Rick Shaw's got one. That's here at my good friend. Back to him. Rick Shaw's got one. That's not what I want. That's what I want, sorry Rick. We took the time to call in a wish me happy anniversary. I'm 27. I still am emotional about that. That was damn nice. That was really. That's certainly nice to hear anything. Greg reads every done. I'll put it at that. And it was heartfelt with Ricky Tickie. That's that's what I liked. He said you do great radio. I'm just getting choked him. What am I now? Greg, the George Newies got one. Yes, he Carlos, you tell him when we have put that on there. Then all of a sudden, oh my god, all these votes are going to come up for that. At one of his name is, and I was a name both, too. Huh? That was oyster like a vote for that for sure. Yeah, figures. What are you telling me? And what do you do next? Geek, a pencil and a geek. George Newies got one. Joyce Calvin's got one. How you doing, Joyce? Oh, come on, I can't stand that on here. Ha ha ha ha. Joe Rose has one. And now it'll be sick and silk and defos still. I've not had a 424 votes. They got to be. Oh, oh. How do you like that? The ifos got about 75 billboards all over the place in his hand him for months and months and months. And they spent it with their own money, they're on the light bulb. And he's got nobody listening. How do you like that? So based on with the vast audience we've had over these last five and a half years or you stay, have anyway, we ought to have like a hundred billboards. But we'll settle for the five. Oh, I hate to write the newest year moment. There's another mystery one that looks like it's going up in near the, you know, my, me international. And guess who that's going to be again. Oh, god. Yeah, you only get one, Mo, okay. You haven't earned more than one. I want to do it with listed billboards. That's an important thing. Isn't that? I, oh, I hope I didn't Schmidt candidate. That would be bad. Well, if I did, I'm sure that muffled fact should again, I give him something to do, right? Now here it is. Howard David's billboard turn plaque on the east side. Visible going south just north of Sterling Road. It'll make you flip your lid when you see Mo. Twenty, before 11 at five, 60 WCM, let's get those phones. Let's have a phone festival today in honor of home. Whatever it is. Honor of Elizabeth Smartbean found. Right. Oh, home. She's safe. And it's the Shamrock ceremony. There's a president. The position demanded that Iraq. I'd be like that. Oh, he's talking about the Shamrock. Time layman and Joe Prieto of Halipadi, GMC are pleased as punchman like Hubert Humphrey. And proud of announce their Neil Deal Marshmagnus sale that's going on. As I speak right now, Neil Deal number one, pick out any new GMC or Pontiac and stock like the 33 mile a gallon vibe. Let me say again, 33 miles per gallon prices lowest 13,998 and get yourself 0% financing from the 60 months. You heard right, your ears aren't too a dual maxi buildup. 0% from up to 60 months. Here's Neil Deal number two at Halip right now. Choose any new vehicle and stock and get yourself up to a $3,000 rebate. And you are... Absolutely correct. Get up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle and stock. Halip's also got as always great Neil deals on quality use cars, car's, truck's, SUV's. And you don't have to worry about getting a deal done because they're not picky about your credit like so many of the other car dealers. If you've got any, does our whatsoever to get you into something, they'll get you into it. And maybe vehicle too. It's another set of great Neil deals going on now at Halip 134, one South Fixie Highway that's on US one right across from the falls. They've been going strong there for over 35 years and the reason they're still around and going strong is because they feature right in that great deals. They're open every day, seven days a week for more info. You can call the Neil Deal hotline at one AAA. Don't I sound great today? Yeah. Well, I'm serious because I've been... I've been Ellen Man. I've been read this is the first. Yeah, I feel like almost humans since that stroke, even though everybody takes it very lightly. Ha ha ha ha yeah. Yeah, you know, you understand? Stroke. But a mindless asshole called the Neil Deal hotline at one AAA 53442 11. That's one AAA 53442 11. Don't forget all Neil deals are subject to credit to ProVolc dealer for the tails. The one good thing is that I get to call every day from somebody in middle or upper of a management there at QMC. You doing all right, now you're feeling anything? Halip on the HG and the C unlike our radio station, they do be professional grade. And more, this is the course for the O56. We're the two and a half. First, first, come on out! The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominate people guilds with the gas that we stole him. First time a crescer nation had me only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil to it. Forget about Korea. The Newster told you that the right queen is really getting over and over to our head. And the rag has some weapons of past destruction. Three thousand people killed. On an out-for-got, I've exploited a bit stand. Eight, there's oil to be knotted. Going after set down to play Keto Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Lottis. Let's know and see if concerned all of them. A fee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel-in-minute station. Back and throw this by fear through the E.M. And the clearly shamanna, who lies queen is really getting over and over to our head. And I rag Keto, weapons of past destruction. The last civil rights is the right that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ass-profit is the end. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying, I know being in cattle don't have any reservations. Now don't provoke battle ends. We're all annihilation. Odrigin must fall, it's have a virgin and stoke. With no objection at all. Till the crackdown have the fall and the right queen is really getting over to our head. Till our parade was bent. I rag Keto, weapons of past destruction. How only I rag Keto, weapons of past destruction. What a effen genius, you know, he's just amazing. Never know what to look at him with that oyster neck, I'll tell you. It goes to show you. Exactly. 1049. Oh look at that, it lives a bit smart, he's home, he's saying, oh, right. I just saw that on the corner of my eyes. Yeah, God, what am I citing today, you know? I wonder if he was so good. Let's take a look at this pool and boy, they are pouring phony votes in on here like they're coming from the sky, you know what we don't care, just crank him in there, Eric likes that. Let's get 50 million hits today. And on the website too. How does the Neil, what radio personality do you listen to most? Jim Mad Dog Manage 96. The Mad Dog is God. Oh, right. There you go. Wow. How come easily got one billboard? I guess you don't need it, right? I guess. Plus I guess the fact he follows this show and then be a good pull question. Who'd you rather follow? Mohour David or Uncle Neil. Jim Manage 96, Howard sperm six, the eight, or how do you like to follow Marlon's baseball? No. Sorry Hank. Rush Limbaugh 64. Phil Henry 59, Schmidt 57. See that's what makes the Rush number look very suspect to me. Is that Rush and Schmidt are like moving up rapidly on a list? Don't believe it. Randy rose 37. Wow. She started working with a bang man and then kind of Peter. You know what I mean? Right. I mean she's still doing pretty good, but hey, Goldberg 36. Randy's got more than Hank. I don't believe it. Paul and Young Ron 15 on Zeta. Mohour David and stuck on eight. Bob and Tom also have eight. Boy, can you imagine if Bob and Tom are on morning's remonstration? Oh, would we kick answer what? They are great. Dr. Laura's got me a question. They don't do a sports show. They do a lot of indie 500 stuff that time of the year, but they don't do a sports show and Greg wouldn't like that. But this is the only time I've ever worked on a radio station where we have to have a format to suit the general manager's mentality. Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. I never really thought about that up until this moment. We have to be really, and fact, even when before we started on the station, in some of the discussions I had with Tanner and some of those other glam, it was very obvious that they would like to have a try to move him away away from so much sports emphasis, away from it. See what I'm saying? Because they realize that it's narrow casting. It's like people are talking about golf every day. It's narrow casting. Anyway, Mohs got eight. Bob and Tom, a Dr. Laura, Joe and Mark F. 5. The cane monster Mr. Ego's got four as does Roe Me and Tom Joyner. Eddie Cays got three. Putty's got a pair and I's going for you idiot. Got to see an asshole. Big lip ended too. Jeff the force got a vote. Oh! Joe Rose got one. Ricky Tickie Shaw's got one. George Norris still got poker Brian's. Votes still got the same one. Joyce Kaufman's got one. And I'll be so catch none. Well that's because we have no crossover with Power 96, you know? Right. Do we? Of course not. We don't have those young punks. They listen to Power 96. They don't even know where to fight us on the dial. Tying. Yeah. Huh? Tying who leaps. Right. Forget about finding a racon. And map those punks to listen to Power. They don't know where to help. We are. Or who we are. I think about us. And it's probably just as well. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How are you man? Pretty damn good. It's uh, how long it'll help here. So we don't want to feel like it. And it's warm enough here. Gonna be 50 this weekend. Man, we are excited. Oh. People might around in shorts. Andy, I'll read it. I'll call you um. Don't you think that uh, if the guy really finances terrorists activity uh, tell them us a doll and uh, he's in a. He's in a. He's in a. There was a thing in the paper this morning. He's still sending 10 grand to the uh, Palestinian terrorists. Well, don't you think that's reading or not to get them to hang out out of there? No. No. I think what you've had to do is contain them like we contain the Soviets for like 50 years. But I'm going to war and kill in a bunch of uh, innocent people. And so what? And opening up a can of worms that we have no idea what the repercussions are going to be. Well, yeah, you got to you got, you got, you know, I'm going to stand. Let me ask you. Let me ask you this question. They keep saying, well, for 12 years, he's flooded the world of the. You went, what has he done in the last 12 years? I mean, other than, you know, the send it. He's texted the Palestinian terrorists. What has he done in the last 12 years? Did he invade another country since we got about a. Kuwait? No. No. Did he guess any more of his own people? Which the Kurds aren't we, his own people? But did he? No. He's a dangerous man with a lot of money. And let me ask you something. Aren't there a lot of other dangerous men with a lot of money? Yeah, but he's in a position of, you know, to I think to do harm. Based on what? And he, anything, wait, wait a minute, when you've got somebody cornered, when you got the microscope on him on every move that he makes and everything that they do. And if they would like double our tribunal inspectors and put a UN peacekeeping force in there. And like expand the no fly zone, you'd have him locked up, tighter than a drum. So we're still not at, on our ass and wait for him to decide to do something stupid. Yeah, you didn't listen to what I just got through saying. No, I understand what you saying. You know, a lot of surveillance. If you had Ted Bundy and his dangerous as he was, if you had him locked up in a small cell, and you kept your eye on 24 hours of age surveillance and never let him out. You think he could have killed any more women? No. And at the point, that's the point surveillance works. And they are including a house open for yesterday's polls. And people forgot, we know cook. That guy's about to cook. Okay. What was yesterday's poll? Who's going to die first to celebrity? Oh, Bino cook. He's hoping I think it'll be. Oh, yeah, that would be good. That would sure get Hank's ratings back up. They're all, uh, Clarence told me that Bino was a very high-illistened show. They actually figured that out. They extrapolated? Yeah. And he decided that. The Bino's worth that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world. Let's face it, Sodom's a bad guy. He gased his own people. He invaded another country. He drank water out of a creek. On the deal, that the bris water to make him know that six point deal had to reto be on TV and yeah, and saying that he wasn't going to do, uh, uh, uh, the master structure. The one, they, they actually had a deal going there for a while. Well, look at this, erected delivery ports on VX nerve agent and trash breaking news. Shoes and there are many outstanding issues when it comes to chemical and biological weapons. Let's go to the United Nations right now and check in with Richard Roth, which. No, that's not. But anyway, the one thing that was the stomach block is where he said Sodom was going to have to play 18 round a whole Zagolf with Prince Charlie and where the kills in the long stock in the middle of the day. And he had a little bit of a black gum. It's day, dude. You can play any time. And five six, oh, W Q A. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You could have my cool spades. His eyes can't even tear off. Once wrong with my cool spades. He wears the doctor's mask whenever he goes outside. When they're just head to surgery, he's we know he lies. He like a gay show boy. I'm rousing go too high. A holy clamped in his chair. He don't look like a guy. He's a guy. Dumb and hip, or jack on a cage. What happened to my cool spades? He wears up with my cool spades. Yeah, the whole thing's out of play. Doesn't have lips like Randy Montenegro made or keep toes. You'd be more likely to see that face and man than to those. If you're depressed, take your arm. You could have my cool spades. I said can't even tear off. Once wrong with my cool spades. He's strange creature. Here's wrong about his face. What happened to my cool spades? It's 11 on 3 and 5, 60 W Q A. I'll just call me in the middle of a swing of my diet. I would be back. If you know about people drink diet coke and positive. Anyway, this passage is rather sad because I guess somebody out there in the audience is very naive. It says the reality of this administration sadly for them enjoys to us. Is that they are kindergarten bullies preaching, Schmitt, the logical thinking Americans we've had time to think it out. He can't get away with it and he's going to realize it soon. Well, nothing could be. He's got a totally backrights. He is getting away with it. He's getting away with it now. He's got the American people easily brainwashed. He's led. Just keep repeating the same bull crap over and over again. Just like that guy was on a couple calls. He's a dangerous guy. I'll tell you one thing. Kim Jong-Eel is not only dangerous, but not only has no f's. But he's a crazy as a bedbock. He's not just an evil doer. He's a crazy evil doer. He's a evil crap. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. These are the same people that were doing business five years ago with the Sodom or that evil doer. Right. Halibut and the Texas Company, which has been awarded the Pentagon's contract to put out potential oil field fires in Iraq, and which is bidding for post-war construction contracts. Is still making annual payments to its former chief executive, the vice president Dick Cheney. The payments which appear a Mr. Cheney's 2000 month financial disclosure statement are in the form of the fur compensation of up to $1 million a year. When he left Halibut and 2000 become George W.s. running made he up to not receive his leading payment in the lump sum, but instead have it paid to him over five years possibly for tax reasons. And a to the vice president said yesterday, this is money that Mr. Cheney was owed by the corporation as part of his salary for the time he was employed by Halibut and which was a fixed amount paid to him over time. The company would not say how much the payments are. The obligatory disclosure's statement filed by all top government officials say that they're only in the range of $100,000 and a million dollars. Whatever that means, and or is it clear how they're calculated. Halibut is one of five large US corporations. The others are the Bechtel Group, floor core Parsons Group and the Lewis Burger Group invited a bit for contracts. It will make it out to be the biggest reconstruction project since WWE 2. It says to me that it will be worth up to $900 million for the preliminary work alone such as rebuilding Iraq's hospitals, ports, airports and schools. In other words, in the long run, we're talking about multi-billion dollar contracts. So obviously, money's got nothing to do with it. The more that you're hurting about Richard Pearl, money has nothing to do with that either, which is Robert your pro is so we're going back because he's so bent out of shape. Right. So we're buying the loan because what we're buying the bombs and then we're going to rebuild the buildings that we blow up at the bombs that we've on. Right. Now you got it. Do you think we can rebuild the people that we kill? Well, they can do that. Here's a call from West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes? I've been working for 10 years. You're holding on to him. Fuck, bad man! 560, 0560, pound 560. And it's so little time. You guys with the butterfly net's out there that are running around so little time, so much work to do. One last call on the board, and then I guess we'll go to play in all these great bits that we've got because I got another say today. Yeah. That's here. It's tragic. It's a national scandal. And this guy's talking about, oh, you can't talk like a bunch of kindergarten kids in the American public. Right. Who are you, kid, Mr? What kind of are you living on? Well, they're going to have to son his out. It's a beautiful day, man. What a clock comes. I'm going to hit the street. I'm going to go out there and have me a nice lunch. Good. You bet your sweet ass. I'm going to go out there and have me a nice lunch. I'm going to read all the newspapers. Fine. I want to read it going out in the real world. Most of the snow is melted and just like vanished out there. It's a fantastic life baby. Who would be any place but there. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. As far as the freedom of five go, they're going to get real serious and have freedom of ticklers. It's a good point. Yeah. That's right. What we talked about there. Freedom kissing. Mm-hmm. Oh, it was about this home. Here's a good day. Oh, baby. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If we're a little bit smart as home. Her dad calls for a national amber alert. He's been fighting for that since he disappeared. But don't you think that I'm not being smart when I say this. But with all the confusion we got already on the yellow alert and the orange alert on the terror alert. I mean, how many alerts can we have? You know, well, let's dispense with that silly horse crab. That would be a good idea. There's a happy amperma right. We have missing kids like we're really going to mean something as opposed. We don't want people like running to the windows and jumping out for his out of his stereo. Every time we get another one of these damn alerts go. I mean, let's poppy top. Right. To pacify the public. Just like the duct tape. You know, again, this goes back to that facts that I write about the kindergarten thing. I want you to stop and think. They said that, oh, I don't know what the percentage was. But there was a significant percentage of the American populace. And we know it because they ran out to their home depot and all their hardware stores. Most of the coast and they bought up the duct tape and the visc queen and the bottled water. I mean, duct and then and then he had a week later when they were getting ready to lower the alert again. I come to find out that a lot of it was based on phoenix information. At that point, he gets up there and he's starting to make jokes about, well, store the duct tape. Oh, yeah. You know what that reminds me of? It's like these press conferences. Here we're talking about embarking on saying going into uncharted territory. We have no idea what's really going to happen here. Okay. With this little thing that we think we're going to accomplish in a couple of days. We don't really know what kind of head doors box we're going to open up. What kind of a Tinder box we're going to set off. And in the meantime, every time they have one of these press conferences, we got their yucketed up. I like it like it's some kind of a sports press conference or something. Yeah, like it's an exercise. And we're on sale. The courses have been doing this ever since 9.11. Since he started having his practically daily pow hours with the media. They're his little daily shadow boxing with the media. Ha ha ha ha ha. I like it to make jokes. Gangway, paint the only thing that's funny. Yeah, I get it. I guess it is. 560, 50560 pound, 50. Should Congress pass a national amperler, measure to aid in locating missing children. See an inseskin on their full 7% know 92% say. Yes, course they should. It works. In fact, the people have found her in these two scumbags. They're recognized to the guy from TV. They said we know it was him because he looked just like the picture that we've been seeing on TV. How do you like that? What are you laughing about? Why are you chuffling? Oh, remembering that bit. Oh. Let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale, huh? Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. I don't want to ramble off, but I just like to tell a quick story about our social security system. No thanks. Call up Randy. Oh, my. Are you kidding me? Did I really hear that right or what? Are we going back to the KAT? Is this like going full cycle again? Go and back to the social security system? You must be off your rock or man? This is the show where we try to keep the average demographic on the edge of death. And what are we doing celebrity death watches on this show now? Holy cow. Back home. And those British girls have been read a lot about what they've been doing lately. No, what? They just don't want to back in anything. She can't get out of it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Other than Neil, what radio personality do you listen to most? That's our poll on NeilRodgers.com today. Where we got some fantastic bedtime stories and a great cartoon too today. You better go to NeilRodgers.com if you really want to see what's going on in the world. You managed 110. We get a lot of phony votes on here. Not for bad dog. Howard Sterne 93. We believe those. Rush Limbaugh 73 and Schnitt 68. Do you believe that? No. No. Phil Henry 65. Does anybody listening to me right now? Believe that there are more Neil Rogers listeners who listen to the Schnitt Myster than Phil Henry. Is anybody believe that? No. Randy Rhodes 40. The Humper has got 38. And then a small potato is after that. Paul and young Ron on Z18. Mohower David is stuck. He's stuck there with a very meager. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. Relax. Bob and Tom have nine also. Joe and Mark 7. Roamy. Roamy and a gloomy. He's got six. Dr. Laura and Tom, Joe and Steve came as to each of us. We have five. Eddie can we have him four. He's got two rich shots. Oh, you know who voted probably for Eddie K. The guy who sent that letter to Greg. The right. The right. He's a favorite. Funny and rich shot and big lip ended and the George Nuri and Jeff the Forty to have a pair. There's one more for George Nuri Carlos. Joyce can have done. Joe Rose won and Alby silk still has the big. Oh, none. The big. Wow. That's sad. We don't have any power. 96 punctualism of the show. They might learn something. Okay. Be side. No. Yeah. They might learn something. You think? Play play that on power. They play M&M. Don't they? Don't they play that? They play that. They play that. In fact, we know they don't have to go to power. We can play a form here. That's right. We'll get that power crowd sooner or later. That's our goal. And it. 1013 1113 1013 central time 1113 on the East Coast, which includes Toronto. By the way, okay. Our engineers aren't familiar with that. Hey, if you're still a bit nervous about ordering a bed over the phone, don't be nervous. Step right up to the phone. Pick that thing up because over a million people of water mattress over the phone from Alabama, which includes me many times and hundreds more do it every week because they finally got smart. Dalmatra's guarantees you that very few things in your life have a bigger impact than the way you feel every day than the quality of the sleepy lady. If you've got a crappy mattress, you're going to not going to sleep with Schmidt. So call 1-8 hybrid mattress in a TTR. 1-800. Did I hear something there, Carlos? No, I'm taking care of it. 1-800. M-A-T-T-R-E-S right now. Wait till those people right till Royal Canadian Mountie show up. They're back up to the door. And you'll have a great night sleep for a long time from our friends at Dalmatra's. They got the best mattresses in the world. Not some off-brands. They're heard of. They got Seely, Sirdick, Simmons, King Coil, every size and style. And Fat Boy tells me that they're working, even though they don't have an outlet up here, they're working with some joint up here and going to get me a nice mattress. How do you like that? Because they're sensational. That's right. Dummy up. Good idea. Dalmatra's is ranked number one in the world. A customer satisfaction. They got more repeat in the Royal customers than anybody else. Because they know how to treat their customers right. By the way, once you buy a mattress from Dalmatra's, you'll never go back to a show or again. And don't forget when you buy your mattress from these folks, they set up a brand new one and take away the crappy old bedding for free. It's almost unheard of, but it's true. Dalmatra's takes away your crappy worn-up soiled messy bedding and sets up your beautiful brand new one for free. So make the call right now. Believe me, you'll be pleased the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. Just make one simple call, 1 800 mattress, 1 800 MATTRES and tell that old vehicle told you to call, Dalmatra's. And what just happened here, George? I don't know. I'll look at that again. I haven't had it again. It must be because I got a sore side of the cousin Moe that I knocked the thing off. Right. This is sports, we need a little bit of foot. Fusion's head coach and I love the queen of so-flard and Neil Rogers should be in the book and impolice but we'll keep him here. You sang the Irish songs and did the Irish gig. Dance naked on the bar but you don't recall who is. You made the best of your Saint Patrick's day dance time. Don't ask the question why your hand becomes inside. It's something quite predictable. The things you did last night. You never drank more beer in your life. You've parted hearted those queen bears with us on time. Routing and belittre rent that was in our good sign. Put down your fruit to hit the time once in a while. Look the metrics so-king what hit mostly the four tiles. There's something in your memory. What you did say Patrick's night. You never drank more beer in your life. You never drank more beer in your life. You're someone quite predictable. The things you did last night. You never drank more beer in your life. You never drank more beer in your life. Why my second power is kicked in again. Nice going. Dude, good. What's not just talking about Prince Charles, you were. Here's the mixed raw scandal. Conveniently is on a two day tour of Bulgaria. If you please, it comes Charles as actually said that he finds this report Uncomfortable reading but that he does take the blame and the responsibility. The man who's resigned, Michael Forset. He has the charming nickname of Forset the fence because he's the one who's plugged all the royal presence and kept 20% from self. But you know, isn't it convenient? He resigns today not a word of him in this report and not a word of his resignation about why he was going. Other than the spend more time with his family. Isn't that great? He must have what? He makes Mr. Ab look like I know he wears dentures. A senior royal aid to the Prince of Wales Prince Charles body-pinched Charlie with the Kiltz has quick to spite a report and a royal household saying it found no wrong doing by servants. The inquiry criticized for being handed by Charles private secretary Sir Michael Pete. Recommended title controls and procedures but uncover no evidence of serious wrong doing despite expressing misgivings about some stack practices. Is that stiff practices? It was commissioned to look at allegations that Royal gifts were sold by the Prince's staff and was sparked by the collapse of the trial of Prince of Dinos Butler, Paul Barrell last November. Look at back to you, Diana. Michael Forset at the Center of an internal inquiry to St. James Palace will work for the Prince on a freelance basis. The UK Press Association reported today. Prince Charles on an official visit to Bulgaria. I've got to put him on. He just sends me right to the Charles. He says he will implement the recommendations but frankly, Carol, it's going to take much more. They're not going to get a white wash report. We're a grey wash. One white wash is a little bit more. I was just going to say, Mike, this effect is chances to be king, but we have to go. So you have to answer me quickly. Absolutely not. I love it. Accursations in the meeting that falseted, so it gives them to come from the sales to the report said. In short, we found evidence of staff by selling gifts around the items of that authorization or taking their commission to unsales. The inquiry also examined the fallout from the Burrell trial and the allegations of cover up amid accusations of homosexual rape by one of the Prince of Wales's AIDS. How do you like that? What do you talk about that? Huh? No question about that. In fact, maybe maybe he was in the Mosheur when he heard gang rape is funny. Maybe that's what the convincing to be doing. Anyway, there he go. There's the lady scandal from the rural family. And here we're paying attention to what they're saying. We're worried about them. What the Brits are saying these are allies. These silly geese. That's pretty sad. That's the best we can do. Here's a real chronic factor who says, I was flipping station last weekend into familiar voice. Alice Rand tell was I'm with Sean Hannity. A lot of combo that is spouting hate. Spouting right-wing self-hating crap. What is it with these self-hating queens like him and Miss Drog? And of course, you left out Andy Sullivan and the formerly David Brock. Yeah, that whole thing with a self-hating fact, it turns my stomach man. It makes me want to put my gut out. Self-hating right-wing fact. It's I guess they have a death wish. Isn't that what it must be? Got to be. 560505060 on the AT&T line. Here's for Lauderdale, huh? Hey Neil, hey, Don. Great. Speaking of turning your stomach, how come every public press conference now has to talk about religion, including the smart thing with these uh, with the dude Lucifer, whatever is made. Oh, yeah, doesn't make you nauseous? And then he's done the other than the parents coming back and there's the uncles coming back and saying the miracle stuff and then Bush talking about him getting one of these in the white house and been lying and getting one his needs. Yeah, Monica said she got on her knees into White House too. This is this is I mean, I'd like they should tell of us want to bush his prayer sessions. It's it. No thanks. No thanks people to puke and all over the country. That's what I mean. It put it up against the Dom praying in his power. Well, let me say this year about the smart people and bring in that God crap into what it's like people that survived on 9 11 or other horrendous like playing crashes. What about all the other people? How come God didn't take care of all the other kidnaps children that want them getting murdered within the first two hours. All the other kidnaps people like Sean Relevi. How come God didn't take care of them? Of course, Sean Relevi. We know the answers. Hey. Okay. The wrong God. Dr. Career smart. That's the key. Neil, what other thing? Yes, sir. Second biggest phonyist that's phonyist issue going now is this medical malpractice cap stuff. In Brevard County, whether it's 500,000 people, there has been one medical malpractice verdict for a plaintiff in six years. Yeah. In a lens. And I have no sympathy. Man, the medical professionals are disgrace. They don't. They don't monitor their own. They allow these butchers to keep doing their thing. And I have no sympathy for them. It's a complete joke. It's statistics. If you look at the statistics itself, the figures itself. There is no ridiculous. The doctors take 3% malpractice insurance now. They want to go to 2%. Like that's going to make a difference. Yeah. Okay. Good luck to us, pal. Thanks. See you around. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. The pound, five, six. The on a most doctors are butchers. I'll tell you that right now. Most doctors. They wouldn't look at them. Wort if you saw it if you added on your nose. Or it's that. I'm serious. They know they could diagnose a common cold. I'm not saying there aren't a few good doctors. But if you find one besides my friend, Dr. Hampton, if you find one, let me know. She's great, but other than that. I can't say too much about any of them. I do mean any of them. I wouldn't wish him on a Sodom. 26, past 11 at 5, 60, W. K. I'm on a great Thursday. Boy, you want to see what I'm looking at. Man, the sun is shining a blue sky. Oh, you ought to see what I'm looking at. Carlos. Oh, I'm sorry. They out to the great place to go see Jeff Cohen. I look at him. They not be much but they got some nice friendly people who wait on your dear pizza lock. In fact, every now and then they got some pretty interesting numbers worth it. And I'm saying of any variety. Jeff Cohen is the master when it comes to serving you up great Italian food at very teeny tiny prices. Big portions and what I love is that everything is cooked fresh. You'd go into a lot of these so-called Italian restaurants. And the pasta is like pre cooked, you know, hours ahead and then they'll sit there and like water. Oh, and by the time it gets to you, it's mushy and everything is authentic. Cook tea or to the way you love it. It pizza lock and a dispensational taste of difference. Three different kinds of great pizza garlic rolls that will just have garlic dribbling down your chin. There's nothing like having a dribbled on your chin. And of course, they got specials every night of the week. Two sitting eat it even cheaper prices. You and the whole family. They got chicken and feel seafood, calzone, super subs. And they do take out Carriai. What is it delivery? And also catering for any of our ferry may be having going on. And they do us to punish Jeff for as low as five bucks per person too. Two locations for an island. Grower pizza lock is growing like topsy. Well, not quite as fast, but they're doing it. They're enthintation and in Davy, plantation are right on the court of Navihil and sunrise behind Walgreens. So after you get your prescription filled, pop in there and go to a pizza lock for a fantastic quick delicious meal. For take out a delivery enthintation call 9.5.4.3.8.2.199. That's 3.2.199. Let me say it again. sunrise and Navihil right behind the Walgreens. And in Davy, you'll find on my university drive each and grieve in 5.95. Right behind here what imports, kitty corn of the new Armadillo Cafe with acres of free parking and fantastic deals. Here's the number in Davy. It's 9.5.4.9.168.80. 9.5.4.9.168.80. The world flaming pizza lock. Drandy West. And they don't come any better than me or Neil Rogers. Two. This is top Kennedy. I haven't even welcome the name that too. Tonight our fight list will last week will have a chance to win our million dollar jackpot. Let's meet our finalist right now. Mr. Duff Lindsey. Good back, Jeff. Thank you. I'm a little nervous right there. Oh, don't be nervous. You did fine last week. This should be a breeze. All right. Let's get you that million dollar jackpot. Are you ready for the first two? Yes. I've been practicing all week. Okay. Then here we go. They way here the first two and please. Stop. Thank you, got it. Yeah. I'm going to have an ad-norton. You are correct, so. That's a good old movie. Okay. This is the big moment. You can quit now or see if you're... Oh no. I want to go for a jackpot. Very well. For one million dollars. Name this two. There's something wrong, though. Maybe you didn't hear it right? Yeah. Again from Mr. Lindsey. That's all we're gonna do. Love the 33. At 560 WQM. I'll tell you one thing. I hope everybody else enjoyed today as much as I am. Yeah. This has been special. You know what I'm saying? That's good. Really. That's good. These like this don't come along very often in a lifetime. At least not a misshow. Anyway, I've said it. They're pouring in all kinds of oats on a pool. Some of them real loud. We don't care. Just have a wonderful time. Other than Neil, what radio personality? All in by the way, CNN reports. He is God or representative of God. And he clearly has some mental health issues. See, but there you go. It's going to hand in hand. God in the mental health issues. The God squad. Elizabeth's home. That's the report. Anyway, Jim, I'll other than Neil, what person out of you listen to. Let me just say this about this pool. Because we did this before, a couple, I think a couple years ago. Before at least over a year before Mad Dog was on every day. And back in those days, Phil would always vary the competition. Are you sure? Am I right? Yeah. For those? Yes. Not even close. But now that Mad Dog is on every day, between one of three by the way, following the show Monday through Friday on QA, we're radioish. He just, the not everybody weighs about 120 votes for Mad Dog. How it's during his got 106th his percentage is back almost 17, which I knew he'd go up a little bit after he got off the year. Russel in ball 79, Schmidt 73, which would do be us. And Phil Henry's got 70. See what I'm saying? Hmm. Now I don't doubt that. Even though we put him on a little bit late, but not very late. And the reason being that you both, you when I forgot to put him on at all. Because out of sight out of mind, I mean, he's on a right night on a marginal station. If he plays the heat teams have to time at night. And he just don't even think about it anymore in our market. I mean, he's doing just fine. But I mean, in the South Florida market, he's just like an active thought compared to what he used to be. Hey, Goldberg 42, Randy Rhodes 42. She's still hanging in there. What shocks me? Shocking. Paul and old Ron 18, see the difference there. 42 all the way out of 18. Bob and Tom 11 and Wil Howard David 11. Bob and Tom and have a lot more than 11 of anybody could hear him in Broward and Dave. Like if they were on this station in the morning. In fact, is that interesting? Bob and Tom and Wil Howard David at each have 11. You see what I'm saying here? Yeah. And they're not even in a market. Yeah. What does that tell you? So if they were on this station in the morning, man, they probably have like 600 votes already. Two on Mark 8, Alby Silk has seven. Do we believe that? Sure. What do you mean? Sure. He didn't have any last time. It was very popular just by Osmosis. There's got to get out of here. You must be dream and man. Alby Silk has got seven right. Maybe seven fingers on one hand. You don't have those seven. Jim Rome Rome has got six times join her and Dr. Laura and Steve Kaney Chav six. Eddie K for Greg Newer George Newer he's got four Artville Junior. Vivo has three Flutty and Rick Shaw and the big lip band in enjoys California. You think Joyce has big lips? And Joe Rose has one. Who's only like part time anyway. The big lip band it's tied with Joyce Kaufman. It's Joyce Kaufman. I think he's so wonderful. 567. 560. 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami. Hello. Every day. Every day. What is it? Hold music. I don't know. It's just it sounds so it's like fuzzy. Right fuzzy generic old music. Well, the Beastie Boys have a war profile song. Have you seen it? Yeah. The book of Brian Givetine? No. Put it on this. You can download or write on the internet if you want. Of course I couldn't do it here because I know audio on my computer but you can do it. Is that it? Yeah. Well, you got on this one. It's a little bit of a rock. Nice dude. What are you doing? What are you doing? Feeling what to go Beastie. Beastie Boys have a war profile song. And that's what it goes like. It's like a call to a profile song when you can't understand a freaking lyrics. That recent most recent mobit. That's what they sound like. Maybe too many bad drugs. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from Clearwater. Hello. How are you doing? Great. You know every time I drive by what used to be Clearwater Mall, I get like warm and fuzzy feelings of when you showed up there. When you were on a radio station I'm sure that had no promotion. WSUM. Right. And nobody knew that the radio station existed and you pulled like 6000 people into the fold mall. Yeah, that's true. Well, you're exaggerating a little bit but I think it was about 5000 we had in the mall in the beginning there and then for some reason they just after last it started attacking us or for whatever reason we didn't belong on your in Tampa though and I'd like this in the beginning and then what's they noticed they hated this? You know I cannot believe that shit is big in Miami. This guy is the worst talk show host. He's awful. He's like I always tell everybody he has vintage WFLA and then when I found out that he is on FLA and he does the show from there. I just about fell off the goddamn chair because he sounds like everything that's wrong with FLA. Exactly. I mean he is aesthetic and awful and then I see I just I'm looking at your pole on the web and I see Steve Kane is still alive. Yeah, he's hanging on. Isn't he about 114 years old now? Yeah, but he's got all brand new body parts. So he looks like not over day over 90. Oh, okay. So that worked out well. My only one question to you other than the fact that you are the wife to tell you I was talking to a gentleman in his wife out near his owner who are religious delits and they own a radio network and they were looking for talents. I said the very best talk show host in the entire universe is at neorodgers.com and they look you up and they call me back and told me that Satan was working on me on a regular basis. That's correct. And I should absolutely but you know Neil is so good. Whatever happened to Jazz McCay. My second favorite Miami talk show. I think he looked with Joyce Kaufman. I think he's stuck with that big box. He's still working. I you're asking the wrong guy man. I have no idea. I hope he's on the outside for a change. And I was up in West Palm a few years ago and I heard Randy Rhodes and it was so damn irritating. Yeah, she's irritating. Right. But he is going to stop. Don't worry about any warm man. She's going to solve all the problems of the world by this weekend. So I have no fear because the goddess is here. Hey Neil have a marvelous day. Have a great life pal. Bye. Here's an ice cough from clear water. We had a good call from Lansing. One from Clearwater. The calls in town of course a little bit hostile. And we're used to that after all these years. 20 till noon. I would say Tommy brought in a production order for drug concepts and with your voice. No, it's not this guy's anything about that with me now. I know nothing about that. So what's the answer? How about you, Pern? I mean, I hate to have to discuss this on the air. But well, why not? Why shouldn't we? Because it needs to be produced or not as the case may be. No, I don't we don't I don't do that. Okay. I do not do I do not be doing that. I'm not done. I'm not going to start participating on the light bulb. Let's see how often press eggs go off in 15 years sentence thrown out. Seasle Collins. Oh my god. We're going to have to play Seasle's lament on with this. Yes. A state of peel score to throw out the 50 years sentence of former dolphin running back. Seasle Collins ruling that the judge in his burglary trial did not give his relatives a chance to testify this behalf. The fourth district court of appeals on Wednesday. I'll tell Collins burglary conviction for sticking to his neighbors apartment while they slept early in the morning of December 16th, 1889. What is that? 99. But the panel throughout the sense because Howard judge Joyce Julian sentence Collins within an hour of the jury's verdict despite protests from his attorneys. They need to have to find Collins parents and coaches from Louisiana to testify. How do you like that? So there you go. You go Seasle. So when you see a face at your window, 19 till noon at 5.60 WC. Speaking of Troy the boy, let's talk about our good friends at Brandy's okay since Troy just messing up everything he touches these days. He's on a bad street. Co. Troy 25 years in business for Brandy's shoes in Palma, but Obechan is still going strong. And like I keep telling you, any independent family shoester that last that long nearly a quarter of a century has got to be doing a lot of things right. Or like a little more than a quarter of a century right now. Like I said, like offering a great selection of men's whoom is famous brands like Rock Ports, Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Clark's essayist, Floreschime and lots more. Then there's the big range of sizes they have. From men's teeny tiny six all the way to a big impressive 15 women's five to 12 are with from a very near to the very wide. I bet you Jan we know's got a size. The one. And don't forget their professional sales staff will help you pick out the right styles that you like and sit down and make sure you get a perfect fit every time with real personal service. And with over 40,000 parents stuck in their 8,000 square foot mega story you'll almost always be guaranteed. Exactly the style you want is in stock in your size, just about them guaranteed. So when you need shoes take your feet to brandies where there's always a great special seller for ocean going on like this week. All this week at Brandy take 20% off all spary shoes and get a pair of spary American originals for only $9.90. Visit us at www.brandy.com or better yet pop into the store with your feet. Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Paparovic Open daily 99 and Sundays 10 to 5. Now what I did out here was crypto. But that is another new issue play for the fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot their tail. That is another bitch was someone else's wife. If you leave on foreignboard the weed they're releasing and about out, when it changed we were tired, that's why I did that bitch begging me. 1.27560 WCM, the man dog is coming up in one day, Humper Hank Goldberg at 3 and we got a lot of time. 1.27560 WCM, the man dog is coming up in one day, and he's coming up in one day, and he's coming up in one day, and he's coming up in one day, and he's coming up in one day, and he's coming up in one day, and he's coming up in one day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming up in another day, and he's coming to see his days, and he's coming up and he's coming up, again, and he's coming up and he's coming up all over therzej centimeters, and he's coming up, over there, and he's coming up, and now he's coming back and said how long did I end up there? He's coming up, and then he won. And some of that was quite funny, and so while that starts differentLES from all over the world, this family and all that objects are misinformation, the body is really powerful, this very, and it's actually a lot of memories but the restaurant is really organized and really tight, it's like, proved a resolution yesterday opposing more with the wrecking sympathies at the last resort. The 31-17 vote came after a month to debate over the New Yorkshire's stake out a position, if we're going to be looking for a fight-let's fight-poverty, let's, a Democrat who supported the resolution. Democrat Alan Jennings said that after losing one of his closest friends in the world-trance center attack, he was in no mood to vote for an anti-war measure. Our troops are in the Middle East at this time to fight for our democracy, Jennings said, I think this resolution sends the wrong message for a man and woman in uniform. The resolution back to war only if other options for achieving compliance with you and resolutions calling for elimination of weapons to mass destruction and the means of their development. Other sensitive temperant-taboral resolutions have been approved in cities including LA, Kalamazoo Michigan, Kalamazoo, Portland, Maine and Milwaukee. We're dealing with Milwaukee. They eat a lot of brought work from the drink a lot. 560, 750, 50, pound, five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Kendall. Didn't hear a word he said, what do you say? Well, you don't do it, right? Yeah. Okay. The poor Rocky people. Now, what were you going to say before about during a break? You were mumbling, I couldn't hear a word you were saying. Oh, I thought I shouted it out. We have a, we have a, a good request for that, the most recent, a little bit. The most recent, about the, uh, Moan Doreen? Yeah, yeah, there are people lined up waiting to know when you're going to play it again. Oh, how about now? All right. Moan Doreen is that okay. How about after the next break so that we can go, uh, and, or you go out and hold it? Yeah, I mean, the door keeps opening up. When are you going to play that again? Yeah, so I'll run it. Okay, we just played that now and, you know, hold them off. Like a townfire, I'll run up and on the hall. How is the poor coming other than Neil? And even I noticed in that spot you did, you said, by the way, Oh, no, what? You're going to Carlos? That was in the copy. I'm not taking the blame for that one. Carlos, you're he said, by the way, even in the spot. Can't help himself. Other than Neil, what radio personality, you listen to most we've got and we got, look at the votes, George, 672, do you believe it? No, no, but it's fantastic. Jim Manage 126. Howard Stern, 114. Worse Limbao 80. The Schmidt, mysterine, Phil, are tied 76. Are you sure? Although Phil's votes are for real, I'm sure. Hank 47, the goddess 45. And then it's small, small tiny potatoes after that. Remember that song, tiny potato? No, don't ho. Paul and Ron 18 on Zeta. Five and Tom 13, it just moved to pure head of Bo Howard David. Honey like that, Mo. Robert time who aren't even on and dating, bro. They're on a Palm Beach cut in their great love, Bob and Tom. Do you want Mark heavy? Mr. Ego and Albee's silk and Dr. Laura 7, I don't believe any of the Albee's silk votes. I don't think we have anybody listen to this station. Well, listen to the power 96, not one. View? Yeah. Don't agree. Tom join her and Roma each have six. That's a good quenella. George Nuri five. Now you're going air Carlos, you're really moving. You and Oyster neck. And he can't inject the floor SD. Jeff for footy and Joyce Kaufman. He can't three. Oh, what are the station footy to be tied with Joyce going? Of course, footy's just wants to be. Well, our Ponce do listen to you old parts on a radio and that's true. Right? Right. Those 10-year-old kids listen to why 100. They're sure not listen to us. And that's good. Rick Shaw and the big live band of their tied with two a piece. Ice going Rick and Joe Rose has got one. Joe's got one. In fact, that may account. I'm not going to be able to do it, yeah. I just got so much stuff piled up on here. It's just like I'm all over the place. They're just a lot of stuff going on here today. Maybe that's why Joe says, oh, like the wee week. That's what I was going to say to me. The evening wasn't worth it. It was the effect. Yeah, whatever. Okay, five six seven. So what did the guy say to poor Iraqi people that was the negative guy that was the asshole. He's not going to be on here. Okay, what he says. The moment I hear your voice, you're off. We had to dump out in a new vanish. Okay, you and the adjord tape sky. It's just no point. There's just no point in putting up with it. You're just an imbosal. Plus his voice is so God, I'm annoying that that's semi-wisper crap. It's just when you like to do a him with a baseball bat just shove it right up his back. Oh, man, just beat him over the head with it. Here's my any, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm driving so I don't have a computer. Can you put my vote in for me? Can I put your vote in for you? Yeah, Joey Reynolds. Oh, boy. How did you know? Boy, they're coming out of the woodwork now. Just like they're popping out of your. I am that him right. Yeah. Like I said. Why he's he's no George Neary. I'm sure that. Look at that. That does up a hundred and a half point. Oh, man. That's that's a 22 point 60. Making a big move today. Maybe can you smile? Make it in the big movement today. I can all you can feel it in the air. So at noon, we're going to be playing at Moan Doreen. But that's very big inside the building. See now what you're trying to do, which may not be all that creative an idea is program my show based on the the desires of the people inside the building. Oh, no, just passing along the request. No, no, I'll play it. I never, I never turned on the request inside the building. I just hope that the audience is like, I'll be in out of shape and psychotic because George is like, you know, sticking his nose in again. Five sick. See, when you know, he's so sensitive against it. It's just it's just a play. Yeah, you know, yeah. Yeah. Well, if you went to dinner better job and sitting with my god damn pills, so I didn't nearly have to have another stroke running all over town from one clinic to another. If you find it a dog, although I still I'm so impressed the way that he was a young doctor. I mean, you know, just he's new as crap. In fact, even told me a little bit more about the platyx. Certainly than the other people did a Cleveland clinic. Oh, he said it's it's one of those things you take every day and the benefits of it increase over time. You know, there are many drugs like that. You know, like, in fact, like a legura. If you just take it once, it might not do anything for our allergies. Yeah. But if you take it regularly, the effect of this increases over period of time. Got it? Got it. There you go. And but frame to say, how many do you want? I didn't know what to scream or appear my banana. I didn't know what to do with that. Why how many do you want? If I would say, how about yeah. That was great. Anyway, it's me out of prescription. He says, take care of yourself. And good luck. And have a nice day. And I go to the counter. And she says $35, please. And that's Canadian. That's like $22. $22. $22. This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax by having very diagonal. And massage my balls while listening to the nail rotters 12 to one hour. Okay. Hey. And so we got here another installment of Inspector Kilimbo Holiday David in a show. Yeah, wow. We got J. Fiddler coming up as a very special guest in it. And after that, we got another very special guest coming up to my road. That will be a J. Fiddler. What are you doing now? Mouth. What are you doing? Mouth. Come on, clip in my nose here. What's it to you? You just can't do a morning show and cut your nose here. And ready, I'm gonna do about it. It's my show. I don't know what I want. Ow! Just like I was telling that stream intent they called our readers. That's not nice. Ready, I'm made not nice. You see the size of that brondon? Talk about jumble, somebody ought to paint. Yes, I know what I'm gonna do. And I don't wish you know about promotions anyway, yeah. The only thing she's good for is keeping that farmer's happy. Why don't you even need an entire ham? Ow! Just back in and out. Yeah, I can smell the brondon at your mobility. You have to go on the air and save those nasty things about me? Oh, there you come into my place of business. Don't you know we'll lie to him? Like I'll go with him. I've had enough. You promised to hold dead right here. Peace, wearing fossilized, metal, muzzle, film, motherland. I'll see here, Fathau. You're fired. Hey! You fast-mo-common, hear me? Oh, I'm gonna push. I don't know where the fan is. Go put on his face, get going and crush him. I'm between my buns. I'm gonna be in a pain. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Jesus. Twelve, all three of five. Five, there's sixty in WCWM. You know, after the Reen sat on his, push, so to speak, and like a fart in his face, maybe that explains why he's making a sound. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. That a poor mom-mister. 567.560. 560. 560. On a A Elizabeth Smartphone. Let's hear it. Okay. Let's see some enthusiasm from the Sapphire audience, Little Elizabeth, who's as cute as a button man. She's beautiful. She's 15. She has survived nine months with these crazy people. These crazy religions to get our Paujaz for being redundant. How's that pull coming over? 700 votes. I'll tell you, there haven't a field day today. This is the kind of thing that every wacko out there in radio land just goes nuts on. 707 votes. We believe it. But we like it. We love it. Don't we love it, Carlos? Love it. Well, you're sure off your feed today. What happened? Eric, pick it on you again. We sold a stover. Okay. Don't even sit. If you haven't promised that Eric again, I want to be the last person. And don't forget also since I am such a hell of a guy. But even while be on vacation next week, that every day we're going to continue with these damn abit timesters on our website. Okay. Yeah. I mean, why not? I'm not saying I'm going to get up six o'clock in the morning to do it. But I'll get them to you when I feel like it. And we also have a change of uncertainty and something. We're going to put that misgrudge right away to help you. He's only got what a million hits a day. 1.0. Huh? We're catching up. Yeah, sure. Yeah, we're doing over 100,000 every day. I'll tell you that. What's he doing about 75 million an hour? But, sir. And here's the fact, it's just I was glad to hear last evening that Elizabeth Smart was found alive. She seems like a beautiful child. All right. It was nice to have all the experts wrong and they're thinking that Richard Reeves probably spelled wrong as it's Recy. RICCI had killed her before he died. They gave him a cerebral hemorrhage and his identity. So his wife, with the lawyer was under this morning and you could just see the look in their eyes man. They're just counting the cash register's reen-i-grey. And remember the young guy that was adrift in that they first accused and had the world of uniform for days. That's the guy that drove over two was a Virginia somewhere and he was in a check and something about not house. I think he got references from muff. And this guy never even worked at Q.I.M. The one, anyway, it says in glad she's home and saved, but I think there would be a lot more to the story to come out that he's ahead. The smart family seems a little shaky to me for some reason. Oh, I haven't heard anything like this. The fact that Elizabeth and our abductors were stopped twice to give them a different name. The fact that her sister after months figured out who the guy was when they were spotted, they were walking down the street. You would have thought that at some point you could have bolted. Yeah, but that's like St. Petty, her's good a bolted too. That's that's Stockholm syndrome. And there has to be some fuller connection to the story. We haven't heard yet like they hang out at Disney for a few. As a matter of fact, they did. Yeah, they just had a thing on it before. They made trips to Disney World and there was one other place. Maybe Vegas. So I don't know. I may be wrong. I'm not thinking, but I'm sure Larry King will figure it out. Oh yeah, they're going to have a panel. I'm sure they'll be having another panel. How do I panel tonight? We got a great panel. Oh God. It says, don't forget on Mo show, the guy with a voice does a traffic update about every ten minutes. Oh, that's right. I'm Mark Morgan. Oh, I hear that. If you could only hear how that sounds in here, you know, on the speakers here. Yeah. Because I have really good speakers. We hear it in here. But it comes on pre delay. Mm-hmm. On Mark Morgan. And I just about jump off the chair when that comes on. So he goes on for a couple of minutes. So if you ended up all of the different stuff they got under me to in the sports updates and the traffic updates and the spots and then guilty. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop with all of that. And take out the live spots also. What do you got left of a 45 seconds? And this guy's talking to me in addition to which what the hell difference is make how long I'm on over here. It was that cut to do with anything. You know, I'm taking a big check to the bank every two weeks. I think that's what this derbs him. Plus we got five billboards more and you got one. I don't know. You're like that. You silly old, cool with bad, very close veins at a dripping bag. You silly old man. What do you say to that? You silly, cool huh? Huh? Yeah, he had to happy about his what he's trying to say. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Oh, we got Mickey Mouse and Eisner part three. Coming up in the next break too. Excellent. Oh, I'm telling you, we got some heavy duty stuff for whatever reason. This was the week that everybody just went nuts with good stuff. Must be the pre-war stuff, huh? Yeah. Where are we going? We're going to a beautiful Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Thank you for wonderful years of your talents on the radio. And the Christmas right. And have a quick question for you. Maybe you can tell us. Or maybe George can. Maybe George can do it. He's an expert. Right. I live in Sierra, religiously. But sometimes I miss like an hour or so of you show. And I go to your website to live into it on your archives. And last year when you could go to it, a player pops up and you could slide the slider if you missed the third hour, you can go to the third hour of the show. Now when I go to the website, I have to do so slider to get to here the full four hours of the show. And sometimes I hear Hank, a Hank's show on one of your archives of a certain day. Is there any way if I, the audio player comes up, they can hear like a third hour or the fourth hour, not the whole four hours. I have no answer. I'm wasting, I'm waiting for Carlos. I'm going to joke. But you know, later during the day, if you guys can go to the website and this pop up on the day, I see why I can't fast forward to another part of the show. I rather than sitting here and I'm playing dumb which we are, I'll find out for your account research. And talking about the smart case, the Mrs. smart was not so smart to give a drifter $5 in the bottom of the house and bring him into their family. I mean, I wouldn't go to $5.95 and bring one of these guys so me. Yeah, they seem to have a habit. I mean, I don't want to judge them in any way, but they seem to have a habit. I have an awful lot of a shini drifter scumbags hanging around the house. And to the answer, that archives may be later during the show or tomorrow may be you can come up with a day. I haven't known today, but I'll, if I can find out, I'll put it on for you tomorrow. Neil, thanks for a wonderful 20 years until. And have a great life. Thank you. 560, 0560, pound 570 divided in Europe deepening France and Germany dismissed the British proposals. I don't like that. Good. Did you hear what the German said to a Tony Blair? You understand? You just got both of them. That's what they said. And that was even before the story about Prince Charlie came out. Well, it was brits man. It got real problems. Those brits are going to have the schmits. And of course, that's nasty when you were in those kills. Wow. I think it'd be kind of handy. Here's Lake Worth, hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, I want to talk about what I'm scared of. What do you scared of? I'm most scared of like the people I Richard Pearl and all those guys. I'm scared of the wind right. Scared of the wind. And I cried. Yeah, I'm scared of their most optimistic interpretation of the situation. I'm scared of that being correct. Yeah. And then what that'll do to the world. The old chicken hawks. Yeah, man. If they're right and we change it, you know, we put a new regime in there and they're waving American flags. And they're not going to stop. But I rack. They're going to see that as justification to go on to the whole rest of the world. You see, it's kind of like the duck tapes. I'm sure I was stupid. Most of the American public is this business about we're so concerned about the oppressed Iraqi people. It's just like seeing we were so concerned about the Afghanistan of the Afghan people after 9.11. We couldn't give a crap about them. One bit at all until we had to go back and get even with the Taliban and try to find a Osama, Yamama. We didn't give a crap about what they were doing. In fact, we were going to be business partners with them in the Afghan pipeline. So we could ship that oil again from Turkmenistan. But we didn't give a crap about the way they were pressing the people. So all of this bull crap, all of this flowery sonny grew to export democracy. It's a bunch of horse crap. We're not fooling anybody. Yeah, tell me about it. Well, thanks now. Take it easy. I'll see you under the bed. Oh, the poor Iraqi people. There are prestige that towered in a dictator. Oh, my God. Give me here to say to poor Russian people, is that interesting that when we managed to keep they thought going all those years, the Cold War finally ended in communism died of its own. It took its own demise. They got a natural death. And we managed to hold off Stalin and<|pt|> in all those busy bastards. But all those nuclear weapons in a humongous arsenal of weapons of mass destruction. Every kind of chemical weapon has ever been invented and then some Cuban missile crisis. They were right there right off the day. There you go. And we somehow managed to overt all of this psychosis. But it seems that our leaders that we got in there now, the old chicken hops, it seems they want to lead us in this direction of going to war with everybody. Can't do it. Virginia can't do it. Because if we're really going to go after all the people who are being oppressed, then we're going to have to go after Syria and Saudi Arabia and Iran and North Korea. And the list is almost endless. And then we'll take care of Fidel like on a weekend. Do you want to say? Sure. Leave her to eat power. Now you're talking. Now you're making sense. 12 minutes after noon at 5.60 WQ and we finally got the load on on barbecue's galore thighs to a duff who went down there, grabbed pity, lany by the neck and slug them a couple of times, which is a good idea. And finally got an answer for us because like all of our other side, I mean why should it be different? The rest of the sales department don't give a crap about the recount. So why should pity lany? As far as given us information that we should know. Anyway, it's getting 100 degrees every day in the shade and soft float even though it's only the middle of the march. Does turning on a hot stove to cook dinner, volume? Does the prospect make you nervous I knew it would? Maybe you should start grilling. And for all your barbecue needs, chop at barbecue's galore. Barbecue's galore is the guaranteed lowest prices in town. And this week and starting today, they get even lower because barbecue's galore is holding their big annual spring sale today tomorrow, Saturday and Sunday only. Take advantage of gigantic savings like 15% off on most barbecue accessories at barbecue's galore. Save over 275 bucks on a 52 inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie. Stameless grills inside burner. The prices unbeatable. Or how about saving on a Weber grill just great for tailgating? They have a barbecue for every price range in smokers and patio heaters, accessories, cookbooks and sauces. And they're all on sale too. You get a big selection, unbeatable awesome sale prices, a knowledgeable and friendly staff. They'll fit you with the right grill for what you need. Top brands great service and annual spring sale going on now through Sunday. Only at barbecue's galore. The barbecue specialists don't forget say 15% all this weekend. And barbecue's galore. You'll find them in plantation and coral springs for the exact store locations collar tool free number. 1-800-Greal Up. 1-800-Greal Up for barbecue's galore. 5-6-6-5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6 Michael EisenershireAAAHHHH a B Turley Man different I just say that I'm just happy it's over. Sir, I believe the second go-around will be much better. The second go-around, you must be on crack. We're not doing that thing again. Why do you want to bring that back? Because the first time around, you barely missed toppling the entire network. Well, sir, it's already done. Why have they already done? Nobody ever told me it was already done. Hang on. Wait a second. I'm on the phone with three of us. What the hell are you doing? I'm some conduit, ma. Don't worry, I'm quietly rema- That's not quiet enough, we must- A blue bird stinks like a lion pet. Sir, our base weeps will be amazing. I'm a celebrity, get me out of here too. Instead of 15 nights, 40-straight nights. It's 40 nights, I'm a celebrity, get me out of here. You're killing me! And the celebrities 10 times better. Oh, my God! We got you. Hello. We must- We must- Yeah, boss. Take the harmonica. Why does up your back end? Walk it out. You're welcome, boss. Woo! All right. We've got Bernie Capelle. Who? Bernie Capelle. The doctor from Malabbo. Oh, for heaven's sake, so he hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial. We've got a real hotty, Adrian Barbo. Oh, my God! She's terrible! And someone I know you love, Billy Bush. Oh, I'm in it. Is that the president's annoying nephew? That's the one. Oh, for heaven's sake. You can't put him on there. And... Hold on. Yeah. He's... He's... He's... He's... He's... He's a good... He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. Stop doing! What are you making? Making a new cadenza buff. What's wrong with my old credenza? Did you like it, Joc? My shellac am sharp. The red shellac am sharp. Oh, you're... Oh, what? Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare. Well, we don't have to make your elixir serve. Oh, God, thank you, Raja. And let her neem away. Even remous doesn't remember the one who had neem away. You're a new boss. Remus, I wasn't addressing you. Sorry, boss, he was fumbled on me. Oh, my God. I'm surrounded by idiots. Hey, remus! My boss told you to put that farm on the copier butt. Sorry, I bought it, boss. Oh, so far in the office, Raymond. What the poor boys come and ask me, kids, kids. 12, 21, and 5, 60, WDQAM. Oh, almost too much for one day, you know what? Yep. Now, who was it was if the Aztecs who worshiped the sun? Yes. That was their religion? Yes. I was thinking of myself during a while, listen to Mickey and Eisner. I was thinking that if I was to believe in anything, and I've said this before. I believe in the sun because number one, life can't survive without it. And number two, it's tangible and you can see it and you can feel it. And you can smell it, right? Right? They had other gods, but that was the main one. Was the sun? There were sun worshippers. And what's wrong with that? Like a lot of people on the beaches down there right now. They were shipping the sun. Let's play the warmth of the sun by the beach boys. No. Here's the fact from Tom and Vokus. The new moment is great. Every time I hear it and Keldi says she's backing up now, I'll I can think of it with those backup beeps that are on heavy equipment. Maybe Vokus can add them. How many beeps? Bob, turn it in there. Is Vokus. Tom, Tom, in Vokus. Excellent. Nice going, Tom. God. 560, 1050, 5060, on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless Live. Just a matter of days before we start driving. That big ones, baby. That's right. We're going to show them what for. And then we'll go tackle North Korea. And it will get those goddamn Iranians that the Shvatah had the Iatola. You'll see. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, no, Tom. How you doing? For you. I want to know you think of people about what's main name on the Shvatah and Samadus. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. What are you growing about? Go ahead and put mayonnaise in the strommies sandwiches. You're not supposed to do that. See you're growing because you don't understand what he's getting on. It's a very goiish thing to do. We've discussed this before. Is it you or somebody else told me they don't like sandwiches that have like, dressing on it dressing. You know, like Russian dressing. Like a Rubin sandwich has Russian dressing without the Russian dressing. Right. Yeah, I think you're going to always do something. I would agree with you. I don't like when a bread gets soggy. You know, on the sandwich was sweet. That kind of dressing. Right. Plus I'm not supposed to be no bread anyway. Right. And I'm not here in DMT. I'm not. I am really. I've got to know. Now I have no choice. I have absolutely no choice. I don't like corn be better anyway than this surrounding. Yeah, corn be with mayonnaise is really for going. 5 6 7 0 5 6. We've got about 100 open lines here. We've got like 37 minutes to go. Must be a sensational show on this end today. And actually come up with calls. Been okay, too. You know, few. Yeah. Huh? Right. Compared to usual. We're trying to get them all clear up for you next week. And let me say it again. I'll be on vacation next week. George will be on Monday through Friday. The guy wants to hear the George take. I'll be in heaven. He'll be juicing himself. You and I demand. I don't request either. I don't request either. Very seldom. Do I make any demands? But since I am. Yeah, I demand their loyalty. At least right now. Okay. We're trying to make a big comeback here in spite of all the. It's like jumping over hurdles when you work on this station. Here's a call from North Miami. Hello. North Miami. Going once. And long gone. Okay. See what I mean by support. Let's go to our last call. It's from Orlando. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Sir. Is it freezing up there today, sir? Not really. It's going to be about 28. And then it's weekends. We'll be in a 50. Oh, nice. Spring is on a way, man. Hey, I work. I'm an optical lab technician. I work for two doctors. And she's from Toronto. And I just people I were met, man. There you go. But anyway. You know, the days like Monday for example, Monday or internet was all screwed up. So we had a really all messed up show. And I had to rely on the callers. The whole show on Monday. And I'm going to tell you something. By the end of my one o'clock, I was ready to blow my brains out. And I'm thinking of myself. What a difference between the people I speak to every day in South Florida. And the people I encounter from the minute, I walk out my door here. And I go downstairs in the lobby. And I walk out on the street. It's like night and day. It's like you're living on two different planets. Well, I'm 50 years old. There's a nice, big lever word for. She's from. She's from Chicago area in cheese from Toronto. But right. Great. Anyway. The best that you got lately. I heard it. I guess in the last week or began this week. It was. Mm-hmm. That's funny. Man, there's fell out of chair. What is it? That I can't say the word. Condolese. Oh. What the. No, probably the in the muzzle on the mouth. Nobody muzzles us. He's right. Anyway. That's not what the bees Lee say. Third model is everybody muzzles us. Hey, you're still taking suggestions for this. In fact, that's going to be the new amount of billboards. It's going to say muzzle to our us. You're still taking suggestions for the poll today. Sure. I hate real radio, but the love doctors are pretty good. Okay. And enclosing George, whatever, do to you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That was good. Well, it wasn't him. It was not a guy. Yeah, no, no, no, no. A little bit of original. It was cute. 560, 5056 on the AT&T line on our website. Today our poll of the Neil Woods Radio. The person who listened to most Jim Manage 143. Oh, really? The leaning out of the box from the get go like a dog that leans out of the box of the dog track real quick and says, look at my ass. That's what the man dogs doing. Catch my ass. Howard Stearns on his ass with 127 getting a little close now. And just changed again. Mad dog 144 Howard 128 Howard Stearn that is always clarify. Phil Henry 87. Isn't third. Are you sure? Rushed them by 85. Schmidt, myster 78. Lot of phone ones. Hank Goldberg 54. The Humphrey's moving up Randy Rhodes 51. Paul and Ron 20. Bob and Tom 14. Mohour David in the 12. Wow. They moved a couple of head of mo. Do you want Mark have 12. I don't believe that. But, you know, I like Joe a lot. But why is it every time we do a poll like this, they have to like, Didleur round on it. Huh? What do you think they are? I know they are. There isn't a Chinatown chance. Now, 12. That's more people than our up all night. The time that they're on. You know, so obviously it's suspect. I thought it was. They what? I voted on it. I'll be so few. You didn't vote for him. He's got eight. Dr. Laura's got eight. Romeo and Steve came. Mr. Eagle have seven. That's a good. Good pairing. Because Romeo sounds a little bit like Brian Craig. Little Brian. Tom Jones got six George Nuri and Jeff the forest each have six. See how does it changing now. Eddie K's got four. Floody and Richard on the big lip bed. And Joyce Kaufman. He's have three. And four Joe roses suck in when it last place with just a pair. Twenty seven passed. Do it on a tremendously psychotic Thursday. I just I don't know what it is. I think I'm looking at a beautiful son and blue skies out there. I'm ready to get down on my knees and worship it all. Worship the fact that I'm here and not there. Anyway, if you need to order a bed. Don't go. Shut up. But around shopping at those department and Benning stores to get ripped off. Do the smart thing like over a million people have done. They bought a mattress and dial a mattress over the phone. Hundreds more do it every week. You should be one of them like I do. Call 1-800 mattress right now. You'll have to be guaranteed. Great night sleep. One of the top mattresses in the universe. They got all the top names. See me. Service Simmons King Coral. Every size. Every style. Whatever you need to twin a king a queen. Data mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else. Anyone know why? Simple because they know how to treat your right. Once you buy your mattress the smart way from Data mattress. You'll never waste your time going back to department stores and showrooms again. And betting stores. Because it's just a rip off. You help them pay for their high overhead. Why do you want to do that? And don't forget to. Another part of the deal. That's great. It's when you buy a mattress and Data mattress. They take away your crappy smelly soil old mattress and they set up the brand new one for you for free. That's correct. They set up the brand new one and take away the old bedding for free. So call right now and do yourself in your back a big flavor and get a big great night sleep every night for years to come. Call 1-800 mattress. That's 1-800-MATT-RES for Data mattress. The easiest, the smartest possible way to get you a great new bed. And you're going back to Canada. You too bash the... Tonight, Dolan Clinton. Let me ask you something, Bob. What's your wife looking for? I'm Dulls, man. What do you mean? Every time she makes a space, she's staring up at the sky. Yeah. And let me tell you something about her. I ordered seven and nine bomb emissions in her rack back in 98. But your people put a stop to it. Desert fox ring a bell. But Bob does said, you got a blow job. Yeah, Paul. All your fault. Your people who fixated with my penis and still are. They'll do ignorance luck. Laced out, don't need any help from my penis. I've told, could always hear the hand. Bob, those garter socks you wear? Why? You want a date? You're not my type. Bob, can you do this? Oh, Bob Dolce has no problem. You're really fast. Look, I'm making chatter puppets. Not even in the same room, stupid. I know, can't save me. I'll save the main communist. Okay, I'm done. No, you got my check. 1233. At 5.60, nobody hear. What great to voices those, Voryan? Yeah, who did that? That is shocking. A little genius did that. Maybe it was mode done. Here is a, a fact is the Fox News scroll. Not that they make mistakes on Fox News. Mitchell was a grifter. Yeah. That's the Mitchell guy. A.K.A. What was his name? Yeah. Emmanuel. Right. He's a grifter according to Fox. Small, they think it's straight. Now, they are afraid to put the thing on their way. That's the word. I think it's word you don't know. It might be some level for drifter. For democrat. No, no. It's a word you don't know. Grifter. Grifter is a con artist. Oh. I thought it was a typo. And so did the facts hard money people. I was travelers. Oh, and not like travelers. Just like that. And what did I say to you before the show today? Yeah. I said, what do you think he might have been a traveler? And you went, oh, just like that. Anyway, who's Carl and Sedona Arizona? Who says, Phil can't be heard rather than it anymore. If you can't get the station, you can't get to him. I think you're like that. And he says, part of the condolese is song getting gagged. The station wasn't responsible for your fun. Frankly, I can't get enough stick around a long good, good long times as Carl and Sedona Arizona. That's for you Carl. Thank you. And you know what? That's right. Oh, that's coming up. That's the. Hmm. Twenty six till one at five sixty. WCM the mad dog who is leading the pack baby. The leader of the pack. He's kicking ass. 151 votes today. Other than Neil, what radio personality, you listen to most one. Howard sperm 134. It's a pretty good bandeler. I would say when you feel Henry's 92. Okay. WCM 85. The Schmidt myster 78. Bad. Yeah, I'm really glad that guy from a clear water from the west coast called in. Because even a lot of the people over there know what bad radio who he is. I don't get it. I just don't understand the attraction other than he's on right after Rush and he's, you know, Rush Jr. More of the same right wing crap. And you talk about something he's on like about two minutes an hour. Give it try to listen to his show. No, I have not. This call is over her to his show. Yes. I mean, if he's on more than like 30 seconds out of every quarter hour, it's a miracle. And he threatens he's going to talk about this. I'm going to talk about that. And they never do because they got like all the other crap going on. Nice going. Chief channel. Hank over 54 Randy Rhodes 51. Ron and Paul 20. Or what's a long drop off after the goddess. Paul and Ron 20, Bob and Tom 14, more Howard David at 13. There's what a battle is between Mo and Bob and Tom. Joe and Mark 12, including Georgia's and a couple of theirs each. And probably what's his name? What's his name? There were some to share with him. Ryan, Vlad. And their boyfriends. Alby silk eight, Dr. Laura eight, Jim, Or almost seven and that is no reason to read me other ones. Small potatoes. Single digits. Tiny little teeny tiny digits. Although it is interesting. We're on the bottom. Let's see. Was there anybody in there? No. Joe Rose had one. Joe Rose has got a pair now. Nice going. Joe. Joe is kind of small. Joyce Kaufman Rick Shaw. Flutty in a big lip bed. It all tied to three. And default and George. No. We're all way up to six. That's going. Carlos. You and the oyster neck. With George. No. Don't we have a bit on that? Do we? George is open. Huh? The details in for Nealshow. No thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 0, 5, 60, pumt. 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon by the slime. Here's Laurel Gables. Hello. Hi Neil. I hope you have a nice vacation. Thank you. I need it. You're mentioning the difference between the conversation to have people up there. Vures is down here. And it's just browsing around on the internet. I saw CBS News report that says that National Geographic Survey of American Younger I had a plan before about finding a rack on a matthale have a clue. 87% can find it even when you have show them a map. Yeah, even if you stick their finger on it. And you mentioned that you were firmly convinced that that with the duct tape, if the asker was going on. I mean, how could anybody be that stupid to buy into that? To, I mean, first of all, for them to present that to the public shows how done they assume most of us are and to talk down to us like we're a bunch of kindergarteners, it's just pathetic. And it is, you know, the so much duct tape is cropping up different aspects of duct tape stories of them cropping up like the leaky biosuits that our soldiers have to use at the base. Yeah. After the whole duct tape, and here's something from the Associated Press yesterday that, you know, this remotely controlled the air, piloted on piloted aircraft that the US has. Well, the, the Associated Press reports says here, a remotely piloted aircraft that the US has warned could spread chemical weapons is made of ball-fled wood and duct tape. Two small propellers attached to what looks like engines of a weed wacker. Excellent. You can find that on the Associated Press. How am I going to write now? Iraqi drone US warned looked like more like a model airplane. So here's the crap out of me duct tape is everywhere, Neil. Ever great. Hey, you have a great vacation. Thanks. 22 till one. Yeah, I hate to say because I want to sound un-American, but I don't really give a crap. It's just the people who are so much more educated and even though the teachers here always go on strike. They have a lot of the same problems, you know, underpaid people, etc. But the, the education level here is so much greater. I mean, you just don't find the rampant functional illiteracy that you do in American. That's because the school system in America is a joke. It's just, it's just like when jab ran for reelection. Oh, he's the education governor. And you know, they're taught. They found a tape that they tape that comment about subriding the world of public, which now, right now he's trying to get through the legislature to convince the people to say, oh, we didn't really mean it about the class size. Because it's got cost a lot of money. So we'll change your mind. This is the education governor. What about what are we talking about? It's always politically correct. Very much so to say, or number one priorities education, bull crap. You can't complain about the education of America because generally speaking, there isn't any value talking about. So why don't we get these stories a year after year, year after year, 87% can't find us. How about the ones the college students we had at three a few months ago? They couldn't find the place where they live. They couldn't find Florida on a map. Florida college students. The ones from New York couldn't find New York City on a map. They couldn't find New York State a whole bunch of them. And it wasn't like about 13% couldn't find the United States on the map. Okay. Are you ready for that? The same people that were ready to go out and buy the duct tape, it should be very impressed with the fact that 13% of the people, young people, couldn't find the USA on a map of the world. The... The... Figures on people. He invaded another country. He drank water from a creek. He's got a bad mustache. Oh. I am so glad to be here. Twenty-two-one at five-six-two. But you can't. I'm so glad also there. Good buddy, Chuck Alphiari still take care of guys out there with that big ugly. Ballspot. Create a... Very... It definitely does create like a kind of a mental thing for a lot of guys. You know that ballspot? Yeah. Now seriously, I can inferiority complex. Sure. And then some guys try to cover up it like with a dead animal. You know, they stick it on there. And people... They think people won't notice that. They keep sliding off. It starts moving around every once in a while. It starts chewing on their forehead. Well, the answer is the natural hairline system from my close personal pie's on Chuck Alphiari who uses the latest technology to make it look like it's really grown out of your scalp. That's the key. It looks like real hair. And not like straw. Not like some dead animal fell out of the sky on top of your bald spot. For over 25 years, Chuck has worked with the famous and not so famous and everybody in between to make them look younger and better than you ever thought you could again. And you got nothing to lose. They sit you now and give your free consultation. I'll show you how much better you can look. You worse for 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels. If you're not getting ahead like at least 15, 20 times a day, Charlie give you full refund. So here's the toll free number to call. And don't forget to mention your Rogers Tupas on my tune of Bucks off the regular price. Call toll free 1-800-3-1-2413 and get your hair back and start looking sensation again. 1-800-3-2-1-2413 or log on to www.challsoffeeari.com. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. You're not getting the wrong idea. I'm just blown away by all this stuff today and it's almost too much, all I want. 1246 at 560RTD's blown. It's a head-y stew. It's just amazing. How's stew doing, by the way? Oh, by the way, stew barons got traded to Dallas right at the training deadline. Dallas stars if they need any more. Just amazing. Where could all those less panthers around? They can't score in when empty net. Aren't you upset about that? What? I knew you would be. 560, 560. Well, I'm just fumbling around here because I want to get one more time before we lean today. Huh? No, seriously, before we get out of here, we got to hear the homoistor analyzing his numbers. And that thing he had with Dorina that had brown. I'm really tired. Oh, look at that. It's good. Really tight now. Oh, oh, mad dog. You better not let your guard down. Look over your shoulder. Whip it again. Jim, man, it's 157 Howard Stern, 145. Other than Neil, what radio person out in you listen to most? Phil, 100, 94, Phil's in third place. Are you sure? Rush Limbao 86, net 80, Hank's got 54. Randy wrote 52 and after that small potatoes. I didn't even get this story on yet today. The US feminist who's overmatched his golf a protest. Did you see that? No. Well, I bet you saw I know somebody's upset. Yeah. A feminist pressing the host club of the masters golf permit to admit female members filed a lawsuit yesterday. After she was denied permission to protest at the club's front gate during this month. And actually, he televised event. The masters golf tournament. Martha Burke chair of the National Council of Women's Organizations has been trying to break the gender barrier to Gusta since last year. She's demanded the club admit a woman by this year's masters. It should be held April 10, 13 Augusta, 145 miles west of Atlanta. The club which has now the female member in its 69 year history has defended its right to decide its own membership despite sharp criticism of the all male policy. First said she wanted to expose the golf clubs discrimination against women and he hypocrisy of its corporate members who say they support diversity in have not reviewed the no women policy. There you go. The coctor town continues to have the masters is the good old boys want to continue its our its a boys club. You know it's a thing boys will be boys and like hanging around with boys. Yeah, kind of like Michael Jackson he likes hanging around with like little boys. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Westchester. Hello. How are you doing now? Good. I love the condolences on is there before it was muffled. There are any way that you can print the lyrics on the website therefore we can you know do thing along mentally. Yeah, no, no good luck him. Let me sit again. No. No. 567. This one little co you know I'm saying. 567.0560 pound 560. Oh high court. A halt to Texas XQ's another good story. Well did I mention they found Elizabeth. Who? Hey, don't get smart with me. The Supreme Court yesterday stopped Texas from executing its 300 inmates. In capital punishment resumed in the US in 1977. Granting a dramatic last minute state to condemn killer Delma Banks. Thanks, thanks. He was wrong. We're convicted of murder 23 years ago and they were backed by three former federal judges. How do you like that? T. D. C. Well, Delma sounds like a woman doesn't it? His lawyer told Justice as he was poorly represented at the trial prosecutors improperly kept blacks off the jury and testimony from two prosecutors and witnesses was shaky. Banks's black is victim was white and the jury was you guessed it all white. Are you like that in Texas? How? He's been on death for 22 years. Longer than 16 year old Richard Whitehead the victim was alive. The court issued the stay without comment about 10 minutes before his booth put to death. Boy, you talk about a last minute reprieve. 10 minutes. Can you imagine a. Wow. Woo. I'm not so sure if that would happen before. After the word came in. What do you mean? I'm saying I'm not so sure if the judge had in the pants would have been before they reprieve or after they found out. You know, probably just a psychotic episode. Wouldn't you think? If you were just 10 minutes away from what you thought meeting your Marvin maker. I'd be a little bit nervous myself. 10 minutes to one at five 60. Nobody killed him. The mad dog. He's pulling away again from Howard. Hello, and it's very interesting. See, I totally Howard's firm is up to 18% now that his listeners are all over here. I mean, some. And, uh, I'll be right there. And the Schmidt mice do our starting to drop back. You see that? Right. You want to know why? Why? Because it's after 12 p.m. Oh, that's right there. Ah, there you go. There we go. Now we're getting a smile. Oh, it's nice. He's smart again. He's a little bit. She's back home again by the way. And every flash is still anything. Looks the same. Still got a big bald spot. And it looks confused. And embarrassed. Also, I would be too. Hey, guys, size makes a big difference. That's what Erie says. According to the Florida Department of Labor. Computer professionals have big, big, impressive paychecks. According to the state of Florida, and we know we can always trust them, except on the ship doing the talk and Katherine Harris. Computer careers are among the highest paid and in highest demand. Interracial. A poor fast rank and up. You achieve a new high-pant computer career in just four short months. And they have locations in Kendall. Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and Pemberpines. And they got dating weekend schedule. So no longer is there any excuse for any you guys to stay in some dead end job. Or can for like three, four, five bucks an hour. When you can have yourself a meaningful career with a minimal amount effort. So call our friends at fast rank and see what you can do. What they can do for you. Call 866 fast. They got full time job placement guaranteed finance. He's waiting for you too. What he got to lose be such a really craft job. And a boss is probably a real asshole. You can have a big impressive paychecks now with a real career by calling fast rank. You can check out my other web if you like fast-trained.com. Or call them right now. Why just thinking about it? 1, 86, 6, fast-trained. Why in local. You're sports-video, 56, you and you. You a-m. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. You got. What better? Oh, she's gonna speak for me. She's gonna speak for me. She's gonna speak for me. I ain't got it. Oh, make it genuine. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb at people guild With the gas that we sold him. First time a grister nation and they only wanted to go in. Now more blood will be spilled into get that oil going. Forget about Korea. The news they're toasting at us will right. We've been feeling it over and over and over to our head. You're dead, Iraq has some. We've been so fast destruction. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit him instead. Eight, there's oil to be caught in going after Satan too. Played hate Oshama. There's no longer mention of the name in law this, but no it seems concerned of the incomplacence. Believe in every word of this cartel of administration. Back and throw this might fear through the E.M. Renefuation and the right wing is thrilling and over and over and over to our heads. And I beg that so. We've been so fast destruction. Oh we're fine. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ass grump is saying. I have nothing to hide. People's partners all are saying. I know beauty and cattle don't have any reservations. Battle of provoked battle ends. We're the annihilation. Old regime must moth and have a virgin and stoth with no objection at all. Till the prepped don't have the palms and the right wing. We can freely live over and over to our parade waspend. I rack as a weapon of mass destruction. Only a rack as a weapon of mass destruction. Bye bye bye. Thank you for watching. Good luck this instant.