Why do you first dance? I don't think that's the way to go. I see we did finally point now, but it's entertaining, I think it's unbelievable. Could you look to say, hopefully it's so. We've been through time to until a phone call. It's time to do it, finally point now, but... And he's guilty as if that's a big surprise. What a joke the jurors had asked the judge for permission to examine the ashyvich capricious. Maybe somebody wanted to buy it. And 90 shevich capricious, you think so, I doubt it. Or, although I might be worse on thin someday, you know what strange people we got. At any rate, he's guilty, not the only question is that they're going to fry his ass, which we certainly hope so. Oh yeah, but he was so young and he was so impressionable, right? He was laughing. He was laughing his ass off as he was ticking off these poor bystanders. The destroying people's lives and taking some away. Just come back. You think it's a racial thing? No. Anyway, if I hear any more about the goddamn beast today, I'm going to puke right here on the Year. It's one thing I've never done in almost 30 years on the Year in this town. But, good man. Is puke my guts out right on the Year, but if I have to hear any more about you and your date last night and about how you spent three hours with his chick and about how Joe and Mark H.U. and Kim Bo Kamper H.U. and Hank H.U. and all of the time, the course for Rall H.U. Mo H.U. You're going to be the most hated man in the building other than Mo, which is in fact you may surpass him. It's a tough act of follow. It is a very tough act of follow, but if anybody can do it, I think you've got the, you've got the inside track. Anyway, let's take a look at that pull from yesterday because, like I said today, is a defining moment. It's a turning point. Let me tell you right off the bed, Mark it down on your calendar for those who keep track. We have many very, very well-we used to have many. Of course, McGillon, the beast is saying we have just a few left listeners. But a lot of very devoted people at a few devoted people who mark everything that's our keeping score for a ball game. I mean if Asseless considered to him and keeps score in a baseball game, why can't they keep score on a top show, right? Makes sense to me. True. So like December 19, 2003, three years from today. We'll be assuming I'm still alive, of course, it'll be fine. Bye bye bye! That'll be the last meal Raja show, period. You're lying. Are you part of your part? You're lying, right? Let me say it again. Write it down. Write it on your bald spot on your forehead, which would be just about anywhere from your Puppek to your middle of your back. Three years from today, that's it. Bye bye! If I can make it that long. And generally based on those ratings we saw yesterday, see one of the things we always look Xamadies numbers and we put them out of the microscope and we try to find some excuse when They're not so good. And this was a spick book, a spick trend, a month in November. In fact, during the fall months, Arbitron can't find anybody who speaks English and soft Florida. They can't find any angloes. And this is a problem for us because the spick don't like me and it's just one of those things. And, you know, of course I get accused of being anti-cube and on this and that because First of all, because I said see the cruises a drag queen, which he was ugly bitch. And because I didn't suck up to all those phones who were marching in the streets there with that alienito crap and the abuelos who kept squeezing his penis. I mean, that was pathetic. Was divisive? It was sick. It was tragic. And if you come unless you come on the earth and then of course politically, I mean, forget about it. Forget about it all together. I mean, unless you like Booch, Booch man, Booch then you haven't got a Chinaman's chance. So I'm looking the Hispanic radio stations, the Spanish language stations, music and talk. In this trend, just in the month of November, one of the over three percent of the total. You see what I'm saying? Right. Well, if that happens there, then some of us are screwed. Now, a lot of those people will listen for example to Howard Stern. They'll listen to Rush Limbaugh. They'll certainly listen to the sports crap because they want to also like everybody else talk about one statin fever and fever and one statin Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Peter and one statin. I'm telling you folks, what would you call us out there? I shouldn't say you, but I'm talking about in the sports segments. What they do to this radio station during football season, there are people on Death Row, even Lee Boyd Malvo should get a little sympathy compared to what these people do to this radio station. It's criminal. It is un-licinable. I just don't know what they're thinking about. The same people, same luck you said yesterday. The same chronics. Must will be this morning. There's a guy named Dave and I don't know paying attention to most of the sports callers because I don't listen to that much. There's a guy that did call three times this morning between Moe and Joe Show, the Mojo. Three times. And you know who that is? Dave the caller? Yeah. Yeah. I've heard him before. Dave the caller? Well, he's a regular on the station. There shouldn't be any regular on the station. There's like 20 or 30 guys that call every show no matter what. Every day. Every day. I mean, we got a few regularers and those are the kind of people we hang up on right away, but like Reverend Jones would George Hayson like boys, and I think he's a little bit amusing because he says about three words and he's gone. And then it's kind of like our fix for the day. He's okay. A little. But when he actually are holding conversations with the same people over and over again, who are sitting there squeezing themselves and analyzing and analyzing this ball game and squirming in the chair, and what are we going to do? And then it got to call the other day yesterday about how he really has to reconsider his attitude about, you know, when the dolphins lost to the Eagles Monday night. And then he has to sit back after being so frustrated and aggravated and realize that he just won the world series. He did. I was sitting taking a crap this morning thinking about that. And I thought it made help by the way a lot. And help the process along. And I'm thinking that must have been Josh Beckett. Either that or maybe this guy pitched a game that we miss somewhere. He won the world series. I just it's just mind boggling to me. Anyway, Joe Mars toy drive. I'm sure they're going to be calling in. I'm not too thrilled about that. Uh, at Catholic because then they're going to talk about you again. I heard that this morning. That may be one of just give up. I just at that point. I just wanted to give up all together. I felt like we've gone from we ought to change the call letters from WQM to WVUM, you know, bad high school radio. Joe and Mark are having their annual toy drive a cafe. A one in Pembroke Pines and being the troopers that they are. That's on the Southwest corner of Pines and University. They're there till seven o'clock tonight. And you can come by and they're looking for a new unwrap toys. And this benefits kids at Joe to measure his children's hospital. And then today from noon to two, George will have our best in the emergency nice yesterday. We passed the $50,000 mark in our best in the old fundraiser for abandoned per rescue. Which is not that great in three months. But it's the best we can do if we still have the audience to be in other story. And I'm going to talk about that at length, especially since this is such a big day. The three year to retirement anniversary to retire. And I want to thank whoever affects me that story yesterday. And I realize it was hard to print it out because the website is has difficulty. When you try to print it out, so I had a right in, I spent about an hour writing and stuff off the website. The website is Germany.indemedia.org. Hinkley and Bush family friend. This story is just mind boggling to me. And like it says in the story, it wasn't like a complete secret at the time when Hinkley tried to assassinate Reagan. But it just kind of like disappeared. It says that appeared in a Houston post-eoriginal story. It was reported in Newsweek magazine. And then it just disappeared. They buried it somehow. I want to tell you right off the bat. That the Bush family, they make the mafia look like, like Sunday school preachers. Well that's a bad example. Who thinks it like Santa Claus? How's that? The Bush family and from where I sit are the biggest bunch of crooks that ever came down to Pike. I'll see that also don't go over where with the no-spigging lace crab. They don't like that. And you know up to bat, Bafangula. Let's take a look at the results of yesterday's pull low first before we get into all those things. Shall we? Okay. 1989 votes. Which of these do you most strongly believe? George W. Bush would be impeached for line of Congress and the public. Absolutely correct. 531 48.7% of this used to be big audience said that almost half. Heads out of roll at the FBI and or CIA for paid to prevent 9.11 250. Also got a great Michael Moorecom, the day. Nobody in government had a clue 146. Other Bush officials had advanced warning 83 and George W. Bush had advanced knowledge of 9.11 79. So almost half the audience thinks that Bush ought to be impeached for line to the public. It's in this war. When I see what's going on over there and I see that you see the store and the news about the soldiers who came home to one kid had one leg blown off and the other one had like one leg partially and the other one he's it's just go test and they're screwing them over. I didn't see that. They're screwing over the kids that are coming back from Iraq and all the other veterans too. And the public sits back and immediately humiliates them to show you the way to make a media manipulate the public. That miserable line, sack of crap with suspenders. Even for him I couldn't believe what they pulled last night. Somebody must have paid off for that. Don't be interested. On the day that Michael Jackson finally gets charged with child molestation and there isn't anybody with an IQ larger than their thumb. Who isn't well aware of that he's guilty. So what is Larry King have on last night? Don't be frustrated us. And our would that moustache out asshole his defense attorney Margaragos and Jermaine Jackson. And we're all supposed to have Alzheimer's disease. We're all supposed to forget about the fact that Joe Jackson the father was a miserable drunk and son of a bitch who beat all the kids when they were children. Remember hearing about that years ago? Right. Now, oh no. He was a great father. They grew up in a very normal childhood and the family's great type with Michael and even La Toy yaddi yaddi. And it was only Neil just made it up La Toy and never said that they let the he plays on a year. That damn fact I can't stand it. She never said that. And we're just supposed to forget about all these things and you talk about spin. I mean there is no more news anymore in America. Everything is spin. It's like your cotton middle of a washing machine that's on permanent spin cycle and you can't get out. All they do is spin it all spin all day. And so the spin machines are working the story yet. By the way, nice job Miss Fudge. Matt drove Miss Fudge had the story yesterday about how Johnny Cochran is going to be the new attorney. Remember that? Yeah. Then I pointed out that he changed it. U.S. magazine says he tried to cover his ass and he'll leave me probably with the reason. That's him. Probably somebody had his eye on it. And then come to find out. It ain't going to happen after all. So he changes it on a website instead of in big red ink. Now it's like off to the side little black ink like, well, he's going to be consulting. But he's not going to be the attorney. Also, Gary goes last night said that there's no truth to describe about the nation of Islam thing. The Furikon stuff. Even though it's on the front page of the national post here this morning. But you know, so I believe what you want it. And here goes that. Oh, it's the other sides PR firm. The prosecution. It's their spin. They're trying to play their race card. What does that make any sense to you? No. But what do they have to gain by playing the race card? Nothing. Kind of idiotic if you ask me. Oh, it's big in a Michael Jackson. I got a guy. I may have to do a lot of reading today, which I don't really want to do, especially with three years to go. It might take me three years to read all of this. The new inquire that is December 30th National inquire. Michael's lies about his own kids. Jackson's credibility endowed even as he tries to discredit his accuses. And before I get to that later on, I just want to read one paragraph. Two paragraphs. The singer's consistently maintained that he is the biological father of his son Prince Michael six. And his daughter Paris both delivered by former wife Debbie Roe. But a Jackson family insider and others have come forward to challenges claim, saying that children were conceived by an anonymous sperm donor. Squirt squirt? Is there any doubt in your mind about that? No. No. 1013 at 560 WQM. Hey horse racing fans and poker players. Pompital Park. Racing in Card Room is your location to celebrate New Year's Eve like every year. How about a four course dinner in the top of the park restaurant. Plus champagne and party favors at midnight. There also be music and dancing all night long. Or maybe play poker until the stroke of midnight and celebrate with a free champagne toast. Don't forget Pompital Park also features the world's only midnight mile, with the last day starting in 2003 and ending in 2004. Special post-time New Year's Eve at 8pm. Pompital Park features free admission and free general parking every single day. Live harness racing in the poker room every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon. Live racing gets underway nightly at 705 p.m. And don't forget every Monday night at Pompital Park at 2 for $25 dinner special. And the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor. And every Wednesday night at the track it's dollar night with draft beard, soda, hot dogs and lots more on the buck of peace. Pompital Park is also open seven days and nights. Week featuring the best in final casting. Harness Thurbrite High L'Action from all across North America. Feed a watch and plunge your guts on. Pompital Park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule. Call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or go on to web at pompitalpark.com. Pompital Park for horsepower you can plunge your guts on. My Lion and Local. Here's SportsWinio 560-CUE. UAM. This Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodger. New this fall on Fox. It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen. The King of Pop snuggles into his King's Eyes bed with warm milk and cookies and interviews some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity. Hehehehe. And no, this is Michael Jackson, in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of moldy and Disney's new animated adventure. The junker book too, please welcome my special guest in my bed. Hail your Ozman. Do we have to do this in your bed? It's in a set. It's very charming. I let my children sleep with very good. So tell me, Harry, to your Ozman. How is it working with a lovely bear balloon? He's not real Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman. Hehehehe. Hail, you're quite like a dude with this. Uuuuh! You never know who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed. Hehehehe. I'm here with my next guest. No, go love in my bed. It's a big TV star that shy to play a simple, cisson and an energetic pitty blue. Hello, child who plays a simple, cisson and an energetic pitty blue. Bye bye. Huh? Would you like to play a game, child who plays a simple, cisson and an energetic blue? Sure. Put on this mask. I'm always here on the bed. Having so much fun, me and my children play this game with very good all the time. Woohoo! Put the mask on. I can't find her. Here. Touch this one time. Woohoo! So grab some more milk and cookies. And join Wacco Jacko for some late night TV. Like you've never seen before. It's sleeping with Michael Jackson. Weeknight, sunfawks. Can I teen at 5.60WQ and I interrupted myself again. I do it all the time when I have a lot of crap to do. Here I mean when you have a lot of crap. Sometimes you interrupted. Yep. No, not too big. George will be at 4-Lotterdale Harley. I never did mention it. Did I? No. George, I just saw the Pokemon Park bullock. Oh, that's right. Interrupted to say that we had 50 grand. And we had a lot more if we still had any audience. That's what Miguel said. Nobody likes you anymore. He told me that month ago and he was right. You know what? I don't care. I'll take the check right at the bank. George will be at 4-Lotterdale Harley on federal highway. Just saw the Pokemon Park bullock. You can win prizes. You can spin the dealer, whatever he's doing over there. And enjoy free food from a Latic City sub. So get there early. He'll be there noon to 2 today with our best meal CDs. And of course those highly popular. Oh, Howard David of Keychans. But now that we got to 50 we can just kind of coast in from there the rest of the year at night last few days. I'll be forward to the poll and the reason I'm taking it and before I vent. Here's a story you'll like. Canada promises to revive building the criminalized composition. So the beast will probably be up here after the first of the year. I'm moving. Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin said yesterday his government will agree introduce legislation to the criminalized simple position of marijuana when Parliament sits again in New Year. Martin indicated that the bill first brought under his predecessor John Cretchen. Could be tough and in committee before passes. I think that's one that one's got to take a look at the fines he said. I think you have to take a look at the quantities and I think there has to be a larger effort against the growups and those who distribute the audio. But he agrees with the principle that young people should not be dogs throughout life by a criminal record. If they're caught in in possession of small amounts of pot. There's one of the major differences. Okay, when people say that. Well, gee, you're always talking about Toronto and Canada. You know, something. There's a difference between living in a place that civilized and progressive and a place that's moving back into the stone age. And let me see it again. The bushes are the biggest crooks in the history of the US. They make joke Kennedy look like a piker. And you really have to wonder you have to scratch your head. I'm not one of those people that's always conspiratorial minded in the tri-ladder walls in the builder barist. But that crap. But man alive, you really have to start wondering what our let's really all about. And if you just use, you know, big business. Just put that big blanket over a big business or big oil. Because it's interesting to see how that oil thing played into play with at the Hinkley connection to with the bushes. But anyway, and then of course there's the Bush and Bidlot in connection. What a great article by Michael Moore. Where the hell is it? Michael Moore is article by the way. We finally got our Frankenstein and he was in a spider hole. That was also on that same German website that in the media.org. Because I was trying to figure out, okay, now is this website got any credibility? Let me see some of the other stuff they got on here. And they have the very latest Michael Moore piece. So can't be all bad. Anyway, let me just say this to you. Okay, on our website, I mentioned this a couple of times because I'm, you know, I've been around a block a few times. On our website starting on November, whatever it was, 1516. Like right after the firing of Scott Ferrell, the hits on a website went, So if I mean, like took a huge about 40%. How much? About 40%. About 40%. And he came back a little bit so far, but generally speaking way, way down. And you take a look at that and you scratch your head. You wonder, is like everybody bailed out? Is the audience gone? Are they pissed off and fired up? See, I hate to break the news to some of those people out there who refuse to understand. Number one, Scott Ferrell brought on his own firing. Okay, Scott Ferrell, there was only one person that could get him fired. That was himself. And as much as I liked him and enjoyed working with him, it was a great lead in. We had a lot of fun. And we really had a great thing going here. Guess what? He ain't coming back. He's not coming back. So when I hear like I did when we went off the air yesterday for 15 minutes, 30 minutes of the show. And the beast is there with the Miguel, all of a sudden, all of a sudden, Now they're the experts. Not that the ratings came on. They see we went in the tank. Well, we know the answer because everywhere that we go, people are telling us that they're really pissed off. That Ferrell got canned and our are looking to queue him until he comes back. Well, guess what? By the way, why do those people because he ain't coming back? He got himself canned. He wasn't even going to be fired even though it was about the 50th chance he got himself fired. Like he does every place else. Not something I'd take any pleasure in saying because it's a real pain in the ass. But he got himself canned. He was going to get suspended for two days and then he just lost it went ballistic. And he got himself canned. It's as simple as that. There's nothing complicated about it. I was there when it happened. And if there's anybody who thinks that well, Neil should have kind of seen, I felt at the time that the audience wasn't satisfied with what I said. They didn't want to hear the truth. They wanted me to come on here and say, well, you know, these people, these beeslaze and Greg Reed, Baba, I did say that when they hired him, they should have known what they got, just like when the SP input rush on here. I did say that. And that's true. And I believe that. But at the same time, they got a license to protect. Okay, if they don't have a license, there's no radio station. So what's the point? And I've been to all of those games. I know how to hell all of that works. And I laid it right out there on the table for the audience to hear it and understand, they didn't like that. They didn't want to hear that. They wanted me to say, hey, I'm going to walk out of here unless they bring Scotty back. You know, that crap. But what, how would I do that? You needed to make a stand. And what would that accomplish? Was I am I in a position as anybody in a position to get that man, his job back on this radio station? No. No. And I'm telling you folks, if somebody comes to you, you're employer. And has you, just use an example. And has you sign a document that says, okay, I've been doing some things that are unacceptable. Like crap it on the bosses desk every day. I go in eight o'clock at a more. I take a big dump on the bosses desk. And you sign a piece of paper and you say, I'll never crap on a boss's desk again. And if I do, I'm going to get fired. And you sign a paper and everybody shakes hands. And you know, I've been a little out of sorts. I've had like wildfire. We are whatever the reason. And I'm not going to do it again. The next morning you're walking and you take a dump on a boss's desk. And the best part of the deal is he still wasn't going to get canned. Who's going to get suspended and he just lost it and he, he talked himself into getting canned. I personally think the man is got a, a career death wish. I'm not talking about physically, I hope, but I may a career death wish. I think there's a party him that wants to get himself canned. I don't know whether it's ego, I don't know what it was. We had a really fun thing going here, but you know what boys and girls, he ain't coming back. He's not coming back. So what is getting fired has to do with people listening to this show because I know this comes as a great shock to him and maybe part of the audience. Before Scott for El without his radio station, we were doing just fine. I didn't like that nine to one to get it all. I hated that, but we were doing pretty well. We had big numbers. Everything seemed fine. Everybody's making a lot of money. It's got to be. Good job. Yeah. But we were doing fine. So it to me, it seems the, but again, you know, you're talking about the people, Miguel says to me, the small about the people, if they like it, the games, you know, when we take the wheel out to the dolphin games and everybody say these things about, well, they're pissed off, and they're not going to listen to QM. That's typical with a mentality of the sports nerd crowd. Like a bunch of overgrown children, like when their team loses a game, they're so wounded that their life is, they just can't go on. Because they don't have logic. They don't have a life. That's the problem. That is, that is their life. I'm gagging. I'm telling you, stop eating these lasenges, man. Because after you go a bunch of them, it like binds up in your throat. Stop eating those lasenges. Oh, no, I like them. Okay. I like sucking on something. Anyway, so we're taking a poll today, especially with three years to go from today to this December 19, 2003. And all aside, croak, three more years of this. People say, well, three years, why you even talking about that now? Three years is a long time. Yeah, you're right. It is a long time in summer, but by the same token, it's not really isn't. You know how fast it's going to go by, especially when you take out the 85 weeks vacation a year before you know it. And before you know it, it's going to be by by. And I can't wait for that last show. Oh, man. Can you imagine the audience will have an ante? Oh. Even those people who tuned it out, even the sports nerds will be listening that day. Okay. You can do poll. We'll talk about them when we come back. You got 800 bedtime stories. I know. We got a lot of important calls to take like line five. QAM. Yes, sir. Fight. Fight. Fight. What was it? I'm not that, uh, what was it? What do you say? Is it why you talking about Farel? He sucked. Oh, I said, I could understand what he said. Well, we'll get to you in a minute. My life can go. This is for 25 seconds. You and I can weigh them. Patience. All right. I'm dreaming of a wide neighbor. Just like one time you know. Where the longs were trimmed and cars had ran. It seems so very long ago. I dream and a wide neighbor. With every force inside I'm right. There's days be merry and bright. And may all we know. You and I were the one. I was the one. Ten thirty three. That's for our Gary who requested it by facts. Gary. You know, you're just, you know what you are. You're a spoiled little rich kid. That just refuses to like calm down. You want, you want to be. It's like you can't get enough attention. You want to be the center of attention. Robert Gripper is right. And I never thought I would ever say that. He warned me a long time ago that you're one of these people who always wants to dominate. You want to be like, hey, here I am. You know, look at me. Here's the beast. It does mean you're a bad guy, but you just need. And I don't think anybody can do it. It's too late. It's just like that whole thing with the balance for life and your family force feeding you. They want you to be fat. They want you to be what you are. And maybe you like being what you are. A fat little tub. Who wants to be the center of attraction. Here I am. Here's the tubby little. In fact, just the name of beast. You know, I mean Brian London is a great radio name. I was thinking about that the other day. I agree. If your real name was like a high-me-year literature or something like that, I could see you change your name to the beast or whatever. But Brian London is a great radio name. But the beast, you want to be the beast. You want to be the fat little tubby. Shmoop. Who's like in the middle of the room and just is falling all over everybody. No matter even if you try to go off into the corner, there are many of them. Avoid you. You find like like an elephant in a Chinese job. You can't get out of your way. See what I'm saying? I see what you're saying. It doesn't make you a bad person. But it makes you a real pain in the ass. And as far as Hank's question was I didn't hear of it. You repeated to me about how you once know why I put you on here. Hank, if you look around the building and see the plethora of warm bodies that don't exist, we don't have like a lot of choices. Okay? I'm not saying that beast is there by default even though he is. We don't have like a whole lot of choices when Georgia is on vacation. Josh isn't the other room. They're sitting getting his thing wet. Just to barely has any clue what they'll up from down yet because we keep changing people in their every five minutes. See, I keep telling the audience and I think that it's stick that I'm joking about it. This is a business. This is a radio and I say that loosely. This is a place that just refuses to come down to worth. You'd like to have a little bit of stability. The audience, this is the only station I've ever worked at. What are the line up every day is written in pencil. They facts to me a line up written in pencils to that economic race. And change the names. In fact, look at this. We got Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog. They which Curtis is an ice job. He's a good guy. But every day we got who's on first? Who's on second? What time is Mo on? When is who's going to be doing it to ten? Is Joe permanent yet? Is a for real coming back? All this other stuff. The audience don't like that. Not just our audience any audience. Like I told you there today. Ralph Rennick was number one in news in South Florida for how many years? Not third man. About 100 years. Not because he was good even. And there would be people would say the same about me. And there's had a little opinion. That's fine. I don't care. But stability when you're in the same time slot even if it's on a different station. If you have any drawing power. If you've been around and it's six o'clock at night or six thirty they can turn on a news news Dan rather. There's Tom Boccau. Whoever had a little bit of his day like. There was Ralph Rennick at six. They like that. It's a comfort zone. It's like when I turn on CFTO news and I watch Dave devolving the weather at six twenty five every night. I know he's going to be there. I know he's going to give me a five day forecast. I know tonight it's going to be like minus thirteen Celsius and freezing our ass off. And I know what's going on. You see what I'm saying? You know there's a comfort zone that people like. QA and doesn't have QA and has what you call a discomfort zone. All the discomfort all the time. That's what we specialize in. Constantly shuffle the deck and sure. And the best part of the whole deal is we've got no competition. That's the best part. None. This last trend that just came out. I look for WRFX for Fox Sports. I had it to get a magnifying glass to find their number. It was like looking for my penis. I had to get a guy named Montpellien Martellisco to find their number. That's how bad they are. They have nobody listen. And then the best part of the deal is now their rumors that ESPN is going to put a station on and so forth. Oh, that's just what we need is another sports station. The only positive thing that might happen is some of those chronic collar nerds might find someplace else to go. We get them off our air. Nope. I mean, I'm serious. There is no reason. And I caught in the reason for it is poor management. And all levels. The idea that our people are so weak need that they just sit back and they let the people on the air or the producers who ever put the same people on the air all over. How can a guy get on your three times in the same day now? We get to know our cranks on because we do the screen listing. That's okay. That's stick. They're on for like five seconds. Three seconds. Do you want to see? Sir. WQM. Hello. Here you go. Who's this one? I don't know. That was some asshole. I don't know. He had the phone up his ass. I don't know what he was doing. But that's a good example. See, that's that's entertaining. But to hear some of these same people over and over and over again, man, we need somebody to take a bullshit by the horns in this place and say, hey, listen, maybe have a meeting with these people and sit them down and say, you know, something? Nobody wants to hear those same 15 people every day. It's getting really f and ponderous. Anyway, here's our pool that we're taking now. And I'm going to say it again. Blame me because if, you know, if it's a bad day if it rains or if it's cloudy, it's Neal's fall. We still have a t-shirt. It's Neal's fall and with a whole bunch of things underneath it. That, you know, have nothing to do with me. But blame it on me. I got big fat shoulders. Why do you think Neal's audience appears to be shrinking? Now, put all of these on there to give everybody a chance to take their shot. Now, the thing about out of touch with South Florida, which is a favorite Tom jickeline. Yes, I saw your article, your question answers for Sunday Tom. Who mentions me again and there? Tom is sucking up. I want to run a good Tom. The interesting part about all that is September when I was up here to do when to show the Intermont we had a gigantic radiance of timber. Big Q to roof, huge. No, Fember, where was I in November? In the middle of November, what's night either the week that Farell got canned? Yes. I was right there in South Florida. I was not only in touch. I was touching it. That's how close I was. I could reach out and touch it. Nothing I wanted to. And November we had a disaster, a death melt month of number. So if you want to use that as an excuse, which is very original. It's repeating from Tom jicka. Go right ahead, feel free because it's on the pole. Why do you think the Elzati inspires to be shrink and hear the choices? He's out of touch with South Florida. He's too liberal to anti-botion. By the way, that is never going to change. I'm going to say it again. If anything, I'm going to be more anti-bush, more militant. This is the most crooked family from the top down at Ever, it was ever in America. He's too old. He needs a new wardrobe for else firing pissed off the audience. Too much mold bashing, which I noticed too much mold bashing there. Doesn't seem to be doing too well. So I got two votes. The show is too noisy again. And the ratings are wrong, the audience is still there. We got a bunch of votes on there already. In the meantime, I just want to say this. About the show is too noisy. See, stop and think about this. You can't go to the list and tell them to stop. If you want to say this, you can't go to the list and tell them to stop. If you want to say this, you can't go to the list and tell them to stop. If you want to say this, you can't go to the list and tell them to stop. If you want to say this, you can't go to the list and tell them to stop. If you want to say this, you can't go to the list and tell them to stop. If you want to say this, you can't go to the list and tell them to stop. If you want to say this, you can't go to the list and tell them to stop. If you want to say this, you can't go to the list and tell them to stop. If you want to say this, you can't go to the list and tell them to stop. Sorry, Eric. But those are the people that really pay attention to that part of our website. The rest of the people are people on look at the funny pictures. They want to look, you take that to people who listen to Farell. This is an example. Yeah. You think that the day that I announced that we had the picture of Rumsfeld shaking hands with Saddam Hussein from 83, you think that they went there to see that? No. Did you go there to see that? Yes. Is he got his legs crossed again? What do you mean? What do you mean? One thing I love about you is like when you try to cross your legs, you roll over like a shimo, you roll over on the floor and just start rolling down a hall like a bowling ball. And low. This is for Trail by 60. To win who am? This this season's newest holiday special foie bay, Charlie Brown. It's not pronounced. Sean, I can't. What kind of crazy pitchport is that? That's not a pitchport. You put Charlie Brown at the menorah. Oi, Vay. You'll love all the peanut's characters in this soon to be Jewish holiday classic. Why does night play with your drapele? Only if I can have a bite of your kissport. I just don't understand all of this talk about Chanaka. Boy, they Charlie Brown, stop and I'll try to cut it out. It's Chanaka. Sponsored in part by Goldberg's baked goods. Let's dance the horror I'd like to mentor. What do you say? No. It's 1045 at 5.60 WCW and we have 162 votes already. And to pull this one up there, sure, time ago. They're emotional about this. I've loaded. Now, see, one of the things that should be pretty obvious is that those people, please don't think that I'm that stupid amount of wear of it. What did you vote? I said it was all about your wardrobe. They must be it. The people that are gone are not going to be voting because they're not there. See, I have figured that out. So this is strictly congesture on the part of the rest of the people. The 10% of the audience that we still have left. Why do you think the audience appears to be shrinking like the beast's penis? 174 votes. The ratings are wrong. The audience is still there. 96.551%. That's just over half. He's too liberal to anti-bush 21. The show is too newsy again 15. He's out of touch with South Florida 15. For Ralph's firing pissed off the audience 15. He needs a new wardrobe six. I'll work on that. Too much mold bashing 3. That's a loolit. And he's too old 3. Oh, that's what we got so far. Tom Jicka, right? He will write this question's and answers on the Sunday in a Sun Sentinel. Here's one of the questions in his column. Are there any plans for an FM talk radio station in the Miami area? Tom answers this is an idea that's been kicked around for years. However, the strongest voice in favor has been near Rogers who's locked in the WQM and AM station for what amounts to the rest of his career. That's the loolit correct. The thinking among station managers is that the rich sound of FM is too valuable to waste on talk, ignoring the fact that there are successful FM talks stations and other markets. But before there can be an FM talk station, it has to be a full time talk station. Right now, the RISNATED general talk station would look like a base toast in the Miami for a lot of the day. So in other words, there isn't going to be any because the Miami market is a piece of crap. And if you listen to what's on FM, see the people that manage meant the ownership. They don't want to pay people to be on FM. They want all their FM stations to be due boxes. They want low price people to do voiceovers to read the liner cards and just say, hey, it's 82 along the coast, that crap, you know. And that's what they got. And they crank out the work music and instrument cut. Even if you could rather on a state of Florida, even in some of the smaller markets, like over on the West Coast and up in Orlando, the FM is a million times better than in South Florida. FM in South Florida, we talked about it a million times. It's awful. No matter what your musical tastes, you'll find a lot of stations that you'll hate on the FM band in the South Florida market. Except the course for the Beast favorite, tell you the AM. Not all listen. Well, who the hell does? What is Rosie still on there? I don't want to talk about him anymore, please. 560560 will take some calls here before I got a lot of Michael Jackson dropping. Got that Hinckley bush. Destroy about the Hinckley family and the bush families on our website. By the way, nice going Eric. Thank you and also the Michael Morpies. Miami asked her county voters to prove a sales tax from Marlon Stadium. I'm all for it. Go ahead and pay for it. I live in Broward. Thank you. Have a good time. I think, like I said, the other builder stadium and a arena on every other street quarter. And then when turning to White elephants like the old Miami arena. And then of course just like the Broward, the Mac Arena. That's your turn to team around in it. No, that's sure they got a packet in their for those hockey games doesn't. No, which we got the Dallas stars at the Panthers tonight. It's going to be packed, isn't it? No. But build it and they won't come. Miami TV station suspense program after actor met with Castro. See this is what I'm up against. I have no idea how I survived this many years in a market where nobody speaks English. It's phenomenal. WQAN. Hello? Yes, sir. I take it a request for Christmas. Absolutely. What can we do for us, sir? Could you play the one where the guy calls you gay? I think you're gay. Haha, that's what I mean. He's great. Oh. It's Reverend Jones. He's the best. You're gay. Haha. And George, who has no sense of humor, just don't like him at all. Lighten up a little bit, George. George will be noon at two. Without visiting a merchant, I said, for a lot of the day, I'll hardly unfetterable. Highway just south of Oakland Park Boulevard. Free food from our good friend, Ira at Atlantic City subs. And you can win prizes by spinning the wheel. And you can tell George that you don't listen to the station anymore because, for I've got fired. And everybody. I mean, that had to be the most iname thing I've ever heard in my life. Although it is a pretty interesting coincidence that right on the heels of his getting canned following that week, our the hits on a website just dropped off the end of the word. Like everybody went away. Like we pissed off the audience one last time and they said, okay, that's it. We can't take no more. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. Like you can keep jerking around so much and then finally they say, no more. I can't take it. That's it. We just had it. No, no. Especially more. But what can I tell you? Same thing. It's a little bit of a marlins game now because of what happened seven years ago. Right. I've always gotten excuse. That's the south float. Anyway, they've always got some. Oh, there's a cloud in the sky. My rain tonight or the tickets are too expensive. It's amazing how those tickets weren't too expensive when it got to be latent of the playoffs in the world series. Then all of a sudden they were clamming all over each other. The sky was the limit. See, then they had a heaven. Right. It's always an excuse town. It's a bush late place and always will be. So if there's anybody you think that I've got, you know, crappy attitude about south float. You're right. Cause it's a bush late place. Maybe that's why there's so many angry people there because part of them is very frustrated for the fact that they have to be there like their prisoners, like Patrick McGoon. Two hundred eleven votes. Why do you think the Osati is appears to be shrinking? The ratings are wrong. Yonises still there. 120, 56.8%. He's too liberal to anti-bushed. 25. The show is too newsy again. 19. Why you so newsy? I never forget that guy. He was good. Real New York. New York type. Why you so newsy? He's out of touch with South Florida 15. You're touched this for else firing pissed off the audience only 15 on that. So you and McGueller for a crap. If the audience could only hear the kind of stuff, see, I have very little respect for people who tell a good tale off the year. And I realize there's some things obviously that we can't see on the year. But who talk, you know, crap off the year. But then as soon as the light comes on, we're back on the year again. Oh, you know, it's a plane that little sound again. That's full crap. Who does that? You do it all the time. George does it all the time, too. George, George, on the other hand, got a wife and family to support. One kid, which he wanted, money didn't. And then of course your case, you're a fat little spoiled rich kid. So what do you have to worry about? If you get canned tomorrow, you're going to be out on the street. No. No. You're going to be missing any meals? No. So what do you have to worry about? Your study reminded me of Robert Greeper a little bit. Like you want to be a career. No, no, seriously. I know that's a real shot. It's intended as one. Like you want to be a career QAM flunky. That was you want your life to be? What did you do with your 70 years old? What did you do with your life, Mr. London? Well, I was a flunky. Yeah, and you're a good one. You're talking about J. Row teach yesterday to do an APA at the hurricane games. You're going to be just like him. You're going to be just like him. Unless you butcher up. See the silence? See that nothing. No response. I asked you what you wanted for me today and you said not much. I want to response. When somebody said, you know, actually someone just emailed me and said, why is Neil making fun of you? And I said he's not. He's actually telling the truth. I'm telling exactly the way. Oh, yeah. See Neil's a bad guy. Neil makes stuff up. Bull crap. I tell it the way it is. I call him the way I see him. Okay. And there are some people who can't handle that. There's one thing I cannot stand in this world as asslickers man. Cannot stand it. Hayden. Back to him. The old rumors. I was speaking a rumor. Yeah. Tell him to keep you way in. Hello. What's up, Neil? I do. Pretty good. I think you still had the shoulders of both your competitions on your Neil. I mean, the only thing that I don't like is that I think you're deaf. We're getting a little too new, again. I mean, the news is okay, but I think you need to edit them a little more. Like they're doing the Howard Stern show. Keep them lighter. You know, we don't need to listen to the whole article. Yeah. I don't want to stop like Howard does. And if I could, you know, I have people like, but I don't want to sound like a primitive Donah here. But how many hours a day could I spend? About third man editing stuff out. Like right now I got a pile of crap here like you wouldn't even believe. Let George be your editor. Oh, yeah. Well, you have got a good sense of humor. What time is yours, you're on? Have a great holiday, pal. Alright. Thanks. There's a little, he looked my ass a little bit. You don't have 30 people, you know, editing your copy and. About third man. No. Michael Jackson formally charged. He's right. I don't need, in fact, well, now this story from the inquiries not on there, I will read this later in its entirety. And the thing about John Hinkley and about the Bush family, it's long. And I feel it's very important, but it is on our website. See, that is the one dilemma. That's the one thing I cannot decide. And that guy made a good point. What? That was good. Wow. What an powerful. Yeah. And it felt just as good as it sounded. You know, the Michael Jackson thing is not all that long, but I need, it needs to be red. It needs to be red. You got it? Yeah. Just like that thing between your legs. It needs to be red, but in your case, you can't find it. So how did the date turn out? I don't want to hear about it. I'm just joking. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to know from it. It's nobody's business. I will say this. I'm sure that I did a lot better last night than you did, but that's not your business either. Huh? I don't want to know about that. Good. Why not? I know the thought of it makes you just noises. I have to eat lunch later. What did this guy name hear that? Unbelievable. Oh, and I got a great column by Jimmy Brezlin, Sodom on Lipset Ground Zero. I'm going to read it right now. Okay. I don't care what that guy said. I'm going to read this right now. Jimmy Brezlin's great in the news day. He says the guy from the tourbust did in the center of a crowd in Witterhats and announced this used to be called Ground Zero. We don't use that anymore. We now call it the World Trade Center. Behind me yesterday was the Russian steps. Including an empty with nothing to stop the icy wind coming off the river. In the wild, exulting over the capture of a defeated man, who's saying you think that the trade center wouldn't be as continually and vigorously inspected by sightseers after all who's saying had nothing to do with this been laden as your man. Yet small crowds such as this one with their tour guide gathered through the afternoon for the length of defense looking out that the famous and frozen real estate. Each person you spoke to and they were from all over the country were pleased that the new trade center would be the world's tallest building. And they were also supremely happy because Saddam Hussein had something to do with blowing up the twin towers. Here was a woman in the cold, Linda Jacobs standing with her husband Ken from Newport News Virginia saying he probably did who knows but he probably did. Her husband said, oh yeah, he was in on it. A couple from Knoxville, Tennessee, Elaine and Will agreed. I believe he was on on some levels. He said he was around there someplace the husband said that he hips and Antonio. Of course, Saddam was responsible. I was out there for some time taking notes and home towns. There was all the same. Saddam has been laden. To thaw out I went into the Burger King on the corner of Liberty and Church where Mary Garcia 53 was behind the counter and looking out the big window and right at the trade center and the people there to look at it. For me who saying did it the other guy too. These people both is together in Iraq and these people both is together in Iraq and the in the trade center. Garcia said, if Saddam don't do nothing, then why he go into a hole? Because he's afraid we catch him for the world trade center they did with bin Laden, the both of them together she said. He said she has a son in Iraq Sergeant Peter Garcia. He was from Italy. They sent him to Iraq. He's married already in Italy. His wife doesn't stay at the base in Italy. She goes home to Puerto Rico with the baby. Yesterday I get up at the morning I heard they caught this Sodom. I go, oh thank you God. Thank you. How happy could you make me now? Maybe my son comes home. It's a rule of mind not to use the man on the street interviews, but this was so unanimous and forceful I had to listen. And as I did I could hear George Bush and his people all saying, we went and got Sodom because it's better to fight terrorists in Iraq than in Manhattan. And I met her that Sodom had nothing to do with the attack. Over 15 Sodom ravens who went on this suicide attack, then immediately the FBI gathered up those members of bin Laden sprawling family who were in America and got them on planes to Switzerland. And soon the Sodom ravens Prince was at Waco Texas for an emibule day with Bush. How could you not blame Sodom was saying for everything? He murdered his own yesterday was going to kill all of us with nuclear weapons. I know they're there Bush announced. There was nothing nuclear about Sodom hiding his hole. There was no anthrac, no smallpox, just rats and lice. But the un-stachable feeling is more and more of American people will consider Sodom Hussein, a partner in terror with Osama bin Laden, and that it was a wonderful thing we did going to order catch one of them. This belief in two enemies probably is going to be welcomed by Larry Silverstein, the builder who by Moth alone is made it appear that he owns the land, the buildings, the sky above and the water below. Silverstein has three and a half billion dollars coming as insurance for the raid. He contends that there were two separate attacks, one on tower one, a second one on tower two, therefore he wants to be paid double seven billion. The insurance companies in Vada were inclined to do battle without the double insurance payment people around him say he won't be able to build a front stoop to a building made of thin air. Two attacks Larry says. Larry in the world sent trade center attack. He's told including by judges in early ruins that were released ominous for Silverstein. Perhaps there was a chance in the freezing area yesterday he can claim that Osama bin Laden made one attack on a tower and then Sodom Hussein suicide bombers went to the second tower two people two attacks two payments. By the localveer 65-16, now es on yours VPN On gag of breath they're beautiful. Congratulations Galaxy These reach my life for Hanah Khan go down the block of houses on our darkers. We were Question On who's the fastest or the downhill Junts 149, we live life When you tend to be committed in my own way. All we get to fight is on a nomadate of ventricre. It's sin that's over. Our holiday is really such a moron. Lies, dumb and door of eye. All we get to fight is on a nomadate of ventricre. It's sin that's over. Our holiday is really such a moron. Lies, dumb and door of eye. It's so high for us to go shopping. We don't know when Hanukkah is happening. What is the date? Are we too late? You can almost hear them go. I can't help you. You're gone. What are we supposed to do? But you think it's easy to get gifts when we only pay wholesale? All we get to fight is on a nomadate of ventricre. It's sin that's over. Our holiday is really such a moron. Lies, dumb and door of eye. All we get to fight is on a nomadate of ventricre. It's sin that's over. Our holiday is really such a moron. Lies, dumb and door of eye. 11-04, happy to know, Kintuya. Here's some good news for all your people downloading all that music. A federal appeals court today rejected efforts by the recording industry to compel the nation's internet providers to identify subscribers accused of illegally distributing music online. Can I make you feel better? Yeah. And safer? No. In a substantial setback for the industry's controversial anti-paracy campaign, the three judge panel from the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia overchurned a ruling by the trial judge to enforce a copyright subpoenae. US District Judge John Bates had approved use of the Supreme Law on a coast. So there he go for the time being your closest clear. Have a good weekend to downloading. Michael Jackson is downloading a lot. All the spin all the time. California prosecutor's formerly filed charges yesterday against Michael Jackson. The case stemming from allegations he've listed at Kansas Dr. Ken Boy invited to his neverland ranch. Jackson, we charged with nine counts seven of child molestation in two of industry and intoxicating agent for the purpose of committing a felony. And interesting part of this is it sounds like that Jesus do solve over languages exactly what it is. Wine in the soda can which the kids drank through a straw just and it's really also amazing that these people don't seem to read the national enquire. Because the enquire had that part of it long before anybody else just like they had the rush. Story before anybody else. And the stuff in Vegas at the villa behind the mirage. How come they're out talking about that yet. About the boy parties after Michael Michael motorcycle who he wants to come back to answer these charges. What a bunch of crap. This Mark Jericho's he. He looks slimy you know what I mean. The mustache the whole thing he looks like a real slimy attorney to me. I just got a snippet of that interview of Larry King last night. Yeah. Yeah. And they were tied all you as a ruffled up in jail. They put him in the restroom and they made him smell urine and all this stuff. Yeah, smell this. I guarantee you smell worse than that. According to his maids they worked at Neverland. He used to like not change his underwear. He used to poop in his pants. He would do lazy to go to the cramper. That was in that book the on the. And you know really interesting how you can't find that book. It's out of print now. Oh, yeah, the unauthorized biography of Michael Jackson. You can go on Amazon.com and I think for like 50 cent or something. You can get a used copy. Right. But the world supposed to have Alzheimer's and forget all the stuff that was revealed years ago about the crap that was going on about. Latoya screaming in the elephant about how he was a pervert and she found all those cancelled sex that he paid off all the parents millions and millions to shut up. Make him go away. And there's a giro goes on there and Larry King. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Suck in their ass. Him and the germane. You know, your main wants on the gravy train. That's what it's all about. Speed of gravy. Corky's here. Well, congratulations. Yeah. That meant to that. Well, that's because they like to hop around with so much. No, they like you. No, they don't. They like you. People used to like me. Okay. I listen. I can handle it. It doesn't bother me. I like the money. I take the checks right to the bank. They go in. I'm doing just fine. Life is sweet. I'm real happy. Nobody can be on top of the heat forever, man. It's just one of those things. I used to be a real popular guy. Corky's used to like me. Miguel used to like me. Now I'm just a sorry broken old man. You know, you're the worst thing. Sure wardrobe. It's that crappy wardrobe. Yeah. If I come sit in here, my box is shorts. Uh-huh. My plaid box is shorts. I look lovely. Want me to get mine too? No, please don't. So what do they bring? Versailles and potato pancakes. I haven't seen it, but I'll blow it. I can't get it. It just gets boxes. It's a good thing. I'm not there because if anybody does not need to eat it's me. I just blew him up like I do. No, not like you. No. And this is the last thing you need to, but since you've been for it, you, I want the audience to know that this fat little tub who supposedly was trying to lose weight that he went out of his way and called personally called our friends at Corky's and practically begged for them to bring in potato pancakes. I don't have to beg too hard. They were more than willing. Well, I'm sure they were. It's for the free plugs. And why don't I hold not? I could use some plugs. Braccombe. Yeah, after you pick out, you can probably give you one. Believe me. Josh has been like run out in the hallway once you start letting lose. So anyway, enjoy your impact. What you haven't seen yet, it's outside. Right. Grab it. Yeah. 560560. We got the Michael Jackson and his kids that were fathered by an anonymous sperm donor. Hinkly in a bush family friend. I don't know whether to read that or not because it is after all of Mary and the important show, I am going to read the Michael Mork piece. See, the guy that called before he's a good collar, he likes to show and I don't want to like the argumentative, but this is not the Howard Stern show. Okay. Howard Stern makes more money in a month that I make in 10 years. All right. He's got 800 million stations. I don't have any delusions of grander. I do the best that I can. Nor do I have any desire of emulating. He's not been accused of it over the years of imitating emulating. This isn't the Howard Stern Junior Show. There are plenty of those wannabes believe me on the year. Including when I was talking about a little while ago, but I want to go into that. Plenty of Howard wannabes. So I do a show that and I was thinking about this just yesterday when those numbers came out. This show, there is another show in a country like this show. And maybe part of the problem is we try to do too many things. But I'm certainly not going to do the one-dimensional thing and just go to that like Randy Rhodes. Black or gold, we're going to say all that other old time, light bulb right away. It's that it's history. And I got to change the world on some horseball station with a crap signal. In my opinion, we're having people don't speak English. And the other half are functionally illiterate. And the other half are going to ball, give me a ball, give me a ball. How about that J. Filer and Dave Wants that wants that and Filer and Filer and Wants that. And that's such a makes me gag. God, if that's your life, get with it. How's bar angry he doing? Oh my god, he keeps falling down. We haven't figured out the reason why he just keeps falling down. He keeps putting a ball on the ground, falling down. Oh look at the votes on this pool man. I see they love this. They love it. And it doesn't bother me. I like giving them an opportunity to vent. You know, let them all hang out. Hang it. Why do you think the resultant appears to be shrinking? 294 votes in less than an hour. This could be another one of those record breakers. And let me ask you this. If the audience is all gone, it was this week. Wasn't it early in the week that we broke the record? We had over 900 votes in one day? Yes. Are doing the show? Right. Yeah. 9. Well, so where do hell is everybody? I don't know. I mean, they must be there somewhere. Maybe they're not listening. They're just monitoring on the website. Right. Must be it, huh? 294 votes. The ratings are wrong. The audience is still there. 162. 55.0 on percent. Well, that's, you know, that's nice. It's more than half. But that doesn't sound too reassuring. Does it? But it's suckups. He's too liberal. Two anti-bush 41.13.9%. And for those people, let me say it again. The most corrupt family in American history, the bush family. Okay. Booch, Booch, Booch. Crooks. Or just changed again. 304. Holy crap. 170. Say the audience is still there, Neil. Pat the old man on the head. Just relax. Everything will be just fine. 56%. 42. He's too liberal. To anti-bush. The show is too newsy again. Too much read news. What they're trying to say. 26. Too newsy. He's not a touch with softload of 22. He's too busy touching it. For else firing pissed off the audience, 22. He needs a new ward, Robo 11, which is true. Too much mold bashing seven. That's a loolie. That's a loolie. That's a loolie. And he's too old. Four. Out of 304. Over 300 votes in less than an hour. That is pretty even. I'm impressed with that. It takes a lot to impress me. Don't think it's you and Mark are doing their thing. They're a toy driver. They're going to call in. What time did you say? They're on the ice. So they can come on anytime. I think. I don't want them to come on now because we had to do the break. Okay. If we came on now, they don't have like a few. What would you like me to schedule that? I don't have to. You have to. I want to make sure that they're awake and listening. They're listening right now. They're listening to see what kind of cost the cowards you're going to make about them again. Okay. You're just jealous because they got their own show. And that's what your whole song today is. As far as you admit it, you're jealous. I am jealous. I have a show between two to five. They had a seven-year-in-a-last book overnight. They were greatly didn't for Mo even he agrees with that. Absolutely. You're just jealous that they're like stars. And you just want to be. You're just a little suckling that wilds around even free food. That is very true. Yeah. I am jealous. Well, there you go. I want to be on their show. They wouldn't let me be on and I'd held a graduate. I mean, I was a good choice. I know. That was a good choice. Now, they get rid of that. Other crap they got on there. See, if they want to look, if they want to have a lot of people listening. And probably shouldn't tell them this. But the FCC rules are different overnight. You do know that. Yes. I have their Shempie and whatever. The other kids are safely asleep. So they don't have to hear this perversion. They could just put on the audio from my table TV. I had to be in town. The record companies have been all over the clubs. I watched Lollipop killed Get signed in my lobby. Just last week. Did they could put the audio in from playboy TV? Probably get a 30-year. Let's find the extra. But third man. It's always fun. But just make sure you keep your finger real close to it. What are you doing? We're sports for the O5C. You A.M. That's a hoot. We're going to be the C. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's an hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. That's a hoot. What do you say? I can not believe that. That's a hoot. The singing sound is so quiet. I'm very nice. I can not believe that's a hoot. We're both happy and happy. Be cold. I can not believe that's when I see you. Over here. We're going to be waiting for our second party. For outpour. You only have the stones just gotaged silly, just laying away what they got You'll do these go and there comes an odl they can do You will be the fun We got him, baby 11.15 at 5.60. WQM happy Friday 2. Happy Chinooka Merry Christmas to had Jappy New Year. Great Michael Moore column. You can go to Michaelmore.com or find it on theorages.com and guess what? I'm going to read it. Oh no, you're not going to do that, are you kidding it? It's down a little bit. No. That guy didn't have a good point. It would be nice to have a staff who would edit things out. And like when you flash me the thing about the hinkly and the bush family yesterday was like all this joy to know. And I'm in the middle of a show and I'm trying to be to find page article and it really just was astonishing. I thought I'm breathtaking. But it's just impossible because there's like words missing and pages missing. Follow what I'm saying. If you pay me I'll do it. No. Okay. So later at my leisure time I went online and I found a website which in what was a Germany in the something. Sure. And it was damn good. Anyway Michael Moore writes we finally got our Frankenstein and he was in a spider hole. He said thank God Sodom is finally back in American hands. He must have really missed us. Man, he sure looked bad. But at least he got a free deadly exam today that something most Americans can't get. America used to like Sodom. We loved him. We funded him. We armed him. We helped him gas or Indian troops. But then he screwed up. He invaded the dictatorship of Kuwait and in doing so did the worst thing imaginable. He threatened to even better friend of ours. The dictatorship of Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves. The bushes and the Saudi world family were and our close business partners. Then Sodom back in 1990 committed a world blunder by getting a little too close to their wealthy holdings. Things went downhill for Sodom from there. But it wasn't always that way. Sodom was our good friend in ally. We supported his regime. It wasn't the first time we helped the murderer. We liked playing Dr. Frankenstein. We created a lot of monsters to his Shah of Iran, Samozov, Nicaragua, Pinochet of Chile. And then we expressed ignorance or shock when they ran a muck in massacred people. We liked Sodom because he was willing to fight the Ayatollah. To a mature that he got billions of dollars to purchase weapons weapons of mass destruction, that's right. He had them. We should know we gave them to him. We allowed an encouraged American corporations to do business with Sodom in the 1980s. That's how we got chemical and biological agents. We could use them in chemical and biological weapons. Here's the list of some of the stuff we sent him according to an 94 US Senate report. Vassilus Antrakis, Kuzof Antrakis. Fust idiom, Bartolinum, a source of Bachelinum toxin. Pistol plasma kept selatum a cause of a disease attacking the lungs brain spinal cordon heart, Russela Menelah Tenses, a bacteria that can damage major organs, clustered idiom, perforgans, whatever it is, a highly toxic bacteria, causing systemic illness, and clustered idiom, tetanah, a highly toxic antexutin. Here are some of the American corporations who helped to prop Sodom up by doing business with him. AT&T, Bectel, Caterpillar, Dow, Chemical, DuPont, Kodak, Hula Packard, and IBM for a full list of companies and descriptions of how they help Sodom click here. We're so cozy with the world Sodom we decided to feed him satellite images so we could locate where the Iranian troops were. We pretty much knew he would use the information and sure enough as soon as we send them the spy photos he gasped those troops, and we kept quiet because he was our friend in the Iranians with the enemy. A year after he first gasped the Iranians we re-established full diplomatic relations with him. Later he gasped his own people the courage. You think that would force us to disassociate ourselves from him, Congress tried to impose economic sanctions on Sodom, but the Reagan White House quickly rejected that idea. It wouldn't let anything do you rail their good buddies Sodom. We had a virtual love fest with this Frankenstein whom we in part created. And just like the mythical Frankenstein, Sodom eventually spun out a control. It would no longer do what he was told by his master. Sodom had to be caught. And now that he's been brought back from the wilderness perhaps you'll have something to say about his creators. Maybe we can learn something interesting. Maybe Don Ramsford Rumsfeld could smile and shake Sodom's hand again just like he did when he went to see him in 1983. Click here to see the photo. Maybe we never would have been in the situation where we in if Rumsfeld bushy in your company hadn't been so excited back in the 80s about their friendly monster in the desert. Meanwhile anybody know where the guys who killed 3,000 people in 9, 11 are other Frankenstein. Maybe he's in a mouse hole. So many of our little monsters sold a little time before the next election. Stay strong democratic candidates. Quit sounding like a bunch of whispers. These bastards sent us up to run a lie to killing or not stop. The Arab world hates us with a passion and will pay for this out of our pockets for years to come. Nothing that happened today were in the past nine months has made us one bit safer in our post 911 world. Sodom was never a threat to our national security. Only our desire to play with Dr. Frankenstein dooms a sol. And then he's got a series of links on the bottom of the article. This is for a look back to better times of our relationship with Sodom. See the following. Got a whole bunch of things they can click on. The entire article is on our website and you're out of your com or Michael Moore.com. I just go on Mike you go boy. Oh, how come I can't get a guy like Michael Moore to run? Because he has logic. He's intelligent. He's doing television for the public. He doesn't look like a doro bird right. They don't want that. They don't want. Because how last name is in Booch, Booch, Booch. Yeah, what it is? Yeah, exactly. I mean, when you look at Florida, for example, and you see what I hear the governor of the state, caught with his tape down, talking about his devious plans to subruth a world of the electorate on the class size amendment. And a kitchen when he's a homophobic comments about the bull dikes, and it makes no difference. In fact, probably got a morpheus with a redneck's in Florida, probably did the better for him. And that's what you're dealing with. Man, you do what a bunch of doro birds. So good luck to you. Anyway, we're legalizing the criminalizing pot here. Michael Jackson, the blockbuster in the December 30th in Quireman, Michael's lies about his own kids. We'll get to eventually. Find 670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for as well as not. Good new website for I should point out. Okay. Missleeder.org. Excellent website. Missleeder, MISLEADER, LADR, Missleeder.org. What house covers tracks by removing information? This is also on our website. Just in Timberlank and in St. Banned members are racists. The charges are former tour manager in Timberlank and Lossu. Although in the case of a just and tickabellan instinct, I couldn't like any less than I already like him so it doesn't really make any difference. Another crisis for Roy. He can't speak his vocal cords are paralyzed. You know the eye of the tiger? Yeah. Little problem there with Roy in the speech. He's mom. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for asian wireless line. We think of interspersed and calls here today. I want to sit here read for four hours. That would be too noisy. Yeah, too noisy. Too noisy. Want to get a lot of these great calls in here today. Here a little bit more about Dave one stat. Jay Feeleer. Ryan Greasy. Dan Marino. The late David Woodley. Earl Morrell. WDQIM. Yes sir. How you doing? How's it going today. Good. Listen. Yesterday I called you because I wanted to ask you a request for about 31 to million here. Whatever thing. Yeah. But I didn't get to get there. I never played the bit. That's right. You're right. My bag. It's okay because the station went down. Didn't it? See that's an old man. I think it was your fault. There's coming up right out. It's coming up right after the break. Okay. Thanks Neil. This is. Tom Welling rules. All right. Right. Okay. But you know. Here's the guy wants a Tom Welling blowup doll. He'll have to probably borrow. Who we got in the building that would have a toy. Oh, what's his name? Carlos. Hey Carlos, pick your ear in idiot man. You're a disaster waiting to happen. 26 past 11 and 5 60 look. There's Bubba on there. Now, and here's a swirry from the york does heavier lifting. Wheel she run for his old job. He's a lottery. He's running. Let's hear it for Hillary. Let you say hi. She's the only choice we got. Let's dig her out. What do you say? Okay. Why aren't? Are you starting to go down on Hillary? What do you mean? Speaking of going down on your great new mattress. So I guess you didn't get your cute little lady to the mattress last night. No, I'm not like that. To check out your new King Royal mattress. Not not to do anything like sexual just to kind of like inspect it. Maybe bounce around on it. See how good it feels. We're up and brought it. And we're dead too. Where in my house? Anyway, here's an idea with a time for holiday shopping run. You got less than a week for Christmas. Make your gift giving a lot easier this year. Avoid a parking lots and the parking hassles and log register lines. A credit malls and traffic by calling our friends at dial a mattress. One easy call, one 800 mattress. And you can give the gift. I'll be thanking you for your in and you're out with a gift certificate. Any domination from dial a mattress. And of course a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift. They're the both enjoy for years. Not a mattress. There's no phony promises. No bait and switch. Just great. Unbeatable discount prices every day on the top brand names in the world. Now, including Stearns and Foster dial a mattress. It's got the guarantee to lowest prices anywhere on Stearns and Foster. And you still get to pick the day in time for delivery. Even during this busy holiday season. Any day of the week seven days from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. You picked the two hour wonder like 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. No to 2, 1 to 3 etc. And the lunches will be there. They'll take away the crappy old bedding and they'll set up your brand new one. No extra charge. So for service that's unbeatable. Do what everybody at 2 m is doing. And all smart people everywhere are doing. Call the vetting experts. You can't beat him anywhere at 1 800 mattress. That's what I'm going to call dial a mattress. 1 800 m ATTR ES or online. It's macros.com. Happy holidays from all your good friends at dial a macros. I'm not a normal. This is for 20. 20. 2 a.m. Why do you best? Reagan. A life in letters is the publishing event of the year. But letters alone cannot tell the full story of America's greatest president. Introducing Reagan. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life of post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. A life in post-it notes. If you have a life in post-it notes. If you have a life in post-it notes. If you have a life in post-it notes. Grown. Reagan. A life in post-it notes is available at boredom's books by your copy today and receive the bonus volume, Reagan, a life in post-relist. E.G. Milk. And what is? O.E. Age. Milk. And it is. Milk. Keywee, shoe polish, don't forget that running for the hero. 11.32 at 5.60 at WDQAM. How is your mark doing? Are we going to hear from them or not? Whenever you watch it. I will. Are they there right now? We'll see. They're potted up so supposedly you can see. I don't think they're listening. They're busy taking toys. Yeah, let me go and see if I can call them. No, no, no, no, no call them. In other words, I'm going to give them a window of opportunity if they don't pipe up. I mean, they're not listening to the show. And, you know, if they missed their opportunity, it's just one of those things. You know, how it is unless you reach out and grab the brass ring, it just zipped right on via. See what I'm saying? Yeah. What was that pot? I'll poke it. They're not there. That was their chance for this hour. Oops. Anyway, don't forget George will be a noon to two today at Fort Lauderdale Harley on Federal Highway, even though it's his vacation this week, he needs the money. He needs the money badly. And it's just south of Oakland Park Boulevard on Federal Highway. And when some are usual, very, very embarrassing QM prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City Sub, where I will make a difference. What's on the agenda day? We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog at two. The Humper, the a load will be on its four who hates you like poisonous matter, fact. Including the Dave Wands statue. This is going to be one of the very last day Wandschad statue I should point up between five and six. Panther P2 at seven, Panther's hosting the very, very boring Dallas stars at 730. Eddie Captain, a hockey game and ESPN radio over and I, that's the line up. It's in pencil, but that's the line up for right now. 560560, pound 560, any of phenomenal response and I'd pull. Look at that. That's more people than I thought we had listened to the whole audience. Can you believe that? 296, four more votes till 400 and just over an hour. Why do you think the OZ audience appears to be shrinking if you weren't with us yesterday? The trends came out for September, October, November and our month of November was like like everybody in this audience died, like they just vanished like the plague, like SARS was coming through the radio. Maybe they're all getting their flu shots. No. The ratings are wrong. The audience is still there at 224, 56 and a half percent. He's too liberal to anti bush 55. See, I could debate each one of these points since I'm going to want to wrote the poll in the first place, but I want to give them a chance, you know, for an opinion. But the fact that a matter is in September when we had that gigantic rating was I just a anti bush then, because I just, because I just, is liberal then. Oh, I said, I just mentioned that, but that's cute. The show is too newsy again, 33, too newsy. Like I think I just read by Michael Moore, who will want to hear that, right? How come you're so newsy? He's out of touch with South Florida, 28. For else firing pissed off the audience, 27. Not enough about the big D in a big rack. He needs an award-robable to much more vashing 11 and he's too old, six out of 396. How much have we clicked that again? We get 400. You know, and just in a whisper of time, do I believe that? And like an hour and ten minutes we get 390 done, like I said, next one, my body. Jackson's credibility in doubt even as he tries to discredit his accusers. Let me say it again. That white wash last night. That spin, that spin cycle with Mark Garagos and Germain. That was so freaking pathetic. And now his scumbag family, mommy and daddy drunken daddy, Joe and all that. Oh, he never stole a freight train. He's a fine young man. He never did these things. And it's just terrible what they try to do to our son Michael, right? While still reading this is from the December 30th National and Quyre, the Bible. While still reading from his arrest in Child Malustation charges, Michael Jackson is now in quite an lies about his own children. The singer's consistently maintained that he is the biological father of his son, Prince Michael VI and his daughter Paris V, both delivered by his former wife, Debbie Roe. But a Jackson family and son are others have come forward to challenge his claims saying the children were conceived by an anonymous sperm donor. And Michael was caught in the obvious lie when he gave conflicting accounts of the birth of his third child, Prince Michael II, the boy Michael calls blanket. Jackson's credibility could become a major issue as he faces the child Malustation charges. The singers attorneys have tried to cast out on the credibility of his accuser and his family, but revelations of Jackson's lies about his children could destroy his own believability. In the Martin Bashir documentary that aired on TV in February, Jackson stated that he had a relationship with blankets mother who wanted to remain anonymous. But at another point in the same documentary he claimed he never met blankets mother, but his sperm was used to fertilize her Regancy became a surrogate mother. Jackson was so concerned about the way the Bashir documentary was edited that he took the unusual stuff of working with Fox TV to present a special called Michael Jackson Take II, the interview they wouldn't show you which was hosted by Mori Povich. The Fox special featured an exchange that wasn't seen in the original airing of the documentary, but she asked, and would you like to have more children as you have done with the other three, you know, by getting a surrogate mother? Jackson responded, well the the first two Prince and Paris were from Debbie, which was natural conception no and Bashir interrupted. You had sex with Debbie? Jackson yes. Jackson's contradicting statements regarding the way his kids were conceived, called on tape, could be used by prosecutors to portray him as a liar if he testifies him a molestation case. A attorney Brian Oxman who represents the Jackson family, but not Michael, says the family's convinced he is the biological father of all three children. Michael Jackson's has he the father of those kids and his family believes him he told the inquire, there's no controversy over them along the topic. I've spoken to Michael, I've spoken to his father, Joe, to his mother, Catherine, his brothers, Tito, Germain, and Randy, they all say that those children of Michael are his. I have scientific proof, no, but Michael says he is in the family believes him because they want that gravy train. Bad. But Jackson's mother was quoted November 2002 about seven months after blankets births saying, that boy's not a Jackson. I know what Jackson when I see one, that ain't no Jackson. I love it. Bad boy's not a Jackson. I know what Jackson when I see one, that ain't no Jackson. The pop stars for a brethren-law Jack Gordon was married to Michael Cisterl at two-year for eight years, made it even more bizarre allegation and an exclusive interview with the inquire. No one in this family really believes Michael fathered these children, he said, Michael is terrified that a DNA test will prove there is no blood link between himself and his three kids. In other words, there's a better chance of being a father of a Sheridan's baby on passions than of these three kids. Michael has told many lies over the years he said, but the lie about his own kids is certainly the biggest and potentially the most damaging. His two children, by Debbie Roar, were fathered by an anonymous sperm donor, says Gordon. The real father is not black like Michael, he's a Caucasian, and Debbie Pickham, a listed donor profiles available at the sperm bank, and Michael's youngest son, Blankett, is a total surprise to everyone, one day the baby just arrived at Michael's ranch, delivered there by an adoption attorney, Michael never had a relationship with the baby's mother. I'm told she was young and unwed, and Michael arranged to gain custody through adoption attorney. Have a lot of easy to start molesting children if you have a whole bunch of your own? That's just what I'm thinking. Adam, hasn't that thought crossed your mind? Come on. Hasn't that thought crossed your mind? I hadn't told her. Yes, that's it. Michael is claiming that the kids are his because he thinks it makes him look good in the eyes of his fans. When you see Michael's kids, it's obvious he's not the father, that's why he makes them were veils. Behind the veils, it's clear these kids are white, not biracial. They all have white skin, white features and straight blonde hair, Paris even has blue eyes. Then he rose father Gordon also reported the disputed Michael's peridage claim, according when associated with press article in 1996, Gordon claimed that his daughter told him the concept of Jackson's first trial occurred by artificial insemination. I said, Debbie, why artificial insemination is he capable of fathering a child like anyone else? Gordon wrote was quote in the interview, she laughed and said, Michael doesn't do anything like anyone else. And Steve Schmire, who dated Debbie before she became pregnant was quoted as saying he was convinced the child was conceived by artificial insemination. Before the Jackson people in public about the pregnancy and marriage idea, Debbie had told me she had agreed to try for a baby using artificial insemination as a favor to a friend, Schmire told her reporter, Schmire or Schmire. No names were mentioned, but you don't need to be a genius to work out who she was talking about. Said an insider, it was clear back at the time of Debbie, Royal carrying Prince Michael at Jackson seemed to be caught up in lies, especially saying the kid was conceived naturally. Debbie's father be attracted to statement later sources to say after Jackson anguly went to Debbie and said he was embarrassed about what he said in print. The inquire also caught Jackson in another lie that could damage his credibility as he tries to maintain his innocence to the molestation case. We reveal that he'd exaggerated the medical condition of his then-to-year-old son Prince Michael in order to screw him out of a concert of parents. Jackson said Prince had suffered a seizure and was dying, in fact the child was successfully treated and quickly recovered. The baby's doctor, Dr. Alan Metzker, confirmed to the inquire in June of 1999, Prince was never in a life-threatening situation. Three days after the medical crisis, Jackson was scheduled to appear at a benefit concert and Italy would look down upon a rotate, but sources say Jackson wanted to gather the concert because at the time he was addicted to pain killers. Don't forget your heart. Maybe he and Rush could get there a heads together, you think? Debbie greater some notes. 19 till noon at 5.60 WQM used to be great. You're now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the heir apparent, her son, Prince Charles. Hello, Charles. It's mom. What are you calling for, Grandma? I'm worried about your Charles. I'm your country call me every day. I'm very worried. Your call me like, turn to the day, mom. I've been having the newspaper here. The day, Le Miro? Yes. I don't read such rubbish. Well, did you happen to see the front page? I didn't see it, mom. I don't read such rubbish, I'll tell you. It says, is Charles bisexual? No. It says, it says, it says, it says, it says, it says, it says, it says, it says, it says, it says, it says, it says, it says, what? It's true, Charles. What was it saying, mom? It's Charles bisexual. What's it mean by that, mom? It means you liked the lashes and the lads. I don't like the lads, mom. Don't cry, mom. It's true, isn't it? Please don't cry, mom. It's true. It's not true. I knew I should have thought something wrong when I called you listening to Clay Egg. I like it, mom. It's a good singer. I mean, that's all it was to. I had all those Barbara strides and movies in the collection out. I love to, and yet, oh, mom. That doesn't make me buy. How dare he? Very fine. With it. Watching him shower right now. Where are you crying, mom? It's true, isn't it? What? It's true. It's not true. You're my sexual. I am not. By sexual. I don't have any sex. The woman I'm dating mom looks like a horse. I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all. You know that. Is that where you go for the men? I don't go for the men, though. So it's not true. I'm going to be the king of England. Yes, it should have worried about. Oh, I'm worried, mom. You're being a king and the queen. I can't keep it. Can you just converse it? And then he'll go home. All right. My date here. Your date? The commander? I'm on an early. Who is that? Just a friend. Is that commander? It's early. Ernie, who's early? My friend, early. Who's early? We play here, football together, mom. You don't play football. We play games together, mom. I've got to go to have a... Stop crying. Stop crying. It's all been 49, 11 before noon at 5. 16, W.C.A.M. Why are you sending to the scrap from Bokabab? You have to be joking. Please. Ex-pastor sentenced in break-ins of homes of church members in Finde, Ohio. And then, uh, priest and ministers, there were a lot of problems in Ohio, you know what I'm saying? Finde, Ohio. You know who's from Finde, Ohio? Nope. Joe Marsh Jr. Speaking of Joe, Joe and Mark called and they didn't have a speaker, but they're on the headphones right now. A former pastor convicted of breaking into the homes of church members asked God and Judge for a... Forgive me for that as sentencing. Thomas Willow for a pastor of Grace Bible Church of Arlington, Ohio. We received a suspended 16 month prison term in Hancock County, Common Police Court Wednesday. I deeply regret what happened. I wish there was something I could do to make it right. I'm asking for your mercy. Judge, Regs, Rauston, or willow to go counseling and serve 90 days in the county jail, or at a rehabilitation center. Sheriff's reports said Willow 34 broke into the homes to masturbate. He was just trying to dip his work, take a look like Cecil, probably. How do you like that? I'm happy, note. Did you say that you and Mark are sitting by? They are. Correct. And... And here we are, Neil. Oh, it's a good thing. Voice from the heavens. How are you? Good thing you spoke, man. You have no idea how close you were to get in like sliced right off. We don't have to have to have to do the run on a show. This is like, you know, I have like the beast Jo show. All right. Enough of that. I heard that. I was I was Duke into that. Of course. Listen, you know, Jo Rose has a, he stirs the pot. That's what he does. Yeah. Well, the beast mobs and he stirs it. The problem, well, at least it was a little diversion from most calls. You know, as much as I loved Jo Rose. He's a good guy. Never stole a freight train. He's got a nice big head. I always been very nice to me. But the fact that a matter is that this, and you know it because you guys don't do a sports show. This sports disease. Now, see, this is another thing to overcome. It's not just the fact that all audiences vanished when Ferragut camp. But now we get overcome the fact that, I mean, there is nothing there. But sports. You know, Jo is great. He knows his crap. You know, he used to play it all the other garbage old number 80. But that's all a wristman is a Danny and Jimmy and the Fieeler and Monstead. And that's it. What can I say? That's the true. You might be my wife. No, it is the truth. That's why when we started doing our own show, we decided to do more than sports. It's got sports in there. But man, during these times when the teams suck, all you're going to get is the same call a hundred times a day. A hundred times the exact same thing. Nobody cares about the heater the panthers and right now he's so. That's an advocate. See, that goes to show you the fantasy of the whole concept of sports talk radio. And that is that even if you had a hundred teams in town if they all suck or if there's only one team that anybody cares about what's the point and it doesn't then we can sell a lot of spots the exact same call over and over again. So if you listen to the show for 10 minutes, you heard the same thing 10 minutes. But I said this week my head is spinning and not just a little head cool ahead, but my head is spinning because ordinarily you know, George and I start talking about 738 o'clock in the morning. So I don't hear a little bit of mo. Oh, you know, that's a little bit more than enough. And and that's it. I never hear what's on. Even when for El was on, I very rarely heard him. But now that I'm forced to listen because I'm sitting here. We got the pot open on what's on the year and it's the same ones over and over and over and over and they're all saying the same crap. This is Jimmy and Danny part two all over again. I cannot. I cannot come across this morning. Our little contamination before the show and she said you're right. You're right. It's soxed blows and he won't do nothing about what are you going to do. I mean what kind of thought process do you have? I mean this is your lead in show for God. Well, you mean by that. Well, what do you mean what do you mean? I'm not a similar guy. No, no, now you're trying to create a problem. So it's not going to be the trouble maker. Oh, see now. Oh, you see what he's going where he's going. Where am I going? You want to me to put in for you to do a to 10. That's exactly true. That is absolutely true. It is absolutely true. Did he do hear it? Did he hear it? I heard it. I heard it. I have a strategy. But that's not you. You have a strategy. You want to get Joe Rose. Well, first of all, you don't have to get him can because he's not official anyway. It does look like he's going to be able to do the thing permanent any of. And that's what you're hoping for. So you guys can slide in their way to 10. I know what I want to do. I want to get off the old. I know what you want to do. You want to do all I want to do is get off the overnight where like there are real people that are awake that can hear just how great the show is even though it's not the perfect thing about this. And the last book in the summer book you guys kicked as you had a 7.4. I believe it was a 7 something sheer overnight. Yes. Third. He's a great lead in even for mold. Even he benefited from it, which is a miracle. Absolutely. And now you want to like go on. You know, against Howard Stern against the following. You know what I want to do Neil? I want to make some money is what I want to do. I want to make some money. I want to run business. I have to feel it a long time. I have a feeling they're not going to pay as big bucks to work on the overnight. So I think I got to get to a point where the sun is up. And then we might start making some money and the salespeople are still selling some live spots. And until then, we're not going to be we don't want to have two nickels to rub together. Hey, do you know what we're doing out here by the way? Yeah. Jo and Mark are doing their annual toy drive. Really good cause it's a cafe going to pepper peterle the summer clock on a Friday night like tonight. So you're urged to bring by new unrap toys benefit Joe to Matthew Children's Hospital. Even though Joe to measure was a major asshole, the fact is it's a really good cause because the kids need your help. Brightons up their holiday season smooth. That was it. That's exactly right. We've done it well actually. We've got a lot of toys out here. People are bringing bags and bags. It's good stuff. Are they really that's good? Maybe we have an audience out there. I doubt it though. I apologize. I'm not going all these faxes. I just got because my I wasn't aware of the fact that my printer was jammed for like the last 45 minutes. And I tried to print something out and then a message came up and I got all panicky and I took a look and I was all jammed up so I just have a million faxes. Apology accepted. You're like this one. Maybe your audience is shrinking because they're trying to mimic your penis. Oh, they only knew. See, I'm going to wear what happened with the numbers yesterday. So it's all kind of news to me. What happened? Here's another fact that says from chronic David he says you're missing the most important reason. The sensor is one. Well, I have a feeling that has to do with the forlph. That's what you've heard. The sensors one. Is that what they're all speaking now? What is this scuttle about that you're picking up because you get out in the butt. You're out there now at doing a thing. You do some appearances. Are people telling you the same as they tell Miguel and the beast and that is everybody's pissed off that forl guy can and therefore they turned off QAM? I haven't heard that exactly. Specific order or similarly. People really love forlph. That's what I know. I've run into many, many, many people that loved forlph because they're way to work. He made them laugh. You have a lot of fun. And you didn't do a sport show. I mean, talk a little bit about sport. But he didn't entertain me show. He was all sick. He didn't get on the cover of the new times and all those magazines and get that ten thing because he was a sports guy. There are thousands of sports guys that can coach statistics across the world. The guy had a stick and everybody loved it. He made people laugh on the way to work. There it is. There is the reap in the reason people listen to him. And he didn't be pissed off all they want to thank to the matter was he got himself fired. And then he's seeing the audience thinks because we give them some of the insights to scoop. They think that they really know what's going on. This guy that well, the sense is one. It's much more beyond that. It's way above and beyond that. If they only knew. Yeah. As I understand. There are, so let me just put it delicately. Okay, there are some real problems. They're okay. I like Spaddleot. He's a great talent. He's a lot of fun to work with. We had a great crossover. But there are a lot of problems there. And he audience right away. Oh, well, gee, you know, they were like all over his ass. They wouldn't let him do this. They don't understand. They don't get it. They think they know some of them, but they don't. It's a shame. It just, it makes somebody like me like really pissed off because the guy had so much talent. And he was so much, so funny. And the, blew the opportunity. You know, he has a death wish. That's the thing that sucks about it because how many times did I tell him on and off the earth. Just take the money to the bank. Cool if for a while. Do whatever to tell you. Have a good time. You can't tell him anything. You know, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I feel like I'm like, he's to that opportunity. And you know, we got to work. That's the deal. But what are you going to do? I mean, that's, uh, I made his bet. And I was laying in. I think he's doing the Chicago gig with man. I was, well, I'm hearing nothing but luck. I did, I did. He's not coming back. So all new people at our pissed off. Because for well, God fired. Number one. We didn't fire him. Number two. We liked him a lot. And number three, he ain't coming back. Yeah. What are we? Yeah. Why, why punish us for it? They got in the beast. I don't have to this week. Man, they, they're out with mega phones out there and I was very road. Nobody's listening to QM and more because for well, God can't. And they're pissed off at all of us now. And where are they going to go to get something like for real? Where are they going to go? They're going to turn off for well and what? Put in the forl cd. What are they going to do? They're going to talk to themselves. No. There's nothing else out there. Nothing else that's going to make them laugh. The entertaining. Stern's been around for a hundred years. If they were already listening to the judge. And again, a grandiose, the name and eight point one. He's kicking ass. So sir, his guys. He was a heavy spikter and I should point that out. Oh, see. Oh, rather. There we go. It's him. We just don't spikter by language. See. So yeah, have a good time, Joe. We'll do. Thanks for having us on and appreciate you telling me. I'll be lucky and I'll put in a good word for you and your buddy there. Thank you very much. What's his name? Okay. Two minutes still known as five sixty QAM. My wife and local. This is four twenty-five sixty. QAM. Perra, it means it's twelve to one hour on WQA. Oh, my God. If you're so drunk, I'll throw you out. I'll throw you out. Oh, yeah. Who's your daddy? Who's your daddy? Oh, my God. I'm playing with my boys. Play with my boys. Oh, my fielder. Oh, my God. You're just real limo. You're so good. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I was so good. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'm going to beat you a cow. Probably two or five sixty. WQM happy Chinooka. Happy Holidays. And all this other great stuff. I'm going to have a vacation start tomorrow. And I'm going to be gone for eleven days. And I'm real excited about a George will be here next week. And George right now. He's got a busy weekend for God's on vacation. And I will say one thing for the bees. George, I'll thank you. Because this week, you really made me appreciate George more than ever. That I can help. Not that I'm appreciate him. I've always appreciated George and spread of all the crappy takes from the audience. And a lot of it deservedly. But this week, I really appreciate George a lot. But anyway, now till two George's are four. Lot of it. I'll hardly unfetter. I'll just have the Oakland Park Boulevard. When prizes in your free food and analytics city. He's got all of our best in the election. Including, of course, those highly desirous. More Howard David. He changed. And the best in the LCDs. And if that isn't good enough to enjoy George's tomorrow. 11 to one at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings, Northwood. He's the sandwich guy at Northwest 36. He just was to 27th Avenue. My misdopped out when prizes in free food. Again, for our Lani city's of the sandwich. He got all be there. And they're really get the sandwiches before. It'll hired help grab the sandwiches. You've heard about that. Have a new year. He goes to Bill Siddles. And nobody has any idea there who he is. Except that he brings the free sandwiches. They love the sells guys. No, speaking in place. You think that they would be bonded with him a little bit since he's one of their people. But nevertheless, now this fast. What do you send me whole pile of taxes? And again, my thing wasn't working. I didn't realize it. Sorry. I had a jam on it. This facts is what the kind of thing that just makes my blood curdle. It says, Haney, oh, two things. It's amazing how this administration trying so hard to link Sodom, New Al Qaeda. By the way, big drug bust in the Persian Gulf. I'll tell that. Possibly links to Al Qaeda. Little while ago. Some high sheets. And the press just lapsed it up. Second, did you see to be poured on MSNBC about David Kay leaving in January. Guess what? No, at WMD. He even says, hi, they unlikely they'll be found. But does Miss Fudge or any of the news group report? This, I can't even find an article on this. Also the most over-use phrase for the sport holds a pathetic group to say at least. What do you think? Just said, anyway, love the show. Grip him out past poor tight. Well, I'm glad you love the show. But you ought to, since you've seen the Fudge report, why don't you look at our website? You might actually learn something. Because on the website, right now, I just printed it out just to prove to you. The headline says, Chief of weapons hunted Iraq may leave. And I can't find an article anywhere on this. Can you help me out? Yeah, look on our website, schmuck. The chief of the hunt for weapons in mass destruction in Iraq may be leaving his position. You, I sent out his official city yesterday. David Kay, former U.N. weapons inspector brought in by the CIA to run a search, is meeting with agency officials in Washington to discuss his future. Kay recently returned from Iraq for the holidays. His possible departure first reported by the Washington Post. Since the war, Kay's search teams have found little that would validate the Bush administration's assertions that saw them at weapons and mass destruction programs. And it goes on and I'm not going to read the whole thing. I don't want to get that one to have set me's right. We didn't too much. Okay, too, Newsy. But what? Okay, too, Newsy. Don't want to be too Newsy. But it's right there on our website. I mean, how difficult is it going to be? To look on our website and see the articles. I mean, great. We got a lot of money today. 30, six, I think. Sorry, Eric. But if you're looking for a story on something, we got the headline on there to tell you what the story is about. And it's right there, man. Just take a puke at it. Here's another silly facts. The mold bashing thing is so old and takes up a disproportionate amount of airtime. Absolutely. I don't know if it's real or contrived. Believe me, there's nothing to try to about a number one and number two. If we talked about mode today more than five seconds. No. No. I don't know if it's real or contrived, but it is old redundant and narrow. At this point, it seems to be a filler or just something for Bocabryne to keep being. You asked for it. My opinion doesn't really matter. So carry on with whatever you want to do. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. P.S. Please take down the SIGVED in Royce site. No. No. No. We absolutely won't. I mean, what is that all about? That that's one of my favorites of all time. Don't get it. The SIGVED in. ROL. No. No. No. This is another asshole. Tell us what to do. I mean, it's one thing to suggest something. If you don't like the SIGVED in Royce, if you find it tasteless or if you have no sense of humor, just scroll by real facts. It's amazing how fast you can scroll by whatever you like. Just put your little cursor on your cursor. Man. Or a lot of facts. I just say another one to. Hey, Neil, have been able to hear your show until now. I was wondering if you had heard Mo. Oh, see there we go with Mo again. Uh, uh, all the crap you could unwrap. Calm down. And his highly weighted and quick beer, same radio show admitted he had fired the beast. No, I did not hear that. After denying that, he comes out today and mitts it several times. Yep. He also, huh? Yeah, he did. He also said that Hank or the load is he called him and fired the beast that your Rose hated him and that for well couldn't stand him. All of that is true. And of course, that fired him. No, it's for well did not fire him. And Hank never fired me either. Not only is that man an asshole. No, I'm wondering. He's talking about you or Mo. Well, I believe not only is that man an asshole, but he is a lying asshole. He keeps digging his grave deeper and deeper. Mo is the scum of the earth. I hate that asshole. Alex says, grip of a new ass. He certainly deserves it. And then what I say, he will continue to do it because it happens to be true. He is the cancer. He is the dark spot. Stick on a QM. No, it is not stick. They can stick it. That's what they are. You know, something, how is that possible? Like, I'd be just stick when he's trying to get everybody fired. Okay. Is that stick when you're screwing around with people's lies? I don't believe you. I don't care. I don't care whether they believe me or not. It's the truth. I don't care. Oh, trust me. I know. Brian W. I do in Miami says, in general, I think you're own general. See, there's always a qualified in general. I think your show is great. I listen when I can. I think the reason for your drap and ratings isn't any of one of those on the pool. It's because your show is 100% negativity and or sarcasm all the time. Don't get me wrong. I like me some sarcasm and the times we live and let them subs to negativity. But people can take only so much of that. Ish at once. That ish. That's what it says. That's what it says. Plus you are too angry all the time. Am I angry? No, am I angry about him? I'm going to vacation for 11 days tomorrow. Life couldn't be better. I got a few bucks in the bank. I'm not the least bit angry. It's a radio show. Brian. I completely understand why as I'm usually angry myself. But I do not wish to radio show. Thanks for all the entertainment. Thanks to Boker Brian for being the inside to be hand of music. Whatever that's a Brian. Look at I don't need to have my ass kiss. But you know, I have the idea with that means you're an angry man. Okay. Whatever you say, Brian, you saw my paycheck shows up. How happy I am you be really amazed. Here's one that says, boy, just fashes up the ass. God. It says I have to agree. Oh, here's a good one. I listened to for a while because he was entertaining. Great friend listen to one of the way to work. I'm sure Joe Rose is competent. But it's just boring. Yeah, I'm not playing in Joe. I don't want anybody called up Joe Rose next week and say, Oh, you know, Neil, he was ripping you out of the way. I'm not ripping Joe out of Joe Rose. He's very good at what he does. In fact, of all the x-jocks, there's only him and mad dog. Are the only two that I give you a dime for. Right. Anywhere. I mean, he'll pat some roll in his day a hundred years ago. He was excellent. But how many x-jocks really are good broadcasters? Very, very few. Frank Gifford. Terrible. awful. coma inducing. Semi-illiterate. Anyway, I'm sure Joe Rose is competent. But it's just boring sports talk over and over again. The same thing. I gave him a shot after Feral was canned, but I was literally nodding off behind the wheel. Sorry, Joe. I tried to go back to Stern, but it's difficult to understand what he's saying. Since George Bush's. So, and so is so far down his throat. I can't say that word. Phil Henry suffers from the same ailment. Okay. I've settled on just listening to CDs in the car. Well, I'm assuming there's still this thing here because otherwise, they wouldn't be able to get in. I'm assuming there's still this thing here because otherwise, they wouldn't be fencing or maybe not. Who the hell am I? Well, let's take the website. They're not listening. They're just voting on a web. Well, they can do that, doesn't bother me. But if that were the case, then we'd still have the gigantic number of hits on a website as opposed to the gigantic drop-off after Feral got canned. Plus, we're just playing with ourselves anyway because the people that are gone. They're not listening to these conversations anyway. No, are they voting on a website? See? But it sure kills a good show. See? Sure. CCC. Let's see. How many votes we got? 479. I bet you're by 12. 20. Huh? I bet you're by 12. 20, which would be two hours that we had to think up there. Right. I have 500 votes. You think? Could be. If we put the big push on, over at August 1990, Joe Wilson shaken hands with Saddam Hussein for you to call what it disgrace. Anyway, why do you think Neil's audience appears to be shrinking? I hope George is listening over there with maybe he'll call in on the bat line. We can have a conversation because he's got a raise no money today. What I think? 12 to two people out for love? Sure. Anyway, why does it appear to be getting smaller and the audience too? The ratings are wrong. The audience is still there. 268. 55.8%. Not too good. Even if the people are listening, just over half think that we're still a kick and ass. He's two liberal, two anti-bore 63. The show is too noisy again. 41. Too noisy. Were we too noisy today so far? No, it was a good mix. Probably the Michael Moore thing was a little bit better. I like how much more. It was Michael Moore piece. How do I like Michael Moore too? What do you mean that was too much? It wasn't a long article. What are the Michael Jackson article was longer? Do you like the Michael Jackson one no better, sir? Who was seriously? Before I continue to read the results of the poll, I want you to stop and ask you some of this question. Yes, seriously. I will. The people who listen to for well, who are not the sports nerds who listen to the sports shows on QAM, okay? You know the people I'm talking about. Right. The people listen because he was wacky and outrageous and grotesque and off the wall and wacko. Those people. Yes. Do you really believe that those people give a crap about any of these news stories? No, anything about Iraq, about George W. Bush, about the election, about Jeff Bush, about money for a stadium in Miami, about any of these things? No. No. They just want to be, they just want to laugh. That's all they care about is laughing. Right. They're too helpful. Now also let me ask you this. Yes. You really believe that I'm going to change this show to just a four hour wacko show every day. No, you believe that. No. Not going to have to. How would you do that? I'm not going to do it. See, I mean, you know, I take these polls a lot and the audience knows this and I do whatever to hell I believe is right anyway. And I'm going to do that. I'm not going to change anything. Look, if we get a one four share with all those em, uh, make any difference to me. You say that. I mean, I mean, you care. You know, you have a certain amount of pride, but after all these years, I'm not good man. No, like I always say, what the, I have to prove let somebody else carry the load. You know, let the load carry the load. You're going to change the world. You're going to be the man to do it. Just like, yeah, right. It's like Joe said you're going to change the world. You're going to change the world. You're going to change the world. You're going to change the world. You're going to change the world. That was a shot. That was a shot right there against who. Against me. Well, is that right? That's what these people think. Oh, Niels, the only liberal voice in town. He's going to change. He's going to make a change. He's going to have an impact. Do you know what I'm saying? They want you to be this voice. I haven't got any idea, which they want you to be the voice of their, uh, you know, whatever there's put the other part of the audience doesn't want that. See, that's why this show is so different because we try to mix the two together. Right. And it's worked for a long time, okay? With Correll, there was no mix at all. It was just awesome. I'm going to do that. Please. Bye, bye, bye, bye. You know, and it was great. It was a lot of fun. I don't do that. And I'm not going to do that. Please. Bye, bye, bye, bye. Okay. Thank you. I told George to give it a shot when he feels like maybe he'll do the whole show next week. And he'll just, uh, do that. How's that? I'll be fine, I listen. I'll listen to right now. See, we don't have to do anything. Just put it on and let's look. I'm going to do that for a while. I'm going to do that for a while. I'm going to do that for a while. Not bad. Maybe we can do it between 5 and 8 in the morning. 12, 4 10. We'll see. Oh, we go through that 12 14 at 5 60. W W M. I'm going to tell you about a great place to take that automobile of yours. E F Tare not a repair. You'll find them at 583 North Pettyville Highway. Just the mile and a half North of Sample Road in prestigious Palabero Beach. At E F Tare not a repair. You can experience the difference that experience makes. In other words, they know their stuff. All E F mechanics are ASC certified technicians and they have the latest technology under their hood. And most of them with E F team for nearly 20 years. The E F team has got over 200 combined years of experience. And right now, what a great deal I got for an oil change. Stop by E F and ask them about their Neil Rogers 1295 oil change special. You heard right only 1295 for an oil change. The E F team uses only the best parts in top and line cast roll GTX motor world. You couldn't even buy the parts for this unbelevelably low price just 1295. E F Tare not a repair. They be the best to hit 53 North Federal Highway in Palabero Beach. Column at 954. 426. 9926. That's 954. 426. 9926. And when you do call, be sure to ask about their 90 days same as cash. No interest credit card. E F Tare not a repair. They're naturally recognized as one of the most successful. One of the most dependable automotive repair facilities anywhere in the entire US of A. Don't forget to ask about that 1295 new Rogers oil change special. When you call E F Tare not a repair at 954. 426.9926. 995. And you all. This is 4305. 60. You weigh 2. And. It's Friday. You best. You're the great for the spring grade 10. You can't wait. And this is Hollywood. And give me a hand. And if you say no, we're gonna drop on. And this is Hollywood. Give me a hand. Love it. If you say no, we're gonna drop on. If you're a model, you're gonna be a super-fair for Hollywood. If you're a female, you're gonna be a girl. Go and do the G.R. Don't feel late. Coming in from every single terrorist state. Cowboy and many rocky run. I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb. I'll get my beard and my long life smart. I'm going to the G.R. She I choose as to a mass pour. Get the boys ready for a Hollywood war. But I choose as to murder three. The money gives them women and children with the hero. Please, Hollywood, we don't want Hollywood. Got my long life smart. I'm going to the G.R. Rock. Been lucky night in coming out of his cave. Tell the band monkey start to rent and rape. Black male women begging in the crowd. But bodies only know ladies and loud. Let's rock. Oh, Hollywood, Hollywood, Hollywood. Put on my bloody white spot. Going to the G.R. Rock. All right. Quick, Muhammad. Don't see an end. Let's let this American truth position. Going to the G.R. Don't feel late. Coming in from every single terrorist state. In a cowboy and many rocky run. I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb. I'm going to the G.R. I'm going to the G.R. She, I choose as to how much for you. Get the boys ready for a Hollywood war. But I choose as to murder three. Come on in kids and women and children with the hero. I'm going to the G.R. I'm going to the G.R. Bring that said to the police. You're in the best line. Kill them all. Come on. Count 20. Funny Pensad on 5 fifty. 10 of pythons from manboat town. George is right. Let all the hostile people and individuals around. The Mont antivota a business. Hey George, by the way, if you want to come in Monday, fine if that's okay to out of business for closing up shop. 522 votes on air in two hours. Pull one up at about 1020. Aren't you impressed? Yeah. Oh, you're eating. No, the beast actually isn't in the room. Or it'll go. I think you went to the bathroom. I can't imagine why is he even shoving it down his posts? You never did tell us about the food that came in beast? It was great a bunch of sandwiches and luckists. A bunch of brisket? No, no, Corbyp, uh, post-traumy and turkey. Yeah, are you ate the bread? Did have a piece of bread. What up, pig? What a little disgusting. The holiday. Oh, yeah, that's a good excuse. It's a holiday. It's not a holiday till sundown asshole. God. So it was really good. Thanks to Corbyp's for bringing it now. Did Josh get a chance to have the potato pancakes? Oh, he had plenty. I indulged in quite a few. Have you ever had those before? Yes, I have. Outstanding enough to make you want to be Jewish almost and certainly circumspect. And here comes Curtis, Dolph had his share. There you go. Everybody come on and have some lunch from Corbyp's man. We had the one good thing about us even if I'm out there. We still feed the troops. 527 votes on a poll that is absolutely shocking. Why do you think the Osodians appears to be shrinking? The ratings are wrong. The audience is still there. 56.1% 296. Have no fear. We're all still here. Do we believe them? Bahu knows. He's too liberal to anti-borsh 69. I think there's something very symbolic about that. For else firing pissed off the audience 43. We're not coming back until for welcome. It's back. God damn it. Ah. I'll assure you to news you again 42. Too newsy. It's your fault you didn't warn me. Sorry. He's not a touch with South Florida 35. Right. He needs an award-drove 20. Too much more bashing 14. That's a good thing. And he's too old eight out of 527. At least the old partying working all our judges always talking to my BVM. See, we got a lot of vouchers at that place. You got Joe and Mark. That was I got a hand Joe Costello credit for that. He didn't even be to round a bush. He came right out and practically pleaded with me on the air to put in a word for them to do 8 to 10. I don't think they want to do 8 to 10 though. What do they want to do? Well, I mean, I think they'd be happy with the slot before that. They're 5-day. They're kind of hoping someone else isn't there anymore. Now, see, you're putting words in his mouth. See, that's how what he said. Although we did say he wants to be on, make some money and be on when some people. Now, that's a thought. But you know, how is that going to happen? Are they going to blow out? Mo? No. Are they going to pay him to go away? No. Is he going to go away voluntarily? No. Is he going to die? Oh. Maybe. Why not? Why? That's bad. It could be in the higher. That is so bad. Let's say. Can you imagine the party we'd have? Wow. I'm serious, because I know you're listening, baby. We'd have a party that would just make anything else that's ever happened in his new mankind, pale in the wind significantly. It'd be better than my bar mitzvah. Oh, my God. It would be like, I'm listening. Good. I hope you get the message. Okay. We all hate you like poison. There's no stick about it. See, that's why when people keep saying, oh, when you remote to my know we don't. No, we don't. It's the very least we can do to pay him back for his protest. He did do what it was like to work. Right, man. See, they only knew it was like the beat. Let me tell the audience one thing. See, you people have never encountered a person who's not going to be a person like this in your lives because there is no other person like this anywhere. This guy makes Sodom and Osama seem like the goodwill man, like Sandy Claws, like the tooth fairy. Man, I know my theories. Here's a bunch of facts of gymsas. I think you're the best. And I won't stop listening to you our worm food, but if there's a reason people are turning tuning out, it's at the top. I'll read it anyway. The top as you attack with your stick, our repetitive. I mean, that when I tune into your show, I can guarantee that I'll be hearing about you ripping one mole to Bush in the war, three sports nerds, four for else firing, five religion bashing. Getting kind of powderless is Jim. He'll listen until I quote, but he says it's getting a little ponderous. See, that may be so Jim, but the fact that I had to raise that this apparent vanishing of a part about 30, 40 percent of the audience, at least on our website, this happened right on the heels of a relegating can. And the inside word that we're getting from the experts all around Todd like Miguel and the Beast is that the audience is pissed off at QAM and they're taking it out on some of the rest of us, including me because naturally I had to be just crossover with the realm because we were back to backside by each. And you know, and you weren't sport holes. Then we were not sport holes. We didn't do specifically sports shows talking about the dolphins and more about the dolphins and about they, you know, seriously. And I don't know. He just got through saying in the facts, I'm going to talk about that. He's right. Because it's awful. It's awful. And I still think that the people I run that guy, they've placed on a sit down one day. I mean, it's one thing for them to agree with me and say, well, you know, you're right of Woody is boring. Well, why don't you do something about it? Why don't you try to spice it up a little bit? Coming in to 10, Richie from Boreshead. Yeah, exactly. Why didn't you give me his own show? Oh, yeah. Just have a chronic show. In fact, mode, that's what we should do with place. We've placed no listen. Instead of getting the absolute early his advanced age, you could do 68. Five to six, we could just have Richie from Boreshead, Mark the Jet Span, one from Little Havana, Stuttering Steve de Marlins guy, a Dave de Chronicolor, who else am I leaving out? Joy from David, Joy from David, Dennis, the professional Catholic that hates me like poison. He could just have a coat or we evolved a little a chronic see when I have to come in so early. That'd be great. It would be an improvement problem. Absolutely. 26 past noon at 5. 60 WDQM, big news. How that potty at GMC is now auto city potty at GMC of pinecres. Expect the same great deal deals that you're accustomed to and the great customer satisfaction that they've had for years and years when they were health. Right now at Auto City of Pinecres, it's an end of the year, Clurin's sale on all remaining 2003s in stock. Take advantage of zero percent financing for up to 72 months or save yourself up to nine grand would rebate and incentives. Attention audio lease customers ask Auto City of Pinecres to about their lease full of early termination program. There's even more great deal deals at the new Auto City Potty at GMC of Pinecres for limited time to sign and drive home your brand new GMC Sierra with absolutely positive new money down. It's the new Auto City Potty at GMC of Pinecres. Same great location though that you go known and love for years. 134.01.6. See how it that's you us when across the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on these special deals, call the Neil deal hotline tool free. 1. Triple 8. 5. 4. 4. 4. I'll offer sub to credit approval. See the folks at Auto City for the tails. The brand new and exciting Auto City Potty at GMC of Pinecres low prices without the high pressure. 5. The local. 6. 6. 6. The range is all yours. PUN! PUN! PUN! So the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. We found the hood. We found the hood. We found the hood. We found the hood. We found the hood. We found the hood. We found the hood. We found the hood. We found the hood. Ah! Rodriguez for out and torpedoes. What?! Oh honey! P Oh, that's what I'm gonna smell like a man. I got a beard like a check-out towel. What? Come back. Oh, don't show me now. Got a side-but-man towel. Chicken-do. 1231 airs were for Rell as he fell in your whole. And they just had one of those great move on. Orgspot's unceded and then what was his mislead? Org's bush? Yeah. And that's that website, mislead. What's the... I signed up arm move. I bring your hand up for their daily emails. Oh, right. See, there you go. He's not just a sports nerd. He's a fat sports nerd. He's a lot of free emails from sports. I'm really not a sports nerd though. They're how you're not. I'm not. I'm...I'm...I...okay. I like sports and I'd like to cancel the Yawi-Nama Homer and bat in all that stuff. Home home? But I can't take the 24-7 sports stuff. I can't do it. I'll tell you if you agree with me that the QM format is unlisted. Yeah, I was telling you before I said, If I don't want to listen to sports, what do I listen to when you're not on? And you said the Schmidt-Mister. Well, that's... No wonder, no wonder the load hang...heates you. You're listening to the Schmidt-Mister. I don't want to... He's like a poor man's rush limbo. If I don't want to hear Jimmy a Danny or Brian and Jay. Now you're right. You're going to point. What do I listen to? Because even though we have some really great personalities on here, like the Mad Dog and Joe and the Hank, the fact that a matter is that the caller is just destroyed. Because I only want to do it say the same crap day after day after day. Now, speaking of the Schmidt-Mister, yes, he's one thing about the right wingers. The rush people, now your rush was gone. He was away and we have and all the other crap pop and some pills. And he comes back and boom, I would he goes up seven tenths of a point in the one month when he comes back. The right wingers are obsessed. Talk it, that's just loyal, but they're obsessed. And so the Schmidt-Mister, anybody who perits that right wing bull crap, they get the big numbers, month in and month out. Because it's like a religion. It's like the people that watch Fox News. Airbees single day, Fox News beats CNN, of course nobody watches MSNBC, but even if you put the other two together, Fox still beats him because they've got those millions of loyal right wing assholes, those ditto heads, all spin all the time. And they want to be fed the same crap. That's what they want. It's a cool selling monster. But the train monkeys to quote, whatever you want to say. But absolutely. But unfortunately for me and the handful of other people of my political, the the the liberals are like, well, they come see come solder to busy getting laid, the smoke and some weed, whatever they're doing, they're not as dedicated to vote in. And we pay a price for that. You know, so that's why every known end. Not that I haven't done well all these years, but could have done a lot better because we have a big closet audience of people out there that would never put it down in their dining room. They listen to the show. And as far as the women audience is concerned, I don't want to ever hear again. Oh, you got so many women out here in the lower. No, we don't. No, we don't. You got like four. Yeah, we got maybe the whole year. Not third man. I mean, that ditty broad. Well, me at least two or three times already this week don't don't call here again, lady. Okay, your incoherent, you're a silly person. And oh, she's so concerned about boys in the war. Oh, man. Go back and smoke another fat one, honey, because you're just on in law, all in it. Steven, snotsdale, there are zone of facts, isn't says. Soft Floridians don't know how the good they have it with new rogers. Out here in Phoenix, Arizona, where stuck with ultra conservative talk radio dominated by the nearly famous and terminally stupid, very young followed by rush. I'll take the blue pills, please, limba and kept off with Gordon Litty. Oh, my God. And somebody keep on going. Neil, go national. We need you says Steven, snotsdale, there was on it. We're good luck to watch Steve. He need to go to another one. Or go website, somebody turn to sign to turn me on to PeaceProject.com. www.PeaceProject.com. I love it. Check out the stickers, bumper stickers. The one I like the best stop mad cowboy disease. Yeah, mad cow is one thing, but we got mad cowboy disease in Washington. Stamp it out, wind and doubt. Here's another one. It says I've been listening for about a year, show for three years. Why are you so hard on all one word? So hard on Mo is what it says. And I guess see, I'm tired of what talking about it. He's got a big heart on whatever you say. I think it's hilarious, but what gives you're probably big nips, that's no I'm so hard on Mo. Probably from Mo. He's probably squeezing his nips while listening to me talk about him. Every time I mention his name. Absolutely. Absolutely. Right this. 560560, see where Mixed & Mentioned. They get a lot of calls in Jordan, Jordan speaking to him. He probably is not even listening. Go get your newsy. No, actually they got 70 bucks. Wow. In a half an hour. Just imagine. We better do a lot better than that. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. We're not going to be a little bit too much. Right to my face. He said, oh, they don't like you anymore. Nobody shows up at these things. They don't like you no more. And sure enough in October, sports nerds had a giant month. And we do that. Fair. Not great. Not too bad. And then in November. That was the end. That was like you should. George is at Fort Lauderdale Harley from Navajo 2 o'clock. I'm fed a little high. We just have to open part Boulevard. You can win some crappy prizes. When some of that garbage that we give way and enjoy a free food from the Ladi city. He's got the best in the LCD. I mean, it's Hanukkah for crying out loud. And less than a week from Christmas. And you got the Mohawri David and Keychains for abandoned per rescue for a great cause. And we've raised only 70 bucks so far. Let's get with it. See, we got to the 50,000 plate to yesterday and now they're probably late. But, well, you know, they're okay. Yeah. They don't need our help. We just got to call. Maybe we'll get it. That one little puppy that somebody's going to abandon out there. It's going to wind up dying. That'll be their fault because they don't want to help us out. We're up to 110 now. What, there you go. And just a heartbeat. And just a matter of moments. See that? Let's see. Here's the fact that says Max Castro editorial and paid something rather than the Harold. Oh, he's being eliminated December 30th. He doesn't cater to right wing mentality. Oh, my God. He's the only good writer they got in that newspaper. His Mac Castro wants to know how Fred Grimm. Especially old Cuban right wingers. The old Harold is under brown shirt mentality. Just how you should know. Thanks very much, A trip. Max Castro's contributing your columns in the uphead pages being discontinued as of the end of the month. That's up pilot traffic. I goes to show you. See that's what I'm talking about. All right, wing all the time. All cheap channel radio stations all the time. All Fox news. All spin all the time. All propaganda all the time. And a public keeps. But we're like that. More and more brainwashed. So that's why I'm going to continue. I look at a continue. Whether you like I said, if I have a point to share what a shadow went about ratings. But somebody else. Hall that gigantic load. All that big heavy load maybe. Yeah, hall it. Humper. They're doing great in the afternoon. More power to them. 561 votes. Why do you think the old audience appears to be shrinking? We'll have over 600 by one. Aren't you impressed? I am. The ratings are wrong. The audience is still there. 319. He's two liberal to anti-bosh 71. For else firing pissed off the audience. 45. The show is too newsy again. 44. Too newsy. He's got a text with South Florida 36. He needs an award. 121. Too much mold bashing 15. And he's too old. 10. You see, even the too much mold bashings. Only got 15 votes. So in other words, they love it. They can't get enough of it. I love it. Of course. And rightfully so. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. In Verizon. Wireless line. WDQAM. I think you should have more mold bashing. You can't say you don't have enough. You need more mold bashing. Yeah, maybe not enough should have been under 2. Not enough mold bashing. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe the wrong people are getting the Diaries or something. Because everybody I know listen to you. Do they? Yeah, I mean, I've got 15 people in my office. And I walk around and they have you on a radio. Or I'm there in a net. Do they? Do they? Yes. You know, although I will say it was interesting when the power went down yesterday. And I heard you on the internet, especially the Playboy channel stuff. That was nice. That was nice. That was nice. You can do that on a radio. You get your share of shoot up and do that. We haven't. If we could do that, I was thinking about that yesterday. If we could do that. And if we didn't have these language police, we haven't any share easy. You know? You can be nobody else on the radio beside you. You can't be. Exactly. Okay, you give all your prize lines a big kiss for me. Okay. All right. How's the Playboy channel doing right now? Keep your finger close to it. Uh-oh. Another dichomy. Did you get started doing business? Actually, when I went to Miami when I was 18, I decided to go to a club called Sitz. Right. You're serious. Oh no. I used to dance for a while and I just went to Miami. I was just walking back. But I'm like, I was just morning. You know, I'm dancing. So I'm going to go to a heart-on. Actually, even though I dance to the guys. And just dancing to them when you're running. I will have orgasms. Right then and there. I'm just dancing. And I just like the fact that I like guys getting from down to me. So I decided to set my sexual thing on a bit from around them. And decided to join the dope business. She would definitely meet with your approval. She lists very much like Britain. It's been a fact long. Very, uh, re-and real boobs, by the way. Not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not. Even an old queen like me can tell the difference. 20 till 1 at 560 QM. We're putting the Playboy channel on it. So next year's format. What? What? What? We're supposed to be a 560. What? You a M? Faction station. I need this for a video, darling. I know what I stand for. I own the name. I created it. I will always own the name. Whoever and I do think that is his name. A band name. What if trying to pay to you? Is your own conclusion? His rules he gets is good. If he's not a crime to have not a tune. But all three Jesus, what a mouth she's got. Oh, oh. Trash her toys. Then I give it a squat. Oh, oh. The queen was in the house. She cannot withdraw to back. She signed the contract. There's no way. There's no right of scene. But why the hell they're supposed to need. But don't be mad at me. Well, a TV show was hot. And it was kick in a house. She even had a movie. She's not time cruise cut. In a whole grasp. Oh, but in all went away. And now it's a horrible fight. Rosie's a bitch. In the morning. And even bigger one in night. The crowd's Michael's good former friend. Rabbi Schmulli Boteach. Do you see him? No. Always slept in him up. There's a former advisor with the Yarmacana. Holyly Orthodox. Schmulli Boteach. Pretty embarrassing. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. And look at that. We're doing screenless. And there's only one call on her. See what I mean? Boy, this is a sad day for me. Three long excruciating years. And I've been down that tunnel. Back home. All I see is like a big black hole. Maybe it's screw in. 560. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless line. WCWM. Yes sir. I just wanted to wish you happy holidays. You can have no one to ask your opinion on something. Yes sir. Not at the same thing court. Don't you think that you're probably planting weapons of the best destruction right now. You're going to have two lights for that. No but I mean like down the road. I'm going to tell the right now that maybe six months down the road when they're pulled up the slide. They're going to say well who seems to be cooperating. I mean it's a possibility but I think it's much too late for that now. You know also last week you mentioned about how Congress voted not to extend unemployment benefits. And one thing a lot of people don't realize. One reason that they don't want to extend them. When people stop collecting unemployment benefits. Even if they're not working they're still they're they're considered no longer unemployed. Right. So like you know like a thousand people get sign of benefits this week. But 1200 are denied an extension. It's considered a plus 200 gain in the employment. Right now can I say all the people who are submedial jobs because they're starving to that. The most people are also no longer considered unemployed. I mean it's just amazing how the fact gets pushed the day after day. And like you may be American public just buys into it. And immediately is right there man. And it's the people in the running the media. The other ones that ought to be in prison. I mean you know the other you know you mentioned how you know I don't watch much mainstream media. But the other there was checking out a little bit of all of them. And you know you're right. I hate to say but did nothing more than shareholders. I mean it's sad. I mean it's. I think I like that they're occasionally I get to see you know the BBC and the BBC and the. And I guess I read a lot of foreign publications. I try to stay has informed as I possibly can. I got into it which is a great holiday season. And let's just hope next year of things start to change. I hope I understand you. Thanks a lot. Bye. The piece of product that with this most controversial campaign yet. This year's Holocaust on your place exhibition. The quates human suffering during the Holocaust to animal suffering as part of the meeting the Street BBC A. That's probably a little bit too stuffy for most of our crowd. Don't you think? Yeah. Maybe the CBC. Hold on. Footsteps,. Coverview or arrest him in charge in under the Justice Department's<|pl|> Caucus cause of done legislation within that 30-day period. Now politically, it would be. Hi guys. You guys. These guys are going to bed.ne her. They'd be yeah. Five six seven five sixty pound five yeah 280 you watch the news on CBC and BBC. And I know this is very boring to everybody. And then you watch the the historical American that. It's like you're talking about two different worlds different sets of news stories different sets of planets different worlds that you're on because It's a difference between day and night But everything here is hey, right? Ross this boom bomb we're cheerleading and just like even when when a girl like Dan Rather sells out makes that comment about well You know, I'm an American after all. I can't be impartial that what what is there any chance that any of these people are gonna bring us any wheel news? I would say none How's George doing out there is he doing a good? I haven't got a new update. Oh, oh 5 6 7 0 5 60 by the way live one still low work. I just mentioned that for poor George. It's gonna be working all next week line one doesn't work fix it W to Q a m W to Q a m hello W to Q a m W to Q a m let's get them all on hello. You lost your audience. Yeah, but we still got you asshole. That's a good part W to Q a m hello I'm gonna throw it. How you doing buddy? Okay? Can you play that to that puppet with the Well, you're playing it. Okay, thanks. See I can't believe What well that's your fault my fault you're supposed to remind me to play it All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire Huff Daddy Sitting in the chair. I'll call you puppy. Yo yo, man. Yo yo. Are you ready? Yeah, here's your $100 question Finish this nursery ride. All right. Pickery, Dickery blank is it a doc B pia see marina all d inlet Oh, man. Is the hundred dollars question right here? You're kidding me, right? This is a hundred dollars for $100 This ain't a million dollar question. Oh, this is the first one Only for a hundred dollars. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a life fun? Yeah, all right. What do I got what do I got? Well, we have the Asked the audience the 50 50 on the phone a friend. Asked the audience. That's only why people in here 50 50 in him and help me. Oh, you know, I'm gonna phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the hundred dollar question finishing the nursery ride. Yeah All right, who are we gonna call puppy? Oh my boy old dirty bastard old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty we calm Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you Yo Old dirty Registilbin from who wants to be a millionaire how are you? I got your friend here puff daddy go dirty. Was that? All right, all right What the oh, dirty puff daddy's got a little bit of trouble here on the hundred dollar question First question and the next voice you hear will be his he'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question He'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? Amen next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins now You're dirty finish this off for me, all right Pickering victory blank is it a Doc B Pia C marino or D Italy Come on man. I don't got much time. I know this man. I know it. I see you here P you sure 30 man. There's a lot of money man. I'm 30. All right, man. Thank you very much. All right, man Times up for old dirty said Pia You still have two lifelines left. We are on the hundred dollar question You know what we just want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a lifeline Actually, no, there's only three lifelines you've used one you have two left. No, no, no I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game and what is that? Coffee it's called shoot the host Puffy you can ask the audience. I call it shoot the home. Puffy use the 50 50 It's a puppy it's stuck it's a it's stuck my final answer's It's stuck and it's a good one you got a home in all Run you run you Sorry apologize how many times did that go call or request that I'm 30 man and I forgot all about your fault 1253 at five you're supposed to like I don't help out the dottering old fool meaning I forgot to I'm well like I said well That's coming from the fat you know especially when you're shoveling all that food down your push there from cork What are you talking about corkeys by the way I'll be back in January They could bring me brisk it a task of a test that I love a brisk it. Oh man They got the best brisk it going anywhere at corkies. They really do they brought meats one day There was so good that it was just melted in your mouth like there. I like their meat They're potato pancakes. I love but I really shouldn't be in that and you shouldn't either and you should be in the bread Why do you why do you insist? I think the bread you pig see you already want to lose anyway I mean I don't go to one to talk because I'm fat as a cow, but at least I I make some kind of a make believe You know attempt, but you don't even put on an act You just water around there shovel it down your face You I guess you have a death wish don't you know see for real had a death wish professional death wish He wanted to keep getting can he we just wanted I don't know what this thing is besides Wow, he's got a problem. He didn't like a 30 too much You don't like authority. He's a rebellious Is out of control. He he's a loose cannon and I mean the loose is diver I've seen some loose cannons, but he's as loose as a goose And you you're just you have a different kind of death wish you have an actual on I think it comes It's them sort of fact that you have these overbearing overprotective Parents who spoil you and teach you like a little child and Feed you until you practically burst and that's very sad and you know Of course you can't get laid which is very unfortunate. That's not true What do you mean it's not true when it went to last time you got laid? I don't think it's really should discuss it on the why not? Not something I'd like to discuss with the audience. I'm not asking for details I'm not asking for any intimate information names shoe size breast size penis size less than a monster size less than a month less than a month to go I'm not talking about clearance now. That doesn't count no come on talking about what they female right Actually had a piece of ass in last month. Well, that's here. Oh right. I didn't know the old fat boy had it at him So to speak That's a better sense Yeah, I bet he did No 595 votes or we can make 600 easy before one or clock. This is a pretty we won't beat the 900 from I don't know we can make a push in the last time. No, I you crazy We've got a 300 votes in an hour your dream if you would charge them if I I don't want to do that because then they then they just go on vote gratuitously this is scientific stuff The future of these next three years on the knee or round your shoulder pens on is don't you believe it? Oh I mean, I could look I could cop out. I could just say okay I'm not doing any more of this serious stuff I'm gonna put in any more bed table just put the bedtime stories on a website and all new people that care about the rest of the world You have a good time with that. I will just sit here and listen to all these John Matt all these idiots for next three years and put out a bunch of funny comedy boots and that's it in play a lot of fart sounds You know We'd still probably do just as well as we did that trend yesterday We could still do a four-year-old doing that with our eyes would blindfolded and not put any effort into it right Well, who says we are now? Come on, let's say we're gonna I spend the first thing that he's got them new stories in the inquiry I mean not like the old days what has just been hours now is wasting my time talking at a 90-year-old old parts But I spent a little time on his crap hour or two here in air and he recorps his brains out his stuff What you know we can afford to be doing all his fat folks He loses a two or three calories We're sweating over hot keyboard put in all that crap on air 36 bedtime stories They included in one I probably won't get to read about John Hinkley and the bushes maybe you know want to clock out our will read it Which I think okay Now you don't want to hear it now It's it's dynamite stuff. It's on our website The connection between a hinkley family and the bush family it is scary and That'll tell you why it said at the beginning of the show when I echo my sentiments that the bush family had a big A bunch of crooks in the history of America and they got their plans man They got another four years for a doubter for this retired and then they got eight years and so for jam So forget about him and then of course there's George P If they were straight in his little ass out George P You know to want to always drive him around to a week-leason his girlfriend's parking lot because he's uh, you know getting dumped all the time I mean, yeah, it's the bush your dynasty is basically what they got you know Britain had a King George what it'll can't we Fuck of these seven at five sixty Q a m The jals bouncing you son of a bitch little may wish was granted that I'm sure gonna miss listening to the new Rogers fair and balanced one or two Is there no Christmas in the silly middle east no trees no snow no Santa Claus They have different religious feelings They believe in move homie and not in our holiday and so every December I go to the middle east Hey there mister muslims merry fucking Christmas put down that book the car and I hear some holiday wishing Think I see who haven't noticed this Jesus is Martite so get off your heat and my plum Asn't fucking sell up right There is no holiday season in India I've heard they don't hang up their stockings and that is just absurd They never read a Christmas story. They don't know what rude off is of the house and that is why in December I'll go to India and I High-lar Mr. Hindu is married in Christmas Three-cake nog and eat some beef and pass it to the They can't do having notice this Jesus and Martite so get off your heat and him do Now I heard that in Japan everyone just live in sin They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin on December and corn. They fast all they do is eat a cake And that is why go to Japan and walk around and You turk Hi there mister Shenzawa very God is gonna take her ass who get the delicate against them They hate you haven't noticed their best. Thanks you do so let's all rejoice for Jesus Mary On Christmas day I travel around the world and say Now it's Christmas bonus all you atheist Okay, we can back to these facts is that your facts and come be ready in a bad reach Let's see I've been loyalist enough over six years when I was on the road I was new and now the only time I can hear you is when I go to lunch in the car as far as your programming I'll admit when you were with W. I would be those with the greatest 12 hours of listening on a radio Between Rick and so did you and Phil on the afternoon are you sure it was great radio? I think if the format was changed to WQM the format of WOD now we're talking great radio Oh, yeah, that's gonna happen isn't it sure not Oh, there's some people behind the scenes I guarantee you have who've been pushing very hard for that But it's not gonna happen because of Greg because Greg is a sports nerd and he survived it himself with a bunch of sports nerds like screw in and Gary Sarner and Philos and Bob Eisenberg and most of the other group balls in the building Like George always said it's not a radio station. It's a sports bar with a microphone and he is How's George doing out there it's for a lot of nail Harley on federal highway just out the open part Boulevard 150 week big time That is tragic 150 bucks in the first hour is only gonna be there to a clock My god, what is with you people I guess our audience either with their gone or they see that's a good excuse Oh, you're just talking to yourself Neil that's a reason you're not raising all my money bull crap That's bull crap. They're just cheap. They're bunch of cheap bastards. Do want to help out the event of pet rescue, which is shameful Tonica starts at sundown Christmas is a week from yesterday and they don't have 20 bucks for a best meal CD or one goes unbelievable How are they with a key change while those collectors ends after he comes in with you to be worth a lot of cash Anyway, George will be there till two at four-laterdale. Harley Go buy and get some of that free food to my me TV station suspense program after acting out with Castro This is what soft Florida's all about right here this story in the Sun Sentinel A Spanish language TV station is stop broadcasting the program of the Argentine actor Oh Because you met with Cuban president Fidel Castro last week Incredible channel official said yesterday WDLP TV To gear more friend sellers comedy show off the or until describes his stance on the cast or government station official said the program is recorded in friend Sela's native Argentina where it is still broadcast The majority of South Florida Spanish speakers are Cuban American and most of them opposed castros communist government We are supportive of Miami's Cuban American community, which has had a negative reaction to friend sellers visit the Cuba WDLP spokesman Sonya colon said friend seller was in Cuba for a Latin American film festival and met with Castro last Friday El Numevo Harold reported on swapside yesterday the Argentine embassy in Atlanta released a statement saying the meeting was We're last an apple She said station officials tried unsuccessfully to contact friend Sela who couldn't be immediately reached on Thursday Start in several Argentine movies including my dad is an idol and a day in paradise When you like to spend a day in absolutely paradise been there done that so anyway there you go Can't have that the guy and W whatever channel that is 195 Let's be getting a lace channel very sad more censorship in mind That's what's all about because we have certain repressive elements of the community who just continue keeping it a bit And a Republic south of the day brodered line. That's what it is Sad 622 votes one more nigga no chance at 900 maybe 800 I doubt it Why do you think the os audience seems to be shrinking or up to 58 percent who think it's Bullcraft the ratings are wrong. Yonjas the old air up to 58 percent never reassuring sure no He's too liberal to anti bush 74 too much bush batching bush bashing. We got a kick a kiss of boot ass. What do you say? No If we had if we had numbers like the fan use to have I'd still be on here repenbotion as and deservedly so The show is too newsy again 48 too newsy Feral's firing pissed off the audience 48 He's got a touch with south Florida 41 He needs an award robber 22 too much more bashings only got 18 they love when we bash my absolute so pick an hour and do it I just listen to his little shot of me this morning too What do you say? I Basically what they said that uh, you know Hank fired me and everyone fired me and I now I'm just sucking up to you and all the stuff Yeah, Roger, but he's finally admitted he was avoiding talking about the truth when he was a where do you good You information when he denied the fact that he can't you off that show right See always try to pay himself as Mr nice guy when in fact he's a prick and To old I mean me 10 only 10 I was just 22 so I guess I'm not too old yet that will be next year Let's see Mike one of our cryin of facts is once dear the guiding Shiite no problem Mike even was pretty fondress I like it, but we just got through playing it there. They're there, but I'll play it again. It's a holiday season, right? We don't we'd be careful kill like a minute and a half WQA Not there. I was just about to burst them a happy genuka. WQA. I'm hello Two a Two two a too slow WQA. Hello WQA 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and rise from our list line WQA and hello Yeah, yes, sir. I'm trying to reach the North Riders you're speaking to them Neil. Yes. How are you pretty good? I just One of the professors what I'm gonna say with saying that I listen to your show no matter what and I actually do agree with everything said by bush But I actually do think that you listen if you lose your audience because of the fashion you you're batching bush Let's face it all right when you're going to hear the truth So well, well, let me ask you this question, okay with a banshee bush in September Yeah, you probably were I mean you're a banshee. I mean all summer long. I haven't had said anything given about bush in the last two months That I've always said all along and I don't think that has anything to do with it I mean, you know, I put it on the pole, but I think has nothing to do with it. I've been I've been opinion on bushes been the same for many stole the election that three years ago plus But we don't want to hear that Neil and then again, I think I agree with everything you say he is a person you can bash you should bash it Right, and I will continue doing it absolutely I agree with you and you should you're the only beacon of light in this country That's what I always say I agree with you and okay, thank you. Do you good work? Thanks for the Good luck job, Halley. Have a great holiday. I love you Neil. Bye. Bye. Take care. Here you go. See you look me from head to toe. All right Squirt sport. It was an emotional experience I bet See I don't I don't buy that. I mean I put it on there because we had some reasons just like the thing about my being out of touch I sound like I'm right there in fact for all I know I am right there. I might be at the hockey game tonight They don't know Oh, if I said I was at singing my living room at home. They they wouldn't know It's because I've heard it. It sounds just like I'm right there, isn't it like you're right on my lap. Oh God what a thought I guess that cures my lunch plans Justin Timberlake says this week's the December 30th National Enquirer and Instinct band members are races. Tell you like that charges their former term manager and a 10 million dollar lawsuit What a bunch of freaks man. That's man Justin Timberlake and his former instinct bandmates are accused of being insensitive racist monsters According to shocking court paper shocking Oh my god The bands former term manager ebra him in Duarte what kind of a name is that? ebra him Duarte filed a $10 million lawsuit November 25th and New York Supreme Court saying he was fired without warning in 2000 after suffering a constant parage of racial remarks incidents and humiliation In one fiery confrontation tickerbell now a successful solar-wardist exhibit of astounding racial and sensitivity according to the complaint The singer according to Mr. Duarte said you niggas ain't Schmidt Duarte's attorney Douglas Wigdor told the inquire just in Timberlake use the end word to Mr. Duarte frequently The inquire obtained a court paper charging that Duarte worked stretches of 8-12 Street weeks without taking a day off but despite his dedication to his job and immeasurable contribution to this successfully Mediocard band it was subjected to a pervasive pattern of his criminal tour treatment based on his race and or color once the band attained popularity in a shocking accusation shocking oh my god the documents assert Mister Duarte was treated like a second class citizen of a subjected to racially offensive comments and treatment by the members of the band ready for that okay you can read more in the inquire also read about Michael Jackson that we were the father of the kids as if we didn't really already know that and is that we don't already know that he's guilty as hell and that Larry King put on a shield job last night Larry ought to be ashamed of yourself man what a disgrace a disgrace to the human freak remains a whole 60 minutes sick on the day that they actually follow charges and what to see the best thing put on there he puts on mark here goes in german jax i've been doing this long time and that said you're also the guy gave us ross pro you know check ass looker scumbag give her pay anybody back no never pay back a dime made millions and millions and millions and millions and all of you i'm out of due touch yeah what when you're going to start sted a toss in the cream puffs i do like cream puffs though don't you all they're spectacular man two things i love i love talking to the clears all of my favorite but and i haven't had a real a real cream puff in in a very long time i can't remember last time i had one where do you get cream puffs oh seriously i know what kind of a bakery makes cream puffs i'm other used to make it all i can but the other way norm call my mother you idiot that norma can't man she is as useless as teach on a god damn friday but uh i have an cream puffs in years and we should be talking about things like that i love what's that and doris market they have chocolate canoly ooh i love canoly's um like from mice pastries in the north end and boss oh i don't as market they got a chocolate covered canoly that is so unbelievably good that's good make your that's good make your anger and dance huh good for you right no no car but not right yeah good for what else yes they say it'll help what else yeah 114 now speaking of that what a great time to talk about the lights of west bokeh what a segue my god if you're a fan thing like me and a beast if all you think about is food and food and food and mind your mind here's a place where to got a lot of great food but at least it's good for you it's not low with all of them calories and carbs the lights of west bokeh is strictly for you people who are looking to lose weight on the atkins rather low carb diets please don't do that the saw that saw beach diet did you tell me your father's owned by parents of both oh yeah oh they're all cut up and they call me every day oh it's not a half a pound in the book is so great and it's such as sad rip off of the atkins man it's weak anyway no matter which one you run it's pick your own poison the lights has got over a thousand low carb products in stock and this one great store breads and bagels cheesecake's brownies muffins chocolates pasta and sauces they're pasta sauces by the way fantastic chips and dips whoops ketchup that exciting carbolite ice cream next time you want ice cream beast that's the one to get carbolite not that other one you left in the bowl champion like drinks and five delicious flavors they're back walnut brownies back in toolcarb flanks o meal granola judies look car peanut brittle champion like drinks i just got through saying that simply low carb bread with stevia uniquely delicious taste and lanuba jams in seven gourmet flavors for you to jam on it and of course one of the great things in the lights is if you're not really sure if you're gonna like any of the stuff in the store you can try before you die uh buy it and before you die throw up in every day seven days a week from ten to ten the atkins bread products are on sale all day every day even on circus at the lights you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazing for forty one right next to Boston market or column tool free one eight seven seven low carb hello wc rb on a web find them at low carb dot com the lights of us bokeh your official atkins retail center excuse me a steam father what is it my child we have something i must tell you what is it my daughter oh father i'm afraid to tell you afraid to tell me your own father i fear i will be ashamed upon our family nonsense i am your father i love you very much you must tell me what is wrong you promise you was to love me of course my sweet child a father's love is not erased by a simple misguide very well i am i am pregnant oh i see do you still love me father of course i do but since you're pregnant and not married yes father i'm afraid i must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors are stoned you today because my daughter is written that this is the punishment for what you have done could you check again father oh you're not the only grounded you're not the only good what i must have used gold it's the first step i focus is on a fundamental is a middle eastern tent i speak with you might have seen dust but what is it my wife oh i have something to tell you in this ring i am having an affair right out to the backyard you collect some stone what you mean yes i must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stone today you'll be there for a long time for the magnet they deal with the many problems that like them oh may i speak with you my skin father this my son who has not used illegal drugs well when do you know you are one lucky boy who is that father you are going to get stoned two nights in a row you are guiding she the guiding she i just saw an location in fact you're a what's money at five six years a great fact you just see me from c-rion that is all i say money uh i saw that who lives on sanctuary apidoo uh east in Toronto says your mister rogers i like to take this opportunity to express my admiration for you and your show up in an ababilist year for five years and while i no longer live in south florida log on daily to your website listen via the web i show an algus political use in a similar set of an on-disc function in south florida after listening to describe the quality of life on in Toronto i decided to visit return numerous times three years later i made the season removed myself from the oppressive heat instability in alarming crime statistics and relocate to t-o i couldn't be happy with my decision all right i'd welcome an opportunity to be up with you here in Toronto i have great respect for your longevity on the away's inventory in news and mindset being partnered to a leaf span i look forward your daily comments on Toronto's hockey obsession a leaf steve for example now let's get back to leaf's lunch bill water's jepmery here you go we're obsessed least on i'd against uh the camps are thank you camps league weekend leave the last 12 games twenty three of a possible twenty four points they're in first place in uh no they're not fully got a point they lost last night over time the tanker at least are kicking ass anyway thank you very much a that makes me feel good than actually somebody you're listening to me and they're having a wonderful life that i that's a positive thing say it's a positive stroke u.s. coordinates is net music uh subpoenas and this before but i should like read this it's short for all those people want to do illegal stuff over the weekend in a surprise set back for the recording industry a u.s. appeal score said today it's methods for tracking down those who copy its music over the event are not authorized by law all right the recording industry association of america take trade group has sought to force Verizon communications and other internet service providers to reveal the names of customers it's a specs may be copying music without permission the recording industry says the widespread copying of music over the internet is partly to blame for falling cd sales for rising argue that existing copyright law does not give the recording industry such authority and its customers' privacy was being violated lower court earlier this year of held recording industry tactics which have served as the basis for hundreds of loss with filed against individual internet users but an a strongly worded ruling the appeals court cited with Verizon saying an nineteen ninety eight copyright law does not give copyright holders the ability to subpoena customer names from internet providers without filing a formal lawsuit in some way agree with Verizon that the law does not buy its terms authorized these opinions issued here cheap judge Douglas Ginsburg wrote you to Verizon or the RIA was immediately available or commented here you go that's good news for all you pirates out there i'm really tempted to be the sharebot hinkley and the bush family but a better not go on to newsy to newsy that's not too bad uh... i'd like to see him get to five hundred by two o'clock that would make me feel like he accomplish something out there beside just sit and making a few extra bucks to in the uh-huh on his vacation or less on his vacation i mean here's a guy comes out on his vacation is got uh... that family to take care of his got all the christmas shop and it which is probably why they're eating the cash. And he takes off to go out there and meet and greet all of you are clowns out there, and 250 bucks is pretty weak. We can do a hell of a lot there than that. George Rodriguez right now is at 4-Laterdale Harley on Federal Disciple of Oakland Park Boulevard, Free Food and Relatization subs. Stop by fast, get the sandwiches from the Assout to Man. And then speaking of Assout to Man he'll be tomorrow at the place where they really like his sandwiches. They have no idea who he is. How do you think that's sticking? And it's true they haven't got any clue who he is or anything about QAM. I'll speak it in glaze. I.E. 11 to 1 at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings, Northwest 36, the street just was to 27, and I would marry to marry 11 to 1 George will be there. Stop by to win prizes again. Free Food from Atlantic City subs where our definitely makes the difference. And you can stop by and see George and say, hey, here's a bunch of money for those animals. And by the way, we're really delighted you're going to be on all night's week in that the old man will be off on vacation. I'm delighted. I'm ecstatic. Are we going to make it to 700 least on this thing? Oh yeah. Look at what we got on there. Beasts. Oh. Oh no. Oh no. That's an oven. Absolutely. Holy crap. We've got 66. Oh no. I can't believe that. And both of them both are scaring. Oh no. 66. Better refresh it one more time out of the closet. The Antichrist. And I take least of. We told you come on this deadline at the police. Oh, man. Too many Morris greasy asses and stuff. Or that's a problem. We need a people transplant. What? You know that's true. Oh. 667. Oh, thank the Lord. We got off at that number. Man. That was the nasty number. Six. I got 668. See. How many of you weigh them? Hello. Yeah sir. How's it going? Want to speak to me? Speaking. Oh, and you know how to provide you for an opportunity. So I've got ideas for the bus ratings. Number one. Tell us a lot more stories about how much you'll ask for more. Yeah. And then number two. He talked to Greg. So he got a reunite on you and so hungry. Maybe you know put them on later on by a nighter. Take them away from WDA. No. We don't put right wingers on here on the station. 567 only the sports guys. 567.0. 568. Are you sure? Sure. 5. 568 on the AT&T. See, there's a guy. He means well. He's living in the past. He's a guy. The fact that if you can just recreate WIOD, you'll be okay. Yeah. He the guys right. It was great. We had a lot of fun. We had a great lineup. Cox broadcasting at no idea what they had or how to market or sell it. They, you know, clues. There. There were a lot better off of what they're doing. I was just put on a bunch of slush putting on the, you know. They don't like the hassles. You know, I mean, I'll grant that. They didn't, they let us know. They don't want to be hassled with complaints. And with the whole AM radio thing. What they really wanted was just putting on a bunch of jupboxes. You know, they got the jams now. They bought and hot 105 and the coast where they play a bunch of slush. And that's what they like. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Yeah. I've heard plenty about you by the way. Red nose. Yeah. If Rudolph gets a sick and Christmas day, I tell set of the Disney's available. 126 at 560 QAN. My life and look all this is for 305. It's for 305. It's for 205. We're doing it. Yeah. In Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Danny. 303. 303. 303. 303. 303. 303. 303. 303. 303. Jimmy and Danny. 303. 303. 303. Jimmy and Danny. 303. 303. We have a mobile from Miramar. Hello. I can hear me all day. I got a question. Alright. Jimmy and Danny's situation. I had Jimmy and Danny. 303. 303. Jimmy can be a bounty farmers. Jimmy and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show, Jimmy and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show! Jimmy and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny Show, Jimmy and Danny show, Jimmy seems like like like do you know. Jimmy and Danny show, Jimmy and Danny show, Jimmy and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show, Jimmy and Danny show Shubby and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show, Jimmy god, Nick and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show, Jimmy xD ... Janet and Danny show. Jimmy and Danny show. The More about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley along the potnins wherever you Potten comes with its own frigid air 132 at 560 you know I was thinking because mufflers are limiting the fact that the fall rating book It's you in general turns out to be Craft the one week one out of the four rating periods room here and you see the policy is well It's the dolphin book its football you know and then that's a policy because first of all it often games are on TV Almost embarrassingly the opening am I wrong or am I just you know Got a good memory the opening game against Houston was almost blacked out Wasn't it oh yeah, I think the one of the way right time to say wire right out of the line I had to like buy out those nice to go void of blackout and then of course they've lost the game, but anyway When I should have been another choice on a point because he's a patriot's fan and a maple leaf and well too bad But at any rate the games are on TV number one and number two the broadcasts with the the moment All right are on the power they're on FM which of course has a much better signal and Anybody who'd be listening would be listening on power if they got an FM radio But so the so the days of the dolphin broadcast being a big impact or nothing But the fact is that during dolphin season That's this why played Jimmy and Danny. That's already here about that's all the station talks about Then you that that I said here you had almost the whole Joe Roe show on you know while I was sitting here this morning Right and I didn't hear any other than the comments about you would be an asshole by the way you redeem yourself today Be good job. I try to learn my lesson right to the week pretty Disappointing today redeem yourself. It was okay not not spectacular, but big improvement. I'll make but anyway You see what I'm saying about the dolphin stuff. It's ponderous Well, because let's look at even the sports nerds What percentage especially in a transient area like South Florida where you have fans of so many different teams like us for example But what percentage of the fans you think are dolphin fan? I'd say like about 70 right right 70 percent but even those people can probably handle only so much because every year It's the same thing when gnashing of teeth and is it Jimmy or Danny or J or Brian or J and one day of day And it's just impossible. It's bad radio But the misconception is that every single dolphin's fan every person ever to the dolphin's listens to the station Of course not which is not true in an addition of which if you'll be called the New Organs that Jimmy and Danny thing It took yours truly mr. Antio sports talk I was the one that embarrassed the station and to finally tell her all of the guys on a hey listen That's just getting too much cut it out and one in doubt just the stop those calls remember that? Yep, yeah, I mean didn't take a rocket scientist figure out that's all they were talking about Because the dolphin fans unfortunately I want to understand that brains are running from years and years of frustration now But that's all you know to talk about oh, what was us? Well, was us and helping us happen again and are we cursed out here Jimmo and all this other crap, you know, it's it's a pond risk man Now the crisis for Roy I must forget about this What's our eating quiver Vegas legend bro horn plunge doing doing new medical nightmare when doctors discovered his vocal cords were paralyzed And his voice could be gone forever That's the latest crisis to be set to beloved sick-free and Stars since the October 3rd Tiger Attack the left-of-fame illusionist on the brick of death and by the way that thing will stay on our website for a long time I like it By the way, we have a gentleman here who's buying some best of cities. Thank you. I'm Pally have a great holiday And a make-matter's worstie in Quivers learned that his beloved partner sigphree his beloved partner Recently had to want to go emergency urinary tracks here. Do we have the same time that boy? Was we cooperating for an operation replace a piece of his skull. Oh, man. This The inquire has also learned that Roy underwent a tricky out of me in the midst of his battle for his life These guys have been to Helen back. It's one crisis after another a source close to the inquire Roy both an infection after undergoing a tricky out of me while making attempts to resolve that problem Specialist discovered that Local cords were paralyzed. Dr. Sturd he might never talk again and it goes on His latest crisis comes on top of the delicate six hour surgery underwent a number five through place a piece of his skull It had been rolled early to really pressure on his brain How do you like that? No, I don't see there's the latest news about it. Hey two promising. It's not good 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT and C in Verizon wireless line. Don't forget you on market They do a really good thing here for you and are doing it right now. They're a cafe Guana That we're fine southwest corner pines and university They'll be there until seven o'clock tonight to benefit Joe to measure children's hospital They're looking for you to bring by new unwrapped toys for the kids It's a German as your children's hospital like I said before just because we hated Joe D like poison And he was a real asshole doesn't mean we don't want to help out those kids So help them out and also don't forget George who's got about a thousand dollars already. He does I just made that up to try like inspire people to jump on the bandway. He doesn't And we haven't heard 250 still too pretty. Oh, why he called back and said still 250 is that like you're No, no, that was the last report just relax. I don't know. Don't sign all the pressures getting to it is a lot of pressure here PR Ralph says Let's see and means I'll listen to the next few years and then what well, what does he mean by that? This is George is good buddy. That put George. I'm okay Sorry, oh, now that was bad that last that was really bad That was the worst thing I've ever heard you do to it. We're you know You can just in that one laugh you could read into a million words in there What I love George and I listen to you on but I just don't think that I just I mean Who am I to say but I have a feeling that I don't know look good yeah But anyway PR Ralph says he's listening to me for the last 15 years We'll get back to that George business because that was bad. Sorry I have some ideas about that. What about the Neil Rogers show featuring George Rodriguez and I make like some You know appearances here and there when they least expected you know, and we talked about that before the show It was like when Johnny was on and then Jay would be on all the time or Joe Rivers and then what's it a while Johnny would be in there and Right, he'd love it But then could still call up the Neil Rogers show or see and they could because all they care about is the money anyway from the advertisers They can fake their way through and it would probably take at least a year before or any but because I take so much vacation time anyway Before people realized it was a big scam anyway, and that wasn't there at all. It's like how it's like the Howard David show when the go these there have to time Because Howard yeah, well, jelly wasn't there this morning and boy it was pretty grim a song. It sounded like he was doing a show on a can sound like he was in the toilet. You know I mean, I'd like that that Closity sound echoey. Yeah, like he was in a broom closet Anyway, he says have a happy already. I see What is that always birthdays December 27? Hey listen PR Ralph George would be more than happy to wish you happy birthday But I'll do it anyway Also, what is it with Joe Kimba mad dog playing Tom Jones the village people after the breaks? It's the sounds like a gay club. Well, maybe it is a gay club. They all used to take showers together Yeah, that's the one thing we're a little bit too are concerned about that music the read you at music all it does to me is just wasted a lot of time I'm not big on that and it says one final buffalo bills fights on Now why would PR Ralph be saying that see a buffalo bill for I don't know I'm not gonna play the whole thing because that would be rubbin and then you know Yeah, I see what you mean, okay, that's where you appear. I'll have a great holiday 567.0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line WQAM hello QAM Yes, sir. Hey, you know, how's it going pretty good? I think we didn't write things if it's for Roy She's for us to celebrate maybe they could be the next 10 in solid could be so kind think about Thanks ever great. That's bad. That was almost as bad as you laugh at a George that was terrible But it wasn't just the fact that you left but the way you laughed I mean just like totally uncontrolled as if that was that was the most ridiculous It's statement that you ever heard in your life. It just came out You just blurred it out. Yeah, I know that's what happened. I've had all that ice cream in the United States Don't remind when in doubt it just came out Of the queen of so-flard and you Roger should be in book and impalus, but we'll keep him here Oh This sounds like planning on rubbing it in me All right Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team that's literally a front the ball from goal we go like no one's ever seen They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay there never in control and When you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number only teams and we Good man. Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them. You always They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches Auto tell them to put their chocolate and they would wish faster and even in defeat When we go to the stadium We'll see Miami and they're the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number only teams and we three two Miami dolphins Miami dolphins That's in that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fence just 50,000 as well Sitting in the stands here. They watched the game and all they do is mowing right Ben bitch. I wonder how Joe Robbie got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams and we got to tell Miami dolphins Miami dolphins I hear the crowd begin to boo The dolphins have faith-feet learned that quarter facet tube Run down the field and he will go up past over you I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was Circumsties and they're the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many teams and we two Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Chacols his signals and he brews The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at joke Like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race With fewer points than podcasts on high singers ugly facing there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number All what the hell 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins now they're free 147 at 560 this stand that said the fact shit about that song I do something with that guy, you know Instead of leaving him hang you need like to get a copy of it Huh okay, same that thanks for George maybe George can make you a few bucks They come and tape it or how do you like this a freedom power they're gonna build on the World Trade Center site 1776 feet better be the tallest building in the world. I don't like it Why not because it impresses me call me Old buddy, buddy, but it impresses me is being like kind of invitation like hey, let's see if you guys can do it again, you know They wouldn't try it again Right Come on they learned once have a day right they learned to listen 711 yeah, well, we won't do is we'll go over throw some dictator like maybe in France We'll throw with your Jacques Giracches to you know Teach them to give us that statue of liberty. Sounds good to me 711 votes although they do have great pastries They have cream puffs over there. No, I was just thinking that there in Amsterdam There is a bakery on the damrack on a main tourist drag. Yeah, it's a French bakery a man in the morning On a weekday when the people are going to work they line up there for the croissants they line up like a block And I just I never look at those places good I'd dance it look oh I look it's just like the enemy I don't know if it's in South Miami. There's a great French bakery that has all that sort of stuff Again the morning oh 711 votes what do you think why do you think the oldest audience appears to be shrinking the ratings are wrong Your audiences still there 401 confident people out there 57.2% He's too liberal to anti bush 87 The show is too newsy again too newsy man. It's your fault. You should have kept warning me. Don't read that stuff too newsy yeah, 60 Too newsy for else firing pissed off the honest 50s. We now see they it's really hard to tell because that might actually be the definitive reason But the forl people that are pissed off. They're all gone anyway. See they're pounding now Because they must no they are they're pounding it must be my fault. He got canned which of course is a piece of crap lie or I didn't get him his job back which I had no way of doing or something you know, so so let's get me pissed off a kneel to Tell your fault right sure So 53 said that he got canned and therefore other pissed off He's out in touch with South Florida 45 he needs an award road 24 too much mold bashing only 22 and he's Only 10 too much more bashing only 22 so it's way down there near the bottom of list so anything I'll say like to say about mulberry for the weekends Huh He said you hate him like poison Huh I mean, I just what there's too much to say But you never did actually tell us used to come in and say oh if you only knew if you only knew all the stuff He used to say about me and Jordan I realize a lot of it. Oh my god John I mean Ashlyn just does complete I mean The stuff the the most ignorant stuff that I never thought anyone would ever say can you give us a little No, you you have a little bit that away talks about the you know What the pipe smoke yeah all that stuff yeah, I mean if you I came the Trust me, I can't say it. I cannot say it on there just the stuff that he would say I would I I just just say it Exactly and grief I just be like do people really think like this like to someone actually believe this Believe what like that what he just something come out of his mouth such is one give us one exam I can't even like be in up a little bit you some bleeps in there I'll even to help you out. I'll throw one Give us an example the just the you know having to do with your orifice and what could be in there and Yeah, yeah and You know in what end of this and that and it's another what you're saying is you know Sets with my ass is what you're saying oh not Yeah, I'm obsessed. I'm delighted to hear it. Mom Peace of crap 151 at 560 Why do you Tonight on ABC experience Christmas the NYDD blue way But naked and wrong Sylvia I'm f***ing home Whoops you make it and I'm so f***ing glad to see you. I have a f***ing surprise of course You f***ing naked not that it's all this oh you got me a f***ing Christmas present. That's so f***ing sweet Thank you, sh*** at whole big ass Poor bag and f***ing suckin motherf***ing poopo head my pleasure. Hey, let's f*** I better remove my holster. It's Rajee Thun for everyone and white dd blue the Christmas special tonight right after Luther Campbell's Christmas Carol on ABC 155 at 560 WC coming up Curtis Stevenson sitting by he'll be on for a mad dog today. We got the loathe for Hank the loathe Gilbert and then you got the Dave wants that show between 5 and 6 could be like I said a collector's item tape it Why you why you don't sound like you're laughing you sound like you have infosimina Like that good it was a video one more. What they I mean they have a game next week Like I said it's getting close to the end Dave then you got your pants or previous being a close to the end at 7 Dallas Dallas starts at 7 30 at the panters at the McCarina Followed by any the K for a gambling degenerate out there speak it over you want to bet on that new stadium or not Wow City of Miami yesterday they voted To they're not gonna commit any money of their own because they don't have any their bank repellent I'm but they're gonna ask the day County commissioners to seek a half-body sales tax to raise 125 minute to build that ballpark for the Marlins butt But The Marlins estimate the cost of the project for you in $25 million a summing money doughnates land and they say no We're not gonna donate the land so that would make it 450 minute now we're talking about a half a billion dollar project And what they want to do is put this on a March 9th referendum in Dave County Let and see if the people are stupid I mean if they're that gung-ho enough to say hey Let's build the Marlins a great stadium and then they will come We'll see well take no Not unless there you are gigantic winner again They might just have to send punch pack and by the way, Pudge we hate your life poison. I hope they you're uh, your As falls off and Baltimore, okay you jackass I hear all same Peters brew time a poll of voters statewide this month out overwhelming opposition using any state tax money for the stadium With 80% against and 15% in favor the poll didn't break down a results by county but found that they saw Florida region 71% against using state tax money and 23% in favor you got those numbers 71 against 23 in favor Okay, that's in South Florida in general. Maybe the people in Dave wanted bad and the stadium too you think I'm gonna think so we'll see Marston I do it do whatever whatever turns you on man I live in Broward ain't gonna cost me a dime and I'll get my tickets for free five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon else get in a whole bunch of calls before we have to call it Fini do to the hand before we wrap it all up W to Q a M yeah I do a nail thing pretty good my call my name is Lance and I'm a photographer You get a chance to see the ever Jones sure and remember Jones Reverend Jones again yeah, good morning. You a him. Hello Hey, why didn't you tell that guy that wants the dolphin song that is on the CD and one of the stuff in a cheap game gone by one I didn't even realize I forgot it was on the CD it certainly is I got in my hand right now in the team and you're right and Seeing a KJ has daughters and kindergarten now in a play is not hearing around like a prop anymore The way something you mentioned that George W Bush had the mentality that kindergarten or law Have you know my kindergarten or 100 times smarter than George and I believe it ever great holidays We'd our thank you Okay, but I think we'll see another bet bigger part big update were at 7 10 get out of town 7 10 W GBS how's Ken Maldon doing? Can they're today? Should be I don't know I think I heard you sick Have you heard Did I ask a bad question what I'm going to have vacation tomorrow? I don't want to have to wait They give you me like with a flu or something or yeah, oh Jesus, no, no, yeah, like a cold. Oh, well don't give me all scared like no, no, no, no, no, no How else old farts are anyway dolphins are cut number 23 that so for the guy that called for a stand Just give one of those best in the early order right off the website or you can go out and see George tomorrow If there were he's gonna be 7 10 is not bad nice going George Do any George tomorrow 11 to one at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings during the sandwich of man At Northwest 36 we just was the 27th I would have stopped by the win prizes free food from the electric city So and get our best in the merchandise for abandoned per rescue have a great Khanica and Merry Christmas great job Josh and the beast this week especially day to be really we do new self. I try almost What an embarrassment what an embarrassment what an embarrassment