Oh my god, it's a severed head! Yes, severed head, the new fab that sweeping an Asian! Everyone who's anyone has got a severed head, and if you think it's not for you, then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual matter sent to us by a satisfied severed head customer. Okay, that makes $623 for all your Halloween candy. Well, $623 is not a lot for a bag of candy. Well, it's our finest mixture. You can get the caramel corn balls, the tapioca sugar daddies, and the juice filled wax bumpkins. Well, I guess it is a good deal. Except for the severed head of the middle of the Zagnod Bar, sweet but cheese! I'm so sorry, please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free! You'd better. Yes, a severed head is your ticket to thousands of discounts and freebies worldwide, so pick up yours today, and remember if it's not dead, it's not severed head. Please, please direct that a German man on suspicion of murdering his sister-in-law. Yesterday, after he was spotted carrying her severed head through the streets of a town near the Dutch border in Achein, Germany. Ache, do leave her. Please receive several calls after patches by saw the 24-year-old walking with a blood-soaked knife, and the head under his arm. The head under his arm in the town of Ubach, Polymer, near Achein, public prosecutor Robert Deloset. After arresting him, police discovered the depapidated course of his 25-year-old sister-in-law in the man's apartment. He said she really had a good head on his shoulders. Diver said the motive wasn't clear, it's also not known why the man was walking to town with the head. Maybe he was just looking for a good head. You think? Was it good? Crispy cream is good. I've said that they brought a whole bunch of donuts, and it's a good thing that I'm here and not there. Thanks to our good friends at Crispy Cream. And the guy that brought him, our dark-complexed friend, was worried that I wasn't going to say nice things about them. You must be dreaming, Mr. Heighted. You better get your ass on straight. Because I love Crispy Cream. They're in nothing. And you know something we missed out on, well we had food on the podium. Right, another two. They did a good old night treat. But that should have had its own category. In fact, you know, that's another great poll idea. What food are you most addicted to? And then we can have like specific things like this. Because I think we did that once before, but just too general. I think we might have done favorite food, but not necessarily addictive. Right, that's right. Crispy cream donuts. Yeah. And can't eat only two. And George proved at this morning how many of the eating, peanut boy? I ate three. Like three. He even is honest enough to him if he ate three. David Woodley's dead were very upset about that. Hoop. Come on. I know, don't bite it by David Woodley. Took him to the Super Bowl in that figure when Jimmy Siffleus was on the team. Lost to the Eored skins out here. Wasn't it the Rez skins? That's right. I remember John Riggins scoring a touchdown. He just couldn't bring him down with a goddamn tractor. That was a shame. That's when I was really up big enthusiastic dolphin fan. That's when it was fun to go to the games. It was just a hoot. David Woodley, good looking guy, too back in those days, even the story in the Herald points that out. He was very popular because of his good looks and athletic ability. And his low key personality. He just didn't want to. And it quotes Joe Rose all throughout the article two in the Herald one. Sun Sentinel doesn't mention Joe Rose. I just thought I would mention it. David Woodley only 44 had a successful liver transplant at 1992. That's 11 years ago. In fact, the article points out that he was near death before the liver transplant. So maybe even though he dotted only 44, maybe he was able to steal another 11 years. See what I'm saying? I get it. He needed a new liver at 33. Right. Well, you know, he liked to live in a fast lane according to the article. Wow. He's what it said. But anyway, 44 is too young to buy a guarantee of that right and freaking out. So that's a very bad news. David Woodley's dead, which I can't believe. Also, some bad news from yesterday, somebody that ought to bring David Woodley back and swap this punk that called the show yesterday with that phony baloney story about all the brow iconic recklessly. The brow iconic commission is voted to put an official protest against Patriot Act 2. Baba Baba and don't you think the commission is there? Well, yeah, the commission's wood is there. Kudos if they did it. The only problem is they didn't. Who's just not a made up phony baloney story. So the message being anything that the caller is calling in tell you, discard 90% of it and the other 10% flushed on the toilet. Okay, then you'll be safe. Remember that kid? Oh, yeah. How the brow commission did this to me up? Well, that's what happens when somebody slices off your penis. You start hallucinating. Oh, speaking of that. So getting back to our movies, they got so much stuff going on, which is a good thing. That lot of stuff going on because our phone don't work. Yeah. Nice going, Corso. See, he's so worried about the getting gas masks and stocking up with all kinds of vise queen and duct tape to seal the doors for when I come back to town. So we don't kid stars. Well, they had before getting meal. So I think what struck us most is just how sick people were. See, there you go. That's a more great deal. I'm very important. That's a more great technical news, too. What's that? For some reason, not only did they lock out that server with that new firewall, but they lock me out too. So my laptop can't get on the internet either. So apparently the port that I'm connected to is also locked out. See, and then haven't I always told you every single time that my phone situation here is screwed up, the internet thing is because it's all back to an engineering. Right. Nice going, Corso. You idiot. We didn't want fat Julio there. He used to do a good job. He'd be around. He would already have this fixed before the show. But oh, no. We can't afford to have him because he actually does stuff. So we've got Mr. Perringoya. The Corso mice didn't air. And we got everybody all screwed up. So the bedtime story is if they get on it all, we'll be on late, which is a shame, because we got a whole bunch of them today. I'd say we got a third man post to it. So we got all kinds of technical diffugalies here at QA in today. It's a dang good thing it's Wednesday also. Because we go to safety of that noon to one hour. The comedy bits are on Wednesday. Back the Lord. Thank you. Good for that. How does this go on? You know how it goes on because it's a slipshot organization. That's why. The program, the excuse me clearance, the operations manager. He's only worried that he's going on vacation next week. And he feels great. He's been through all these. Yeah. I hate to say this to you, Duff. You're a good guy, you're a friend, but you know, you reach a point where I'm terribly heard about your hypo conduit. You know what I'm saying? This is a place of business. But in his case, it's a place of monkey business, which is why Beenerboy had that big lump on his neck for a couple of weeks. Now seriously, I mean too much monkey business and not enough real business. That's the problem at QAM. What happened to him Mark Morgan? I don't hear him on anymore in the morning. Did I say a lot? I hope he's on vacation. Let's be QAM. Hey, just, oh, makes my insides just Virgo. I get Virgoing sounds when I hear that voice. Mark Morgan. Anyway, so the movies that you listed yesterday, I had that big list. Yeah. Which I have no idea where they are now. But I got them all. Every single one of them. Excellent. I spent 200 bucks yesterday on DVDs. So at least I'm helping the economy here. While some of you assholes out there try to destroy by spreading all these stars his stereo. Let me just say this to you. Okay, if you're not in EAsia, the odds that you're going to get stars are one in a trillion. Did you see the guy I'm sure you probably didn't? I told you not last night, but the night before. Which would have been Monday night. We had bad thunderstorms here overnight. Guy gets hit by lightning for the second time and five years. No, I didn't see that. Yeah, right up the road here at Tobico, which is the summer north of Toronto. What a lucky guy. Is he dead? He got hit by lightning in 98. He survived it. And I guess if I're lighting again, I don't know whether he's still alive or not. He was a critical condition. Yeah. He should play a lot of it. He should arrive. Be in a wrong place at the wrong time, I guess. You've hit by lightning twice in five years. This is the, and they call him lucky. Yeah. Pie was a good movie. Pie was the first, they're an aeronautic movie before Reckley and for a dream. Wasn't as good as Reckley and for a dream. It's all in black and white, but it's got that same frantic approach to the whole, the photography just making you like dizzy. Everything is spinning and we go from one character to another one. And it just speeds up and it's sick. You know, as opposed to some Orthodox Jews in there, what George would appreciate, all right. Look, you're from our childhood. And they have a scene where the one Northodox Jew has got a brings him into the shawl and he's wrapping the to fill in around his arm. Which I thought they were going to do a minute at that point, but they didn't because they wanted that code. They wanted the numbers, the 216 numbers. Very strange movie, but it was pretty good. And then, I want to personally thank. He can't call in right now and doesn't have to, but hope he's listening. Who over the call was this, he just is happiness. A Todd Salon's film, that's the, oh, oh, and these these strange names. Todd Salon's is the director. Happiness. He's also director of welcome to the Del House, which I never saw. This is the most bizarre, the most hysterical and the ending. If you don't, if you don't pee your pants at the ending of this movie, then you never will. You know that so you will laugh, so hard, you'll drop several loads. I mean, all sorts of substances into your pantaloonies at the end of this movie, the last scene. Funny, I mean, it's got a way to talk funny. Oh, much more than that. All right. No, although there is a dog involved, it's funny should mention that. But that's all I'm going to say, because I don't want to spoil it for. Okay. But in the movie, in fact, there's some pretty interesting people in this movie, Ben Desares in there. Philipsy Moore Hoffman, who come to find out is a great actor. He usually plays, I mean, he was just a sad sack. He was pathetic in this movie. He was like a heavy breather on the phone who couldn't get laid. In fact, most of the people in this movie couldn't get laid. They were just a slightly dysfunctional man. We, it's what you're talking about. Three sisters and their boyfriends and ex-husbands and children and the one pedophile and his son and the, oh, brother. Hey, not everyone to do technical things on the air. Well, sure we do. Check your dots. There's no dots, but I will say this. A while, there's only one way. One moment, please. See, I have to get rid of that and then click a social producer again and see if I come. I can't back with no dots. I, oh, there's a dots. Okay. Let's hear it. But of course, oh, myster, how's he the best or what? I best that money can't buy. Okay, we're half done then. Okay, and then we gotta get you straight enough. There, because we gotta get those bedtime stories on air. See, if they would just, you know what, if they would just leave stuff to hell alone. If they would just leave stuff alone, they don't like it. Like Greg Reed, he didn't like a success before. He had to start tinkering around, you know? Mess with success. That's not just management philosophy. It's also engineering philosophy. Everything seems to be working great. We got a technical success story going on here. 24, 7, 0, less. With a signal, it maybe can be heard 10 blocks up the street. No, we don't want to do that. Let's start messing with stuff. Let's start changing settings around. Let's start doing this. But I mean, but I mean, no, now that that fan Julio is gone. Just leaves the end. Oh, and listen, while he's there, you might mention to him not for the past 75 years lying five doesn't work on a phone, but screws up the whole phone bank. I just mentioned that in passing since he, the engineering of the department's doing such a tremendous job. If Bob remote would spend more time getting a some decent equipment in there and getting a place straightened out as opposed to telling a guy named Deliverance stories about the beesleys, maybe we'd have a place to work once in a while. You jackass? Just, just pathetic. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications on work. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. But aside from that, and we're not going to spend much time out of his three Cubans. Evidently, the whole time was have prevent lady in the media. So about the three Cubans have washed up unsure again. I mean, yeah, me. Oh, great. Great. It must be really, terminally boring there. We have to be Mr. Ego getting a big articular and a herald again, and then, uh, we'll get to that stuff. And also the results of yesterday's pool come to find out. We've got a lot of addicted people in the audience. A lot of addicted people in the audience and in the QM building too. Yeah, 913. Thanks again to Chris B. Cream. You guys had a best we love you. You have no idea. And of course, uh, the risk was being cream here, but not like one anywhere near where I am. Thank the Lord. Not that not that I know of and believe me, I'm not going to start to investigate it. Try to find it. Just can't do it. I wish I weighed 150 pounds. I wish I'd won 40 and had to put on 10 pounds. I would be crispy, creaming it all over the place. They'd be shardling those things down my head. You know what I'm saying? It's not. It doesn't. Oh, I could eat it doesn't. Yeah, these were warm. Seriously, let me ask you this. If you just, if it didn't make you sick, right? And it weren't bad for it. Like overdo it. How many could you really, the box that doesn't, but doesn't. I think you can do it. Sure. In about a half an hour. In fact, to be honest with you, I've heard of man. 913 at 560 WQM Talk is cheap. It's easy to throw on a lot of appealing load numbers. But when it comes right down to it, what can you really get we financed? At what number? 5% 4%. How about 2.45% with the natural group? With interest rates of 2.45% it's really your best bet. And this is rock solid. Call financial group right now. Tool 3 at 1-800-940-LN. That's the natural group 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. Interest rates are at all time low. So why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing? 2.45% financing with the natural group is what we're talking about. And here's what we'll do those monthly payments. Some examples for it to give you an idea. If you have a $200,000 alone you pay only $70,000,000, if you have $100,000,000,000, you pay only $393,000 a month. Come change. So get yourself 2.45% financing from the financial group. And call them today. There's no obligation. It'll give you all the information about how this works. Call 1-800-940-LN. That's financial group at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. There are an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly. 5.34 APR. No. weaknesses. Have you adopted that Pdy. Pdy multicatile in FBn. He, short, has us dumbed. He, short, has us dumbed. There, catchin' your gums and news. And what did I see? There was a man on Abu Dhabi TV, who'd be real, much too hours of surprise, for some better wrecky in a perfect disguise. I keep asking myself, and wondering how he survived, when we blew every building down, if it's not so dumb, we know where he'll be. I do the thing in Syria where he can be free. And that was a beast that's on the whole bathroom free. Just because there's a question left, if he really dead, is it dumbed? If he really did, is he really dead? I don't know. If he really dead, is it dumbed? Is it really dead? No! Short, has us dumbed. He, short, has us dumbed. Hey, great evening. I need to get a fire 60, happy Wednesday too. I think we got things working. Let's do a phone check here on line two and sunrise. Hello. What is that all about? See, it doesn't work. Hold on, let's my phone. Hold on a second. Put a phone back. Put a phone on there. Put a phone back on hold. Put a phone back on hold. Do I have to reset the phone? I think this morning. Oh, yeah, right. There is someone going to go down down there. I can smell it all the way. New people are worried about what I'm going to be back down there. I don't worry about what you're sending up here. It's not working. I hate to break the news to you. No, it's got to be reconfigured when it comes back on like that. What do you mean by that? I, please. Would it want to put people to sleep even more stuff? Well, why is this going on? It's got to be reset. Once your connection is reached out, it's got to be reset before you can be in the proper mode. So this one call I had here. This is a call is gone, right? Is that what you're telling me? No. I just want to do like a little line check. Just a something. Just a field. Just to make sure I'm connected with the outside world there. And we just can't do it here on QAM because the operations manager is running around the building Word of us. Everybody care that he feels good today. And the engineer is like standing on his head, partying in your face word. It is going to kid stars when I come back. That's the mentality you're dealing with the QAM. Now I got to check Mark on here. Let me see. No, it's not working. No, it's, it's, it's. Well, how long is this process going to take Mr. Until we figure it out. I'm 10. You get your finger out of it. Out of your, back. Oh, my God. I think I might just go on strike. You know what? This is, this is unacceptable. I'm sitting here. 6.45 in a morning ready to rock and roll. I got all my stuff done on my hand. Not to pat myself out of back because they're paying me a few bucks. But I'm ready to go on this end. And we just can't quite get it together down there at QAM. We can't quite get it together. Maybe if we spend a hell of a lot less time sending out some of the other guys out to place that they don't want to go to. Getting bit by a mosquito's the size of watermelons. Maybe we could get this thing straight now to that studio. You think? No, timing unlikely. Why is it rocket science? Let me just try out this line 12. See, it's got that same mouse. It's got a thing that I've never seen before. It's got a symbol with like somebody's finger stuck up at a middle there. Must be course. What is it that you're doing now? Would you please please tell me what it is that you're doing with your phone system? We're a poch game trying to get to work. Why is that? Why should we have to do this? We shouldn't but we do try to take a look at it. I think it's like four please. Pick up line four. Yeah. Now it's got a funky little. Looks like we're playing monopoly. It's got a one of those hotels symbols. I just bought a hotel online for. I think it's Atlantic City. Boardwalk. Are you an assistant producer 2.0 just out of curiosity? I beg your pardon. There's no problem on this end. I understand the problem is not on this problem on that end. We just have to make sure that everything is in the correct mode. Everything here is in the correct mode. Okay. In fact, I'm going to have a little pie. I'll in a minute mode. But some crispy cream donuts on the sides. It sounds pretty good to me. Who in their right mind can believe this? Any regular listen to QM. I was thinking. During all this break this last break. I was thinking about the IOD days. We have a few times you can count them on a fingers or one hand. Head. Phone problems. I mean it happens everywhere in every radio station at this talk. But here. Now let me just try it myself. Okay. I see that line is ringing. Line 2. Not the mark. Then mark. We're probably going to have to reset everything down here. I beg your pardon. We're probably going to have to reset the main unit down here. The main unit. Yeah. What does that mean? Well, we have a main unit. The computers I'll talk to it. Yours. Mine. Carloses. The one in the room. I was going to have a call on for a time here. I just wanted it. You know, just a little test there and it's a good thing that I did. It's a damn good thing I did. What's your number one addiction we asked yesterday? 1400. How many votes we got there? Because I had 1413. I printed this baby out. Before we started this long exercise. This grow test in birth. 1422. Yes. Pretty good in the result there. Especially. And I should point out to you. And I guess if you're in business, you already know this. That the Exodus like I mentioned yesterday. The Exodus from South Florida has begun. And you know, our website is like a, it's like a, um, a gauge. A gauge. It's like a gauge of how many people are there. It's amazing. I look back at last year's stats. And you can see month by month starting in May. We always said this right after Eastern pass over. They started feeling out and then June and July and then August. I mean, forget about it. And then September. They start coming back. Now, of course, part of that in the summers because George is. I mean, no, no, seriously. That's what it's all about. You're playing with an empty deck. They stick your ass on there. I mean, as as lame as you might be, but they expect you to like make magic. And you're talking like nobody. All the look at Mr. Ego. He's got two or three big stories in here in the last week in the paper. And he don't even put his audience in a phone booth. That's the thing that it may. It's me about that. The obsession with the same tired, stale people over and over again using. And word in dangerous talk host diversity. Well, he didn't belong in that diversity board in the first place. It's that for some jackass named Marty Rubens theme. Some personal pala his. That's the only reason he's on there. Did diversity board talk show hoston beyond diversity boards because they've all gotten asked to grind. Especially when they're a professional publicity. How like Mr. Ego. The keen, myster. And anyway, we'll get maybe even then probably not. So punch a line just for kicks. No, same thing. No, I'm back on. I'm on part playstone. I'm making progress. I'm still having my hotel. That's what that symbol looks like. And when I do that, you see the symbol or not. Yeah, I see it. That's the phone. It's touching it. It's my headset. When you pick it up, you're picking it up into my headset. More so what does that mean? I have no idea. That's why I asked you if you were in that mode because it's acting as if it's Carlos's computer. Your computer is acting like it's Carlos's computer. Mine says at the top. Assistant producer to point. That's what it says. Just like it always says like it's supposed to say. And you want to know why? Because nothing has changed here in this beautiful little studio, which George Corso, by the way, had nothing to do with building. Holy old built it down there and came up here and helped to assemble it. One was mostly done. Thanks to our engineer here in Toronto. Which we got real engineers here in Toronto. This is just a real kick in the ass is what this is. I think it sabotage if you ask me. Thumbna's time good. Let's make it up. I think we've been sabotaged. But the feels good today. Let's hear it. I don't. I'm pissed up and fired off is what I am. I just got through seeing this movie happiness. I was so excited to come out here and talk about it. All them fused and whipped up into a frenzy and I come on here. We can't just do like a show because the phone is a piece of crap. It's a piece of turd man. It's like that big turd in the back seat of that broads car. You can smell it. All through on terror. The probably going to think it's like West Now virus spreading again. What's your number one addiction? We had over 1,400 votes. Food 246. Food like crispy cream donuts which we loved dearly. We should have divided it down and we will do that sometime. Sex 193. Alcohol 133. Pot 131. The Neo Rogers show 112 and basically those with the top five right there. So if you could be having sex while listening to this show after getting little boozed up, smoking a big fat one and also then after you smoke to big fat one, then get the munchies and have it a few crispy cream donuts and maybe some of pizza. There you go. Right. Poor no 96. I don't have any addiction say 96. Lyr 6.7% of the audience man lie through their teeth. The internet 94. Nicotine 87. Got to put down those fagots man. Caffeine us picking a mystery go put down the fagots. That's his number one obsession. Caffeine 75 TV 57. Hero 123. I'm shocked but everybody now is told me that that's the new deal. I know they don't have to inject it. Because if you inject it you get that big purple thing and you're like a poor Jared. What's that? Well it's bigger that movie. Reckley and for a dream will be on IFC channel next Wednesday, May 14 at 10 p.m. Yes. So those who have IFC channel, the independent film channel on the cable. On your digital cable there you're Wednesday, May 14 at 10 p.m. So movie you must see. Hero 123 gambling 21. I guess people in our station ward voting on this week had a much higher turnout. Cocaine 17. Shopping 15. Prescription drugs 13 which we don't believe for a minute. It's much higher than that. Sure. But most of those people are either too old or too stone to go to their computer and vote. And ecstasy only for because they're in our crowd. Kid Korea sure is me that when they take their pull on power. They'll have a lot more than just for about 30 man. Thousand. Right. 5. 60 WQM. If you're stuck at a dead end job working for a real jackass surrounded by incompetent people. Then get out of that dead end and get yourself a new high pain computer job by making one simple call. That call could be the most important thing you'll ever do in your life. Call the folks at fast train and in just four short months they can give you the train to get that new high campaign job and to get your real big fat paycheck twice a month. Call fast train to day toll free at 1 8 6 fast train. They are convenient day evening weekend classes. They're not able to fit in your schedule and to certainly bound to be your location nearby you because fast train hours all over town. They're in Miami, Kindle, Pembroke, Pies and Fort Lauderdale. And don't forget to register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumpers sticker. Don't just think it's a little past time for that bumpers sticker thing. I could be wrong. I don't want to like plant ideas in their mind. But I just mentioned that that may be time wrecked my think about that one these days. So call fast. Riddly and change your life. Get out of your dead end and get it. We're going to go into a real worthwhile career called today toll free. There's no obligation. Call 1 8 6 6 fast train. Fast train. Be sure to tell me the thought wrecked all you'd to call. Go to my end. This is for 20 5 6 6 2 1 2 1. Yeah. Bratum and Sage. You did you know terrorists and members of a tiger. What's with your best when you get captured. Then you got to wear hands wide neck t-shirts. With hands wide neck t-shirts. You'll always look your best. Just ask an egg. Shake your helmet. Did you see how outstanding is heavy hunchback looked? So terrorists. You know you're going to get caught. See you might as well look your best. He's wide neck shirts. It's an alcharted thing. It's a 9 30 and 5 60. It's a screw up thing here at QM. We apologize profusely. We got to mad dog. I want to clank today. Hank in the studio with three. Marlins on Dreck at the 6 30. Marlins who lose every day now. Laced their consistent Giants at PPP Park tonight at 705 at the Estatium. Eddie K. After the game in Joe Markov tonight. A pristine schedule for the baseball season. Here's our pull question today. Who are the most pathetic creatures? Another chance for you to take out your hostility and anger and pick on people. I think it's really good after watching happiness too. Because everybody in the movie was pathetic. Everybody. Even the dog. Is there anybody on the other hand? Yeah we're right here. Okay. The way things are going today. I just want to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. I'm going to be checking to make sure. All of this on Ai isно when you hold the trigger. All of this is going to be checking to make sure. I've sage shop around there is probably gonna come through that scene. I cut it to make sure it doesn't come off if it's a person actually or another person can come to make sure thatinas will produce that all day. See if anybody can who owns this place is going to do that. Write something about it. Creating sure. It's set to show if someone is not ready. I can't do it though. Let's try it. engineers on here too, of course we don't have any anymore, but who are the most pathetic creatures that's the poll to question today? People who play golf, people who watch golf, computer nerds, sports talk groupies, autograph towns, I beg your pardon? Just a working one. No, it's not working here. No, we're going to have to change something over there. Ah, Jesus Christ! Apparently for some reason, the console of both yours and George's got reset to a different mode. Not from here, they didn't. No, not necessarily from there. No, not necessarily. Not necessarily. Not necessarily. Not necessarily. Not from here. Not on this end. Do you understand? You follow me, I'm telling you. Get it. Read my lips. Not from this end. Nothing changed here in my nice little studio. Nothing. Zero, Zippity Dura. There were no asshole engineers, pochking around, dicking around, to read, resetting settings, nothing changed here was on that end. Just for the record, okay? For the people in the audience wondering after all this time, are we still can't get our act together and get a goddamn radio show on here? And spot the fact that the engineering department puts out this big memo that they placed around their door. I thought they got us on here 24 hours seven, seven days a week. Wow. So what did you change up there? I wonder where. Can I finish this pool, please? Before you punch up any more buttons, make any more goddamn noise, since I'm starting to get just a little bit early. Who are the most pathetic creatures? People who play golf, people who watch golf, computer nerd, sports stock, rupees, autograph hounds, big fat slabs, and top show cronics. And I'm sure we could add some more onto this list if we ever were to take any phone calls or they could just fax them and the fact machine is still working least on this end. Yeah, I think I'm too. All I can add, I see check marks on a fall is that I mean something might be happening over. Hold on, let me do something real quick. Yeah, don't rush to that phone, baby. First take off your pants. Yeah, take off my pants and take off. I'm not doing it here. I'm going to take a big wild diarrhea right in the middle of the goddamn lobby. I'm going to go right in front of Greg Reid's door and I'm going to take a big, in fact, what I'm going to do is I'm going to have 15 crispy cream donuts. In fact, not 15. That's what I'm going to do. And then I'm going to have all kinds of sorbet all. I'm going to eat every kind of goddamn candy. All that good stuff with sorbet all in. I'm going to take a wild wild diarrhea right in front of Greg Reid's door and watch as it seeps under the door and goes crawling in there like the creeping death. Now, what do you want me to do? All right, you have also assistant producer 2.0. That's what it says. Click configuration. Are you kidding me? No. Are you crazy? No. And let me just tell you this right now. I'm not going to be able to go into the closet and crawl around on a floor again. Okay. No, you won't need to. You only need to. Okay. Because I have no keyboard on this thing. Keep that in mind. Configuration. Okay. Good. Mode. File. Mode. Yeah. Take off those checkered pants. And click on talent. I hate to break the news deal, but this particular way this is set up. When you click mode, the producer will tell you can't click either one of them because it comes up like, you know what I mean? Right. Go to desktop director then. Okay. Click on. And what? DD1, DD2, or DDT? No director. Okay. No director. That's like us. No director. Like you, I am. We got lots of people walking around with titles and they come into every day and tell us how good they feel. I feel pretty good too. If I was still on a checkered place to be too weeks and I'm doing anyway. Okay. Okay. Now go to mode. Got one. Go to mode. Mode. Okay. Now it should not be great out anymore. It's not. Okay. Go to talent. Okay. I clicked it. Okay. Now check a phone line. WDQAN. Hello. Hello. I'm going to echo. Why don't I hear that echo? There it's going. Hello. Yes sir. Speak to me. Do you hear me? I hear you. And I hear you. Incredible. Hey. Am I in the air here? Sounds like you. Yeah. Well, it's hard to tell because like I said, I can't hear you hear me. And you were calling me a liar this morning because I thought we should say about the Broward County Commission, passing this resolution against the US. Let me ask you this. Where's the story? You know, the papers are covering it. I was losing. Yeah. I heard the papers are. How is that? Wait. Wait a minute. Sir slow down. How is it possible that papers wouldn't cover a story like that? I scoured not only the Sun Sentinel and the Palm Beach Post in the Herald. I scoured every website in the history of the human race and it's not on anywhere. Well, did you call the Brown County Commission and ask if they passed it on the agenda yesterday? Of course I haven't called a Broward County Commission. How do I do that at 8 o'clock at night? Or do I have a minute? And you know what? And you know what? The American government is on the website. They passed this thing and the problem that I have is the media is not covering it. They don't want to cover things that are going against the pushes administration. Yeah, get out of here. Do you believe there's anybody in this audience believe that? No. I mean, if I'm wrong, if he, sir, I'll tell you what you call them up. You give me some documentation. Facts into us 305 65.0198. That's our facts number. 65.0198. And I will apologize to you on a year. But I don't, I still don't believe you. I mean, I understand how much they're manipulating the media. Make no mistake about that and how the media is full of crap. Especially with all the SARS history I see written. And by the way, Lynn, you got sucked into a sweetheart. And he didn't know it was in New York Times. I don't care where it was. The numbers are wrong. His theory is growing by the moment. You can manipulate those deaths. Just like that story that the misquud just got on the river about the guy in Vegas. Hey, I hate to break the news to you. There's two other people that also had a coffin, a source wrote that they have a fever. Oh, they didn't have it. Neither does he. But every chain and it's irresponsible is what it is. Every one of these people now, every 10 they find any story about SARS. Oh, the death rate is really 300%. What? I mean, it's, you know, everybody panic like our engineering. In fact, you know what you ought to do? I got a great idea for you. Okay, since we got such a bunch of pussy's around the building, you ought to go to the, you know, a fudge report and download all of those stories. All those panic stories. Get everybody just into a total state of panic. Oh, the death rate is 600%. Because it's all bullcrap. They're not even talking about SARS here anymore. They're worried about West now. If I was in the damn skaters, if the SARS don't get into the skaters, well. So, sir, again, with all due respect. I mean, you know, I don't like calling people liars. And I thought it was some punk. Oh, did the sky was older than being a punk. But that's what I thought it was. That we were just being had again. It wouldn't be the first time, right? Oh, you know, like to see some verification. Does anybody can call it any radio talk show and say anything they want? Oh, the president just, you know, just had wild diarrhea. I mean, just because somebody says it doesn't make it, I mean, it's, I make it so. Although I would like to do my own wild diarrhea. All of that building. I'd like to fill up certain rooms. I don't want to say which ones. Just fill them up a sea of wild oozing. Oh, and by the way, SARS can live in diarrhea for four days. I do like that. Oh, four days. They just discovered that regular stool only one day. But diarrhea four days. Yeah, because it's moist. So I'm going to bring that. When I come back from here, I'm going to smuggle in some stools. 940, 20 till 10 at 560 QM, you're just absolutely in, it is. It is a place. It's just, there are no words to describe it. But when I write my book, which I think will be very soon. People assume that I just made a lot of crap up. I'm not making anything up. You're only hearing the tip of the ice bucket is what you're hearing. And believe me, when I say bucket, I'd like to say something that rhymes with it. But I need the cash. You know, mom has always been there for us with this mother's. They she deserves the softest gift for the hardest job. This year, Pamper mom with a pajama gram. She'll receive the most luxurious pajamas along with free lavender battea gift card. And it do not disturb sign all delivered and it keeps say get hotbox. The set of pajama gram gift shop online at pajamagram.com are called tool free 1-800 gift PJs. And I hope you choose the perfect pair. And of course, everybody's looking for the perfect pair. They've got brand she knows and loves like Nick and Kora, crab free and Evelyn and the toy. All made from premium fabrics like Egyptian cotton and fine silk. Insizes to fit any mom from teeny tiny, two gigantic humongous. Plus they've got gowns, ropes, slippers and great spa products too. Sending pajama gram is a great avoid of thank her and it's delivered right to her door. She'll love it and it's a gift. You know she's going to use too. There are sister company from Aunt Pinygerson or contrast their quality and on time delivery as well. So this mother's day and believe me, time is right enough. Do it now. Send mom the softest gift for the hardest job. Just visit pajamagram.com or call tool free 1-800 gift PJs. That's pajamagram.com. Rye and local. We're sports radio 560 series. You a yeah. You may all sports radio where they old woman all day. You may all sports radio a grab myself when I hear sports whole city. Look out fast, keep them run. Look out fast, keep them jump. That's the kind of man that's black to home. Real all sports radio for the man. The likes man. 945 at 560 WQM where we just love man man. We like those 25 to 54 males and anybody under over will take those two because we like the bonus money. More than most pathetic creatures, people who play golf people who watch golf, computer nerds, sports dog group, he's autographed on big fat slabs which include myself in that category or Toshokronics. And believe you me when I tell you most of us big fat slabs, we'd give anything. I give Georgia's left arm. To alus the wait and weigh up perfect 150 pounds and looks spelt and slim and trim and you just wave a magic wand. But I'm a big fat slob. You know, I can't stop the fat. Like down below we said, I can't stop the fat. And then there's George down there sitting shoveling crispy cream donuts. His little punky face because they're free number one. And because they're so good number two. Right. Because number three he's not fat. This is not a bed of canola yet. Yeah. But he sure's got a lot more great here than I got. Now if anybody in Broward can verify with this guy's saying about and his line to me about Did you call the Broward County commission? I mean, everybody that calls this show. Like I got some kind of a stamp here. I'm going to sit and make phone calls and try to get a hold of something. It's going to verify everything that people say on his show. The new Rogers investigation team. Right. Like 72 pounds. Oh, it's speaking of. That's me. It's a call house. I thought we'd more like. Oh, seriously. I think Rick snatches us on MSNBC briefly as they before a change in channel real quick. I thought he was coming back to NBC six as they say it. Was not the story. Yeah, that was a story. Well, the what that was he still doing on MSNBC where I thought they can't Is as because they caught on to what I high-preventinating jerky is. I don't know. What else? Anilabood. They must really be out to the MSNBC. Just turn off the switch. Okay, just give it up. Give it up. They just even threw a thing they said, well, they're going to have to like we examine that. They're not sure he's ready to do a whole hour talk show and they're having all kinds of production problems and we don't think it's going to fly. Oh, brother. And people are talking. Remember? I told him, what was it? A month or two months ago, they started talking at crap about a national the Democrats and liberals are going to put together a national liberal. We're going to be a real liberal. We're going to be a real liberal. We're going to be a real liberal talk network that they go up against Russian and all these other assholes. Forget about it as they sit in the Donnie Brasco. Forget about it. Why we didn't like Donnie Brasco. This is great this week. I'll tell you. It's quite a engineering there. It's quite a the QN factor. You've heard of the O'Reilly factor. We got the QN factor. You can smell it. But I'm seeing some pretty good flicks, especially so far. My real award winner is Reckling for a dream and happiness. I mean, they're totally different, although they're both off the wall. But I would say happiness might be even as good as Reckling for a dream. Well, I can't wait that. So these are two of the, and again happiness is really, you know, the name of the movie is like It's equivalent to passions. Yeah. You know, because on passions, they live in a town called Harmony where everybody hates each other. And with the whole purpose of the show is to like, you know, interfere with other people's relationships and whatever. It's a sarcastic title. Exactly. So Harmony is sarcastic and the same thing with happiness. Because everybody in this movie is dysfunctional. They can't get laid and they don't want to get laid. And in fact, I will tell you one of the great scenes is Jon and Phillip. What does his name, Phillip Susa? Philipsy more Hoffman. Okay. And his big fat, tubby Mexican woman who comes to the door. I don't want to tell you too much. But there's a scene where the two of them finally wind up hopping on the bed. Two big, chubby, I mean, she's a tub. And she said, I'm fat and I'm ugly, which is. And they happen to bed and they finally, they just kind of like lie there, looking around like, what do we do now? And she turns all on her side, looking away from him. And he finally turns and looks away from her and he just lied. It's great. Can't wait. It's great. They get along. Kind of like the QAM family. Chris, why do I drive? Kind of like that. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. What are you doing? I was looking at this story with these the Cuban guys who made it to sure yesterday. You know, what's going on with that? Do it with the people. I guess the Coast Guard, I think yesterday was a fish and wildlife. Do they not have an obligation to try to intercept them? Or are they now just sitting and watching people come to sure? No, they just, they have a megafawn. They all pick it up on it. Pick it up on it. If they see, then they let them come on in. They give them the high side, the high side. I don't know. All right. Think, buddy. Hey, listen. You better catch on man before it's too late. I think he's a little slow on the uptake. He doesn't get a slow buddy. The men had been pepper spread after reportedly brandishing ors and weapons. They put a game of shitty. And they asked the one guy how you feel and wefted this long dangerous trip. He said I'm a little machete. And approaching Coast Guard offices about two miles offshore. A fourth migrant to try to stay afloat. Boy, Vina Boy, but you can relate to this story. A lot of them stuff to be taken aboard a Coast Guard vessel after jumping over board. And of course the most important part of this under the wet foot drive foot policy. Cuban migrants who reach your our general allowed to stay while those Interdicted at sea are typically sent back. As the ocean gateway to shallow puddles, one of the men lifted his arms to the sky. Pumping his fist would joy. I ride he said. Oh, rock. Of course he ate in South Florida long enough to hate he yet. Just wait. Just give him a couple of weeks. Want to be something when people start swimming back? Oh. Run this time of year, isn't it? That's when everybody builds out of South Florida. When his third scene of the skaters is big as bowling balls. Here's the facts. I have not been able to find any evidence of the so-called Voting Browd County Commission. There was a meeting schedule for yesterday, but the topic of discussion was Plats not the Papi Act. Ready for that? He said nothing to make a plot. I think is what he meant. Plats not the Papi Act. So again, sir, if you're right and you sounded very indignant over the fact that I wouldn't believe him. Did I call a Browd County Commission or wait? I mean, not the Sun Sentinel, not the Harold, not the Palm Beach Post, not the weekly Weater, not MindConf, nothing. So publication that I can find has got anything. He speaks to me to call based on every kind of crap that people call him as Radio Show. I don't believe you, sir. How do you like that? The media are suppressing me. And let me also ask you this. How come every other city and county in a country where they pass similar resolutions, condending the Papi Act parts one through 100? How come that's all been in the media? We haven't any providing those? Only in, yeah. An additional which since Browd County is one of the, probably the most liberal County in the whole state, does it make any sense that there'd be a problem with putting that in the Sun Sentinel for example? No. Hey. No. Here it is. Here's what? Let's just to make up facts. I'm going to send it to you. Okay. Well, what public what public what public. This is from Sentinel.com. Get out of here. Here comes. Okay. I checked the yesterday and I wait. I've before I passed any judgment and said anything. I checked again. I scoured this morning. The Sun Sentinel just to make sure that I didn't want to pick on this guy. And you've got it. I'm on on their website right now. I don't see it. Let me click on software to news. Okay. And see if there's anything about the Browd Commission. New affordable housing in South Florida can displace the very poor local headlines. Let me click on Browd County. Woman claims to have knowledge about ambush murder of business van Bullis. Browd to reject all of fans request for extra 30 million F.C.F.F.F.F.F.F.F.F. is from teaching reforms in Browd. By the way, that's our education governor. You know, so all these kids are going to flunk. Power line deal. Sublust five between law today, neighborhoods in F.P. You know, science experiments, revised Columbia crash returns to the pines. Browd school board criticizes consultants for flawed building plan. They be official checking managers, ex expenditures. And on and on it goes late search in Browd Cook, deputy 1990 death. There is nothing on here. Absolutely not a word. Students give us an African American heritage. Speed, I wonder if you've given that mystery. Speeding drivers ignore calming devices in South West Ranchers. Cooper city students plan routes of friendship with sister city. And I mean there's eight million stories here. And then they could see. And the fact machine is starting to make those gurgling sounds now. There's something in the movement. Yeah, that's it. Here we go. I got to right here in my hand. May 6, 1159 p.m. So last night just before midnight. You believe this? I don't know. How come it disappeared? I was sound asleep by 1159 p.m. last night. Browd County Commission unanimously approved the resolution Tuesday protest in the USA pay connect. Another message is described by critics as violations are treated by the constitution. Browd is the largest of 100 areas nationwide to approve the resolution according to the ACLU. People don't know how in city and in two systems. Some aspects of the pay connect are said, they didn't mingle a national field coordinator of the ACLU. But why is it that this is not on their website? I mean, I'm sure if I go to this, you know, the URL on here I can find it. But why should I have to do that? The resolution says the USA pay to the domestic security enhanced the act of 2003 and Florida's emergency health powers act threatened civil liberties by expanding governments powers. A government's ability to conduct sequence searches without warrants. Is there a second page to this? Yes. Would you invite the facts to me? Yes, I did. And come in pieces and come in. The Browd Commission and county commissioner firms are in a very long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long time, long, long, long, long, long, long, long- năm, long, long, long, long, long, long, long long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long time, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, It's turning it's all over the place. By the way, that movie happiness is a lot of warming in the memory. Oh, yeah I mean just frantic. They're desperate to try to feel something I feel something right now sick of my stomach From this first hour. I can't believe this Not necessarily listen, let me say it again. Broward County is the largest of a hundred areas nationwide to approve the resolution according to ECU So that made the obviously in and of itself. It makes it a major story and I'll let me just click on sound Florida New affordable housing big sugar used cash and lobbies to weaken Everglades clean up South Florida firm faces fines for false claim on diet foods. Oh, I want to see that What tell us that story The largest fine $10,000 is again Susan's bakery of sunrise the kids are selling apple rings apple turnovers Other parts that contain more sugar than advertised remember that ice cream. What was that ice cream that they were peddling? Oh, I remember what was they to that oh Uh-oh most of the products are sold in the store specializing in health and diet foods although some are sold in supermarkets Reason test on products offered by the seven companies show that the labels did not accurately reflect the contents of the products the companies were Carbo light foods of Evansville in the Anna That's the first one listed here, and that's got some more Ha, well anyway, that's uh Well, this is turning into one goddamn ugly day. I'll tell you that right now What are the most pathetic creatures we have today on our poll 62 votes so far pretty lame, but I can understand Sports talk group is 17 autograph sounds 15 people who watch golf 12 Talk show chronic nine big fast-slob seven computers two and people who play golf none But if you watch golf you're like in third place and moving up on the list So I'm here in a fast machine click and in clicking again So what I'm gonna do and if we look at this break say I can't catch your break today We got this one teeny tiny short break come out here now and I would have time I would you know, well, let me get ready to do that now. Okay, okay, so I can type this thing in and see if I can find it Because this is not a meet-up thing. Who'd I could make this thing up? Right yeah And let me say it again. I did see gaslight. Okay, course. So I saw gaslight and you wait no in good Bergman And I sure ain't no Charles Boyay, Ellery is French his hazard is big The Broward County Commissioner firms it's strong opposition to terrorism It also firm that any efforts to enter was him should not be wage at the expense of essential civil rights and liberties of the people of Broward County in the US Resolution that I apologize Profitly that guy and thanks to call the professionals at drive concepts once you knew I guarantee you I'll make you George Corso's life on it You never dream of calling anybody else call tool free 1 800 2 for 8 5071 after we even in Bob the Mooth and there too 1 800 2 for 8 5071 or log under their website at rock concept.com and of course it's true Like I was telling you with rock concept you can clean today entertainment Did I call him two day and get your carpet in your world as looking sparkling like new 1 800 2 for 8 5071 This is the Neal Roger show. Any questions? Did you have Johnny's take out? Don't stand so close to me, don't stand. five sixty so guess what I just did I typed in the uh... you are all on here yeah me too sign and guess what it came up the story came up for you yeah didn't come up for me it says it's an outdated page resolution opposing us a patriotic prove by uh... well here's the guy we want to apologize to profusely hello any only inflation or i accept your apology but i'm also but i hope you know i hope you understand why i was skeptical because it even even in scouring for now i still can't find it because the media doesn't want to cover these things you know this is this is been on the uh... counties agenda before something i'd be pushing as i put the resolution through right they pass it on the consentage idea say to kind of flew under the radar uh... but you know all the person's decision is beating on my real all of on and they don't want to hear about anything that that's going against the administration and they're just not publishing this i got to this for the paper that is a lot more significant to the future of our lives that mirroring stich in all of them it absolutely is and the other thing that that's in the resolution about the florida emergency health powers act to give her that no but legislator past this last day made two thousand two again under the radar in the dark of night and it basically says that jib not as real name can uh... point health inspectors that they can declare a health emergency or a potential health emergency they can force people to be vaccinated they can force people to be quarantined and then they can take their property and that doesn't stink of brown shirts and i don't know what does so you know this is something that people are totally unaware of nobody nobody on the planet knows about the emergency health powers act and they can do this over so i don't want to do i mean i i i i realize how perocule software is but when you got a story that this big and the ap says brown is the largest of a hundred areas nationwide to improve the resolution grid of the issue and you can't find the story and when you go through the search of all of the ground stories and local stories and you still can find it there's something really really smells of the sun similar something really and a herald to it doesn't i call them both yesterday to see if they were going to be a one-day one-day say there are two days in the already got a story on the commission of the media about myrion kithirium had you know back i'll be shooting show up so that's the big story that's a story you know but uh... but i think the patriot act is given city as i think people need to know that you know the government can start spying on them and one of the things the only key to the resolution all i'll try to get you that the resolution later this morning is that it says the brown county is not going to let the so interrogate people without to process hide them away you know in prisons without telling anybody and say that that's okay because the fed say it's okay it also protects the library employees because under the patriarchy know they can do surveillance right investigations on what you know books people are checking out and it's a librarian say anything to anybody they can be prosecuted and it says the county is going to stand by county employees and they're not going to let uh... you know this uh... less than due process investigations go forward thanks again for bringing it to my attention to the bill you bet i emailed it to you just so you haven't okay sir i can can you believe this is this is scandalous this is one of the most grotesque events in the history of south florida like their barracks by it and it's this was the reporting the news not whether they were embarrassed by it and that this is a major major epic news story and both those papers the hero i don't know if it's even in the riddle i don't even know if you'll find it in the riddle probably not but the sun sent a little bit here somewhere like i said i'll go on a website again here now and if you can tell me where i could find it i just thought you affect somebody uh... with like step by step how to find it yeah but how was the average person going to do that good luck this should have been on the front freaking page this is a man out of the local section of the other front section air v other of these hundred areas in the country that has passed a civil resolution we've been able to find it we've talked about it we put them on our website by the way speaking of put stuff on our website how's that coming yeah we're up just got up there you go hard calling uh... little hard just got it up there you go let's see to find it the normal way click on south florida okay here we go i clicked on south florida monor web site right now you got it let's do this together all right scroll scroll down to recent brown story recent brown stories oh my god so you all look at this you want to know what this is this goes to show how desperately wanted to hide this it's it's time you live in fifty nine p.m. by associated press last night so they would probably claim that it was uh... because it was on may six then it's a two days story two of the sand yes is where from yesterday but it was never yesterday's newspaper because it happened yesterday now what do i do to go down to a five oh six stories where the hell is that recent brown star where where do i find that i'm gonna find it the funny buddy that would have to go through this browned county i don't see a thing that says recent browner way there is way not the bottom recent browner you got to be kidding me man you talk about varying something we had i i just found some weapons of mass destruction we got a better chance of finding those underneath though your acid there that we got to find and look what now adder coming up adds which i don't want to see okay now go down to five six uh... may seven uh... that's six okay resolution opposing us a patriot act there it is that finally i got my how do you like that only took me five minutes oh should be on the front page of your god dan news paper you idiots at the sun sent a lot of takes you morons you you simple than no one of the people in south for a their middle name is the number like that with a kind of crap that they get past off for news in that town who are you kidding me uh you people of the sun sent my hope you have gag on it okay somebody got issue of gag order on you and let me say again the most liberal county in the entire state to certainly deserves to have this played up to have a big story but no we stick it on their right around midnight time on it and when the clock uh the big hand it's the little hand well now that was yesterday news right is that they don't have plenty old news already like most of jickus crap maybe nobody will notice and Michael Mayo oh you ought to see Michael Mayo is fair while columny for you when i'm as trip to frances that you try to read that you'd cry to think that here's the guy that's right in the column and supposedly a major market newspaper it's enough to make you weep it's so lame tragic but he loves his country and that's good my kid by the way don't come back to it okay just stay over there have a good time have some of that jiu-food in a france five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line well what what kind of insanity are we talking about here i just tore the story up too we got a frustration well that's alright i know how to find it i have a two or three spare hours i'll do it again here's a call from high aliea hello wake us from a tower uh how why is it highly we've bothered with them be uh hildred junior i don't know here's a call from my any hello yes sir there's country turning to ashes something out it's it's no home yeah have you seen a satir bites from what's the jingan at the i've seen what but i've seen what but i've seen what but what about him what what senator buys not from us virginia senator bird yeah yeah he's a he's a good set yeah okay great well move to us virginia okay he's also 400 years old we got a senator bird stir and our website which you'll get those bad times stir is up eventually but don't blame my Hitler junior it's so he had late start what the hell was that guy's story oh he was that one of those guys that got off the boat yesterday okay congratulations amigo welcome man baby you'll fit in perfect like a we're like oh jays glove 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on a AT&T and you and you notice that the guy who called us Randy he's the guy that the you know pushed for this resolution so he knew about it because he was involved in it nobody else little about it because nobody else saw it nobody else heard from it here's a pebble park hello hey you know yeah i've just told i was gonna tell you that story was on there but it ain't there no more what do you mean by that the story about them fighting the patriot act no you have to look at yesterday's story that's what i'm saying it it did that thing at eleven fifty nine and then it's so so in other words it was on here for a minute yeah yeah nice but that's why that's why i held on i disrespectful to hang up on you sir it did certainly would be thank you sir right what do you say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T whereas we're on the slide we got three more Cubans and town let's hear it all right let's hear it there's one with you lucky right to be sure you have three more people gonna be driving very soon on the highways and byways and date county very soon and accident will you happen i mean it's probably as we speak they probably now yeah in the car right now listening to a radio mumbee come on you stop coming please don't worry you go boy don't forget to movey happiness go out and get well today please here's a call from Miami hello hi Ali it's gonna be another one hello hey Neil yes sir Neil let me ask you though how do you prevent a terrorist attack from happening unless you spy on people i mean it's one thing to investigate it after it happens but it to prevent something from happening unless you spy on people doing what well you know you you you look for things you know it probably be somebody there's a mulled on some that you recently immigrated from an Arab country some of you goes to a radical e-mong and so on go 14 error it's not what the Patriot says that it doesn't restricted to some Muslims who just came from some radical a country that reads terrorists that's not what it says well what is what does that have to do with the checking out what books you check out in the library or what videos you write at blockbuster what does that have to do with that well it's all it's all the pieces that they put together like let's say may you check out a book on making hot blood buildings yeah yeah yeah yeah and uh little let me ask you how long is that information been on the internet how many years is all that stuff how to make bombs all that how many years is that been on there you're right man you're right sir if you're if you're willing if you're that foolish and at the easy that you're willing to give up all your personal liberties are most of them under the guise of well we're looking for terrorists then I feel sorry for it that's not the kind of country I want to live in well I don't think we're giving up that much I mean I'd rather not be like the any red to pay for that sir do you know what it says well I know the certain certain things they change like before the FBI could not even send public meeting even even only if they thought there was a criminal like that and that's the essence of the paper act is not all but it's in there's many there's many parts of it well what I would do if I was you sir I would go to the internet and read do some reading okay before calling into a talk show and start defending with wild generalizations about how wonderful it's gonna be and I'll see only way they're gonna catch terrorists in the audio deyani which by the way if we got a sama yet oh how's that I'm doing got him yet oh but we got somebody's guys from the deck of cards we got the Ace of Spades baby five five six seven oh thank god it's Wednesday man oh brother TGI W W oh how do you like that yeah that's just hit me I just hit myself in the face with that 124 votes on the survey who had the most pathetic creatures sports dog group he's 34 autograph pounds 25 people to watch golf 22 talk show chronic's 20 big fat slob 17 computer nerds five and people play golf one we haven't put Hitler junior runner yet because he's good nervous it's little Hitler I don't want you to go change it no oh is that what I said little have said yeah has a nice sound to it it didn't have a good sound look it was kind of like little Havana right little like the little general like the polio here's one it says oh oh here's a good one we got to add this on there immediately have Vincent Jacksonville the most pathetic creatures log cabin Republicans and you are absolutely correct we got your thumb right on events get that on there right away Eric please don't give us any slack today Eric we're not in the mood for it okay get that on there right away immediately log cabin Republicans oh I did like a log cabin maple syrup I think they still make that don't they I think I think I think that's good stuff although it's not nearly as good as that blueberry and the boys and very right the eye hop hmm not syrup just doubt those crispy cream donuts with good wasn't very syrup can you make and then some whipped cream on top of that good with some cherries and shaved almonds hmm 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line this audience is obviously whipped up into a frenzy about that story about the Patriot acted about the Brown County Commission being during both local newspapers you know something folks actually for 20-70 years plus you get what you deserve and the state of Florida and South Florida in particular get what they deserve when we got all the enters in Palm Beach County voting for Pat Buchanan when we got people like get buffalo by by the jet bush mice during and we ward him for helping to steal the presidential election and scrub the goddamn DCF and the education system in the state by overwhelming they putting a back in there for another term you get what you deserve and you deserve what you get so I can tell you Florida's a state with a death wish it's the uh the state of the even smell of creeping death I've talked about that for a long time smell it what other code is you thought it was most vague they'd left in a hallway here's a call from Hollywood hello oh gosh oh son here's for Lauderdale hello hey deal how are you okay sir I have a Mary and Olaf on sighting her back is a herch actually it's got a second job at 7 11 yeah 7 11 here in federal highway okay great 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for rise of wireless line not even 10 30 yet not even about 10 man has 10 and they have no material you just keep you wait your way through life man you just keep doing it and then one day you'll wake up and say how do we get to this point what just happened here while I was a busy sleep one had my finger inserted deep in my rectum here's a call from Fort Lauderdale hello deal yes sir okay yeah the reader on his calling is I was reading a paper that whole thing with bush and that the big sugar getting pushed off even though the Republican and that you know the Republicans were fighting that damn big sugar thing and what did they do they pushed off for 20 years you know to clean up you got damn everything is for the 20 years now because of big sugar yeah you see that in the paper yes I did sir I saw you got the DCS you know you got Mary and Olaf on asking for $30 million so she just get up to some more sorry I heard you know and I was right now one of your site on my store and I know I curse you what did you say yeah I was we didn't hear any way so I didn't really curse that deep didn't damn I was one of your links on your website and you know all you can't be able to focus you think pushes such a great guy you know visit that acronym when you see that news called rhinos Republicans and name only you know any of you people are to the the left of gangas con as you put in the up so the Republicans don't want you they'll tend to you to get your vote but they don't want you they don't give a damn about you wish you're rich and white and uh right wing I don't know if I'll something don't forget that man yeah it's just you know you're talking about your wake up and you will say what happened I happened to wake up and do it after three years now I woke up and I said well what the hell is going on I feel like I've been in a three year nightmare do I had a friend of mine before saying uh you know was clinton you're clinton slash military so bad that we don't have any smart bombs you know what the hell we've been using on the Iraq and that kind of stand look the window at you build those when you got the yeah it's a freaking nightmare yeah hey uh Carl's is uh I went Carl's is styling it's the phone he's like 2 a.m. what do you want I look at what you like it you're not really going that's what we like it 2 a.m. what do you want that's what we love it 2 a.m. what do you want that's what little or does it when we're considered that I ever was 567560 pound 560 on a you know I made a big deal about that story but obviously the people don't care about it anyway so what don't I get all worked up about you're still in a folder plan this is interesting on void of the US police state the strain relations between Germany and the US took a turn for the worst yesterday I'm gonna tell you like you said maybe before to show this morning you understand to the stop open strike of everywhere no that's what the little Hitler said no but you said that when Germany starts calling your police did then you know you really got some serious problem they ought to know the strain relations between Germany and the US took a turn for the worst yesterday after a senior Berlin diplomat was reported with told foreign ministry colleagues that America was turning into a police state and he is the comments of Jurgen Toreborg the state secretary reported a German focus magazine threatened to disrupt intense diplomatic efforts to repair the relationship between Gerhard Schroeder the chancellor and president Bush air Toreborg is said would give an ablistering critique of US German relationships during the annual meeting of German ambassadors complaining that America was irstricting more and more at civil liberties at home and he's right the German government said that air Toreborg's comments had been misrepresented but at least one participant was struck by the distant even skeptical toldy used when talking about the US administration the US embassy sensing another scandal brewing was unhappy if true someone's made a big mistake a diplomat said and that's right they're gonna be on the list next okay if they thought we were what we did double the ww2 was bad just wait till we see what we do nest with them smart bombs and dumb bombs that said when so on by the way for your viewing and producing pleasure don't forget 10 o'clock on Wednesday may 14th week from today on the iFC is going to be a breakaway for dream and also tomorrow night at 9 p.m. on pbs somebody facts this on a front line on pbs with you play the market if it's called the Wall Street fixes name of the segment what you play the market and listen to the advice of whilst we're in listering the millenial bubble years whether you placed your money in the hands of a fun manager and tuned it all out chances are you lost a bundle when the bubble burst absolutely correct nearly everyone did it says here that's why when the chairman of the SEC the attorney general of the work in the cameras last week and talked about restoring investors faith in confidence even as they charge some of the wall streets biggest firms with fraud and announced a historic $1.4 billion settlement they were referring to all of us says what we learned from the seemingly endless scandals that have rock wall street and shake in the markets for the past two years this week in Wall Street fixed Thursday may 8th 9 p.m. on pbs front line looks inside the culture of Wall Street and the world of investment banking investigated the hidden relationships between the streets biggest banks city group and the bubbles most spectacular failure world calm focusing on the stripy high world comes incredible rise and fall and the relationship between its CEO Bernie Ebers and city group star telecom ineless jackrogan corresponded hit rich Smith shows how Wall Street drove the telecom boom pocket enormous profits into millions of investors on a ride that eventually cost $2 trillion in losses on world com another telecom stock two trillion with a TR okay not million not billion two trillion small pathetic right that's front line of my night nine o'clock pbs just much of that in passing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T of rise and wireless line here's a call from point and beach hello yes sir yeah yeah you were talking about a protocol in the newsfield and Harold last week by Ian Masters I don't know if you're remembered I was trying to find where I could locate the yeah I'm sure it's on our website it's on your website yeah if you just go to the what do we call that the features and you go to the previous days right just scroll through there and you'll find it all right keep up the good work thank you okay thanks all somebody is sending us a draft resolution on a USA Patriot Act this must be our friend that called before which is very long I'm not going to read the whole thing a resolution of the brown county commissioners of brown county affirming the civil rights of all residents of brown county whereas brown has a diverse population including students working people in on citizens whose contribution to the community are vital to its character and function and the US Congress passed the United and strengthening America the Patriot Act October 26 2001 in cozana we believe these civil liberties are precious and may be threatened by the USA Patriot Act which reduces judicial supervision of telephone international railings expands the government's ability to conduct secret searches without warrants grants power to the Secretary of State to designate domestic groups as terrorist organizations grants power to the Attorney General of Subject non citizens to indefinite detention or deportation even if they haven't committed a crime grants the FBI access to sensitive medical mental health financial educational records about individuals without having to show evidence of a crime and grants the FBI to power to compel libraries and bookstores to produce circulation or purchase records of their patrons and forbids disclosure that such records have been requested and produced and so baracosana results the brown county commissioner firms the rights of all people including the US citizens and citizens of other nations within the county and accordance with the billarights in the 14th Amendment Constitution and the brown county commission calls upon all county officials and employees to respect the civil rights and liberties of all members of this community including those or citizens of other nations and the Patriotianicosa nice gone boys like I said to bad nobody knows about it not necessarily this is and all the goofballs they're on a phone you know all the idiots you know there there comes a day in time in your life when you have to like find a brain some I know it might take a search party but you people and softfoot between the searching for the guy named early bird and searching for a life and playing freaking golf and worried about who uh what the ball score was from last night what was the score for two I mean you know you better get a life better get with it wake up and stiff the guy named Daphatos in the dandelions and even some of the pansies two before it's two guy damn late and you wonder why the electorate is so freaking goddamn stupid in the US what kind of a market is it what kind of newspapers are we talking about that's something of this significance isn't on the front page and you couldn't find this with a search party today but I had to go through just to locate that damn thing on her stick and crappy s website and of course the Harold's website they got stuff from like you know went to the backhead was visiting town from a hundred years ago they got stuff about the mister flagver and how he's building that railroad how's that coming oh it's coming along and Henry said it's really coming Henry Burrow oh that Henry flagver oh my god what a crock of crap just one more reason I'm so ecstatic not to be in South Florida all the way do have to check them out and check them out on the web obviously doesn't do me any good anyhow but what I'm curious about if somebody has a physical copy since this was on their website at eleven fifty nine last time then disappeared in one minute if somebody has a physical kind what newspaper would you find this in to see what I'm saying right was it in yesterday's paper no of course not because it happened yesterday what does this have a time on it when this happened probably not I'm looking no I don't see any time on it but it happened at their meeting yesterday and of course the paper goes to bed of the night before so it certainly wasn't in their newspaper yesterday I'm curious if somebody has a physical copy of the sun sent a day if this story is anywhere in that newspaper okay I want you to scar page by page in between all the full page ads for douche bags whatever else they're peddling today and see if this story merits one word in the sun sent where do I mean here all that I have my doubts about it okay probably not and that in itself is a scandal and of course were you gonna read about that you won't read about it in the newspapers because they're sure I'm gonna take a shot of themselves always screwed up right it's looked to the cracks they're all whipped up into a frenzy at the hairlt about mr. ego there and he said the end word in uh bababa bababa and he's a make it off the who gives a crap about that nonsense okay it's baby crap it's baby schmit which is one more reason why Florida continues to be the laughing stock the place where we had the hanging chads and the old dienthes and pombies voting for Pat Buchanan and the butterfly ballot and the stolen election and on and on and on it goes to never got them ends because it's a disgrace I think back to that first week on a year on Kate I think back to this morning at the nontic clock trying to get on the ear here and do an radio show trying to get the equipment working in his horse and buggy place it's a joke I take back what I said years ago about something about a being a bush league town that's an insult to all the bush league places in a world yeah okay it's whatever is ten steps below bush league that's off Florida and especially the media uh a freaking disgrace 1027 at five sixty cue I can't find my copy oh I'm so worked up into a freaking frenzy here oh here it is all I want to be doing a wrong spot no yeah you know what the problem is am I in a right hour who knows who cares what did I do at ten in the first break beiner boy did we take the first break I'm just looking at that no I don't I don't think we ever did break we did boy got to write a shot right now no one right can't find what I'm doing I never took the guy damn break rubber against the guy damn wall now man now we got plenty of we can fit them in well another little bit of a little bit tight wow I don't I think maybe I did that once before for like a minute or two right but now we're like uh why don't you just screw it yeah too bad we don't really care you know on those days coming up this Sunday in the folks at Vermont teddy bear but busy hand making some great new bears your mom life grandma deserve something extra special this year she'll imagine much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear she'll get a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy and a colorful gift box they've got great bears like the spa mob bear mom's biggest fan or the new queen for a day bear and don't forget that's your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother and come set as perfect and as many comes as you need with their names embroidered on the outfits a lot of creative and thoughtful and flowers and this gift is gonna last a lifetime so call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear council will help you take a bear just for her so she'll know you put some real thought into your gift this year you won't believe the great reaction you're gonna get and ordering out as quick and easy to call this tool free number 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermontedabird.com this year's tech mom for all she does for you when they've Vermontedabird called tool free 1-800-829-B-E-A-R you fudge back in introducing a medication that targets my grain pain where it starts actually changing the way the nerve functions stopping stopping stopping the pain dead in its tracks ask your doctor about new tri-zolamine alpheta hydrosopropens i-trinamin diasopropenidoxalan tri-piproposupa HC tri-zolamine alpheta hydrosopropens i-trinamin diasopropenidoxalanprosupa HC contains citrine diacoprene dilidamine the most powerful medication you can buy so when migraine pains strike reach for new tri-zolamine alpheta hydrosopropens i-trinamin diasopropenidoxalan tri-piproposupa HC warning if you're currently taking any medication containing ultramoxalanamin diaphen or minis for solum hydrocontradulant it's recommended that you do not take try zolamine alpheta hydrosopropenidoxalan tri-piproposupa HC ask for it okay 132.5.16 now how come we don't have log camiter or publicans on that pool a little Hitler. I don't know. Hey Eric I guess why should he be different from anything else today he's not working either. What did I say I said let's get that on there immediately log camiter Republicans did you jossillin did you poke him in a rib? Did you have to find one? Didn't put it on there. 197 votes most pathetic creatures sports talk rubies 48 autograph hounds 41 top show chronic 37 big fat slabs 35 people a watch golf 27 computer nerds eight people of play golf one but people who watch golf 27 okay we'll get log camiter and publicans on it we got to do a break yeah what do you land about and we're still going to be behind right 1033 I don't apologize to anybody I got worked up in a frenzy I don't care if the audience out there doesn't care if you're a bunch of thunderheads I nothing I can do about that okay but this this today what we saw in a way a journalism in south for this is scandalous this is a major god damn story it's the largest place in America so far that's past this kind of resolution but somehow neither one of your local newspapers decided it's important enough to put in their on news pages today I would just love to physically go through both those papers and find all the soil that they found room to put in there but they didn't have room to put that in there here's something good some great deal from our friends Tom Lamin and Joe Pareto and Helipadi XMC some great deal deals here's Neil deal number one waiting for your right now at Helip kids 0% financing for 60 months in every potty acrogium cn stock Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate and every new GMC and potty act in stock let me say it again because it sounds too good to be true but it ain't get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck and stock and Neil deal number three if you're currently a GMC smart racer smart by customer and you'd grab a Chevy Blazer old's Garbatoor GMC Jimmy by or lease in Upaniacrogium C and get you $7,000 off the price stop by Helipin test drive the all new and powerful potty acrohan pre Halipadi XMC you'll find it at 1.341 South Tixi Highway that's US want to cross from the fault they're like a landmark in South David and there for over 35 years open every day seven days a week for more information on the Neil deals cover Neil deal hotline toll free 1 triple 8 5342 11 that's one triple 8 5342 11 and don't forget all Neil deals submitted to credit approval CD therefore details Halipadi at GMC believe it when they say we are professional great it's paper piss me out to a racie brothers growing up in the rac期 land who say tics pop up is that's a guy who dare your heart says to me with your women and cars who says it's back to Lexus start for the moment thinks about his route business and his country's regime well you know who day we ought to run off through the math who they say who says that's a good place to be saying oh yeah all I prove on long after the trail of their punk of arms oh yeah all I prove on even yes from now the world where we have gone living in a rock that's the whole but we're gonna leave up We're a food and crusade and we're most wanted man Little bit it I'm a food and crusade To a rocky brother's growing up in the rocky land 1039 21 before 11 at 5 60 on a really f-dup wins the year but it's one of them things we got our big new to one hour today. Thank you Good Lord. Thank goodness for that. We never survive it And I'll be along a one hand get the three to six thirty and then we get the Marlon game giant to the Marlins at PB park for game number two They lost four two last nine to Marlins, but what can I tell you? At least their consistent etiquette follows the baseball game and Joe and Mark in the dark overnight two to six and then of course in the morning It's Molyn Geldy back to start it all over again Our group post personal buddy the mole myster. Remember him who? So duck brought in both papers And and I'm scouring them almost all the way through the Sun Sentinel and still nothing I mean, I do only one who finds this road test in nauseating See if I actually had that paper. Well, I got the national post. That's worth puking in There you go. I got that right here. I'm gonna here we go Okay, and I just pretended it was the Sun Sentinel in a hero Nothing Nothing yeah, lots about Mary Mollofon and we already we're on to her, but it's really interesting though that her supporters are gonna have plenty of plenty of fuel To add to their case because the worthy obsession that the immediate has with Mary Mollofon down there is just a little bit How come they're not equally concerned in Palm Beach County with the resulapor for example? Or with Katherine Harris who's the tuba Zeno being conversely or whatever it else she is Don't forget our cock couple's contest. You just emailed me another picture, but I couldn't get it. I couldn't get it to a download. Okay I'm just telling you was it something I missed There might have been two on that one There were two there were two because the first one one of the two is has an error on it. I had the same problem with Geez, you see I listen of all days don't miss with me today. Okay, I'm a computer I'm not Mr. Computer wizard like you are Hitler, so don't uh I'm I'm just just Hitler okay. I don't have time for a little Hitler should I check that local section again because I shouldn't see it the first time I had to check scour it and see how really careful here. Don't forget log out in the arrogies.com email us you have picked your yourselves on you couples out there with your significant other and You've got till May 15th the week from tomorrow at any of your pictures and then that week from the 15th to the 22nd will have all the pictures up there and the audience can vote on who they think is the hottest couple of them all And then at the end of the 22nd couple of most votes wins Three day to night stay for two at the Royal Oasis Resort and Casino in the Bahamas including round trip parapher on Lake Array and second prize The runner up gets dinner for two at the pizza law What's what's not to like right right? 1042 at 560 WQM lots of calls about that movie happiness too. You know said oh no That's okay. We already got I already learned my lesson on at the first few days we talked about this I'm not if they want to call fine if not that's all right too, but thanks whoever called that went in and a lot of other good movies too I got them all in the other room. I got the game. I got the what's the one plenty a guinea glynn and gini a giri Rory's Ross whatever that is I Got the one with Ethan Hawk what's that one? They got a gettica Yeah, he's yelling gettica 1042 at QA and hit don't forget I'm others day is just right a quarter just a few days away a perfect time to repay mom who spent so many sleepless nights praying and hoping in up all night That you might just come back home Battle mattress is got the perfect mattress for your mom if it's sagging lumpy or just worn out and your mattress too Then pick up the phone and call 1-800 mattress That's what I always do and it works That's the number for dialing my crystal hook you up with the best soda See the king coil and Simmons exactly the one you're looking for is in stock ready for immediate delivery You don't want mom sleep on something saggy lumpy that you wouldn't put your ass on I don't blame her Nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel every day they're getting a great night sleep Dottom mattress gets more repeat referral customers than anybody I tell you this all the time because it's true And the reason that's the cases because they know how to treat their customers right once you buy mattress and dial I'm at risk you'll never ever go back to wasting your time money and effort in a show or again And don't forget when you buy a mattress and dial them at first they set up the new one and take away the crappy old vetting for free That's correct dialing mattress sets up your brand new one and takes away the soil nasty stained old vetting for free So this mother's day have mommy sleeping like a baby on a new bed from dialing mattress And not forget gifts gifts are to get to be able to have all the nominations to so call right now toll free 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S That's 1-800 mattress for dialing mattress the intelligent way to get you a great night sleep Off we go up this instant We'll go back to the highly rated and mo-hallen and David into the show I'm holding to my own navigation. Okay stupid worry. You with the ring it Oh, you were doing that to me. Oh, yeah, sorry, I'm out. Oh, that's better Oh I didn't see you could play that. Okay Run day now you And I might want you Run day He's up with you Come for grip We got one of our three very important coolers on the line him. We two a young lady. I want You Come on spit it out Okay, I think you say it what do you do That's quite understandable why I sometimes Oh 10-40 so that's not that like one of the scenes from happiness So I don't know if you just checked your um back some machines No, and thank you to the caller that told me where to find this thing or I wouldn't have you wouldn't have found this thing Nothing has come across when you just slow down But I understand you're all whipped up into a frenzy nothing has come across my Spacts machine since we last spoke before the break I say well, but I speak in the break. What a great job Neil. Oh good. Thank you. What do you go ahead? This is even more scandalous than if they had not printed it when you see how it is varied inside the body of another story Inside a listing of things that happened during the meeting as if it were an afterthought You'll see it it's part of the olifant story. Oh my god all part of the olifant story because Miriam olifant you don't understand super seeds over and above everything else that's going on in South Florida right It's definitely in the middle of the story. They have the in other action the county commission and then they have like Stugged you know real little blur asking where is it is it coming like by the pony that he breakdown my mother way to my fact sending page one over here sending Yeah, I started it. No, we can't have no yawning. I don't hear nothing Like maybe it's got intercepted in between you think Maybe it's part of the paper deck that you're not allowed to send me anything so subversive across the border Maybe customs you picked it off Let me take a look here. It says if it's a see if it's a doing it still Sunday Are we see even though It's receiving you just slowed on little because it was so dismayed from the abad. No, yeah, keep playing that thing from Requiem for a dream. I'm gonna watch that again today. You know, I have to you have to I have the need to watch that again Oh my god Sarah Goldfarb. I need to see old Sarah need to hook up with Sarah again Did they and also with Jared Lido? I like to hook up with him. Lie are you on something mom? Put grind in your teeth, ma. Here it is. Thank you. Kill a music County planning to reject all a fans budget request now. This is on page something B Which is the local section inside the Sun Sentinel and it's got the county commission It's got like a little rundown inside the big story about Mary of all of that And the third thing another action approved by solution urging Congress to closely monitor the federal government's use of the USA Pinky deck the resolution also asked federal enforcement agency to disclose the names of any detainees suspected terrorism That's it that's it that's it. That's all you got You know something seriously some of you people at the Sun Sentinel ought to be in jail right now Okay, in fact I'm gonna call my contacts in a White House I'm gonna call Miss Fudge. I'm gonna call everybody. I know in a world I'm gonna get you people out your ass in jail Because you're a goddamn disgrace to the human race bearing a story like that This has been every ever I just can't speechless every other place. It's been including Poledok towns right here is the biggest place a county of 2 million people That passes this resolution and we can't wait then nobody's gonna see that if a word for this program nobody would know about it So again, I think that guy what that was name Randy. Yes, thanks Randy For the efforts in getting this thing through in a first place and secondly and bring it to our attention even though we poo pooed it in a First and now does anybody wonder why I failed to believe this huh? I found it a little bit hard to believe When they bury it and I got the impaged when nobody is gonna find it It is so hard to believe That even two newspapers that even a fish don't want to be wrapped in that even a bird doesn't want to do its droppings on in the cage Even two papers that bad that could be so ineptage is dropped the ball on this And I think he's right. I think that they just thought they want us be seen as ghost step We're right in a line. They don't want to alienate anybody. He has said especially certain people that I want to mention no name Right that crowd With anything that's perceived as bush bashing or not ghost stepping along I do have that story which I think I'm gonna use in the next hour Showed on with the FCC the one from Tompain.com Because that's coming up real soon less than I'm up the way now it's you in the second when it give away when the Michael Powell gives away the keys to the kingdom to cheap channel I got news for your boys and girls you ought to kiss the radio right now not patting myself on the back But they're only a handful of us Wow A handful you could count on a fingers of one hand of voices that are doing anything to try to get you any information at the isn't just the party line And that's why just like I said the New York Times and other piece of crap What they have done to the city that I'm sitting in right now what they've done to Toronto and that's why this all these wild Sars stories really pissed me off because they got a major crisis in China There's no question about that a major and why do they have a major crisis because those communist is over there? They hid it in the first place. They lied They tried to pretend that if they lied about it would just go away and And then they've supported it But the fact of the matter is here in Toronto. They're not even talking about it anymore for the most part It's not a problem here now and The New York Times every time the delineated Ireland that she really have SARS Oh, no, she never was even really in Toronto come to find out the kid over there in Lakeland that he have SARS Oh, did the three guys in Vegas did they have SARS? No, and The New York Times and everybody else it seems the more hysterical stories they are the more they want to like splice And then I had lines and put this crap out there So the public can be like a bunch of little George Corso's in Miguel It's a Maria's whatever his name is Runnin' our eskabars Sounds like a drug dealer to me The kind of people we got when I went on one gen name Hitler another guy named Eskabar what was that tell you about QM Huh, because you better watch yourself I think But watch who you pissed off an act joint So 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line here's Miami hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes, New York Good morning. Good morning I mentioned that you Talk about your lead. Oh, he's in a movie called panic room with Jodie Foster Okay, and you might enjoy that he's gonna flake you in that kind of the edge also another point I want to make you it's me and you and my wife and a couple of you I know the only people that are outraged But we're going on I don't understand why people have an ugly evidently I mean I've always said that software is law law land, but but to try to find people that are just really pissed off about this stuff and just And like they got a call maybe for well, you know We got to give up some of our freedom to find a way to fight terrorism. What kind of crap is that? No, I mean it's it's the YR people out screaming in the streets and smashing their television Such and they're right But I'm gonna give you a great example of how the American people have been so conditioned to being a bunch of weak sisters I said after this scandal started breaking with Enron and global crossings all these other Bowess investment skills. I said I don't understand why there isn't revolution in the streets I mean people have lost their life savings people who are gonna be tyranny or to have lost their entire life savings They're gonna have to work into like croak to try to eat out an existence and yet there's no like mass hysteria There's nobody pissed off. There's nobody organized. I don't get it I'm actually being 70 or 68 or 70 years old work all your life you and your wife You got your plans made for retirement when a bag or whatever You know go spend the last couple years your life doing something you want to do right Suddenly you you check out and you ain't got to die and there's no one this response will recover before I mean what do these people do? I mean guy, you know that got I'm a little bit I'm young enough to be able to get you know continue working somebody to get you some years old You work the same place all your life. That's all you know. You can't go out You know ready for the marketplace right well anyway Thanks Dylan and keep up the good work and someone else please get our raises is ridiculous Thanks, pal. Thank you, buddy. Okay. We're pissed off man a few of us not too many the masses out there If maneuver like that, but so few of us Right a few of us and arrest of the people you know they're still worried about the early bird and the house Seemard doing and all the other usual crap What what am I gonna do? I'm this on this radio station am I gonna make a different? No, I'm gonna say something What's the point just get back to your silly movies and your fun games and your hot couples contest. You cut the crap. That's right Quit losing uh, you know I guess we're supposed to talk about the Boston Globe column is hit by news paper with suspension for saying that the the the Jocks wife ought to be slapped Jason kid somebody near the smacker. I heard Morgan all whipped up and and I haven't only when mole worked in Boston He must have known this guy Bob Ryan. I never heard a Bob Ryan And I lived in Boston for two years, but I guess that's before he wrote for the globe. That's a long time ago back in early 60s But I never heard a Bob Ryan. I couldn't give a flying crap less about Bob Ryan. What does he have to do with my life for the price of peanuts What does he have to do with anything? You know Bob Ryan who? I know Frank Ryan used to play quarterback for the Cleveland Browns Well, number 13. I know a little bit about sports, but I sure tell them oh Bob Ryan and according to mole if you don't know Bob Ryan He must be stupid. Well I guess I'm stupid Now here's the Randy facts this this Yeah, the right it's just a copy the resolution which I have thanks Randy good work by the way But to see them bury this the way that they did seriously there somebody ought to be calling you people ought to be on a phone right now Would a son sent on the Miami Hill wondering how to ask and demanding know how come they're managing the news the way they are If they've been bought and sold lock stock and pearl by the guy they're pushing administration Why they're goose stepping in line and not reporting the real news that's what you people ought to be demanding to know Jesus Christ and Joseph and Mary and Moses and Saul. That's all I can say just amazing to me How how five million four million whatever it is in South Florida can just but yeah again I shouldn't pick on them because like I said the American public is just like she and That's exactly what they've counted on you keep people ignorant keep them on educated make sure the education systems things Make sure people are at the most of their time just trying to survive to try to escape our few nickels together Why do you continue to give in more big test cuts to the riches your rich friends and your corporate pals that put you in power in the first place Like I've told you before, man, you're all about your crooks and we're just you know, we're like all the Guppy swimming upstream 1057 at five 60 W to QA I can't believe that brand these has been around as long just the almost as long as I have in this town I believe me I know it when you're survivor for over 25 years in town You must be doing something you must be a real survivor anyway Brandease has been around like I said over 25 years offering you a fantastic unbeatable selection of men's and women's famous brand Choose including rock ports echoes the fisso timbreland Clark's S.A.S. floor shaman lots more and one of the reason people love the Shopping at brandeases because they've got such a great Selection they got all the sizes men sized to fix 15 women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very wide and With over 40,000 pair of shoes and stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store You can bet your edges life on it and Hitler as well That whatever you're looking for they got it and stock in your size brandease You'll find them at 12 90 North Enderville Highway in Papua, but it'll be just the rope and daily 9 9 every Sunday 10 to 5 and again this week Special sale for it brandies like there is every week, but this one's been carried over a second week a Select group a women's style naturalizes on special sale at brandies this week take 20 to 60% off the mega device So stop and a visit brandies on their website if you like it brandies shoes dot com What後 R人's dumb as jerk The promo D Questions We count the vote countable, all count the vote countable, all count the vote count the vote, all count the vote, all of a sudden this presidential respect, live up in wonder who was going to win. Some Palm Beach people went to do their voting chore. The council count up all the ballots and find out who's got more. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just give their votes to Patrick Buchanan. So I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. The election. The election. The council vote, the council vote, the council vote, count the vote, all of a sudden this election. The council vote, the council vote, all of a sudden this election. The final tabulation started coming in. Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10. Some may we keep all the people all together in a bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know which all the punch. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just give their votes to Patrick Buchanan. So I'd like to know who won the election. The election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. The council vote, the council vote, the council vote, count the vote, the council vote, the council vote, count the vote, the council vote, the council vote, count the vote, the council vote, the council vote, count the vote, the council vote, the council vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, the council vote, count the vote, the council vote, the council vote, You know, I'm thinking that's the the state of Florida surface from cancer of the penis, Sheila. Yeah, you think that's possible? Is that what the brain is? It's got to be something really, really wrong in this state. Yeah, we're going to be so that. And somebody just passes me some really depressing information. Wasn't bad enough? We got OJ. And our Michael Jackson's been looking to the divine. We look ahead and Florida. All the sludge finds its way to South Florida. And now who's, you see this? He looked at this. Yeah, I know. I know the right. The sludge or misfudge depending on what we're cornered today is now living on Collins, Avenue. But a condo for 575 grand. Somebody's subsidizing that creep. I'll tell you that right now. That self-hating right wing creep. Sellers, Andrew of glands. This is in the, this is public information. It's in the newspaper buyers on a market or whatever. Biomisc grudge or misfogences. At 63 or one Collins Avenue on Miami Beach. Isn't that disgusting, huh? Describe more misinformation and bullcraft and right wing propaganda. Maybe he can conserve what is good post-brand and quarter there, huh? Maybe the two of them. It'll be interesting to see if we ever see the two of them at the same time. You know, it's like Clark Kent and Superman. Maybe when he takes off the hat he turns into an encoder. You think that could be it? Oh my God, misfudge who the hell are you kidding man? Walmart banishes body magazines. Here's some good stuff that you give you an idea. As the beat goes on, your good close personal friends at Walmart. Yeah. And speaking of our, but I'm not going to call him Hitler anymore. That's disgusting. He never boys too good. But. Walmart banishes body magazines. Walmart store said it's not telling men's magazines. Maxim, stuff and FHM because the retail chain is received complaints from customers about their Racy content. A Walmart spokesman told the New York Times that the company made the decision after listening to our customers and associates. I know we've heard on at least one of these magazines that they're not going to be. Walmart has sold Maxim for the past few years and recently added FHM the paper reported. The Times, which I think the Times have a leave less in that was in there than in the Harold even. The Times said the company standards in the magazines content haven't changed, but the firm has been under pressure from Christian groups in the past for its sale of certain magazines. And of course we know that Walmart and those Christian groups glue steps together. Isn't that great? Yeah. What is the price? Been under pressure from Christian groups in the past for its sale of certain magazines in the past Walmart refused to sell CDs and carry warning labels about explicit lyrics. Instead, the store sells sanitized version of albums with some songs omitted or covers redrawn to pass mustard with the chains buyers the paper added. Oh, we don't want to offend anybody. The Benville Arkansas based companies also declined to sell particular issues of some magazines including these September 2001 issue of in-style that featured an artfully arranged nude photo of the actress Kate Hudson the Times had citing magazine industry executives. Oh, we don't want to see no nude photos of Kate Hudson. No. Or Rock Hudson. Or Henry Hudson. Or Ray Hudson. Or Hudson Bay. You said maybe if they had pictures or Ray Hudson, what do you think? That might. Anyone opposed in Walmart. She's Ray Hudson. Miami fusions had courts and I love the queen of so-flared and Neil Rogers should be in booking in palace but we'll keep him here. Last year Walmart even took her steps to a single photo when a compilation of sports illustrated swimsuit issues and decided not to sell the issue. How do you like that? A little bit too racy too much teeny there man. I think we saw a nipple. It looked like a nipple. Well, it's very reassuring. Now that I know that it's safe to go back into Walmart. Maxim has the, well of course don't forget the gun. Maxim has the largest circulation out of the three with the average circulation on the second half of last year, two and a half million. And Yadiyadiyati. A highly lucrative stream according to the newspaper. But Steven Kulven, president of Dennis publishing USA, which owns maximum stuff till the times that Walmart only accounts for less than 3% of his company sales in new stands. Small potatoes, what he said. So, FM. That's what he said FM's embellished junior school. Who are the most pathetic creatures we're asking on our poll today? Sports Talk Groupy 66. This was a tough choice. 314 votes. Big fat slob 60. Autograph Hounds 54. Oh can I please have you. See I understand that for little kids. Okay, we're talking about adults. We're talking about adults who want somebody's autograph because they feel their life is so meaningless. Autograph Hounds 54. Talk show chronic 51. I think that's what I voted for. Me too. People who watch golf 40. Long Canada Republicans, which was a very, very late edition. And Erica apologizes profusely for Dragon's feet so long on that. You could have couldn't you feel it? He was Dragon's feet Orlando and the shock was all the way down there in South Florida. Long Canada Republicans 31. Computer nerds nine and people who play golf only three. So that's the way it's laying out. Wednesday, maybe we got our big noon to one hour coming up. We're just going to make up a bunch of stories. I think that's what we're going to start doing. I'll just make up stuff. If it's good enough for cheap channel, we'll do it. Right. And Fox. And Fox went to court. And they won. Right. Fox news went to court and they won. We had that story on a couple months ago. They can make stuff up. And there's there's nothing to say that they can't just make up stories. Right. Look at this phone. Is this active or what? How have we got this crowd whipped up? I was so whipped up. I went 25 minutes past a break for the first time ever in the history of my life. All these years on a year. And the son is the boom. Well, I'm sure they're busy calling the son Sentinel. That's why you're right. Here's my me, B. Chilo. That's it. Here's Delray B. You're last one. Hello. Oh, thank God. Man, this is unbelievable. I checked today's Palm Beach edition of the Sunset. No, and there was absolutely nothing. I checked the old fun stories. Like George did. Nothing. Some were more media. I'm, well, that was a loss here. Yeah. This is unbelievable. This is a state that has no evidence. Clean up at all by the people of polluted. The F. Cat test or just. And you know why they do it? And they do it because they can get away with it because nobody here is because the average age is death. And all they care about is the notch and getting the early bird dinners and getting whatever this casino discounts. I can't, nobody else gives a crap about anything. Believe me. I know I live in West Delray. Hi, V. Oh, you're strong. Oh, wow. I'm like, you and my girlfriend are the only young people live out here. And when there's any old people, when we're walking and old people drive by, they will stop and stare at us. Like, we are from bars. I am not gay. It is unbelievable. And I have a movie to recommend for you. Okay. A movie called Gift. It is not the one that was mainstream movie. It was directed by Peripheral from the band James Addiction. And if it sounds a lot like what you describe, record him for dream as. Right. It makes you never want to touch any drug if you're a 10. Do you ever see happiness? No, no. I've got that on my list to check out. It's panic. It's just there. I mean, it's parts of it are very depressing. Kind of kind of like, like, really, in for a dream, but it's panic. Ah, definitely, but check that. I have a book recommendation for you. Something that I'm sure a lot of your clients doesn't do. Actually, too, what called Jews from Buchanan. Okay. Do you have any of you says your book? It is as I swear to Neil God. It is absolutely true name of this book. Who's the author? I saw man. I do not remember. I saw it when I lived in Chicago. And they had it up there. It should be everywhere. And stuff. It should be, I believe, the humor section. And another book I found in the humor section that was brilliant was by Paul Begala, and was called It's still the economy stupid. And it lays out everything about how he helped Bill Clinton turn on the economy from Reagan Bush. And now he helped small businesses. I only read about 40 pages of it when I was in the bookstore. And I said, I have to get this book. It's just brilliant. And it's like believe I've seen this book. And you're done. Okay, pal. Three papers. He's closing. I have free papers to your poll. I hate free papers. They are the stupidest people in the space. They are the stupidest people in the space. I have no idea. I'm so glad you mentioned that. Thanks. No problem. Okay. Free for this guy. He could easily take this up to three 30 to a second. I'm not too any breaks. But he would head some good stuff. Free for his ought to be honored too. Now, being a boy, I want to make sure that we don't get air. Of course, we don't get air. We don't get air. We don't get air. Because he likes putting that message on there. Every time we put anything on it has to do with bush or politics, we always have to put that little message on. Feel free to free bar pool and then you help support our gigenda to real the number. Whatever that says, it's cute with a pink background. No less. You got it? Peanut boy? Free for is? Yeah. Cepers? Creepers. Don't forget the free. Fominance pass eleven to five sixty. W to Q a man? Look at that five. Is this audience worked up? No. There's this same crowd. What am I am I? I must be doing drugs, you know? I'm gonna see Sarah Goldfarber after the show. I really am gonna get some greens and some food and some portals and some oranges. Now I'm gonna go see Sarah. She's got she's got lots of laying around. You know talk is cheap. It's easy to throw on a lot of appealing low numbers but when it comes right down what what can you really get refinanced at? 5% 4% what do you think? How about something better than that? How about 2.45% with a financial group? That's right. With interest rates of only 2.45% this is really your best bet and it's rock solid. So often anger group and find out a boot at 1-800-9-4-0-n-d interest rates are at all time low so why not refinance your homer buy you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing. A 2.45% financing rate with an ancho group. And let me tell you again what that rate will do to your monthly payments if you have a 200,000 alone. You pay only 700-86 bucks a month. If you have a 100,000 alone pay only 393 bucks a month. Get yourself 2.45% financing from financial group. Call today 1-800-9-4-0-n that's 1-800-9-4-0-n-d they're an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly. 5.34 APR. Oh, push it to Saudi butt. Here. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. Go. Jamie said lay off the bed like that. He brought him best vacation to win and they were getting too close through the towel headed. But he got the Texas for a barbecue again. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. If they told it, they switched to a separate retired. 3,000 likes will never be a bench. Push you play squash, pucky. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. Push it to Saudi butt. It's 11-17-560 WCM, a couple of taxes. One last suggestion for what we've said LIE long on our spurs. That's the only way I couldn't find, by the way. You might like a two-mama-tombian, a good-muxie can move about a road trip of two-horny-17 year-old boys and an older woman. It's sexually exposed so we should get the unweighted and subtitle version. You should never problem finding it. You two-mama-tombian. I've seen it floating around the cable. I've been avoiding it because it's about two Mexican boys. It's critically acclaimed. And an older woman. How much older? It's critically acclaimed is what being a boy just said. It's an idea. It says you're absolutely right about happiness. The ending is the best. Which makes me think that's a great pull too. We ought to do some day. What movie of all time had the best ending? Mm-hmm. Isn't that a good pull? Sure. And I think happiness when you see it. Ha ha ha! Oh my god, when you just watch the last 60 seconds of it, you will guarantee a drop all sorts of things in your pants. Here's Josh and Dallas says I find it odd that the liberals are not going crazy over the bill but it deal. All the liberals aren't a class that I guess they're hiding somewhere. Josh. It says you know that if the rules were reversed, the conservatives would be throwing a hissy fit. Perhaps it's because that instead of pontificating about being wholeier than now, you understand that humans are fallible, that human nature leads us into directions that may not agree with somebody else's ideology. It's funny that someone so virtuous is a degenerate gambler but understand that people can't be perfect so I don't want to scalp in Prismist's takes. It's his life. Let him live it the way he wants. Consider the stand behind a Bible which says to forgive him forget, but they never do one as your part of their team says Josh. I don't support him at all because he's a big fat, fat, faced, finger pointing, hypocritical trouble. What he is. Just like all of you right wingers, every one of these enemies say right wingers, I'm talking about what a universe actually what I mean. Yeah, I know. And by the way, this regal has nothing to do with the end word. Okay. The try to make a comparison there is really stupid idiotic. Then it came out and said that he's gambled his last. Yeah, well, I know that. Why is that? Why is that? He only ever gambled no molar. He's getting cut off. That's what she said. He again. Anybody believe it? Oh, that's what Pete wrote said to I think no more gambling. I think that's what he told me at Pompano Park that night just to be for a went to Gulf Stream the next day. Would I big stack a hundred dollar bills and out in front on the table to impress everybody? Or an impressed Pete not in the least bit. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. That's our big ones. Do you know what an hour come up? Well, it feels like we've been here for hours and hours and hours. Yeah. Weeks. That rough technical start today may just really through us for a loop through me anyway. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I'm not quite sure if these people do it for you but these people are just really an army. The grown start track groupies. Those people just make me want to vomit. And also the grown guys collect comment books also. Take your pick on these and one of those too. I don't know. They probably not really making the poll. But either way those of the people that make me sick. Also channel 10 was probably the lesser of the two full gestures they with all the migraine information. I mean NBC and channel 4 which is participating in a rough thing of pre-intention. The weather pre-intention is for it's and everything just to cover that. Channel 10 was probably the best. They at least try to keep most of their program in together. I give you the best piece of news for me and that is on the news here on in Toronto there wasn't one story on it. Which I could be there now even with the low notes on it. I'll stick to take care. Okay, pal. See you tomorrow. Bye bye. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Verizon line who are the most pathetic creatures sports talk group E74. Big fat slob 66. Autograph pounds 59. Top show chronic 54. Log cabin or publicans is zooming up out of 355 votes is 45 already. After a very late start people who watch call 43. Computer nerds 11 people who play golf 3 and freepers went on there but don't have any yet. Jeepers creepers come on. Give them freepers. Talk about having no life. Hmm. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Very important. I'm sorry. It ends in an invoice. Yes, ma'am. I'm one of your daily listeners. Okay. I don't have access to a fact machine today because I'm home but I've got an article on a website that you will love. It's you, the letter you express.com slash, head, to ed, r, a, l. It's a premise on if Gore had been elected president and proceeded to do all the things that Bush did. It's a great article. And the other one for you is rotten tomatoes.com. Great movie sites. It's great. So it gives a nice synopsis of all the movies and rates. Yeah, I think I've seen that one. Yeah, I think it's a pretty good site. Did you see a happiness? No, I haven't. I've got that written down. I'm writing down all of the, the one you're recommending. Have an extra set of depends for the last scene. Oh, I will do an about the tissues. Okay. Thanks. Bye bye. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Many, many open lines. That phone is like spastic to you know ever since course, those screwed up our whole phone system. You know, I remember those days not too long ago when we hit like a real fat tubby engineer who was a good guy used to come in here and keep everything poor and right along. Now we got these guys, you know. We got these guys with their duct tape and this queen. And I got news for a course of this queen. I do have to be about the technical competence I'm seeing today. Speak of the this queen. Here's my email. Neil, God. Yes, sir. I worry. Okay. Listen, I look around and it's true. It's a man. Two years ago, everybody wanted to teach because our Clinton had a blow job and all this bread. Right. Right. This clown that we have here invasions, other country. Right. All right. All right. Every time he found a microphone on the point, he said, What does the mass destruction kill millions of millions of millions. They haven't found one grenade with the flu on it. Okay. Right. And no one is outraged. No one is outraged about this. No, they're manipulating the mass media. They're conducting the whole thing like a big patriotic pepper alley. They're waving the American flag. They're wrapping themselves in a flag. And they realized that most people are too stupid to understand or too busy. Occupied or do anything about it. And as a result, the polls, almost 70% approval. I'd like to know who those 70% of the people are because I never hear of. Blackers, I never hear. I meet one of them. And you know, this is crazy. They invaded another country on the false pretence. And then, and then I'm a minority. I'm not a dark guy. I'm a spick like George. But still, I'm a minority. They got two clowns, Colin Powells and Kondalisa. And they used them up there. They were also weapons from that destruction. They haven't found out. And they should be ordering. They should be quitting. They should be sending the government as a shame. Because they put them in the front there for the minorities to believe all the junk. They're doing the other day. They're calling. They're calling out. They're not insane. Hey, you know, they tricked us. They haven't found one. Got them. Rock it or anything there. They're still kissing that guy. You know? He stood right up there in front of the UN. He had all the maps. And he knew exactly where this was. And that was. And at the same time, where the hell are they? And then, and I have read a couple articles asking that same question. Nobody cares. Nobody cares. I don't get it. Yeah. They want to impeach a pretentious United States. We'll get it in a blow job. I don't get this. You know. If you ever wonder how Hitler managed to mesmerize the German people and get everybody to goose step along. I think now you're getting a real good lesson. I mean, I had a real good teacher in high school. He always used to say, masses are stupid to tell you know, one problem. When you manipulate the masses and it's true, I really believe it's true. You know, it's Bush senior. He invaded another country Panama because the Panama can't out. They were going to let whatever, whatever the hell the Panama government. He shook a machete. He shook a machete. He shook a machete. So they went into another country. Then, and invaded that country and took the government up. You know, what the hell is going on with this? See at the border man, hang out of that passport and visa. Jesus Christ man. In him too. Yeah, we had a few people out there pissed off and frustrated and fired up. That's going to get a few not too many. How many things we got? About 30 minutes. That's a start. You know, probably the first revolution ever started with about 30. And then it grew like topsi, you know. They grew like. Yeah, grew some like good job treatment. 26 passed 11 at 5. 60. WC. This could be the longest day of my life. I don't know. What is it? It's a horrible start. And the phone was all screwed. If anybody tuned it late today, good. The choice. Oh, brother. And then we had them. We had this story. And thanks for having me. He was person he persevered. You know, Randy? Right. What that story about the broader countermeas. We're passing the resolution. He is our hero. He's my hero today. And again, I feel really bad. I apologize twice, but I'll do it again. We're not part of taking his word. But how can you believe somebody when you're scouring on what's a very, even a child will know that that's an important story. And an area like Howard County, it's the biggest area by far. That was the resolution like that. If that color had been called, I wouldn't have found it after I was twice through. You have to get a guy named Search Party in the Palomar telescope to find that thing in the Sun Sentinel. You people of the Sun Sentinel, I'll tell you right now. You suck. Your whole goddamn newspaper sucks. You're a first. You're going to scratch the Howard County, okay? Wow. Right. She ought to be the guy named me, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, Howard County. That's right. What do you think about the ultimatum office? An embokin be the uh, mechaniba... the first lady, the lady in waiting. 27, abdomen and 560 WPM, let me take you about a great product, this little下次 then. Aurio made soft heel capsule. I'm still waiting for my mind, by the way, skipping, I'm waiting for my shipment. And the discussion to continue. Don't forget on comments from all around the world, It's loaded with all kinds of health benefits for you. Audio made in your post every day can up-reduce the risk of heart disease, not cholesterol, and don't forget there are 14 different audio made formulas from which to choose. Each one combining the finest olive oil you'll see anywhere in the universe with vitamins, minerals and herbal system for specific parts of your health. From your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system. All you do is just choose the formulas that are right for you. And now there are three new audio made formulas. One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and cell Q10 for your heart. Make up some audio made today. It's just about everybody you shop. Pick it up at publics, records, wall greens, whole food markets, Navarro's and Sedano's order it online if you like audiomedamerica.com. If you want more information about their products and the amazing things they can help you with your health, call tool-free 1-866-Oleomit. That's 1-866-6536-3633-Nope again for better health-stair-feet-limb-e-r-almost right away. With some audio made in your post today. And three-part and a hand-width. Go to the top of the wall, and TV. He's president of the f***er. Republic and muscle, and in our opinion, it is. I don't know why. They won't want to die, but not easy to do. There's no direct for you. With president of f***er. You're a f***er. Oh, what I could do is go for some fun. And get to we go for the fun. Here you are, best. Don't go for the lips, drunken, stupid. Don't go for the lips, drunken, stupid. Don't go for the lips, drunken, stupid. Lumber than me. He's president of f***er. Yeah, don't care what it's all. You got him in by the front door of the Christian's right. No one less than you and I will help all future. We've got a great leader here. With president of f***er. With president of f***er. With president of f***er. You know, this is really, this is the bitter end of me. I'm just checking the email because maybe you might have emailed me something important. And here is a, in fact, I'm going to read it verbatim. Oh, man. Oh, man. I know you hate him, but would you like someone to announce you address on a radio? Everybody in their brother knows where I live. Okay? Everybody in the world knows where I live. It's no dark secret in addition, which this is in the newspaper number one. He's talking about Miss Fudge. And number two, it's a high rise. There's any billion people living at building. Okay. It's in the newspaper. It's not a deep dark secret. It's in the newspaper. What is name attached to it? I mean, there is, see, I look, at this point, I just disassociate myself at that crowd. I'm just, sorry. Have a nice life. That's all I can tell you. I mean, when you know somebody, I don't care. And I don't know anybody who's perfect you. No. Well, we may know somebody that you like a lot who's a good friend. There's nobody who's beyond reproach who's beyond criticism. But in this particular case, there's such a morbid obnoxious fascination. I have no idea what to deal is there. I don't know what's other than hat. I don't know. But I just, I just disassociate myself officially at this point. I just, well, I understand myself in that direction anymore. Oh, man. Yeah, oh, man is right. Do you have it arrest already, okay? And if you do have any kind of principles whatsoever, when this guy's constantly the hitman for the right ring, spewing all their propaganda, you know, he doesn't have to put any homophobic articles on his website. All he's got to do is support the people who do. Who do spew that crap? And he does. Like I said the other day, he's the next David Brock. He's across between David Brock pre his awakening and culture. And I am so sick and terribly a fudge fascination there. I mean, you know, a lot of people like fudge. You know what I mean? Right. Fudge is that frost my ass. Anyway, let me get off of that. I'm not even going to waste that time. Responded. No, seriously. I mean, it just, just as an iron. Like I have to get like lectured as to what I said here by somebody that I barely even know who's like, you know, see, I'll have a great life. Okay, wish you nothing but the best, but go away. Is that incredible? It's it's in the newspaper. I didn't give I like personal information. That's like some kind of a deep dark secret. If you wanted to be a secret, you don't have it where it's going to be published in the public. You can put under any name, you know, follow what I'm saying. Right. Have an association. They exactly. But be that as it may. It's just sickening. Anyway, here's the fact is that I wish I could have gotten this to you. And in addition to which I don't see any commentary about that story that wasn't, see, this is the kind of thing that people get obsessed about. Right. And I, for the life of me, I don't understand that whole fact heck, thank you much in that to me that day. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't want to know about it. I just, I'm nauseated by it. Yeah. I sure don't. I want to puke from it. I mean, I'm not saying that everybody I know that I call a friend or that I associate with agrees with me on everything, but I can't even begin to imagine myself in any way shape or form associating with somebody who is against everything that I am and I stand for and I believe it. I can't, I just couldn't do it. That's why I don't understand for example James Carval and Maria Magdalene or whatever he'll ever name his, I mean, they're married. Right. He's a, he's about as far to the left as you can get and she's about as far to the right. Let's, one of them is acted. I don't think so. I don't think anybody's echoed about it. Right. Now he's sure not acting. I just, I don't get it. But, but again, that's different people. Maybe they just are so obsessed with each other or whatever. Maybe they got some kind of like, wow, wild, hot, kinky sex, what a who knows. Maybe he's got something under his bald spot. Anyway, this should be on today's pool, the pet of people, P-E-T-A. The P-E-P-E, how do we say it? P-E-P-E-P-E-P-E-D? Oh, okay, thanks. And you want to know why this is timely and whoever fascists me doesn't even realize it. There's a story. They want a city in New York to change its name. I just read this, this just a coincidence, I read it yesterday in the newspaper. Seriously. They want a city to change, you know what city this? I remember of Buffalo, you've heard me talk about it before. It's where Buffalo Raceways located, it's called Hamburg, New York. Are you? Not Hamburg, Hamburg, I'm surprised they don't want to hear it. I guess they want Frankfurt, Germany, and Hamburg, Germany, and Hamburg, and New York. They want them to change the name. The P-D-People, people for the ethical treatment of animals. P-D-A. And I do love animals as people out there know, but nevertheless, I love them too with catch-up and steak-saws. Oh, god. I'm sorry, I am so between the technical start of this program today and this email, this was the worst email and a history of the human race. Okay, this was the all-time worst. And I don't hate misguide, I barely even know him, but I just repelled and I'm just a fin-to-be. And I'm just offended by the whole ambiance of what he does am nauseated by. I don't hate him. I don't know well enough to hate him. And I don't want to. And this business about well, he's generally never stole a freight train. You know, the same could have been said about a lot of people who did enormous amounts of damage. That's not the point. Hitler. Yeah, like I said, here I'm hearing might have been a real blasted-up party too. You know, humans could sure drink their beer. That's not the point. The point is, what is your life all about? Who do you allow to use you? What do you use your efforts to accomplish? To what ends, to what purpose, to what point? Not are you a fun guy and we're a nifty hat and QTRT-Fartsy. God, I'm just seriously, I may puke right on your head before it before one o'clock. I might just puke my guts. Holy the mic open, alright? Oh, I will. Roy! Marijuana-Cinited cell phone coverage caused such a buzz and austrated that the company selling them had to put them out of a technology fair in Sydney yesterday or today. Today, because they way have us. In more ways than one, local authorities said New South Wales State Premier Bob Car, slammed the green marijuana-motif covers as promoting drugs used to young people. Ha ha ha. A big overreaction said Robert Punch owner chief executive and founder of corporate phone covers. It's a novelty you wouldn't go and buy a big block of chocolate after smelling the chocolate one he told Roy does. Well, and certainly a vener boy wouldn't do it. Nate and China are right next to chocolate strawberry blueberry cherry and roasted and snap on covers. They are a wannabes and soul well, though only to overreteens Punched. It's selling much better than strawberry much better he said. How about if they have a strawberry-scented pot? They have flavor-birling papers. Chocolate strawberry. Coconut. I still, I'm just a week. I'm weak. I'm like El Martina when a godfather. Okay? Into your nose. You're gonna talk a minute. Fuck them all. Yeah, you're right. I better book you up just a little bit. I gotta get to that story about Bobby Burrard blast bush for a flying boy and showmanship of carrier speech. That wasn't the paper I found that. Yeah, I found it too. Ha ha ha ha. I actually got mine from CNN. Which is amazing on their website. You'll find a lot of stuff that's he and still does good, but you almost never see it on TV. Because on TV, there's still busy pantry and trying to out to MSNBC and finances the who's most patriotic and who's most American and who's most safe. Or you'll be safe. If your hair isn't safe, and he more cos it's vanish, well maybe it is safe, but maybe it's going to save place but not on your head. Here's the answer for you. Not a mouth you look at peace. Not a silly look in hat. You know, hats would out of long time. You don't want hats went out with a mob. You know, my wife's always to wear a big hat's. I don't think of it. Yeah. Yeah, lefty. He was the last guy in the last guy in the war hat that was at any credibility. I look what happened to him. Anyway, Charles off here. I give you a great look and head a hair. What is natural hair line? System is been in business for over 25 years. Working with a famous and even slupper's and everybody in between because even a millionaire is know that for all the money in the world, I can't get a better look and head a hair back. Then the natural hair line system. You take a look at it. You take a look at anybody who's got it. And you'll agree that it looks for real. Like it's grown out of your scalp as opposed to anything else. As opposed to those mouth you look in silly pieces like sand Donaldson. Whereas as opposed to the god damn musk at the dot and you had like certain people like you aim where and all the other the holes and the other things. So the choice is yours because everybody in the world now seems to be having some kind of a scan to get you your hair back. Only one really looks great. The natural hair line system from Chuck Alphairi. When you call be sure much in the arages, we'll save an extra 200 bucks off the regular price. And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all types of your system. Usually wide away from a 25 to 30 bucks. Call today get your hair back and look better and younger than you ever dreamed. You could again 1 800 3 21 24 13. 1 800 3 21 24 13. A log under their website at Charles Alphairi.com. And look all this is for 2356. 2 2 1 2 1. Criminalized pot in Florida. Yes. Yes. Secret they played on the whole. That's power. God. The kids that they don't always good. Like that song. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? Oh can you listen. I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? No. Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on how is? Don't you call me how he. There are nothings for poor nature from you. No. Go show a fessel. Okay get it. You're all fired. You've passed through with the open. You listen to me. You're fired. You're guilty that goes for you too. You're who I am. Find a king of the paradise. I came down here after losing my child. About to be a big fish. In a little part. When they kicked me off the STN, they told me Don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would buy Stimle 2000 guys. I'll re-tie. Fire. That man's feeling so low we nine. Like I'm a party. You're a fire. I hope that you've got what dives. I hope you die. I hope you all die. I'm a big fish in a little plump. See you. A big fish in a little plump. Is that a pretty old shit in your bag? I'm a big fish in a little plump. I'm a big fish in a little plump. Yeah. Oh, what? Is anybody at the one day? 5. 5. 6. The WQM after muscle investigation officer from Scotland. You are at child protection group. I've confirmed that they have not found any. Haven't found any downloaded child abuse images on rock guitar's P. Townsend computers. They added that P. Cooperated fully with the investigation and that the decision to caution was made in accordance with the MPS case disposal policy for this investigation. Townsend said from the very beginning, I know I did access this side. I'd given the police full access to all my computers as I made clear at the outset. I accessed the site because of my concerns that the shocking material readily available on the internet to children as well as adults. And as part of my research toward the campaign, I've been putting the other since 1995 to counter damage to them by all kinds of pornography on the internet, but especially any involving child abuse. And at the same time, of course, the media was raised like standing to the heart if you recall. Yes. But they didn't have the facts, but don't confuse people with the facts. Facts. Yeah, what the hell is that? Here's a call from 14 loosely, hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir? Neil, whenever a rush or a while, your handy says something, you can pretty much just count most of it and never give it a second thought. But I know when I disagree with you, at least it calls me to think a little bit. I didn't like Bush from the beginning, but I didn't believe that 911 was something that he wanted. And I hoped in my heart that he had other motives there, or knew something about our act that we did. But instead of telling old scores, but it turned out to be that it seems like that he was settling old scores. At least we know where a chaining was during the whole time. I guess he was talking to people at the Hall of Burgundy. Yes. That thing got some deals there. Instead of it is a country we have to, like, official instead of Bush running the war and chaining, looking over things at home, making sure they're right. I guess he was following the leads of inron and global crossing surrounding this and that way here. It seems like we're under a track from the people like that global crossing inron and Chaining here in Kyrgyan and the State and then from the other terrorists that do not live in the country. Okay. Well, thanks for the call. I have a great day. What do you say? Huh? Here's a call in. Hello. Oh, my God. I'm going to go through the whole gear right now. Oh, my God. We'll be in a mockery soon. I'm going to know it could show me. But Neil, hey, you know, I'm the guy that calls you about happiness. Oh, thank you very much. By the way, I've got another movie for you that he, the same director did, which is walking through the Dalhouse. I don't know if you've seen that, but that was his first movie and it's pretty hilarious also. Okay. And the second thing I wanted to also mention to you, did you see the New York Times? The New York Times article about the nuclear that we're telling him to or not did I call to running where the stuff that they were trying to say to Iraq was trying to buy from Nigeria. Right. And it was actually all, all the, all the documents were for the right. Right. Yes, right. It was put together by the, actually it was British intelligence in the CIA. And then the only thing that they, they, they, they screwed up on was that the signatures on the documents were people that have been out of office for about 15 years. And the, the State Department of Royal Colin Powell, I don't know what the hell is gotten to him. But he was running around the whole world showing them these documents. And it never really double-checked to see who the hell is finding the documents and that they were forgery. Yeah. Well, they, they haven't even made him an offering couldn't refuse because he did, he did a turn around faster than you can say a douchebag man. He just, he just turned on it on a dime. Exactly. So, oh, and by the way, Derr Lita was also in cyclops, by the way. He, he just probably the worst beating ever. And, uh, he's a movie history and cyclophyde, if I've read this. I mean, it is just gruesome. And actually, I like cyclops a lot too, by the way. I know that, but you probably don't like, but I, it was an incredible movie. Okay. Well, listen, happiness was, uh, beyond my wildest dreams and the ending was worth a video in books. Exactly. Well, that check out that. Welcome to the Dollhouse. All right. Okay. Thanks. I got 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a really interesting Wednesday. Oh, boy. Hmm. I'm just going to open up my window and just, in fact, I already got my window open. It's going to go to the window and breathe some of that SARS. I mean, fresh ear. Here's a call from Naples. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just off and fired up and on four. Oh, I'm close to DC. So, uh, I got to put up with all this kind of stuff. But, you know, something I don't understand, not for a minute, do I believe that they have weapons of mass destruction? But there are humanist still falls because even if they did have the weapons of mass destruction, number one, you need a whole boatload to do any kind of damage. And you have mass damage. And number two, they never have a vehicle to bring those over here to the United States. Right. He's texting the United States from weapons of mass destruction. I gotta tell you, I think the biggest weapon of mass destruction is that key brain between the ocean's ears and all the hemorrhates that surround him in the White House. That's the biggest weapon of mass destruction. The whole thing is the first people are blinded by the right, uh, just like Brock's book. And it's absolutely ridiculous. It's nice that there's a few liberal talk show hosts who will lead to speak the truth. And of course, you never get credit for it. But keep on keeping on. Okay, thanks. Call from Naples, which ain't all that far from Fort Myers. That's all really interesting. I guess it was in the biography channel. The other day about Thomas Edison. Okay. And his good, our close personal buddy Henry Ford. Henry Ford and Edison were such good buddies that Ford built a house right next to Edison's house in Fort Myers. You know, then go camping together. Right. There were good buddies. And he were both, you know, of course, I think Edison was a greater, a little bit greater humanitarian. He could catch my dream. Yeah. Henry Ford would be delighted to be around there. But. Oh, yeah. Because he could go step with the best of them. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T. By the way, the Pope says, careful how you drive. Since everybody's giving instructions on what you should say and what you should think and what I should say. Highway to heaven, Vatican urges Christian driving values. Oh, this is the best. Roman Catholic churches a apostleship of the road seeks to lower debts. I guess the Pope has been driving in South Florida lately, huh? In fact, you know what I think he's in shape to be doing right now. It was got as a little buggy. Yeah. Psalm on TV the other day, 83 going on 140. He could easily pass for 140. A Vatican official is leading a push to make safe driving a Christian duty. Oh, my God, you said duty. I said duty. Archbishop Stephen Fumio Hamau. What kind of a name is that? The man in charge of Vatican's Council for Itinerants and migrants. He says the statistics about road debts are terrifying and he hopes to persuade Catholic Bishop's conferences in Canada and the rest of the world to promote a Christian culture of the road. In a February speech to the first ever meeting of European directors of what the Vatican calls its apostleship of the road, Archbishop Hamau said the church intends to list the veil on the great-drama suffering caused by road accidents. Stay out of the post office and cross brings in other words. During the 20th century, 35 million people died and a billion and a half or injured road accidents, this obviously draws the attention of our pastoral care. The catacysma of the Catholic church says those incur grave guilt who by drunkenness or a love of speed and danger their own other safety on the road at sea or any year. Isn't that what the Jesus said don't drive too fast, right? The catacysma of the cat, I got to read that again. That is special. The catacysma of the Catholic church says those incur grave guilt who by drunkenness or a love of speed and danger their own other safety on the road at sea or any year. See if only say that well what's the name? Sarah Goldfarb would note about her love of speed could have gotten her big. Of course she was joy. Yes. So I guess you wouldn't have given a crap. Hey Sarah don't pop them pills sweetheart. Oh geez. For Sarah. I'm going to be on TV. I'm going to be on TV. Don't forget get happy, Mr. Day. Whatever you do. Get happy. Don't worry. Just get happy. Or just get even. Who are the most pathetic creatures? Sports talk groupies 83. Big fan slabs 82. Autograph found 68. Talk show chronic 61. Law Cabinet Republicans 59. People who watch call 48. Computer nerds 11. People who play golf five and freepers holding out three out of Horn and twenty votes. Jeepers creepers creepers sure ought to be doing better than that. Most people decided probably don't even know what Freepers are. They'll find out. Here's vocalo. Hello. Hey, Nito. Are you doing to call me with a mouthful of turkey? Well, that's okay. We talked a lot of turkeys. Yeah, right. Hey, what's the problem with your liberal sitting down the President? Huh? Is that all you left the civil for how to do? This is the leftist liberal again. I saw. And talking with a mouthful. I know what's in not turkey in your mouth. Crap. A mouthful of crap in his mouth. The leftist liberal guy. Same. Great argument by the way. You really made some excellent points. They said God bless Texas. Yeah. See? Here's your Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I do. Okay. Calling in a comment about the way this war is being spun to the American people. Yeah. I've seen it watching the television and they had another homecoming thing. Oh, right. Excellent. I've seen the hot smiles in the hug and the romance of war. You know, trying to make like a some romantic thing. Yeah. I'm glad those people are coming home, don't you? Yeah. And then I go to the federal district. Uh, get the phone to call you. And on the other side, there's things they tell you that story about the rest here. You know, the story about the rest here. Great. You know, let's do that some time. Try and don't let them get there and try to draw that back. But people are always, you know, on the left. I think the side is not better. I think that the story is, uh, but the next, uh, we all got a good interest. You know, we get full of loneliness. Great. Great. Thank you. Thank you. Let's go. I have to get out. Everybody. There we go. There we go. There we go. I'm 157. Five, 60. Did I miss something there? Huh? What do you say? Who? I don't know. Whoever that guy was. He was kind of like, when he saw that. I'm just ready for this big noon to one hour. Okay. Sit back. You know, I have to work on checking my emails anymore. I'm just, I'm just a gas. Don't you know, at the nerve and the huts above some people, man, who think that, uh, you know, I mean, a minute by minute critique. What I should say, what I can say, what a son of a bitch. Just get a life, okay. Just go off in a never, never, never line together and have a wonderful life together. You are silly people to you. God, I don't, as long as I live, I'll never be able to understand that. That business, that whole thing. This morbid fascination out of trying to make really dangerous, dangerous people who spew dangerous crap into kutsy little figures. You know, like, kutsy, what nice little cute little hats or other adormons. You know, it doesn't make any difference. What you do to it. It's still the same thing. You know, when you scrape away all the exterior crap, it still has the same, the ultimate effect. 1157 at 560 WQM, the lights of West Boca, you're super store for the Atkins died of any low carb sugar free dot is introducing. There are new almonds that cakes by control carb. They come in blueberry, banana or classic almond, either serving as only one effect of gram acarbbs or sample the lights new chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram acarbbs. If you like to crunch, try one of these three new flavors of low carb rackage chips. So whether it's carbolite ice cream, breads, rolls, cheesecakes, chocolates, pasta and sauces. And if they're 600 low carb foods, the lights of West Boca is the place you're going to love to shop. And don't forget, you can always try it before you buy it. They've got a knowledgeable staff who knows their stuff inside and out through open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10. And it delights you'll find the most complete line of Atkins brand products anywhere in the universe. And here's even better news atkins products are always 25% off all day every day at Delights. So head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world. If you're one of these divers, at Delights of West Boca on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or Column Tool free and 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web if you're like at low carb.com. Don't forget, there's only one deal. Lights of West Boca is your official Atkins retail center. By the local this is 560. For you, though, yours. You, you. Hey, I'm from Aliliana, Russian Latman. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new, OK, I'm gonna use the hour. Take care, I'm gonna roll my hair. Oh, luckily. Walk like a lady. Walk like a lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. There's a difference between the thighs. Oh, yes, there is a difference between the thighs. Oh. You shall, with me, with pieces. I thought you were my queen. But I know it's something funny. I saw the bulge in your jeans. She looked like a lady. Walk like a lady. Walk like a lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. There's a difference between the thighs. Oh, yes, there is. You were my perfect lover. But how I was surprised. Not only do you have one, but you're not circumcised. Oh, she looked like a lady. Walk like a lady. Walk like a lady. But I got wise. There's a difference between the thighs. Oh, yes, there is. Between the thighs. He's back. And he's stalking the psycho who wants to make the Chicago Cubs pennet contenders. Clint Eastwood is 30. Harry, carry. Hello, everybody. This is Harry, carry with Steve Stone. And Patrick in this big island today. Clint Eastwood gives a Hall of Fame performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster. There's action. So, Mitch, strike into the ball right past blocks. Suspense. If Mike made it, it could be. It is. No, Ryan. Romance. Oh, look at the format, bro. Steve, holy cow. Clint Eastwood is 30. Harry, carry. Come into a theater near you. Come in. Come in. Come in. Come in. Come in. Come in. Don't go break it apart. Stop breaking like a hole. Stop breaking like a hole. We're going to die. Come on, stop breaking like a hole. Come on. You're going to die. You're going to die. That's a hunt. It's a role. I let once we go. I feel good to cry. I lifted my leg. It smells like a snake. You're going to die. Who's having a death? Oh, God. Try to hold it in your thigh. I'll try with that shelter. I'll try with it. Don't go break it apart. Don't go break it apart. Don't go break it apart. Don't go break it apart. Don't go break it apart. Now you feel so good, I sweat. I sweat. I want to go you again. I'm gonna be like, oh my god, I'm gonna blast my mouth, play with my mouth. Oh, my fear of so, girl. I'm just rolling around, there's so much, oh my god. I love it, we do. I always love it. Oh, yeah. I'll be with you at home. When you got on the airplane, the train started right away. Couple of ideas, men's some tiny, contain courage. And I need another one. I'm gonna start an acting silly. Like happy Jack the clock. You pulled your zipper, and your pants came a drum, then down the home. Then you climbed on the cart. Blink that's started with the cart. Then you do, do, do. In front of the door, your rod, don't you know that. If the bathroom was occupied. One of us watched a bus ride, took you from New New Wind on the plane. When to not be airways, horny, bit you on. Fettesties will have to do. You ain't yet none. We all say it's gives you. You lie and you seem. Ready, dream on, ready. You'll never have me. Are you sure? Sorry, Steve Vogue, Randy. Little bitch with dreams. Goin' down life, stinkin' highway is that star. You're a lonely clown. Everyone knows the only one who's he goes in the clouds. That bloodshot and wasted, talking trash with us mile. You had so few hours that ain't been out. Did I bad out? Well, we're at the way to five 60WCM. Here's this. You just recklessly packed me the same musco on the website. Theestard.com. I did. We all saving private lunch. We had that on Sunday that was from the Toronto star. So thanks anyway, but we already had that on our way. I'd be like three days ago. Thank you. The real story about how the whole thing was staged. Which we talked about. And of course, you conveniently had Sam Nisha. Here's some good news though, while partially good news. And look who wrote the article. Buddy Neven's The Unions But Neven's and The Unions on Sentinel. Cane fired from Broward Diversity board over the use of the N word. Radio Talk host, Steve Kain, as a move from the Broward County School Board's diversity committee today. For using the N word of dear, a dear field, be high school meeting last week. You should have been on there in the first place. School Board member Marty Rubenskin would have pointed Kain to the committee shortly after his election of Number 2002. Made the decision to take Kain off the committee shortly after viewing a video tape at the meeting. His remarks were completely inappropriate in a public form, especially while representing school board diversity. Rubenskin wrote in a memo explaining his action. Kain used the word during a debate with South Florida Mike, a son, a central communist Michael mail on a permanent election. And it says, and the most important part of this story, the appointment Kain originally after Kain supported Rubenskin's election in broadcasts. You got that? I got it. But here's the bad part of this. We're meaning on the diversity committee is Brian and Craig, Kain's radio producer who had no role in the dispute. Oh my god, and I wonder why they don't have real stories in the newspaper and why it's such a Mickey Mouse place. Well, he's the first. Disney. Oh, I'm in his past note, it's our big extravaganza Wednesday, noon to one hour with all comedy bits and the couple of, you know, other little tidbits thrown in. How's the pool come and why we're at it? Who are the most pathetic creatures in the fall? For 1606 votes? Big fat slob's 93. Sports talk groupies 90, autographed, hounds 73. Log cap number of public in 68, self-hitting fags, talk show chronic 66. People who watch golf 55. Computer nerds 11. People who play golf five. And free booze up to five. Well, gee for streetper's. We're getting some votes for the free person. It's about time. Mother's days this Sunday in the folks at Vermont City Bar of Inbusy hand making some great new bears. Your mom, wife, and grandma deserve something extra special this year. Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont City Bar. Show receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy in a colorful gift box. They've got great bears like the Spama Bear, mom's biggest fan or the new queen for a day bear. And don't forget that's your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother and cup set is a perfect idea every year. That is many kids. A cup is you need with their names imported on the outfits kids and cubs. It's more creative and thoughtful than flowers in this one. We'll ask the lifetime. Call 1-800-829 bear in a friendly bear. Council will help you to hit a bear just for her. So show know you finally put some real thought into where we'll gift this year. You won't believe the great reaction you'll always get. Ordering is quick and easy too, but you better do it now because it's already Wednesday. Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online if you like it for MontettyBird.com. This year do it right. Thanks mom for all she does with a great gift of Vermont City Bar by calling 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. We're sports for you, 5-C-4. You A-M. Millions have converted for fun and profit. Now you too can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stritesys. We'll convert any goal for just 99.95. That's right. Listen to one of our successful graduates. For Kim, I shall loom, Malakhe, Hasha loom. At Earl Stritesys, we'll convert anyone into a Jew. Malakhe, Hachadosh Paham. Translated means sorry, I must have left my wallet at home. Millions have converted to a Jew for just 99.95. That Earl Stritesys is now in a free yardside candle for just $10. Earl Stritesys will convert any goal for just 99.95 or more if we can. I'm laughing. How the hell must we read backwards for Criteys? Are you searching for a new sensation in dining? If you're tired of that same old bump and grind, then why not revisit an old friend and eat at the Y? That's right folks, because here at the Y, we've turned our old facilities into a mouth-watering buffet. And you've never seen us read like this one. Featuring some of the most delicious entrees you've ever tasted. And if you like eating Mexican, you'll love the Y because every night is taco night. Or if you enjoy the taste of wild meat, our chef's for her a lip-spacking sauteed rabbit baked in a golden flower crust. That's right. Airpied! It's all here. Literally mounds of piping hot food, including juicy snakes cooked medium rare. Because when you eat at the Y, all the meat is pink in the middle. Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual entre. A red hot-cheat-ion-yool steak. Talk about a piece of ass that brings terror to your eyes. It's lips-mecking good to show you what one of us. So the next time you eat out, slide on down to the Y. It's just north of Persie Highway, up to number one, I guess. Eat it, go away! Spoon, eat it, go away! Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on! We're big to a fan in the box, yo, and have a hell. We saw a billboard sign today. We don't like bad way, we're... We have balls, it's not the kind of that we'd like to see. In flying, we have many balls, we miss red, we sense our team. And we want our name up of the sign. Yes, it is in bed, rain, night, and flow. We want to verify the government of no ball. I like that, don't us, shut down on us. That's for the whole silver time that we've got balls. We don't know shut down on us. Don't know what's horrified and so appalled. Eat, eat, eat. Authentity, many, life, with hurry, hey, fans. We'll now be checking inside the pan, do I have two? Oh, and my flu. Hey, down, that's going, so why are you? Nothing, don't have any balls. That's why they slap each other's chin. So balls are my chin, and I do. Thank you for calling us this T-Toy, and I'm going to help you. I just picked up my 92-A-Core from your life. And that is on two turns in the back seat. Are you sure? Yes. And there's one in the back seat? A turn, a safer, a big, a human turn in the back seat of my call. Bam, I assure you, our guys do not take it down in your car. If you want to bring that car back, we'll take a look at it. You owe you one thing to look at. My car is fine, it's a big turn in the back seat. Okay, what would you like me to do? I said, okay, how about I go to your house and pick a local, you'll count about that. Bam, what would you like me to do to fix the situation? I want somebody to come over here. Get your shirt out my back seat. That's not going to happen. What is this, that's why I'm here. You can bring the car here when you take a look at it. I am. I'm bringing back there. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to take a dump in every last car you got there. I'm going to peel your counter. I'm going to do it all. Okay. I know what you feel like a big girl in man. It probably came out your way. Oh, yeah, I don't make it to happen to go in. I'm taking a dump in the car. How can you wait? About 400 pounds. That's your turn. That's my turn. Yeah. That came from 400 pounds. This is a 400 pound man. This is a 400 pound man. Either that or guerilla. I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office. And I'm going to let the whole world see you going to be on the news that season, buddy. I'm going to get seven on my side. Why? You want to be on the news. Can you describe this, the pieces? I mean, what does it look like? You know what it is. It came out your ass. What the hell you can work on? It's me with colors. I say what it smells ungodly. That's what it smells like. It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. You're going to leave from the exit to the house. Well, how big is it? How long is this? It's not as long as my arm. I don't think it's wet. Why y'all? This is not what I got to do. I got to do my full and not my feet. You know, I think this actually is a racial stick too. That's what they're like. I'm a little kid. I'll run it away from it. I'll play golf on this fight. I'm a little kid. I'm a little kid. I'm a little kid. You're probably going to fear a wheel too, though. All right. How long does it look like it's been sitting there? It's been coming all the way. Okay. Hey. Did you come in all the way? Yes. The rest of the day. I'm just going to be a little bit higher than how long. I am taking this as a pressure. Okay. What you need to do is you need to bring that shirt back. And we'll match it up. We have a lineup. We'll match it up with the other turds that we have. Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a toy. We see. And I can bring the shirt back to me? No. You know what? This is a sample? No. I'm starting to like it. I'm going to keep it as a fatball. Keep it. Because it's a nice ball. You know what? It's a nice ball with face and feet. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. I used to think that I could not be home. I'd be quite the zoonstaur. And now, when years are fast for copying fields, I've found this grass is on the plate. Can feel you if I can see it. And now can do it if I just believe it. And there are mature heads. I'm a big pedophile. I believe I can touch my thigh. You can see it on video tape. Don't care more than try to reach. If your parents come home, you see me running through that open door. I'm a big pedophile. I'm a big pedophile. I'm a big pedophile. Oh. You make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make it you make you leave them Mr Yuu toss, like you ,The bros Mister,beep bro I like my soup right I am a huge type of guy Rust on me Rust on you Rust on black Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you I like gochets soup And I ride that motorbike She can't see we've come here that's what I like I'm here by taste Crackish ice cream Blanking and giving up fish It's glass much more ice cream Rust on me Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on black Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Oh I'm tired of it I'm tired of it Oh Rust on me Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rustlls, just you We put this story on our website, I guess we'll see you in the next video. We put this story on our website, I guess we'll see you in the next video. We'll see you in the next video. Don't confuse us with the facts because your liberal left is on our show, but I'm going to meet my bullcraft sandwich. 26 past noon at 5. By the way, speaking of that voice, I was laughing into. Did we ever get an answer on a keychain? No. No was the answer we didn't get an answer. Did I fact you that pro story? No. Why is that? Just checking for convenience. You want it? No. I just got it. I was just rechecking some of the websites. I was not in the earlier. Got it? Got it. But it's on and I will tax it to you. Thank you. If you want to get out of your dead end, a lot of people out there working for peanuts, you feel like you're on a treadmill. You're running along where you're not going anywhere. Here's the answer. Get out of your dead end. Job and get you a new high-paying computer career and a really neat job with a big paycheck at the end of it. Or in the middle of it or during it. Call a fast-range and get you the training and eat in just four short months. They can train you for our new high-paying computer career and they've got convenient day, evening, weekend, classes, for you. So there's bound to be a time that's convenient for your schedule no matter what it is. And even better than that, they have locations all over town. So there's bound to be location nearby you. Fast-range is in Miami. They're a Kindle, Pemmer, Pines, and Fort Lauderdale. So get out of that tent and job safe and ride with that bull-crap boss and get yourself a real high-paying career and change your life with one easy phone call. There's no obligation. 1-8-6-6 fast-train. That's a number to call 8-6-6 fast-train and we should register at fast-train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker too. Call them today, be sure to tell them the Todd Drec, to what you call this toll-free number 1-8-6-6 fast-train. 1-8-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-4-7-6-6-6-6-2-6-6-8-6-6-8-6-4-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-4-6-6-4-6-4-6-5-1-4-6-6-8-6-6-6-6-6-7-7-16-8-6- 4-5-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6- Oh No Since the cameras left the Osborn's Beverly Hills estate we're wondering what's Aussie doing now Hello sir, what do you want little boy? I little lady starting up next week and I need to get a baseball bat I know self-bats. I don't want anything to do with bats My whole career's been based on another of bats. I'll sell you a glove in a ball, but not a bat No, we need a bat to play with Whoa, what do you want me to do about it? Tell you understand what I'm saying to you? I'm getting the heads off of a bat before I want Sharon won't meet me to wear a bat coat. Look at all of you tell you realize sei We'll have nothing left to escape. Worked out for salvage, We're that even a stunned bedroom We'll find this much distance to guard. We can't force in a van, We'll rest when they trade in those plain land In 50 cars. We'll have to be safe. We'll have to be safe. We'll have to be safe. We'll have to be safe. We'll have to be safe. We'll have to be safe. We'll have to be safe. We'll have to be safe. I can't have anything I hate the rustle in the big time, yes I've made it While my guitar is lonely, I think it's about to be with my ex, but I can't play it Yes my guitar is lonely, I have no talent but great public relations I'm in heavy rotation on M.C.P.E. I can't just try on, shallow billion copies With hair so sloppy and my rich cheese I'm in heavy rotation on M.C.E. I can't have anything to do with my guitar I'm in heavy rotation on M.C.E. I'm in heavy rotation on M.C.E. I can't have anything to do with my guitar With your slip and fall While your window is open I run down the hall While your window is open I'm out to hurt But I feel skewed Because your temp will watch while you're... Oh! Oh my god And your casual dreadful And they got no vulnerable You picked a white one baby Oh! You got no white one baby You know when it's wise You just got the face there You just got no white one baby You got no white one You got no white one You got no white one You picked a white one baby 22 to 1.S.1.M.E.L.P.E. Favorite Uh-huh And you know Another one I haven't played in years And to see I love this one They knew no one for many reasons What would be? Yes Yes And fine stuff I haven't played in ages Like when Fidel goes down with a great jim skyler Right That's a masterful piece Especially when it gets in that stuff about subroegigant there I love it 21 to 1 at 5.16 I've seen WDKM got the mad dog When I was today he's going to be doing that Where you've uh, dredged pack and they're going to show Yeah What do you mean by that? I don't know if he actually shows up or not He's either there or he ain't, ain't I see he'll either be there or he won't It's 50 50 You know, Mother's Day is Sunday That's 100% guaranteed And this year's surprise of the gift Relaxation from the inner retreats Spa and wellness studio Where she'll enjoy a true spa experience The inner retreats spawn Well the studios offering a great mother's day package For just $99 Mama's journey will begin at her arrival Where professional license staff members We'll greet her with soft music Can't let them hot tea Should receive a relaxing revitalizing facial Followed by massage Designed to relieve all stress and her neck back and shoulders All for just 99 bucks The inner retreats spawn wellness studio Is located at 726 Riverside Drive And prestigious crawl springs Right next to the Outback steakhouse Call 9 5 4 3 4 1 60 Do 20 For more information Mission WQM or my name And the first 25 people Will get a free aromatherapy cantola Organic specialty soap in a silk pouch With their mother's day package They're located in crawl springs Like I said at 726 Riverside Drive Right next to the Outback steakhouse Call them today 9 5 4 3 4 1 60 2 2 2 2 2 This year do something different Really neat for Mama the true spa experience At the inner retreats spine Wellness studio Call them right now 9 5 4 3 4 1 60 2 2 2 2 2 My and local We're sports video 5 60 2 2 1 2 1 Oh, they held you down A long, long time ago He was 1900 And Jesse Homes was just a lad of nine And no one knew what was in store Just ended the Spanish American War So they partyed like this And no one knew what was in store Just ended the Spanish American War So they partyed like it was 1899 The war events that made you shiver But there were times we did deliver A promise that was kept With that famous one small step I can't remember each event Or everything that man did invent A century we were present This is how it went My, my, how the time it did fly Since it started some deported many years We did cry for the centuries Time that we say goodbye It all happened in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by It all started when two guys were right When they quoted their plane into flight And the start of radio Signified had his mother's thing And once a theory and next plank And the Titanic that story We all know Well, World War One It soon began with shooting arched youth Francis Bird and then Million's died from the flu And plastic it was brand new And then Russia had each feather Looshy and Panama Connected both the deoshings The Nazis we won't see again A hundred years gone by And we were singing in my My, how the time it did fly Since it started some deported many years We did cry for the centuries Time that we say goodbye It all happened in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by Out without his valetivity They've been mass-produced A new model of tea And then Bird landed near Paris Then some old deep red game And a ceiling wall street And the great depression And women would vote Like you and me And Germany's chancellor Was sworn in and World War Two It soon began Major at sovereign land The project then attend Now the Lucien trial in Tennessee We caught a first look at TV Then the day that lives in and from me On the trees gone by Then we were singing in my My, how the time it did fly Since it started some deported many years We did cry for the centuries Time that we say goodbye It all happened in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by Frankly, Winston they were simply winning Starting with a fee-day invasion But at what in a falling cost In Russia no one did the frost And Germany they'd find the loss Discovered the horrors of them Holocaust Fat man little boy and all the game Chins the whole world on that very day Meadow had just begun And China moved by the sea town The first player in baseball that was black If we held out there home and back Or Massachusetts elected Jack Your home, previous gunfire And we were singing in my My, how the time it did fly Since it started some deported many years We did cry for the centuries Time that we say goodbye It all happened in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by Separate, but equal, made such a fuss Grossed a two-time, went on the bus Holy, old, cured with the vaccine Then my shots get us big time Which spot knicked our troops into Korea quick Discovered the double helix scheme Or JFK left us way too soon But promised to get us all to the moon You're his first in space Can the pill we thitted race And the friendships have been climbed into the night Cubas miss those gave us quite a fright Selfie, stasher is on to fight A hundred years gone by And we were singing in my My, how the time it did fly Since it started some deported many years We did cry for the centuries Time that we say goodbye It all happened in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by Niels giant step was the big news Rover swayed gave women right to choose Nixon resigns about water gates Got the troops out of Vietnam Had hostage taken by Iran And a virus made us too scared to go deeeeeet Access to babies held the law Some guy named Bill started Microsoft Chernobyl explosion The Berlin wall gets broken The US is our sask goodbye Some students in China they did try Seven died in the Florida sky A hundred years gone by And they were singing My, who might have a time it did fly Since it started some deported many years We did cry for the centuries Time that we say goodbye It all happened in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by We were singing in my My, how the time it did fly Since it started some deported many years We did cry for the centuries Time that we say goodbye Okay Welcome to 10-1 Here's an interesting fact from Jose Says being a golf player I don't consider it pathetic However viewing on TV is a little pathetic Or what would maybe chuckle is that anything that Niels does Could never be considered pathetic So going to pump it on harness online and hang it out with a bunch of degenerates Isn't pathetic? Well, I would have been my vote Love you Niels Jose Well, love you to Jose But let me say this to you What's number one on a pool, George? Big fat slabs one or two I didn't say I include myself in that category Right? Yeah, and what did I say yesterday with the Diction? What was the number one on a pool? Food? Did I say I voted for food? Jose, I hate to write to you, sis. We'd art. I love you too But just lighten up a couple of shades, okay? And you probably stay in the country a lot longer 1251 at 560 WQM Mother's Day this Sunday It's just around the corner. Perfect time to repay mom Who spent so many sleepless nights walking up and down the halls Looking here, looking there to see if you were going to come home Shlopping out the window. D automatra says the perfect mattress for mom If it's sagging, if it's lumpy or worn out Then pick up the phone and call our good friends Ad automatra, as you know the deal now They got the best in the world. They got service, celi, king, coil, Simmons, I've been using them for years every time I'm Actress wears off, I make one simple call and there There are no time at all. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life Each and every day than a great night's saving You should know on mom's, they've gone on something It wouldn't lay your ass on. So do the right thing Before Mother's Day is here. He's still got time And don't forget, D automatra gets more repeatable Referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right Don't forget when you buy a mattress from D automatras They set up the brand new one and take away the crappy soil Staying worn out old bedding for free Let me say it again. D automatras sets up your new and removes the old bedding for free So this mother's day had mommy sleeping like a baby on a great new bed From D automatras in that guest room gives you to pick it up Available in all denominations. So call today You still have time call 1-800-MATT-RES That's 1-800 mattress for D automatras It's easy to smart way to get you a great night's sleep From months and years to come My life and local This is 4-305-60 Way to Way Brass ship A young man Turn 28 He scored the sweetest bag I'll go on the next day It's too many seeds in your dime bag Getting to the party Two minutes too late Isn't it the chronic Don't you think It's a thing When you've lost all you breaks The free bag When you're already big Good we That you just didn't take And who are the sons You get it Hot brownie That you already ate A new stone or sign A lot of you break It's like 10,000 joints When all you need is a light It's like having your feelings And then finding out he's like a hem to light And using it the chronic Don't you think Yeah I'm gonna do much chronic Yeah I really do think It's my thing When you've lost all you breaks The free bag When you're already big It's good we That you just didn't take And who are the sons You get it We're the way brownie She played How great one happens The rain Crows like a free-handed rain Thou do you have a day And you know who you are And one of the blackly public areas We've been here for a long time And I've lost all the other And I've lost all the guys You're in a worse strange Find you one thing to hold And tell the world a red grey Don't worry about that The little Easter's world Will be exploded Sedum at people killed With the gas that we sold him First time a gristered nation The only one that's going Now more blood will be spilled To get that oil going Forget about Korea And the nooks that chose to never Right wing is really Get over it over And you are hit You turned at a rag as a Females of past destruction 3,000 people killed Our now forgotten let's exploit him instead There's oil to be cognizant Going after some time to Plank it Osama There's no longer mention of The name is lot is But no one seems concerned All come be in complacent Believe in every word This cartel is in a station That controls us by fear Through media manipulation And the right wing Is drilling it over and over And over it to our head And I rag as a Wep it up Past destruction The only thing that's going to be Is to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be The only thing that's going to be