New, my queen! God! The last night I dreamt of can say go Just like he never let my side know I'd wait with old say can say go He showed me just as his pen to the ball I showed him how to vote To back up that was kind of low I said go to my comons Keep your tongue his please us I miss coming round their base And slotted into his face Get the shower with those they must finish the li-bye I'll just go back and start for a moment I'll just have to make him more chill and full of the time We got our thousands vote by the way boy I like it Aren't you impressed? I know what it's 5.60WQM happy Wednesday It's our Wednesday noon to one hour coming up The accommodate been our rule on? Aren't you thrilled with that? Always. I know I sure am. I'm making a pretty good recovery for my little TIA My minor stroke Then nobody seems to understand too much about it I guess if you never had one And probably I don't want to believe me No thanks But I don't have one How's the hopper doing? We're getting the updates on him I heard him yesterday afternoon And he sounded like What have I told you about him? Very concerned on this part over here About the hump or he sounds bad Then I tuned in a little later And I heard Josh Clarence Dero And the beast talking about sounding bad I heard them fill in a hank of gone home sick Can I just give you two words of advice? Okay Even though the audience rebels and doesn't want to hear it Because they can't stand the truth Two words of advice Fat kills Okay You're in other words To make a long story short Cut the crap That's why we're going to talk about candy and sweets today Hmm A little later on Rogers I'm in brittle That's the a brand I guess pretty hard for me to think of a name like Oh god Yeah Rogers everything is Rogers Rogers cable Rogers candy Oh god Rogers but I'm assuming it's their real name Former major league slugger Jose Consocco was sent to J.A.S. today For violating his probation for a 2001 nightclub bra Can psycho 38 could be held until a March 17 hearing Judge Leonard Glick Rule I want to be a kind of Larry Glick you think? Who? The judges should not rest more than to be told Consocco failed to start anger control classes And communities service and let's load a longer than 30 days Which were among the conditions of his probation Yadi, Yadi, Yadi I understand that I have to take responsibility Consocco said I asked for the mercy and understanding of the court He had some issues He had some a crap to take care of in California But the banjo on his knee Do we have to seek Keith overmen anymore? No please if ever you talk about a guy that keeps resurfacing like a bad penny I'm watching MSNBC yesterday if knew you wanted to know why I give up somebody has to Okay, and I'm watching there and it's when that fat jury Notchman that fat head guys usually on between five and six and I'm ready to turn the dial And they got the guest on there, pop pop pop pop pop Bibi or Rack attack or Rack you know And of course back in his Keith overmen again back to the scene of the crime again Good God This is a guy that used to be on CNN ESPN MSNBC first time Fox News Fox Sports everywhere And this guy is like in his own mind legendary He'd really pontificates and he talks in a very deep voice and he has that serious look on his face Like he really has something to say which he doesn't And you wanted to know why? I give up the proof of the fact he's got off the stage He just sports neuro basic that is background Anybody that was ever on ESPN I mean with all due respect to the humpar I mean you know go where they have a lot to see on MSNBC So he's back on here again now filling in for a fat head God So like I said we have no updates We know man dog will be back today at one we're glad he'll be back And we think Hank will be back at three But I'm serious what wasn't I to one to tell you See I'm not one of those people that's afraid to tell it like it is Because if a friend got hurt somebody's feelings Because you know if somebody looks really bad or they're too fat Somebody's got to say something like you know put that into them And if you want to see a crispy cream do something or you could just watch them die That's why I don't want to do that I see one of Hank's problems I think is biggest problem is he's a schmoozer You know what I mean he likes saying I don't knock it He likes going out to dinners with all his sports buddies And they'll come in town where he goes under road And that's his thing So that makes it extra hard how does somebody like that can lose weight But the last time that I saw him which was early January man He had just ballooned Epic proportions I mean just enormous Was that my imagination or my correct I didn't see him Oh see that's a cop out again Just know the cop out He's gonna die it's not a cop out Well that's nice that's very nice don't we want to do something to try to do it We would like to but just like Mama cast put down a sandwich sweetheart put down a freaking sandwich I've gone through it before you know courtish health I understand But having just gone through this little minor stroke which is my last Awakening my last warning that's it for me that was my last chance Next one it's gonna be Can he co baby I'm telling you that right now Our poor yesterday in fact, so we do the poll today first begin of the I just mentioned that it's gonna be my last Or should we take this Huh What I just do Yeah, but why was it still on there? I was going to take I saw line two ring and but Carlos is so quick today. He was like way ahead of me. My name is winners this Hello Yes sir How are you doing now? Okay Listen I know that we talking about hand the Humper Yeah, you saw the movie Out from powers, those members this guy's looking so cute Mungus, you started really like the bad bastard Just got the hat that's that Humper from now on The fan huh bro, okay See this guy's making a joke out of it. Snow joking matter mister It's snow joking matter We're talking about bursting at the seams We're talking about he could barely talk when I heard me yesterday When I was down there last time and he was on I heard him barely squeaking his way through the show You know what happens when you get fat? You die? All year while first before that happens all your dead various systems start giving out Right, they had to cut your feet off Here's our poll question today which fits right in Who would be the happiest of Neil Croft? Here your choices we got six I think pretty good choices didn't put Carlos on there Because I can't think of a reason Yet George here's the choices George thinks he'd get the show Eric no more long polls Greg Reed a real evil doer Oh he is really In fact I definitely give him part of the credit for my stroke I take most of the blame myself Being fat out of shapes sitting on my ass down there being there for seven weeks which I should know better Mow Howard David would dance on Neil's grave Dennis DeCronic professional Catholic homophob Or guilty just out of spite Interesting it's pretty good list. It's an excellent list but I think Mow would probably do more than just dance on your grave Yeah, what we do like pee on it That maybe drop a law Yeah, maybe drop a of steamy log on it Okay, go ginger Rogers almond brittle. I'm going to tell you before you die now. You know a peanut brittle is obviously Oh, yeah, now this is very similar, but it's almond brittle as opposed to peanut brittle and it's surrounded by thick chocolate Oh, good god. You have never lived until you see here. I am on a one breath. I'm talking about on a verge of death But on the other hand, I'm also turning people on to something really good Which they're not going to be able to find because I'm sure the Rogers candies are not sold in the USA Maybe nestle's turtleski maybe that woman will call him again when I bitched out but I doubt it because she and her son are very pissed off with me They hate me like poison to bad Too bad In fact, wasn't that it there was talking about being terrible at least people like that bitch they used to bring into smarties at the hockey games all the time I'll leave you to Ronald. I hope I run into her out on a street although I wouldn't recognize her Maybe show recognize me. Oh, Neil. I'm the one used to bring into the smarties at the game I'll kick her ass right on the goddamn ground right away God and snow by he hurt her right into her with her car. I don't have a car. No, don't blame me. Don't blame me for subsidizing terrorism I'm not gonna sue me like George and some other people I'm not driving anything except my feet since I have no vehicle here. I don't need one I don't want one. I don't want to drive. It's one another thing. I don't miss is driving. Firstly after the experience I've always done their driving with crazy people. I'm telling you man. Most of you people on a roads road Listen to me right now. Please do everybody else and yourself a big favor pull over to the side of the road Okay, just take the keys and drop them in a storm sewer or something Put them in a dumpster and walk home or take a cab or do something get off the freaking road. God almighty What passes in name? And I don't care what anybody says. Yeah, there are people to go way too fast and some of the punks They want to go like 90 and 60 or whatever, but the fact that the matter is the slow drivers are the ones who wind up killing all of us sooner or later The slow I told you about that little mini caravan of a lot of half of doesn't cars who are following each other All the enters in the pump and a part of that one. I yeah, I thought I was going to have apple plugs you run in the spirit. In fact, maybe they caused my stroke. You bastards caused my stroke. You assholes. You old fart. Oh, man. I thought I looked at these cars. They're just like all lost and like look at each other out the window. I thought this is this is the ultimate Jew jam right here. What the hell was that all about? Here was our pull from yesterday. What was the most erotic movie not ex-rated that you ever seen? Two horse race strictly body heat 135 would you agree with that with body heat? Yeah, I have a got to the other one. Yeah, why do you want to be such a prick? You know why not? I can't wait to be a prick. Nine and a half weeks, 126. That's the one you're not buying. And it's interesting because when I mentioned you the day before, I'm on Monday that I was thinking about doing this follow up movie pull yesterday. You said nine and a half weeks ago. You said that kind of look at right. And so it gets a ton of votes and then you turn around and say, well, that's only because they want to be contrary. No, not because they want to be contrary. They're just not as repulsed by Mickey Roar because they're resty human. Well, he's nauseating, but again, they don't care about who the guy is. And then we'll try to explain that to you. We have this large hutching, her male heterosexual audience and they don't care whether it's a laundry or a Mickey Roar Mickey Roar Mickey Mouse. I'm just talking to the way it is. In fact, it probably could be Mickey Mouse. I sure. And it wouldn't give a crap. Anyway. So nine and a half weeks had 126. And that was it. Because from there, it's way down to wild things with 50. And we've all seen a few wild things in our time. I would hope. Basic instincts, 49, blue lagoon, 46. I'm not going to read all of these. There were 1000 votes and so many in single digits. While it worked in 36, monsters, balls, 35, fatal attraction, 34. See, there's another example. They didn't care that Michael Douglas was the guy in there. Who's about as sexy as a fruit fly, but fancy himself or real sex spot. Those are the guys that really get me. Like Ron Jeremy and Randy West are two more. You know, maybe Randy West 100 years ago and another lifetime on another planet. By the way, good small, they're last time. You're going to see that mama Kent and Clark are okay. Mama can't. Voguey now it's head 28 speaking of that. I guess it must have been the package that sealed the deal. On faithful 27, the postman always rings twice 24. While Holland drives 24, which we're still trying to figure that out. Very spooky. Cool intentions 21, two moonjush in 20, Lolita had 20, bound 20, which I guess muffle is a, and you were talking about bound. Do you say something about how he likes being gagged and bound? Somewhere 42, 18. In fact, he'd look muffle, look at the red rubber ball, like the head of a lecture, mass gun with a red rubber ball. Summer 42, 18, body double 17, showgirl 16, angel heart 14, one minute in years BC 13, Syrians, chocolate, sex lives video tape, summer lover's each had 12, and 10, the other ones in double digits, Sator who fell from grace with the sea and color of night. That's it, the other one single digit small potatoes, like George. That's the end of our movie stuff for the time being okay. I'm sure other people will call in, try to bug us with stuff and you know what we do, we do it all care. Obviously, what QM is degenerated into as far as the colors are concerned is lists, do not mention this several weeks ago. Yep, that's what they want to talk about lists, lists of stuff. Oh yeah, how about how about yesterday was still little and pull from Monday? How about most bizarre? Let me just ask you one thing. All right, paper or plastic. I'm 13 at 5. 60. Why do you think about that? You're our good friends at Dalamagress by now. We talk about all the time. Well, Dalamagress is the only spark place to go, but the best prices on brand name actresses with a top brand customer service name is free. Well, this week, the deals are even better because the big blizzard hit the northeast and all the presidents day sales were snowed out. Because of the storm, Dalamagress has redirected major shipments of C. Lee, Sirdison's King Crow, Magnifices to Florida, and through this Sunday, even bigger savings than usual. Call 1-800-MATT-RES now through Sunday during Dalamagress presence day blizzard sale and get an additional 10% off there already, unbelievable low-erideroid bottom prices. Dalamagress does usually have sales, but due to the major blizzard they're having one now. If you've been putting off buying that new mattress, don't wait another minute, call 1-800-MATress now. And when you buy mattress and Dalamagress, they'll come to your house. It says in here, they'll come in your house. Set it up and take away the old bedding for free. You heard me ride Dalamagress sets up the new and takes away the old bedding for free, and they'll clean up the mess as well. Take to call now 1-800-MATress for Dalamagress and drag great nights late for a long time. Dalamagress's humongous blue sale going on right now be sure and call before this Sunday to take advantage of these unbelievable prices. 1-800-MATT-RES that's 1-800-MATress for Dalamagress, the easiest possible way the smartest way to buy you a mattress. uniforms yen almost finished conflicts. Will your school choose this in at least one hour! That won't ever happen. H Bai Since Agmedenon? Siding for the house. Find a scrotum, never really showed up. All my poison and my warheads. Nothing comes, never long, that they're my best. I got the factory making a trash, noob's in kitties backpacks. There's no way, you'll make me dead. Hey, call this power, shut a look out at a tower on my hand. It's not a paper single-eyed one, maybe because this is a real label of a life. I've got the advantage that's going crazy. Try to convince people to attack me, except for Sean Pentechord's who's on my side. He loves me like crazy. Funny little fool. Oh, get used to a life-a-hard-nots when I give you the small punks. You shut a look, you're little harder. Silly boss, kiss the cause of this murderer. Thank you very much. Back home, please, give your way to the waitership. 9.19 at 5.60 WDQ and my love that. 14 quick votes to pull us up there now. Now, let me just say this before we start. I left two out. Oh no, at least two. Oh, we'll have to add these on, Eric. Fox News Heather. And John Gibson of Fox News. Don't you think those two are appropriate? Sure. I think they get a voter two or three. Pictures death linked to a federal night and we tell the audiences yesterday that we did not. I chastised them all, myster, for jumping the gun, and I still say the same thing. Until after the autopsy, what's the big rush to judge me, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, Mr. Non-Commitle. Well let you know about it, you know anything about sports anymore. Baltimore Orioles' picturesque vectors death is due at least partly to the dietary supplement of Fedra. He was taken three was pop and three of them a day. And even it was only 81 degrees here. It was on an empty stomach. You had the heat stroke as the organ started falling apart one by one. It couldn't save them. 23 years old he's dead. Second baseball player did I suddenly in the past year. Last season Cardinals pitcher Dirl Kyle 33, died in history. And Chicago for game against the Cubs and autopsy revealed he had severe arterial blockage. You know what you get, I mean not necessarily, sometimes it can be genetic, but you know generally what you get severe arterial blockage from? That? Eat food, food, eating crap. Eating crap. Now let's talk about candy. Man you're a fast dude Neo, yes I am. I want to live up to my billing, okay? I don't want to let anybody down. How is that cold coming so far by the way, boy? What I was going to say is I thought now, especially since we got ding dong schooler in the morning, we got duff and clearance holding the morning guys hand every morning. Oh, God. And you don't listen, but I will say this. I think that shows darn some a little bit better lately. They've actually got something going on. They've got something to say. And of course again, it's a list and they get a lot of calls that way just like we do with the movies. But that's okay. And it's starting to sound like almost a real radio show I would say. Now maybe I'm wrong. I'm not going to say that's not going to be a good thing. I'm not going to say that's not going to be a good thing. I'm not going to say that's not going to be a good thing. And we were still dealing with a devious hostile nasty miserable old food. But the fact of the matter is as far as the show sounds. Do you see what I'm saying? Well, I'll take your word for it. Well, I know what this Carlos think. Yeah, he listened to everybody. He was like, they said I'd do the lists and that's what I meant. That kind of question. It's gotten better. Did you say great? No, I didn't say great. Hey, go off those checkered pants. Yeah, I cut it out, we're there. So what is sounding better? No, it's not my imagination. They're actually like there's like a little floatle with now that they got somebody and they're to hold their hand and give them some direction. I'd like to give them a direction like right out the door. But anyway, 27 votes on a poll. Who'd be the happiest if Neil croaked? Ha ha ha ha ha. More Howard David would dance on Neil's grave 18 out of 27. That's not nice. I got 22 in mind. Oh, your for us is a change. Yeah, how come you're getting the faster number? My name is also. Mine is supposed to be the faster pewter. Okay, Mr. So I just refreshed mine just to make damn sure I'm not. And now it's just sitting there. I got 26 on mine. How to 42. Mohour David 26 61.9%. Then is the chronic professional Catholic homophobic. Six. George things he'd get to show a five. Greg Reed a real evil door and that's correct. Three. Eric no more long pulls one and guilty just had a spide only one. Don't sell guilty short. Okay, he's devious and dangerous. Devious dangerous and squeaky. So somebody passes us. Speaking of, because I know that this audience of all the things in the world that besides hockey, the only other thing that they don't want to hear about especially is dieting and losing weight. Right. This crowd don't want to hear that. Don't paint for me. Right, that's right. Who know how are you to be talking about being fat? You cow, you just had another stroke, your fat slide. You talking about food all the time. Well, the audience likes hearing about food. They love that. You wait and see today. I'll mark my words. Okay, mark my tears. You're a seed. Before I do the thing about Rogers. Trucks. It's Canadian. So that's a good news. I'm not going to start any epidemic. Nobody can blame me. Unless we have some people listening on the internet up here in a Canada somewhere. Or we have a little Canadians in town right now. You know. Yeah, so they're not going to be able to get it there. No, but when they get home. Although they do sell smarties in South Florida. So I don't know. Maybe Rogers chocolates are available. I still say, Now, it's not a poll question, but I'm just curious what people think for example. I was thinking yesterday. If you were stranded on a desert island. And you had only one food that you had an unlimited supply. Have you seen what I'm saying? Right. What would you want it to be? Some people would say like crispy cremina. And nobody's going to say like, sirloin steak. And you know, that's, you know, that's, you know, We're not talking about body parts either. Don't, don't, don't, don't. Don't, don't, don't, don't. Don't, don't, don't, don't. Don't, don't, don't, don't. But that's, that's not the point. This is just for fun. Okay, that's for fun. Talk about me. Talk about me. Talk about me preaching to people. This is just for fun. Are you going to be stranded on a desert island anytime soon? Maybe. Oh, that's right. I forgot where you guys are. I forgot. Once that, once that state falls off from a George Wright and like kind of floats out there in the middle of Atlantic. In fact, maybe you can have a Florida and Cuba reunion. Kind of like the moment, uh, ginger reunion. Since 1885, people from all corners of the world have found their way to Rogers chocolates of Victoria. Victoria BCA. Each has discovered their own reasons, their own private excuses to bring Rogers chocolates home with them. We invite you to use our online catalog. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. WWW.rodgers.chocolate.com. Pretty simple and basic. Rogers.chocolate.com. During the break, I'm going to go on that thing and see if that almond brittle is on there. I'm serious. You know me with a food. When I tell you something like the Nestle's turtle, I wasn't joking about that. That was serious business. And these almond brittle. I can't even describe you how good they are. Addictive is an understatement. So go on to Rogers.chocolate.com and check out their website. Maybe order you a few cases and we'll come to your funeral. Send your flowers. Here's big Arnie. Big is right to me a fact on the subject of fat. How do you like that? And let me say it again. I'm very concerned about the hump. I'm not trying to pick on them like some of the colors are, but it's serious business. Now, it's reached a point of no return, I think. You follow what I'm saying? Oh, I know. But in other words, this is the moment of truth. And hang, we're all of us fat people. I'm not pointing the finger. We're all the same. Oh, I lost a couple ounces of fat rich. Same thing, you know. Always talking about how much we lost. But in the meantime, a couple of weeks later you look at us and looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pop up our ass. Like a big balloon in our puppet, you know? Exactly what I'm talking about. Way and Arnold up and down all the time. Way and Arnold in the human accordion. Great guy. I mean, just because your fat doesn't mean you're a nice person. In fact, most of the fat people are no or very nice people. That's what I think you understand is how can you lose all the weight and then just go ahead and put it that right back up. Because it's an illness. It's like saying, how can you like stop drinking booze for a week? And then all of a sudden when somebody sticks in in front of you, you're drinking again. It's an illness. And if only this guy damn world will look apart of that way. Instead of, you know, pointing fingers at all you fat swab well. Got a problem, man. We got a food problem. We have a goddamn fat problem. Not you understand it. Let's make it illegal to be fat. Right? And how the whole of the fight is. I see people, for example, in the convenience stores here by cigarettes. Yeah. Do you know how much a cost for a pack of cigarettes here? I had no idea. With all the fat air and the VST? Right. Post to 10 bucks. Now, don't you think that's a great idea to help discourage people from smoking faggots? Carlos, I have to quit today. Yeah, there you go. You can buy half a pack. Couldn't buy one. A cigarette. 10 bucks a pack. Because they're answering an asking for these fancy. They got more brands of cigarettes here that I've ever seen in my life. And candy. That's the two. Well, the one thing candy you go. Hockey and candy. That's kind of a. We got candy at the ass. 927. And 560. WKOM. Hey guys, begin of that size does matter. And according to the Florida Department of Labor Computer Professionals, have some of the biggest ones in the history of mankind. And naturally, we're talking about their paychecks. According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest pay than the highest demand. And the demand is continuing to grow by the minute. Fast drink and up you get your new high-pain computer career in just four short months. Take the call. You've heard us talking about them for a long, for a couponsage now. So get with it. The got locations in Kendall, Miami, Florida, and Pemberpines. And they've got day evening and weekend schedules. So there are no skewers to stay in a really crappy. That and job anymore working for peanuts. Pick up that phone and call fast train at 1-866 fast train. That's 866 fast train. That's peanuts is in, you know, like peanut brittle. Fast train's got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too. Call them toolfree or check them out at webadfastrain.com. You can have a big fat paycheck too. 1-866 fast trains. That's a huge deal. I'm in a lot. This is a sports winning fight. It's a huge deal. You weigh in. The funny tune yet. They just increased us too high. A large status. But no one blows up my brand new Dutch Chinese. I've been a racist, they gave us the news. Topping value with a big lesson boost. I keep foot gas mask in my club compartment. I call three max four up on proof of apartment. Re-inforce my front door with center flots. Wonder if that won't keep on the small talks. Checking my mailboard that deadly white powder. Stacking my covers with camels, plant-shouter. Living on our solar charate no fun. I think the terror is so random. I can't take it. I won't make it. If it goes to red. I'll pull my covers off over my head. And just say it back. I can't say it. I'm 31 at 5.60. WQAM. I made a bad mistake during the break. Oh no. I did what I said I was going to do. I'm going to buy any. If I want to buy it, I should have to go online to buy. I can go right out to any store in the convenience store. I'll tell you. Even the shoe stores here sell candy. Everybody in your brother sells candy. That's hand. The hot dog standing. I can't be behind him. Anyway, so I'm on a Rogers truck. Do you look at it? No, no, no, I don't need to. Go here. And the first thing that I Rogers classics. And let me caution you by saying this because I don't want to people to waste their money and say, oh, that was really crap. I've tasted some of the other stuff. They make two and it's really very pedestrian and pretty crappy. Okay. Okay. And you know that's true in a lot of places. I could be going to a restaurant. Sometimes there's a restaurant where they got one or two things that are great. And the rest of what's on a menu blows. You know what I'm talking about? I did. Well, here, for example, they got the Victoria Creams. And it's a, but at the bottom of this list, six down, it says, two pound chocolate almond brittle. Oh my God. 24 pieces. Two pound. Two pound. And I guarantee you that I could easily eat. Oh, it sounds right here during the show. While you weren't while you didn't even always eating it. Regreted. Huh? I'd racy. You haven't even had it yet. No, but I love chocolate of any kind of over time. Oh, I'm going to bring a few of these few of these things. I will. At least I'll wait. There'll be just some empty wrap records in my bag. But at least I'll have the intention to bring them home. You bring the chocolate, I'll bring the stretcher. 90. 97 votes on the pool. Who would be the happiest of Neil Croke? More Howard David would dance on Neil's grave 62. Dennis the chronic professional Catholic and homophobic 13 tied with George, thinks he'd get the show 13. Greg Reed or real evil doer, six and evil doer. Eric no more long pulls one, guilty, just out of spite one, and Fox News had the one what happened to Fox News John Gibson? Huh? Who wrote that total of peace and bit did a big song dance about I'm this, and I'm that, blah blah blah blah. All the other crap, what about him? I don't know, what about picking up people I keep bouncing from one and a net worth to another one. John Gibson, what a kiss O.J. on he asked by the way. That he's out of his little local reporters job on a West Coast. So here's the facts from Pig Arnie who says you're inspiring me not to be big Arnie anymore you're right, it's too dangerous. I have no health problems right now, but need to drop weight before I do my wife has lost 43% of her body weight, while I've dropped maybe 10% a year and a half, I've used the excuse of eating because of stress. I guess it's more stressful to die from the fat, good point Arnie. I'm gonna lose the weight so I won't be big Arnie anymore. This is for you. You don't even have to read this over to your film, I told you what I did. I did it just to try to inspire you Arnie. So you live up to the, we don't have to put a lot of pressure on you, but you better do it. A r else. Okay, has he got it? No. I love this story about the woman chased by the fake police who on the TVB album show have. Look at today, we've got to take couple of calls here because they're going to get really upset and then they'll run away. What the hell was that in the beginning? There were we hit a whole bunch of calls all lined up, Carlisthen they all ran away. Probably people, probably people wanted to take shots at Hank. Oh, this is a lot of, here's what Lauderdale, hello. Hey, me, I love you, show man. How about the white Lauderdale for your poll and corn dogs on the island? White Lauderdale would like me to croak? I don't live on corn dogs? Yeah, for your, for what you're on in Ireland, corn dogs. Yeah, why are you like corn dogs? I'm kind of a despioner. How you love corn dogs? They're the best. Okay, well, let's see much off of the old corn hole. Here's a guy loves corn dogs. They are nasty. Here have one like you said pedestrian. Sure. They're like a hot pot. They're kind of a stick or something like that. Ooh, yeah. I could understand if he would have just had like plain weeners, you know, something I can relate to. But corn dogs? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line to Best. See, I've got an arrow down candy or a swim, but just best food, like junk food that you want to have if you only had one, an unlimited supply of one kind of food on a desert island somewhere. And we're here. We're not talking about human body parts. Speaking of white, Lord of the day. I'm not talking about that, Dwight. Okay. Look at this poll. More Howard David would dance on my ground feed on the pressure already. 112 votes and he's got 70 of would dance on my grave if I croaked. I wonder what his reaction was when he heard that I had this stroke. Probably the same as everybody else in town. I know, is did you see anything in the newspaper about it? Oh, see Tom Jick are writing about that? No, he's busy writing about network TV shows again. Time you're an idiot, okay? At least you're consistent. You haven't written about anything local in about 400 years now. Anything I can forget about just me, anything about anybody. On the local scene, but I'm supposed to be out of touch. More Howard David in 70, Dennis DeCronix 16, George thinks he'd get the show 14. Maybe you and Mocha do it like a tap dance together. Oh, on my grave, that would be cute. I agreed a real evil doer eight, Fox News Heather, two Eric, one and guilty one. We still don't see John Gibson on there. Well, maybe Eric doesn't want to put John Gibson on there for whatever reason, huh? Maybe Eric likes John Gibson. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Yes. You forgot to rev it Jones. Now, we're rev it Jones. It was the show. We're going Jones. It's just a fun car. You can, you can me, rev it Jones would be in the evening morning for months without what he do. He would never be gone. Yeah, but this is not him. Yeah. It's not. It is not your gay. That's not him. It's not even close to being him. George, what are you, what are you, why? What kind of drugs are you doing? It's not me and I was just going to give George a compliment, till this guy is how this guy's sounds about as much like Reverend Jones as I sound like guilty. Nobody else can. He's talking about his name except for him. It's not him. Go ahead. Not him. It's not me. Put your gay. No, I'm just kidding. All right, now, love the show. Thanks. Oh, back. That was not him. Stooges. No, no. What are you having? What is, yeah, I'm going to jump out the window. I really am. I'm way up behind the sky. I don't know what you're talking about. He does number one. Doesn't have any stooges. Why are you? What are you talking about? I'm talking about. Boys, is nobody else mentions his name except him. That is not true. Okay. Absolutely. Well, we took to pull on a chronic call as Reverend Jones had a lot of votes. In over of him, Jones. Right. But there was not him. It was that him. It was that him. Sounded like it to me. If you played the your gay thing, but I'm not sure. I don't know his voice. Well, he's a good guy. I will bet both of your lives on it that it was not him. Okay. That's a confident I am. Okay. That it was not him. What is man? This George talked about an uptit. No, one of they hate you, man. Just loosen up a little bit. Look what happened to me. Lighten up a little bit. I'm light. I watch. Yeah, we know that. I watched small bit last night. I go to bed about 10 after 10. I'm liner. I'm on a verge of fall on a slave to phone rings. I go running the ride on him. I've thrown him my bedroom. I go running at the other room. Grab the phone. There's that he pressing norma Kent. No, I don't call me anymore unless you got something meaningful to tell me. Okay. If you're kicky your money from Greg yet, it's par for the course. I don't really, you know, what can I do for you? And he's a big shot. He's a panther's a dude in this for a center one. And the marlins are going to do that. And bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. And he ten minutes from sitting around the phone. Not saying a word, you know. He starts out, oh, what's this about? You had a stroke as if you know, very concerned. You know what I'm saying? I'm not saying he's not concerned. But he should be concerned enough to let me go to sleep. I get up at six o'clock at a guy day morning, norm. Let me sleep all right. Don't be called people 10 o'clock at night unless it's an emergency. Like maybe exciting news like Greg actually paid you what he owes you. And by the way, Greg, you're still a liar. Oh, yeah. They have the lawyer call him up and say, oh, don't sue us for the money. Isn't there something that you have to keep sue these people to get money that they owe you that they admit? It's not like the money is in dispute. In other words, they admit they owe you the money. And then, well, we're going to have, you'll have the check on Monday for sure. That's meaning this past Monday. Did he have the check? No. No, he didn't have the check. What am I going to do about that? See, do I need that stress? Do I need the stress? No. It would be like, you calling me at one in a morning and saying, by the way, you're still suffering from the effects of the stroke. And by the way, my wife just threw me out on the street. You know, is it that would be a big surprise? What am I going to do about it? Nothing. No, not a goddamn thing. I wouldn't blame her for throwing your ass out on the street in the first place. Especially when you had a two-day that you saw a hostile toward these people, man. Not hostile? No, no, no, no. No wonder I have to beg for calls. You chase them all away. It was him. By the way, speaking about hostile, Miguel's not him. And say it's a bit... Wait, wait a minute. Who called Miguel? Yeah. Miguel called and said that, yes, it was him. So he's not him. He's the east sounded about as much like Reverend Jones as Miguel does. And tell Miguel the butt out, okay. When we start talking about Castro again, then Miguel can call in, okay? Professional, speak. Professional, respawn. Well, when I'd interest in your opinion, okay, Miguel, butt out. It's silly goose. Fony, baloney. Oh, yeah, I loved the bedtime story. Yeah, right. You're such a assucker. Well, I'm going to, next time I come back, I'm going to sit to read on him. We're going to, we're going to time, Miguel up, stick him in a corner there and let the Reen have her way with him. Think that'll straighten his ass out. Yeah, we're going to toss him on his new bed from down a mattress on a big new mattress. We're just going to lock him down in the middle of it. And let her surround him with her, outpouring of love. Fony till 10 at 5.60 WQM in over years. I've been talking about the health benefits of Oliomad. God, I wish I had some. And I'll keep telling you because the stuff he works for those who are taken it. Of course you have to take it. Or it doesn't do much. Oliomad Somchels contained pharmaceutical grade Oliomad or not ordinary Oliomad. But super concentrated, loaded with health benefits. Even the old geeks and Greeks and Romans knew that. Oliomad every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol, Arne. Plus there are 14 different Oliomad formulas to choose from each one combining pharmaceutical grade Oliomad with vitamins and minerals and herbal to support specific needs from bones to blood pressure to the immune system. Just choose the formulas that are right for you. Now there are three new Oliomad formulas. One to help you sleep in that, especially when a fondoring at 1030, weight management and co-q10 for your heart. You'll find Oliomad at publics, echards, wall greens, whole food markets, Navarro and Sedanos. You can order it online if you like it. For information call 1-866 Oliomad. That's 1-866-6536633. Get your Oliomad today and start feeling healthier almost immediately if not sooner. Rhyde and local, we are sports video 5-60-U.A.M. Does Ward not as pedophile? There's a little woman. All right guys, knock it over. Hey! Hey, you big fat crook? Guys, that's not nice at all now. I'm going to call your parents what I'm going to do. Let's face it. Being a house husband is hard enough without having to worry about the laundry. And thanks to new simply clean wood bleach, I don't have to worry. Simply clean gets out all the tough stains like grass stains, coffee, piss, the f*** of this charge. Try it on p*** like on this t-shirt. So, when my wife gets home, my laundry will score an A-plus. Well, there he is now. New simply clean with bleach. Get out of f***ing dirt. I'm 45 at 560 W to grow 151 votes on a pool who'd be the happiest of Neil Croke. More Howard David would dance on Neil's grave, 88. Dennis, the chronic professional Catholic and homophobes 22. Not even a contest, isn't yet. No. Towards, things he'd get to show 21. That's where the battle is between you and your friend Dennis. My buddy. I'm a drag weed, a real evil, do we 12? Fox News Heather 5. Guilty just out of spite. Two Eric no more long pools one. And John Gibson a fox news that probably should see on her, but I don't mind getting Picking because the neighborhood gets more votes. John Gibson, now here's an excellent thing. Did you read this whole thing that you sent me this to? Yeah. Facts from West Palm? Mm-hmm. Outstanding. I mean, it's a little sick. Yeah. And that's the way we like it onましょう. In regard to today's pool, I'd hate to think anyone would be glad to see you keel over. Here's my alternative to the pool. I think it's a great thing. Which WQN personality will be the first to croak? Neal? Pank? Mo? Joel? Joel? Mad dog? Josie? The Beast? Joel? Joel? George? Et cetera. I think he's covered him all, hasn't he? Pretty dumb when left off was Kimba Boe camper. It said, list them all, that way you're showing no favoritism or bias. Then he goes on to say, unfortunately, my vote would be for the hammer, although he'd only be even money and Vegas. I'd have to see Mo, but he sounds like an old cocker who may give Hank a run for his money. Don't get me wrong, I don't want to see anyone go, but this will be interesting pool. I think he's got a point, don't you? I think it's an idea. Well, you want to eliminate today's pool and put this on here instead? No, we can say this for tomorrow or so. Yeah. What's the right? It's the QAM death pool week. It's what it is. That's bad. Nothing is death. What else are you going to do about it? Not too much, I guess. Here's a call from Jupiter, hello. Hey Neil, it's a rough day, huh? I need something. About Hank, you know, you hit her right in the head just passing his schmoosing. You know, you got to have a balance and he's out there and it's like, I hate to say it, but so for a gun. You know? Yeah. I mean, you can't, you know, his whole thing is eating and party, meeting people and... Right. But without that balance, you're description maybe think of money, and you're going to put a fight on Wopper's in men. Mm-hmm. Remember that part? Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah. I had sad because I like, you know, the hammer. Yeah, we all do. I mean, most of us do, or some people hate him, but there are a lot of people hate me too, but the point is, it's just tragic. You see it happening and there's nothing you can say or do. I mean, I keep trying to take these shots on your hoping because I know we listen, hoping that I can convince him just to, you know, put whatever he's eaten down. But you don't know, like an alcoholic in this foregone of the year. And the other thing is, our economy is my hate to say, I mean, what you're going to do? Get a stomach staple or something. Really, it's tragic measures at this point for the guy. Yeah, we're wish them luck and no more Wopper's in men. No more crap. Okay, thanks. But siters, I got at least wishes everybody well. Right. He's not sitting out there rubbing his hands and glee. I hope one of us is going to cope because we're obsessed with fat. But it is true. I think if Hank would like, change the balance, like, a few more strip clubs and strippers and a few less dinners at all these restaurants. See what I'm saying? More keto strips, less strippers. Right. Exactly. Isn't he diabetic? Yeah. Okay. Fat rich. Is he diabetic? Is he? Yes. I see. Am I diabetic? Yes. I've led you by the way this morning was 111. That's good. Well, it's good only because I'm damn sure I'm making a good. I mean, if it wasn't good this week after having that stroke a week, you go Sunday. If wasn't good now, I might as well just jump out the window. Do you want to say? Yeah. What would be the point? Although there are other people when you see they get the messages and they have all their different, they're taken out their organs. It's like the smokers. You've heard about the smokers. They put them in a hospital. They make them put a tube in their lungs so they can smoke through the two. They smoke through the two. So it's a little bit of the nicotine. A hole in their neck. There's no control. Right. That's why I'm saying that. They're smoking through a freaking hole in their neck. Jesus. No, no, no. Yeah. 560, 560. So we got corn dogs so far into the other little. Huh? When you think the audience come up with something, a little bit more tempting than corn dogs. Those corn dogs are special. Go, man. Go corn doggy. Here's Pompano. Hello. That corn dog is nasty. What is the yellow lack of corn dogs? Almost went too much time at the county fair or something. You know, if you're going to be at the county fair, at least get the cotton funnel cake. Cotton can happen. How about some form of candy, anything? Anything other than a corn dog? And we gotta give me something specific. You know, that's kind of a... I mean, I thought you'd be able to say a Schmidt-Ked Bar. Even that'll work. Yeah. But, you know, if plenty you mentioned, North Pan, I co-produce a show. You co-produce a show? Yeah. I'm actually this week. I'm filling in for somebody who's taking a day off the week off, actually. A neighbor who's named my old mention. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I thought that was funny. You mentioned that about Norm. Cause... But, anything who corn dog, Dr. Worsh, Okay. And what time program is that? If you co-produce a show, the message don't call me any more late at night okay i just got you having a stroke i'm trying to get some rest people are cooperating moth got the message he sent me a little thing on the internet i uh when i'm uh my uh on my email i took a look at it was great and that's it he didn't bother call me again yesterday and don't do it any more moth till i let you know i'll give you the high sign god like somebody calling you three in a morning when you remember those puking horrible sick uh flu uh episodes you've been right coming in and going home with that and somebody calling you three in a morning saying oh are you sick right you know what i'm talking about of course leave people alone when people are not feeling their best leave malone let their body have a chance to heal off one of the places you have been doing christ why wanted to call and see how you were doing i don't want them to know how i'm doing i'm it though they can listen to the show and here i'm doing just fine it's gonna be sunny and 38 today 36 whatever this is whatever little snowy god is gonna be melting everything here is wonderful at least one last night came from behind four three over carolina with her coins what more could you want even the path is one last time what the almore could life be okay then maybe some rangers almond bro that is dangerous sometimes if i and i probably shouldn't talk about it because someday somebody's gonna point to figure me it's a first it was the god damn fish food right that it was the uh vagal bites from my well over to help make that and then that wasn't bad enough although the book of burgers at least will be going to get fat from those are they still around oh yeah they're in the supermarkets here you bet and they're good if you like i'll tell you one thing if you like burger king you like the bokeh burgers because they taste like rummer rubble on the out huh no they're okay the bokeh really if you got them up a little bit with a slice of tomato and onion and put little spices on and they're not bad i want some cow you want some real meat yeah that's what i'm feeling to i like some real meat myself five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and i do want to say this as much as i'm getting really sick of that business between Chloe and Lana on smallville they had her dolled up last night was the first night the whole the since the show is been on it she actually was prettier than clerk no seriously she looked really good last night Lana you know the statement she looked great you know i'm serious you really looked stunning last night either was the makeup or something uh she got lucky you're I don't know what it was maybe you can look at with him though no and that part of the story that's a one one complaint about smallville the stories are very compelling and very exciting and very action fact and yati yati at a butt i'm getting really brought out and at whole story line thing with Lana and Chloe and you're like both got the hot spur clerk one thing under stand maybe he's uh not interested in them he's okay right maybe he's more interested in like uh he's maybe he's that could be it maybe what's rub oil on lexas had like he'd like to maybe he'd like to turn him in the oily bird or something i don't know flux Luther here's Miami hello yeah sir sadly you have become a shadow of your former self really i mean your show is developed into the kneel and sycophantic George show yeah and so why are you listening um i tune out often well and the my suggestion is to do it right now before your brain gets any more polluted that that's another one of those chronic regulars right my show is degenerated the kneel and sycoph i like this show i'm more having a good time see that's what he doesn't like we're having a really bad but they're in your good mood and you're not dying and that's right we're very satisfied i'm very pleased with the way i sound now after having a stroke everything is going great but there again is another nice stork from south Florida not hey how you doing you feel okay your show is degenerated but this guy's listening every minute of every day he's a chronic i mean it's one voice i mean you thought that the other guy was mr uh Reverend Joan this guy's as chronic as the day is long yep but he's not in the sick of fatigue i don't know sick of fatigue George yeah i thought George was being rather sick my self today i was a poe you know and there's one of his lackeys oh brother how about Jim lackey the harness driver it was not him are you better you mean having another stroke i know please god don't inspire to what the poll says who'd be the happiest of Neil croaked mohower David would dance on Neil's grave 111 then is the chronic professional Catholic homophobic 28 drawers things he'd get the show 25 he's your working on it now he's pushing it Greg read a real a real evil door 13 fox news Heather's got six yelled he just had a spite for you watch out for him he's the he's the chigorina woodpildo gildo he's dangerous Eric no more long pulls one and the john gives him a fox news has one so are we pushing Eric a little bit too much there good he deserves it 956 at 560 WCM speaking of losing weight speaking of not being so fat and sick all the time here's the answer for you do you like the west book a great story that's there you know something that last chronic i'm trying to say our content exactly who that was as a matter of fact yeah was that Mitch uh well that was one of those uh you know what are the little crew what are those one of the QM wrecking crew anyway over 600 delicious low-carb food products in this one great store of Sure from Actins or Skatkins ramed at a low-carb diet this store is dedicated to you be sure and check out the new low-carb tortilla chips in original or pico gallophilver by carb sense and with their great tasting no carb ruchette if i wasn't far me'll be in shnack heaven to be poppin it right near puss and the food too so whether it's carbolite ice cream breads tips muffins cheesecakes pasta and sauces the Lysobespoca is the place you're gonna fall in love with you can sample before you buy it event an eligible staff open every day seven days a week from ten to ten they carry the most complete line of Actins brand products anywhere new to risk in the good part of the wheel is always 25% off all day every day so with the luck I said it's Actins or any other zillion low-carb diets this store is one you'll fall in love with the number one low-carb sugar restore anywhere the Lysobespoca on the northeast corner blades in a 441 next to Boston market are called tool free one eight seven seven low-carb or check them out the web at low-carb dot com don't forget there's only one the Lysobespoca your official Actins retail center my life and local this is 436 Tony I told you don't bother me while I'm in here ice are hello it's Mickey Mouse oh Mr. Mouse good morning you all for how are you doing to me nothing sir you freaking kill me no not I'm not David Kelly call me every three minutes why did we move the process sir you told me to move the bride and tell you when you must have this on your stunt me no sir you said move the practice to Monday hey listen but white on the boss I'm at the decisions you take the heat right you all go to practice okay are we doing what did anyway hold on we're happy we're gonna shut the hell up I'm on the phone we must find this yeah yes I will your question I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and the local Jackson call me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind hold on get him on stop it with us I'm gonna stop on the floor with us get us it likes this in my hand rematch that's your penis both my other hand rematch that's a phone ball right I can't hear anything we missed I'm sorry I'm sorry sir the moves are working out very well the practice is for the next time and it's coming so we even beating the WB fairly oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a raining success hold on a second remember what's our hell yeah doing was a harmonica I'm allergic I start sir over 25 million people saw that by their listen yeah you see me what I'm doing here sir you're on the phone I'm on the phone do you see what I'm doing you you imagination the quiet I'm moving my hands up and down fly design I'm the puppet master I said you do it now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview but sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like that pop that master me oh yeah yeah I'm not telling you to do a no it's not been wrong with the floor rematch what's this in my ear that you'll be this my other hand rematch that's the phone rematch get out go over to where get all I'm sorry sir 1003 at 560 WQAM how's my sick of hand doing down there oh just fine so then Samials who is one of my sick of ants email being said if you go to ready dot go www dot ready dot go time bridges got some real amusing crap here if you depressed from the u.s department of Homeland Security terrorism forces to make a choice don't be afraid be ready preparing makes sense set an overview and then it's got all these instructions making your kit water and food clean air first aid kit supply checklist be informed biological threat chemical threat nuclear threat radiation threat make a plan creating a family plan deciding on staying or going at work at its school and it's said so on comrades you're not with a tremendous sense of humor all we could have fooled us here's a fact from one of our chronic practices the urban deejames kennedy praised daily for your demise i think we should have had him on air two knows you without a to oh wait not no no well i'm just trying not to be a sick of him oh i see Reverend deejames kennedy ought to be on air air i just mentioned that in passing from the Coral was press material in sure should for a waterdale one of the virulent anti-semites and homophobes in his be the human race Reverend uh who's on who's on all over the world by the way and that's yeah and life thing is spreading love spreading hate here's a fan also this uh i'm surprised even semi this about uh grow testing stapling hangs faced that's bad we've already done the pull on the earth is personnel the IQ have already been there and done that thank you very much you hostile a bastard you see that this this is what they like they want to be able to take a cheap shot that's what they specialize in right unlike us which we would never do that got for bid bunch of cruel heartless bastards what's wrong with you people anyway huh look at the look at the number on the pull i got two two two me two two two hundred and twenty two votes who'd be the happiest of deal croak mohaward dividend would dance on yields grave 129 almost 60 percent makes me feel very bad dentist the chronic professional Catholic and homophobes 31 George thinks he'd get to show 29 Greg read 14 Fox News head 11 the oldie six Eric one and John Gibson a Fox News he's got a small one in fact the fact says i'm as used to refer to John Gibson as the ghoul because of his facial scars what a concept the corpse calling someone a ghoul it says he also described Gibson is one of the dumbest back to his on TV which is more to the point Gibson rose to fame because of oj like many oj trial benefactors has no real news credentials and you are absolutely correct he was a flunky reporter in LA when a whole oj thing started sorry about your stroke it says your second one i think yes what were your symptoms and was it diet related yes it was it was fat related and it was also what are they call sedentary related sitting on my ask for seven weeks in south Florida eating like a pig and uh that that's it little blood talk goes to your lungs cuts off your circulation your brain and like that a little stroke for a friend took me only a ten hours in hospital convinced them that i had a stroke and it took my friend doctor half to tell me that i was right and it's played me exactly what happened well what do you know i know my crachatis right on my strokes mister okay i've stroke a few in my time five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line here's my me lakes hello hey new yes sir hey i'm really sorry about uh your stroke man i uh i know you had one a few years back and uh this man i you got to stop living this cemetery here lifestyle you know how to control the stroke from happening again i don't know why why you don't do it yeah really yeah if you know or you can do to avoid i have a cold excuse me okay if you know you could avoid it i don't understand why you don't do it what does that mean if you could avoid stroke if you know what the reason why you're doing i've lost eight pounds in a week i'm out walking every day as much as i can in the abuttle weather but it's not that bad anymore i'm doing a lot better now than i was there so you've got to explain you what i'm there it's a death wish it's Florida that's right there it's it's south photo there's nowhere to walk there's no real exercise i said on my ass in fact some of my days were comprised of sitting on my ass four hours at work then going home and sitting my ass watching TV and then go into the track and feeding my face and sitting my ass for five or six hours so you're absolutely right is that this life now down here is from your car to the wall from the wall to the farm that's hard to the food does it here i here i don't have a car i don't have a car walk more here already in this land of i've been here for about five days i've got more in these five days than i will down here in five years there you have you absolutely right over originally from New York city in New York city at least they walk down there right yes right they take the subway they walk a my track list right level is is very high it has been very high up to eight hundred so i i take the yeah three to four times a week i walk in the morning to reduce those strike list rise are reduced my track I recognize our seven eight that's fantastic yeah it is that's fantastic so most of the show it just because my cholesterol wasn't too bad matter but it's our great that alone doesn't get the job done because when you're sedentary just like when they tell you when you travel alongside on a plane if you don't get up and walk around you can have those deep pains from both season get the blood clot and go to your heart your brain whatever and croak yes same thing yeah well listen take care yourself really well i like you around for at least a few years at least one person down here in softwater okay i'll make it my vote for for George i know he wants your show even though the show's terminal i i know that he wants your show i can't believe that that that you didn't put rick's edges on that list he hates you like poison he does it doesn't he no no all he loves you he's my buddy okay i don't know all those kids that you did i thought maybe this guy that's why you let my amy because all those kids you did about them it could be okay great they could you thank you thank you thank you see a lot of people other than can't separate the fact from friction you know what i'm saying they can separate the radio stick from from the real oh don't tell them it's not real okay is real see there you go again you can't stop can you we're not even talking about the Middle East we're trying not to talk about the war thing is we're trying and i maybe i'm wrong but i don't even know care i don't want to get bogged down with it you're all or i'd beg you again go to our website folks go to newarages dot com and look at all the great bedtime stories near you'll find for all the intellectuals uh there you'll find some really good stuff all the stuff you need to know about uh what's happening in the really happening with the bush myster and with the allies and the people used to be our allies all of these good things but the Iranians who've already uh uh marched into a northern Iraq into the no fly zone you may discover their own ass and also and of course everybody's standing back rubbing their hands waiting to split up the spoils you know and waiting to hook it up to the freeway and spigot just go to newarages dot com and check out the bedtime stories those v-horeed which most people don't here's my name he hello my name he my name is mine yes sir and i was raving your own yeah okay and the second would you please still be for the he's gay uh one of yours who your people real committee in zimfer what i please don't zimfer that he's gay okay your gay zimfer five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and provide you know so they're really responding to my thing about the best food if they want to visit our own red corn dogs i think that says a lot about south for corn dogs with me would be almond brittle rangers almond brittle not even a contest nothing even close forget the fish food forget about the nestle's turtle rangers almond brittle here's west pombie chillo neale yes sir the godfather guy i told you about the book yeah i got a new slash something that you were really enjoy all right go to two cows dot com and download mario poosos screen saver they're got to be like sixty black and white pictures to keep rotating on your screen saver a wall the godfather one two and three hello the ask you this why would i want to see that but your godfather guy but i mean have it already seen those a million times in the infull color why do i want to see them black and white because of the stargic in the drink fact memories and you like it so i thought i like it no okay have a great day oh my you know something now i'm starting to have like a relapse you want to walk as a talk of these people i realize that i am in a very good mood and i'm here and it's just like a whole different world and these people i i even even the first couple of words from their mouth they all sound so the pressy sounds suicidal don't think right just my imagination a world stuff down here we're just like you wanted to blow his brains up but i'm being you know like sentino said but i'm being why i'm not going to have time to sit around here looking at old pictures from the godfather and black and white that are revolving and rotating and purchasing and living at halsey said cheese good godly mismolik i think we ought to put it on this loop here here's the message from south photo kneel i have no line oh i forgot excuse me see out of sight out of mind 145 say moa would dance on my grave he'd be the happiest if i croaked in waities calls are going so far think that could happen during the show today right on the air thank god it's Wednesday we got our noon to one hour to bail us out George things he'd get the show 32 dentist a chronic sco 31 the two you are like side by each battling it out great read 14 fox news how the 12 yel these six Eric two john gives it a fox news appear and Reverend Kennedy who just went on his already got one he's got one here when you've had an order but he's got one 10 13 at 5 60 wqm south photo if you're out growing your home is your family getting bigger maybe need more room at home for an office in nursery a sewing room maybe one of those emergency shelters or no master bedroom or band we need more space for your place call our guys at strictly additions strictly additions is your one stop shop more space for your place place where the worry for your approach to a spatter your living space they show up exactly on time when i said i got to be there you won't have any hidden charges the experts had pulling permits so the work gets certified on time and for the new year you can use your income tax return to get all the work done all you people out there shopping for new homes why go through all the sweat by the time you sell buy clothes movie might as well just pull some equity out of your current home and call strictly additions you'll pay for a new addition to a home that you already love call strictly additions today at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred would you like to have a nice bomb shot around your house nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred there are some of your professionals for free estimate call crag or factory today nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred strictly additions go save you time lots of cash and you will have to move to improve get a whole new house with the same address call nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred four strictly additions and tell that old pdlay told you to call my life and local this is four three oh five six two way of the way yeah don't have a p all right if you can I find a song of a rag oh if the markets are a drama bomb a rag if the terror is the frisbee pack is there is what the truth is the is to risk the bomb a rag if we have no wildlife with the bomb a rag if we think that so much is the bomb a rag oh so to help with the inspections let's put up for the elections closure mind and take direction bomb a rag all in line and fall the borders one more rag four right sixteen four there's bomb a rag yes agree we'll call the trees and let's make more and I love the season and if we have no reason bomb a rag oh ten eighteen five sixty wc and the mad dog is back today at one we got Hank at three which we haven't heard any change on that so the hump will be long hopefully feeling better three to seven you got her cool hotline is seven the big oh we'll be on for me to ten which is more than long enough at the what is that the NFL combine what is that I don't know the NFL combine that was far me quit it ten o'clock is any k from g and jol mark or when I do can't get their own website because the fence is a hard ass the company is uh who her all the NFL scouts get to watch the players work out this is the 19th of freaking February mister we got an NFL combine showed a night yes sir you have to be shimit me no wonder Josh street and try to knock the crap out of the big oh I don't blame him is that what happened allegedly allegedly but it really didn't Josh been was in and they're sucking around with mulling goli this morning boy talk about desperate and fat so they just had the ready dot guthing on her thanks again Lynn cc inform me we are got it on here just a head of cnn then new website www dot ready dot go if you want to see time region all those childish those juvenile suggestions and how you and a family can save yourself from the impending disaster that's coming any minute after we want you to panic you'll understand that but just relax and before that they showed us a dog you see the thing of the dog on a per se river any ice no that's stranded that's what I mean they got a rescue thing going on what seemed to me that they must have helicopters with ponds tunes right indeed they do at least we did we hear right so what seemed to me that would be the way to go because the dog is out there like an ice thing and he's looking around like you know where the hell is somebody already coming get me and that's very depressing you know I mean you're a lot of people I can think of wouldn't mind if they were out there when I was part but the dog you know woman chased by fake alien sushi reality tv show uh-uh carablanke thought he was being chased by a space alien in Los Angeles on a way to where posh Hollywood to home on the end of this chapter of what is remember I said it was gonna be copy discos would be better right but the end of it is all chopped off that's because probably because it's from uh- what's his name the grudgery port go made a reaction to the other one no but the alien turned out to be an actor in a monster suit and the party was phony as well so not lost angeles grade school teacher in aspiring actresses fighting back suing the new tv reality series tactics what is it something tactic air tactics caretaker see that's the chop the claiming she suffered severe emotional damage court paper city yesterday stupid bitch now what would be good pull question would you write be more scared being followed by a space alien or an illegal alien well what country blanks to the sci-fi channel to produce a scare tactics into actors for scaring yourself badly that she had to be hospitalized several time for physical injuries and severe emotional distress her lawyer said blanks that she was a non-concending on wedding victim of a hidden camera show with a science fiction twist how do you like that uh I got to see it I do you want to go for that anybody by any almond pretty yet so the one fool we've got so far from this various dude audience that they like to have if they run a stranded island they can have as much of it as they wanted but nothing else is corn dog oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh rather my head started to spin again 268 votes on a pool well uh who be the happiest of meal croaks more Howard David would dance on meals grave 160 almost 60 percent they think that he's that evil that hateful that much of a miserable nasty old koot and you know what yeah they could be right George thinks he'd get to show 37 down and Dennis the chronic which that was him before to one about the show is degenerating I wouldn't say something but that was her you know they ended the other episode that previous episode I was just gonna keep a mouthful no no I thought about it because I didn't I say recognize the voice and I was he's got kind of that blank uh yes but that was so we've had Reverend Jones alleged and definitely Dennis the chronic who's still listening by the way this is the guy who's busy calling Mo and everybody else he doesn't belong on the ear and I won't rest till we get him off the ear and he's discussing and to me it's not he calls the show he's still calling the show he can't turn it off and even the audience is on the adenis every time we take a pull and put his name on look how well he does or badly or depending on you look at it they're on the ad they've heard your crap they know what you're all about on every radio station by the way Dennis the chronic professional Catholic homophobic 32 votes trading George by only five Greg Reed the real evil do were 14 fox news header that bitch 12 y'all they just got a spite six Reverend DJ Kennedy three already Eric no more long pulls to and jab gives it a fox news has got a small pair corn dogs what do you say oh I'd start to this for it I wouldn't I would not touch the corn dogs that's got to be one of the nasty things that you can ever even dream like a Saturday afternoon microwave food if you have two food for me north Miami hello hey New York stop I don't sir I'm good I'm glad to hear you're doing all right okay yeah just okay even you're having a very morbid fall today so yeah when we say it's morbid it's just being honest that's all siano show we just know that if I quote there'd be certain people it would be very happy about it but then they'd have nobody to hate it if it finds somebody they'd find somebody they'd hateful people always find somebody to hate don't you remember that song by jiffers and her playing somebody to hate I you know I called I was I'm so I don't employ for a flight in my excersion the web I look on brimuted dot com because I live in there while I'm as a link to your website there why is that why that I don't know because I think I turned on a few people and they liked you how do you like that hey hello brimuted even though you can't hear us they can though I you see it I shouldn't get out of here brimuted I swear I swear I should get you in the web do you have any idea how far out into the Atlantic brimuted is 650 miles so how about can I hear that signal when you go out in 441 and it's like what that an a can hear us in brimuted the web oh I see well the web that hear us anywhere in the world I mean that's goes without saying we used to we used to all meet at the coffee shop and talk about your show oh oh oh you're pretty exciting place oh man it's chronic it's this chronic is this place it's horrible yeah I'm not gonna leave it anymore but the guy that wanted me to spend my afternoon looking at godfather pictures on the internet I mean I I almost forgot what he's called were coming from so I probably took with little too hard on him so I figure I figure that since we've nobody to blame for his blizzard I figured it was the shot of doing for the blizzard maybe that's okay have a great day 560 5060 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line got a whole bunch of stuff here by the way Albert trans sure made backs US radio consolidation this is one of the most ridiculous stories I've ever ridden my life and they're doing it because all their big clients like two channel that's what they wanted them to say and it also says that in the story we'll get to that oh the state of oral sex don't let me forget about that what state is that in this is sippy I think that's why Rick we've removed there just before he passed on to the great football booth in the sky how safe is oral sex that question's been on the tip of many tongues ever since AIDS raised it steadily head now on this is from the village voiced by the way now on expert said that falacio may not be risky at all at least when it comes to spreading HIV Dr. Jeffy Clowsner who heads these sexually transmitted disease prevention effort at San Francisco Department of Public Health faced his conclusion on a new study of 239 gear by sexual men who reported no anal or vaginal sex and no injection drug use in the prior six months 98% said they'd given head without condoms 28% said they knew their partner was HIV positive and of those 39% said they had swallowed semen none of them and became infected the risk of HIV transmission via oral sex plasma maintains is and I'm going to read this exactly the way it's printed you'll see it on our website this is on her the state of oral sex he says is very very very very very low and maybe zero did you get that are you pushing that homosexual agenda again the risk of HIV transmission via oral sex plasma maintains is very very very very very low and maybe zero a 2002 Spanish study supports Clowsner's new spik researchers there followed 110 women in 25 men Molly Chibi negative for 10 years each participant had an HIV positive partner the investigators estimated that over the course of the study the couples engage in 19,000 acts of unprotected Felicia or Cunnolingus none of the negative partners converted in other words got infected got it got it that's good so there you go state of oral sex is not not not suggest them now we're committing I'm not endorsing I'm just we need whatever it says and that's in the very very left wing village voice found on the same I get it I mean I don't want to be because of that sycophantic so no okay Dennis I'll get upset with you again that was Dennis that was Dennis calling into critique our show and it's become very ponderous moe I sycophantic little George is because you want suck his ass because we know exactly what he is and what he's all about asshole a real serious asshole and by the way Dennis nice try it didn't work heal in your asshole buddy 1027 at 560 WQAM hey it's been a gaining weight there a lot of people out there desperate lot and even big army is desperate why not do something that you haven't tried before a lot of people keep trying to save diets over and over again and what I found is a lot of time something a work for you once and your brain kind of outsparks itself and you can never go back and do it again if you haven't tried balance for life you have nothing to lose but all that weight there's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries just great results like the beast is getting lost over 50 pounds i guarantee we've saved that punct life and once his head starts drinking normal size you know we're really doing a good job form they deliver your little black sack to your door by 6 a.m. no matter where you are every morning whether you're at work whether you're at home whether you're at the massage potter three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are right in your black sack it's all prepared for you it's all fresh and delicious there are chicken dishes and beef and turkey all kinds of good stuff omelets and fatata's and you name it nothing pre-fabricated nothing frozen and they let you pick between two choices for each one of the meals every day that you're in a program that's the only choice you'll have to make they do all the figuring for you based on the zone diet so like i said the food for the entire day is a new year and have to worry about buying anything else and the weight just pours off your body so that balance for life up you lose the way to real delicious way call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 they'll give you all the tales 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check them out of the web at balance for life dot com and no time at all you can look better than the lovely beast you'll rod your god coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look at the startup with her leather jacket and smoking guitar she epitomized the leather jacket and smoking guitar look popularized in the 19 maybe by her she was Joan Jack I just wanted to say to the world hey I'm a girl and I've got a leather jacket and a smoke guitar you can get my female ass Joan Jack's reveal you style influenced everyone from pinkie to scat arrow and happy days do well nobody else actually okay so I wasn't that influential fight me clearly we needed another angle for a profile of Joan Jack well she did starter career with the all female rock band the runaways hey there's something the lesbian angle we asked Joan about the wild nights of girl under a action that must sure it resulted when the runaways run tour hey that's never happened to you are way out of lie sure Joan Jack and the knife she's still collecting royalties from her hit song but the other members that are on the ways aren't doing so well so when we paid them to admit to having same sex encounters that Joan Jack they readily complied former runaway lead afford oh yes I explored the neither reach net never regions of Joan Jack's body and it was fantastic can I go now we didn't interview another bad member she'll be curing Joan Joan Jack satisfied me a ways of me and never could thank you can I go now Joan Jack she didn't give us a lot to work with but we fuck with her just the same it's a big juicy shopping went look at your business tonight on inside the I tell you one of the last things we need in this country okay another dick in the White House yeah look who's on and Kate Koma inducing dick abhard that's a one of the great democratic candy jab bush looks on Spanish history which you just defact me this yeah Madrid Spain the U.S. president's brother jab bush's bar criticism after mistakenly referring to Spain as a republic and a speech to the Spanish business leaders during a trip to Madrid to discuss business opportunities Florida governor jab bush's blunder was reminiscent of president bush's past lipups which have included pronouncing Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Eisenar's name incorrectly Spanish history and Juan Pablo Fuzzi said he or by bush was foolish and grotesque foolish and grotesque it's an offense to Spain and it's democratic monarchy Fuzzi told writers it's further it further ridicules the bush is in general bush the Florida Governor was in Madrid to promote the state to Spanish businesses and meet Prime Minister Eisenar speaking in Spanish bush said I want to thank the president of the Republic of Spain for his friendship with the U.S. Spain is not been a republic since the late 1930s when general Francisco Franco crushed Republican troops in the civil war Franco's nationalist dictatorship blessed until his death 1975 when Spain became a constitutional monarchy King Juan Carlos I is not ahead of the state his older brother president bush went referred to as now as Anzard hit his birth visit the Spain as U.S. president in 2001 President Bush accused by puns of having a shaky grasp on geographies also famously referred to Greeks as Greeceians I will be too like their formula for hairlost don't we or for hairlost or whatever it is he once said a shiver through jittery stock market when he was speaking about the deflation in the Japanese yen and accidentally said devaluation which led to a brief rush to sell the international currency markets devaluation deflation in now same difference there's dick just pathetic you know he's really sad yes today we told you that 2.2 million credit cards have been hacked right guess what 8 million the huh and that says it's cards hacked like visa and master card american expressed as close to breach and now visa puts the figure at 8 million along with the credit card company say a hacker breach the security system of a company that processes transactions to get a customer information american expressed which said there are no signs of fraudulent use yet will not disclose how many accounts were involved with the company joins visa and master card those two said a combined 5.6 million of their account numbers were subject to the breach so we're lucky to almost 8 million make it a little bit nervous don't know if you have any credit cards course in georgias case and it Carlos is case who the hell are we kid he's a library card who be the happiest if Neil cloaked is our poll question that they on your rages uh... can i see to be where they want to dedicate their uh... attention today they don't care about this digital thing and about candy and rages uh... almond brittle and corn dogs or coriano they do care about corn dogs which i think so i care about the dog that's lost on the ice there in the psa river new jersey i'm concerned about him corn dogs you can have mister i don't want to fair i gramma to told me long time ago corn dogs are for goyum who be the happiest of Neil croaked mowhower dated with dance on heels rave one eighty one fifty nine percent did we get a cause by the way said that the most show us a show a son of a lot better no since the baby citizen with a crez i made a common a call us agreed but i get the feeling that our people are not listening in the morning oh Carlos is a sick of fint anyway oh for god George thinks he'd get to show forty five out just changed again let's see if you and then is still doing it out not take a win well if would uh... she's what's going on there it is pretty slow there oh yeah you're pulling away jords in second place forty five that is the chronic asshole thirty six and by the way that is the i guess he felt compelled to call him because his name was on a poll so since he did call in you would have thought that if this word true he would have said oh yeah well i disagree with a lot of what you say but i certainly wouldn't want to see you croaked you know if he were any kind of a guy since he said you're good catholic and i'm such an e-general piece of crap you have a saying yeah but he didn't say that maybe he's going to go to confess instead he took another cheap shot just hoping he might have to inflict another stroke maybe the fatal one the fatal blow Greg read a real evil who has got seventeen votes fox news had a twelve guilty six Reverend Kennedy's up to five already he just went on there Eric no more long pulls for and John gives him a fox news only two he is obviously small potatoes here's a call from my any hello hey hi Neil yes sir i got a message for the second cycle don't drop the soap no okay squeeze the tide Jose and very cute hey it's your people man your people very amusing very funny and Lucy Lucy five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's hope sound hello yes sir Neil i'm glad you're finally taking this seriously you're help I'm talking about oh but don't be so proud it's a week and a half since i had the scope of what you could carry the way yeah but you so much more committed than you have well we'll see how long it lasts and you you have a treadmill don't you yeah in South Florida yes they do try to I a great exercise but that's a fan of George bought me for my birthday few years ago and they both sit there you just did just can't motivate yourself but let me sit let me say this to you okay neither one of those is a substitute for walking and that that maybe that's an excuse for being lazy which I am but walking there's just no comparison it doesn't get to job does that the same that that the same effect for me is just walking walking does wonders for me well good well then expected that listen there's a company I've been ordering from for about 10 years out of Canada called this this confitamin if you go on the internet under this confitamin dot com yeah they have a all unbelievable amount of books and knowledge and articles just on different conditions and things you should be taken naturally it's very interesting okay I'm doing that my my blood chemistry is great I take coq 10 and I take official capsules I've been taken for years you know my blood is great and it's set of and so on but the condition of my body needs some help yeah not because you have to diagnose yourself to figure yourself your doctors do nothing no you know you just hit it on the head you have to be your own doctor you can't do it completely but you have to be to a great deal extend your own doctor that's what I'm doing well I wish you the best of luck and let George know there's a reality show on show times this Saturday night on see more months is life okay after the fight thanks I'll tell him okay hey by the way George there is after the fight what's that 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only AT&T Verizon 9 10 41 a QM and if you tired of that big ugly bald spot if you want to have some here again and you want to look great unlike those other silly people that have the hairpieces Charles Alfieries the guy you want to see because he's got that natural hair line system the best in the universe all these other hairpieces man they look there they're a joke they're like for Dennis Cassinous you want to run for president go see Chuck Alfiery first Dennis okay lock it around with that hairpiece you're not going to get elected dog catcher Sam Domison nobody you don't see him anymore ABC there to embarrass to put him on here anymore Aaron Brown you're on CNN and Wimpy you're in Brown with that awful awful piece forget about it look great look younger and better than the other thought you could again with a natural hairline system from Chuck Alfiery and one of the best things about the deal is it's affordable when you mention your largest when you make that call you see if you've been $200 more off the already affordable price so instead of spending thousands from how to look and piece that makes people laugh at your ass get yourself a great look and head ahead from Chuck Alfiery here's the toll free number to call 1-800-3-21-2413 1-800-3-21-2413 look better and younger than you ever thought you would again would chuck Alfiery, check them out of the web if you like it, Charlesoffiery.com I'm in this way some found was born in a home just like in the airport which is trying to understand what's just called a girl in the house I'm happy you're a friend of mine to be the other way I was just believing in a light in the feet because I'm a feminine guy feminine guy I'm a little bit similar in the twisted I'm a feminine guy feminine guy look what they did for Morris in Mount Sinai 1046 at 560 WCM it's a good thing that we know that that are good friend Tennis's listening to you, they wonder why was that? I don't want to disappoint him, so here's this story from cbsnew.com. Sex abuse suit filed in Missouri. Oh! Two former Roman Catholic priests included a brother of a prominent advocate for clergy abuse victims, were sued yesterday by a man who contends the men molested him for most of his childhood. The alleged victim claims he was molested by one of the men then turned to the other for the help, the priest then began molesting him also the suit claims. The Gary pool nor Kevin Colhassie has been criminally charged, also named as play this with the guysys of Jefferson City, retired bishop Michael McCollough and Bishop John Gadoos, who heads to the Nazis. Are you believing some of these names? I'm not making a mop, I'm just making a story John Gadoos, who heads to the Nazis. Colhassie's brother David is national director of SNAP, these survivors never come to view his by priests, he's a strange from his brother. A woman who answered the phone at pool's Jefferson City homes that the former priest had no comment, Khlohassie who lives 30 miles north of Jefferson City and Colhambia couldn't be reached for a comment, his phone number is not listed, and his brother don't know how to get a hold of him. So to speak. A new talk to brothers filed an 80 million dollar lawsuit yesterday claiming they were viewed in the 1970s by a priest teaching at the Catholic High School in Salt Lake City. The priest is currently serving a 40-year prison terminal for sex abuse. The Salt Lake Dicey said in the statement yesterday that the learned of the alleged abuse to one victim in November 2002 that I see offered pastoral care and reported the allegations to state officials that said, In Wisconsin yesterday, the Madison Dicey announced his paid out $1.6 million to 19 victims of sex abuse in the past two decades, Bishop William Bullock said that I see new undocumented abuse allegations against four of its priests. The Dicey seriously nearly 265,000 Catholics in 11 South Western Wisconsin, I was Wisconsin County. And notice what a tremendous job they've done and put this all back under the carpet again. Yeah. They just swept it right back under the carpet again while people are too busy worried about whether they got enough duct tape and this queen stuff like that. And important things. And what they got enough Rogers almond brittle. Now you know as well as I do that somebody out there from our vast listening audience, some of our silent majority of people who obviously would never call, They're on www.rodgerstruckwoods.com, right ordering almond brittle ordering tons of it ordering almond brittle up the ass by the case by the truckload. So I'm hoping that one of these days in the furlough, you know, because I can't expect anybody to come in on it because nobody's listening ever had it. I had it. That's okay. I figured part you had a stroke and almond brittle too. Look, a couple of little pieces of candy are not that difference between being fat and fat and like I told yesterday, which you would understand when you tied yourself over. If my blood sugar is 101, I must be able to pretty good control. When you say that's pretty damn good. There you go. Considering what a fat-old slob-eye was obsessed with food and sweets. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I want to tell you a story on Monday. I got out for a week for work because it was present and I decided to go for a cruise. I was trying my best in and I saw this hot ass black hooker on a dayday for you know. I was 6.705.60, pound-5.60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Wow. What movie polka do we do in the 11 to noon hour? How long for a kill-off the last hour today? I'm telling you, this audience, the entire radio station. I mean, the sports nerd shows it's either the same stupid questions about well, you think that Danny can make you come back this year because we really need a bat or it's like a mo-hat to do this morning and with a list of scumbag athletes who fall in from grace like Jose Consocco. That's it. A list has to be a list. Other than that, they can't cut it. They've got no material. They have nothing to talk about. No life. What are you saying? What was your favorite black and white movie? Yeah, there you go. What were your favorite black and white pictures on the internet that you look at those 6 to 6 pictures of the god? I still pick it over that. This guy really believes I'm going to spend my afternoon here on the internet looking at black and white pictures from the godfather because I like the godfather? Jesus, godman, you talk about desperate. You talk about just barely being among the living. I think there are a lot of people in south Florida have been saying it for years. They died a long time ago, but nobody bothered telling them. They're just still walking around. They're still crawling around. They're hanging. Here's Papadobi, tell them. Hello, yes sir. Yes. You were talking about a scolk and I had to have a minor one a couple of years back. And just came from the gym, exercise like a fool all my life. Yeah. Excellent shape and very smoke. There you go. That's one of the main factors smoking. Yeah, I tried to cut down, but I had a mini stroke and it was very unusual because I came home and I wanted to watch the football game. My wife came home a couple hours later. She was what he's doing. I was going to watch the football game. I forgot to watch the football game. Did you know what happened? Didn't know we had a party that night. Nothing. After a little bit, I'll come back to me, but it was strange, strange kind of feeling. Exercise doesn't do it all the time, I guess. No, smoking smoking is one of the worst things you can do. Yeah, smoking is tough to quit. They've murdered. Got you on that. Are you still smoking? I shouldn't have. Oh no. I'm still quitting. What kind of flowers would you like his descendant? Come on. Cut it out, pal. Cut it out. I just want to realize that for you. So sitting isn't the only fair idea. Good luck, you pal. Thanks. I'd like to have a least-heat miss it. Yeah. See that? That's very rare that we hear from anybody like. Because our audience is always like finger pointers. I'm a fat slob and hanks a fat slob and this one. But they're all perfect. All the way, I've seen a lot of them in a quite frankly. They're all like Mickey Mouse. You know what I'm saying? Right. Yeah. And they're the dog. They've got the dog and they've got the robot. They didn't have to go through the helicopter thing because I didn't realize that they were able to get a little boat out there. And they got the- Are you watching it? I'm watching it now. And he got that stick that you want to run around. The dog don't want to come. Come on. Get in that boat. Get in the boat sweetheart. Come on. They got two guys there. I mean the dog only got a bit. A medium sized dog. Grab it. Get him in the boat. There we go. There we go. Dog in the boat. Dog rescue underway. Something good happened today, okay? You people out there that don't like dogs. You know what? Fuck you. Especially the cat people. Oh, you see women? Cats. I have no problem with that. It's kind of a, you know, it fits no problem. But guys who are in the cats. I have a real problem with that. Do you know any guys who are in the cats? Book a brain. Like I said, strange guys are in the cats. Speaking of women, here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Okay. Hi, how are you? Okay. I want to thank you. I'm one of the maybe few people that love the articles you took out. In fact, I get rid of that. Are you the one that reads those? You're the one that reads them. Yeah, I don't know where you find some of them. I look at some of the headings and I put them on my favorite style. I see some of them from the New York Times, but some of the other places the sources are great. I'd never find them. So thank you. Mom's that I'm delighted because I was wondering if anybody can bother his room. I really do like them. Of course they're one splendid, but that's the plan. Well, that's the idea. They're enough. They're enough right wing websites out there. We've got to even an up a little bit. You got that right. So thank you. And when you're not there, there's nothing up there. There's a big blank space in my gun. No. So I really look at them almost every day. Well, we're never going to let Carlos pull that crap again. That's a lot of heavy great day. Thank you very much. Bye bye. She was very nice to the money all side, but that's where it goes. I don't think anybody in it. First of all, young people don't read newspapers. So why should I expect them to go to our website and read the bedtime story? See, that's another reason when I was reading the bedtime story. She run a year, even though it was much more productive than something through a bunch of really idiot calls, which most of them today have been. But hey, that's what the audience wants. Give it to a baby. That's what they want. They want to cause a rise, the old saying goes, they want crap. Why don't you give me the push? But oh no, I was meditating one of our colleagues. No, I understand, but that's just what they want. Very sad. You can't force me to public out there. They want Drek. They want Kaka. That's why a third of the people watching television money that watch Joe Midian Air. A third of the people are watching TV in this country watching, and that country, or watching Joe Midian Air. It was kind of a turn off that you had all that money. Oh, God, was either one of them attracted? No, I mean, interesting? No. No. He was like a doldard. I saw the eclipse they showed on the news all day, I said, he's a doldard. Not to mention, in fact, ugly. ugly. Looks like a retard. Looks grow test. And she was the meest at best, margin like about a 2.5 and a scale of 50. But it's the hype, baby. Selva, hi. Forget about the content. Nobody cares about the content. America is not interested in that. And again, just like they said, they're on that side right yesterday, about the difference between the media approach on what's happening in the world in Europe, and what we're presented with in America, and even the difference between a Canadian approach to what a news and what's in America. Pablo, they feed the American public, Pablo and Puk and crap, and that's what they become well-conditioned. Most of the newscast is especially local newscasts, isn't even real news anyway. It's Kaka. Tough pieces. Joe, maybe they're in Michael Jackson, that's what the American public wants. All the other stuff that's going on to get tried and give me to blow the guy they in the world up. Wow, but me, I don't like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. What's the point? They don't want that. The lack I said living in breathing people don't read newspapers and certainly aren't looking at the, they're too busy on porn sites to run around the internet. They don't have time to read the, find what's going on in the world. Although, like I said, the one promising thing was in a big protest over the weekend, with a millions of people who marched against war over the weekend, and enormous percentage of those people were like 20, something and even under 20s. So maybe there's some hope. 10, 56, at 5, 60, WC, there's some hope for your carpets, even if they look like they're hopeless. They're really bad, really schmoocy and desperate. In fact, you know, something that's, that's why the most impressive things is when your carpets do look in spell really bad, is that dry concepts coming in, chalk the crap out of you. They get all the crap out of your carpeting, they suck out that eat down dirt by dry cleaning, your carpets, so the only people in the world who do this, it's a patented method. And when they get done, your carpets look just like brand new, they smell them any fresh, they're dry in a couple of hours, and you're just standing there with an amazed look on your posts like how can these carpets look like brand new. And if you're a guaranteed, they will, and I should know, have an used dry concepts in my house for well over 20 years now. They leave your carpets for free, vibrant and colour and softer the touches well. And when it's time to clean your upholstery, too, your leather furniture, all your other good things, your stuff. These are the people who are stupid as job for you. For example, if you have pet otters, if you have like a little draw, like mine, it leaves his mark everywhere around the house, or mildew it is caused by water damage. They'll make those disappear like magic. Can they give you a written guaranteed price up front for any work that they do for you? And guarantee me for this start to job. So if you want to spend this job at an unbeatable price, call dry concepts, toll free, 1-800-248-507-1 1-800-248-507-1 just log onto their website, dryconcepts.com Thanks today, entertain tonight, with our friends at dryconcepts. We're going to be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and you'll be in the middle of the day, and you will be in fathers and parents will be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll be in the middle of the day, and we'll have any pain and there's a pain, and my whole family will be bleeding from the Criminal Court of William, and we're crying to the end, and what an ugly emotional mum! We're praying for a son! And we'll be here as well! with Wally. G-beast, you better clean that keypattle before I'm all get home. Um, G, I don't know, Wally. It's kind of thank you. So, you didn't clean the peepattle, huh? Yeah, fat little bastard, you tuba lad. You're walking, go ahead. Told you, you need that soil. Help me so hard on the vine. Take a minute, please. Time we had a little chat. Um, I don't know. Okay. Who knows anything to lump through? What the standard? Yep, I said not to lump thump, broken. But you stopped me, I tell her I'd da- That's it. Remember my friend here? Mr. Belts? Don't feel, don't tell her. I don't need to. I don't need to stop. I said, stop it. You should come out of your pipe smoking poop? Okay. But don't stand near the window. What for? Cut you might fault. Number 3-5-60-W-2-Q-A-M-Go-Frog-It-Nune-1-A-R-G-R-Comedy-Bits-Wins-V-R-D-A-T-T-The-Lord, you know? Oh yeah. You working on our list for tomorrow? Favorite black and white movie? There you go. And then we'll do our favorite- your favorite color movie, your favorite-techno-your-a-codacrome movie I'm Friday. And we'll play Paul Simon and Codacrome in a background, all in the whole four hours. Who would be the happiest of Neil Crook's? More Howard David would dance on his grave 213rd team. George 56, Dennis the chronic 40, Reg Reed 18, Fox Newsheader that bitch 13, Yolty 8, Reverend James Kennedy 8. Eric, five and John Gibson's small birthday does Fox News 2-A-Zone appear. Look at that phone, baby. Is it smoking or what? Nothing. Nothing. So we're left with corn dogs. I guess why frankly I don't want to be spread on desert island. Oh yeah, people in the audience. Bummer. Corn dogs is the best they can come up with. 560, 560, pound-560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Just hope your feeling better, it says, as you see, there's no place to walk around the golf course in Plantation. Feel better to stay healthy, a lot of cabbage and Brussels sprouts. Yeah. By the way, at 320 PM yesterday, Hank blurred it out the F-word, then he said it was the medication that did it. PR routes to screw you George with him, she says, with love and kisses, of course. He blurred it out the F-word. How come we're not getting any spyre ports about what's going out with that stuff? I'm a good question, but that can be put in the pipeline. So tight-lipped about what's going on there that if it's supposed to be a big secret, because they know that if I found out I'll put it out on the air. Yeah. Because the public deserves to know about these things. Are you on medication? Yes. So if you blurred it out the F-word. Well, if you, how do you like that? Huh? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got one hour till noon. Okay. Let's see if this audience can do it. What do you say? They don't have to be good. Look at that. We sure liked here. First of all, Carlos keeps putting all these, I mean, that lady was nice. Even though she was 100 years old, she was very nice because she at least reads the bedtime stories, which made Carlos feel it's worthwhile all the effort he has to go through to put him on there. Take some at least, watch 20 minutes every day. Don't get it started. What do you mean by that? Well, the procedure change, but we don't want to talk about that. You just relax. I'm not getting involved in the middle of the night. Because we have because we have, because I'm right up with the psycho. I psycho, uh, computer needless to say. Don't ever call me again, Eric. I'm telling you right now, be it a, Burgess mistake you ever made in your life. Another thing he does when he calls here, like when he was doing it last time I was here. In fact, I think that set the stage for my stroke. I pick up the phone. Hi, you know, like I'm expecting to hear from him. You know what I mean? Like I should be expecting his call. What am I going to do for him? What does he need me for? You think that a guy who like jeopardized their entire livelihoods on his program not too many months ago? You think that he would like really be to an online real tight, but when you're that big and fat, it's hard to totalign. Can you see him doing like a tight rope at the circus? Huh? Uh-huh. A better Carlos would pay a lot to see that. It would be tight. Here's Cutler-Rage, hello. Hey, I'm going to you. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm moving on to Ohio, and I just wanted to thank you for all the good times through all the all the bonheets, and uh, I don't know, man. I don't know if you, uh, you can stand my amy so much. I can't wait to get the whole out of here. That's why I'm here, man. I love Toronto. All right, thanks for everything. God bless you. Good luck to you, pal. Thank you, bye-bye. Okay. Here's you guys leaving. Not here for him, okay? That's the goal of most people that are brain and soft order course people that, you know, don't know any better. Oh, this is paradise paradise. Yeah. When I left there was like 87-88 degrees of it in the early February. What the hell is that? The middle of February 88-90 degrees? That's winter. Yeah. A little bit too hot and salty until they, they allergies in the mold and the stuff like that. I would say yesterday, not that anybody seems to care, but yesterday I turned the corner, as far as the stroke thing is concerned. I mean, then by next Monday, I'm predicting that'll be like back to abnormal for me. Okay, good. Because it takes a couple of weeks. But yesterday, I stopped with like the, that sensation, it just a little bit of a nod. The headachey, a brainy like, you know, I'm telling you, I don't know. But you don't want to know. Don't go it out. No, I always advise you. Don't ever have a stroke. And let me say one other thing too since I got mentioned about smoking, smoking and smoking. Mm-hmm. There's a little cigarette. Remember what I had those little cigars? Right. It still haven't had one, but I'm saying, don't. What did I tell you about those? What was I complaining about? Right. That my your whole head feels like you're full of a smoke and like you're in a fog. I hate direct, don't bring any more of those little cigars to the track you jack at. You mean well, but you're a killer man and the cherry flavor, which makes it taste good is extra. Oh, poisonous poison. Those things in and again, because they're small, you chain smoke and like cigarettes. Right. Oh, God. During a course of night at the track, I'd sit there in smoke five or eight or ten of those goddamn thing. Good Lord. By the time I left there, I was like, you know, I didn't know if I had the two over to one five six or nine over to seven. I didn't know what that was going on. I didn't know Brian series from series in Robocke. But that's just the way it goes, you know. No more of those damn little Stowies, Derek. How many how many people do we know? All of us who are trying to kill us with kindness. The food pushers, the cigar pushers, or you still smoke and Stowies? No. No, I'm not. Well, you are now. What do you mean by that? When they give you and give them to you? It doesn't matter what you say, you still smoke and cigars? No, well, here's so anyway. I'm not. I see what you're saying. No, I'm not. No more of those. Did I smoke any of those in that pack? I didn't even know. No, I didn't even open that. I gave you the package unopened in its pristine form with the plastic condoms still on it. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Good show guys. Yeah. That's him. Oh, that's more on again. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty. Put these chronic sound Carlos. You should be doing a little bit better by now. Okay. Oh, from spoken infagants. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. How are you doing? Yeah. Neil. Nate. I just wanted to ask you a question. Sir. Sir. Do I know you personally? No. Why would you call me that? Why would you call me by my real. I don't go by that name on it. But nobody calls me that except my relives. I've always wondered why do people do that when they call this show? What is the attraction that they want your real name come on? What do you prefer? I prefer being called Neil or whatever. And how do you want to ask for a rating like that? But not miles. Okay. My apologies. You know. It's stupid. Why do people do that? I don't know. Maybe it makes you feel like I've been getting myself people. Obviously. No. I apologize. No. You're early in the evening. You're self-improvement race. But go ahead. I just want to say that I wanted to thank George W. Bush for basically taking us from being a laughing stock of the world to being perceived as the fully warm longer in country of the world. And to them, I'm glad to be able to get to craft together and find somebody that doesn't want to make a puke. Or we're really asked if you know what I mean. Okay. Thanks Neil. Okay. Oh, Canada. Bush blocks Neil. Low and teeth drugs for the world's poor, by the way. So this is the British newspaper of the Guardian. George Bush's close links with the drugs industry were last night. This is today's paper by the way. So it is last night. Blame for the favor of talks in Geneva. And that securing access to cheap medicines for developing countries. Delicate to the World Trade Organization expressed frustration that the US again rejected the deal that would have loosened global patent rules to enable poor countries to import cheap copies of desperately needed drugs. We believe that governments should maintain their distance and should not be directed by pressure groups. One EU trade officials said. Negotiator said a solution to the dead likely in America's hands. The pharmaceuticals lobby is running the show in Washington. One development activist said. The pharmaceuticals lobby in Washington is running the show. And not only that, but since I am in Canada, I should mention to you any EU people to buy your prescription drugs on the web on the internet. You're from a new with that. Aren't you a lot of the companies up there? We're some prescription drugs. And much reduced prices and not gouging the public like they do all of America. Well, guess what? The drug companies got together and they said, well, we're not going to supply with any of our drugs anymore unless you quit doing that. Right. So we're not going to let the American consumer have a get any kind of a break. We're going to continue gouging and raping you as opposed to like up here. Or even buy a leg or over to counter. So Clarence over to counter down there. Theram was over to counter here for years. The price of prescription drugs here is a fraction of what it is in America. Why is it that the public continues to want to be raped in pillage by these rich assholes? I don't get it. And speaking of being raped and pillaged. Where's that other store? Which I'm sure is on a website. Florida Attorney General calls for US aid. Don't have to be on the website. Send the Sun Sentinel. Florida Attorney General calls for US inquiry. The soaring gas prices. The state Attorney General wants federal investigators to find out whether Florida gas stations are taking advantage of the threatened war in the Middle East to artificially drive up prices. And I really call for investigation. You know what? Don't you think we ought to send this? Sorry. Check it on that. It's a very big mystery. We have no idea what the answer is. Attorney General Charlie Chris Jesus Christ. Oh Charlie Chris. Ask the FTC on Tuesday to investigate the recent dramatic spike in gas prices. Florida's average cost per gallon for regular gasoline yesterday was a buck 66 up 19 cents from month earlier and 56 cents more than a cost a year ago currently American out of available association. It's the highest average price ever in Florida and now three cents more than the national average of time in the year when gas prices are usually lower. Florida's average price is more triple A said because it's not like the height of the tourist season. In software gas prices are even higher. The averages between a buck 60 bucks 70 in buck 70 to a broad date in Palm Beach County's purple A said. I'm concerned that some companies are retailers are taking advantage of the impending crisis to increase their profits by unjustifiably rising prices. Quest said and literally FTC commissioner Timothy Jamier. And it goes on and on and on. More tax cuts for the wealthy for the big corporations. They continue raping the public the pharmaceutical companies all invent would have big politicians of both parties and the public keeps going little bit like that. And you know what I think I think Mo had a point. Well, so when he said gang rape is funny because that's what's happening in America. That's exactly how to describe it. Thanks, Mo. You will coat. 1113 at 560 WQM. If you ever presented with an opportunity when you should a could or what it does something but you failed to do it. Why not do something now to really help yourself in that wallet? Which I was just talking about. There's an incredible fan of a mortgage rate out there at 3.45 percent. And this rates available by calling financial group. They'll be having to answer all your questions. Just call tool free 1-800-940-53-63. If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45 percent, you'd save yourself 30 500 bucks in the first year loan for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe. And a hundred thousand dollars cost you only 447 bucks a month. This is an opportunity that won't last because it's a 40 year low. So if you think about refinancing or buying a home-calf an inch of group tool free, 1-800-945-63-63 the process is simple. And the call is absolutely free, 1-800-940-L-END. Financial group has been an equal housing lender. The thousands of borrowers just like yourself with this fanning-a program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long. 5.34-APR. Call financial group for all the entails tool free 1-800-940-L-END. Rye and local. We are sports-win-U-56-U-A-U-A-M. It's day to my every town at 5-6-0. W-Q-A. In the best-based hurry-up world, you need all the energy you can get. That's why there's new triple-caf coffee. You have to have three times the caffeine of regular coffee to give you a real boost when you need it. So if you're a doctor, triple-caf really helps me focus. Scavel. A teacher. Run to the teacher's lounge and get another mug of triple-caf. Just bring the whole pot and the rest of you shut up! Or airline pilots. Step-up, ramp, play-go on your fast-rack. Schwist-to-new triple-caf coffee. It's triple-good. In fact, I'm gonna have some more right now. Where's my f***ing mug? 118-5-60 W-Q-A-S-S-S-S-S-N-G-L-Marcher where they can't have their own website because parents is a hard ass. And there's a phrase that they're gonna take away some of the thunder from the QAM website. Even though they have their own webcam and they do something that's totally different from the sports nerds. The other 16 or 18 hours of the day? Yeah, that's that. Oh, I thought so. 5-6-7-05-60. It could be a hard ass, of course. He's part of the sportsocracy in our radio station as much as we like him on payday, which is only a week from yesterday. As much as we like him on the 10th and 25th of each month, the rest of the time, a little on a marginal side or a clearance because of the fact, he's part of the sports mafia at QA, and he's part of the problem, not part of the answer. You don't say? No, what do you say? So when you call the board of stations to tell them that you're feeling better and he answers the phone, sports, even though it's supposed to be the program director's office, you say to yourself, Oh, everything you need to know, exactly. That's right, and like I said, fraction of a second, that one sports, that's all I need to know. In case I had not already learned it. Here's a call from Hollywood, hello. I know how are you doing today. Okay. I'm sorry, I just soon and I believe you're in Canada now, is that correct? Yes. Okay, so you probably did not see what I saw on the news. I don't know if someone told you about it about the mold in the ducts. No. Okay, what is that mold? What is it? That is a special one. One of the news reports are something I've had about mold in the ducts. The air ducts and the air conditioning vans and so forth. And I heard you talk about it before on your station that you had a problem in the actual studio or the station or whatever. What should we do? We have a bad problem in there. In fact, when I come back, I'm getting a, I'm getting one of those hepatitis for the room. I was actually curious because I'm, I and my family had a lot of cold blatantly. I was just curious if you, you know, I've heard you talk about dry concepts. I know that you're carpet, so I don't know if they do that or not. Do you know? No, no, they don't. Okay, I just had one of the things, you know, I know change the channel here. This lady. That's in the channel? Whatever name is elephant, lady. That's very, are you going down now? You need to explain to me something. How in the, the she keep her job? They found a hundred dollars or a box of dollars or something. Well, you know, the answer to the question because they've got everybody intimidated. Now, they black pressure groups have got everybody intimidated. And even though there was the pulled on the paper day, this is that more than two thirds of the people say she's incompetent. But the pressure groups have got her in there. And they're holding her hand now. And each one of these small municipal elections to make sure she doesn't screw up again any time soon. And they're keeping her in there even though they know damn well that she's incompetent. Well, you know, I, I, to me, makes no sense because if I was in my job and I would screw up like that, obviously I'd be fired. But I just got to explain to you why it is. That's the way it is with minorities in the US of A. If, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if if, if, if, if, if, if, or, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, where there. If, if, if, if, if, when, if, if, then if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if, if. if, if based on nonsense and nonsense and crap, to medium or Bhag裕, if it is benevolency, which is vehemently sinful to achieve. That is szczególity for the upcoming dollars. It is a regular dollars service to the country. Look, let's understand that. which really scares the crap out of all of us. Gas chemical shit in North Korea. That's promising. See we don't want to talk about these things because they're too depressing. That's where we just put them on a website. Comments can go on a beauty press. Then they can go to uh, ready.gov. And then get already. They get all prepared. Then get out there a duct tape and arrow of this queen. And this old queen. And they can just lock themselves in a house and hide them the bed forever. Even though they haven't got any idea, what's coming when it's coming if it's coming, it's out of and so on. I mean, when you really stop and think about how easy the public is, here's the fact that everybody got scared of crap out of them with his orange alert with his increase in the terror alert and come to fight out that most of it. Not all of it, most of it was based on a bunch of lies about where the al Qaeda prisoners who failed to line detector test. Ah, well, it goes to show you what delicate ground we're all treading on how a fan of our lives are these days. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line. Here's a call from a beautiful poppin'o, hello. Hello, sir. Hmm. Hmm. Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. I think Bush once said the US has enjoyed over a century of peace with Japan, along with that Israel children learning bit. I just saw on your website. Yeah. This is one of throw that in there. More shot to Bush. I was wondering if you guys would ever be able to or use specifically, not you guys, be able to quote the like the markets every hour or two, just rather than that seven to go to six ten to get it. No. No. When you say quote the market, I mean, like, you know, the dial is this. The dial is down 54 and a half points and has that down 10 points. 70. No, it is. I'm looking. Oh, no. That's good. I think that would be a, I'm going to say it's a recommendation. Okay. I'm going to move on to a little bit. Uh, John Edwards, what do you think about him? The video correct best. Yahoo, are we a Yahoo? Yeah. He's good looking either. He's one. He's a good looking guy. He is. Do you have the gift? I compared it. Compared to who compared to a long chain. He's junior. He's a good. I'm listening vote for good looking guys and vote for interest in voting for somebody with a brain. Oh, of course, but I'm saying the women are going to vote for the better looking guy generally. They are. That's that must be, that must be why I's now a one. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Although at least even so was bald and Catholic and divorced. Oh, sorry, Dennis. That was down 56.09. Then as next down 10.75, the Russell 2K is down 3.13. Fair value is let's do the reclamiting. Look what did for it. That just took two seconds there. You're such a hard ass man. The guy would like there instead of keep going over to CNBC. In fact, if we keep people off a CNBC, if we go to kept all of us off CNBC, a lot of us have be retired by now. That's right. The gambling channel. Fun sure fakers. Nice. Still say they all belong in jail. And again, the public is dodgy. What was us, you know, bad luck. It wasn't bad luck. It was fraud. We got defrauded, man. We've been had. And the public just sits back and they do just what the government knows that they're going to do. They don't do a goddamn thing and we'll let the finger and a few million people around the world get out there and protest the freezing cold on the, over the weekend. And that's it. And the rest of the public sits back and literally, but all what time is still a million there off. Good small for the last night, by the way. Here's the fact, is there just wanted to remind you to listen to how our David Chotemar Hill interviewed J. Feeller. Yes, tomorrow. I'll be sure to hear what the dolphins quarterback has to say six months before the season starts. The over and under bed is how many times J will say, uh, and he's got 70 is the number so far. 70 got that got it. You over and under. J. Feeller, I don't understand that anymore. I understand this NFL combine thing with the big, uh, tonight on the year. I don't get it. I'm sorry. I mean, it is one thing to be a sports station. Another thing to have like a sports illness like a disease. QM is made sports into a disease. Like a mental illness. I mean, we just got through with a super bowl of what was it three, four weeks ago, whatever. And how was five weeks? Yeah. And like about 10 minutes ago, how to out could anybody possibly be hot and football now. You know, if you're forgetting something. Yes. Sports. Oh. Sorry. 1126 at 560 WQM just three four minutes away from our big Wednesday. We knew no one comedy but I never looked forward to it as much as now. Even though today of all days, I wouldn't bother me if we had to go to one. Like what you see what I'm saying because I think you're a lot of it for a change. But it will be the point based on what we're hearing so far. Nails. No, you heard a lot of people do that. Well, what is the, what is the, it won't prove that they know your real name. Don't you see? I know something about you. Everybody knows my real name. So what about it? I don't have any friends to call me that you don't call me that nobody. I know calls me that except relatives. I mean, what would be the point of that? We know what John Wayne's real name was, too. You think anybody called him Mirrion? Not to his face. Except maybe Rock Hudson. The big lizard hit the northeast this week and all the presents day sales were snowed out because of the stormed out of mattress has redirected major shipments of C. Lee's shirt is similar to keycrawl mattresses to Florida. And through this Sunday, you can get even more savings. Call 1-800-MATT-RES right now. You'll save like never before. Through Sunday, only down the mattress is having a big president's day blizzard. The sale offering in additional 10% off, they're already low everyday rock bottom prices. Now the mattress does usually have the sales, but due to the blizzard they're having one right now. Time is sure to have been putting out buying that new mattress. Go wait another second. Call 1-800-MATT-RES now and of course you'll have 30 days to try it out in your home with the best comfort exchange policy in the world. If you need an exchange, you can do so anytime within that 30-800-Covered exchange period no hassles at all. When you buy a mattress and down the mattress, they'll come to your house or in your house and set up and take away the old bedding for free. You heard me write down the mattress sets up the new and removes the old bedding for free. To make the call now 1-800-MATT-RES for a DATA mattress and enjoy a great night's sleep for months and years to come. It's the DATA mattress big blizzard sale, but be sure and call before this Sunday to take advantage of these unbeatable, unbeatable prices. 1-800-MATT-RES. That's 1-800-MATT-RES for DATA mattress, the answer for a perfect night's sleep. 5-800-MATT-RES. Why do we suppose to care about Lacy Peterson? I see. I don't care about Lacy Peterson. I don't wish you any harm. She was pregnant and all this other stuff. There are so many missing women and so many missing children, thousands and thousands and we never hear about any of the rest of the mix of John Walsh's show or something like that. I don't know what it's on, but I see promo's known. I don't know. I don't know what it's on, but I see promo's known. I saw like about two minutes of it once. I mean, work is most modern to salon, thank you. That's a good show. But I don't know about that. By the way, we hear a little bit about that, but Lacy Peterson they've decided is the next Sean relieving. Right? And her husband, what does his name Scott? I don't, yeah, I guess. They were hyper-ventilating, yes, they would all the stuff that's going on in the world. You know, we're on the verge of blowing the world up between Iraq and North Korea and Iran and all these other crazy people and George W. And they're going on about, oh, breakfast. They have to interrupt that MSNBC about how, oh, Scott Peterson was just served again another round of war for another search warrant. Not arrested. Not charged with any crime. Another search warrant. How do you like that? Oh, that pretty exciting. I feel better now. No, man. I don't care about Lacy Peterson. I'm very sorry. In fact, the news media tells me I'm supposed to be how many times have I told you people, that's the problem or one of the many problems that the news media America, they tell you what you're supposed to be concerned about. This is important. No, it's not. It's important. Anyway, here's a facts from George. A different George says, hey, Neil, I'm van your Kim out. Okay, from the stroke you had recently. I was wondering, if there's anything you want to do before you croak. Is there anybody you'd like to do for your co-bust? Oh, I say yes. There are. And I'm working on it feverishly. Okay. I'm going to do. You croak croak. Since I know you've traveled the world of enjoyed many luxury such as your sports cars, what's missing in your life to make it complete, George asks? I hate that's a good list building poll idea. What do you mean by the way? What do you want to do before your croak? Who do you want to do before your croak? I'll take that option out of it. I don't know their names necessarily. Right. PS, do you still have your co-vets? Yes, he used to love talks about them and the NSX is wondering if you, I consider having a poll on America's favorite sports car. No. That will definitely give you lots of materials that the movie news polls for change. The trans cars and women are always on men's mind. What do you think, George? No. Thank you anyway, George. A lot of George is around, you know what? 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. Actually, one of the things I look forward to tremendously is retirement. Uh-huh. In like three years, 10 and a half months, but who's counting? A little less than 10 and a half months. Right. That's what I look forward to. I think it out of this radio station alive. That's all. And believe me, surviving Greg Reed alive is a major accomplishment. Because the long line of bodies who have perished, both physically and spiritually under the Greg Reed regime, is just legendary, it's just unbelievable. Arbitron survey back to US Radio Consultations. You want to segue that? Hmm. A radio listener survey released yesterday, bolstered acclaimed by major US radio chains and industry consolidation has proved more, provided more local flavor and diversity in programming, drawing criticism that it was biased. Report by Arbitron, radio survey company found that listeners were very pleased with the programming choices available to them, about 79% that they got more or the same amount of programming choices from local radio than they did five years ago. I'm sure I'm going to be sick. Skeptics said the report was biased as it came from a company whose businesses perpetuated by the growth of big radio company profits. The federal government is in the process of evaluating changes in potentially allowing further consolidation. While the broadcast industry has obvious agenda that defend these changes and push for more said Michael Bracey, legislative director for the future of music coalition, artist and consumer oriented think tank, it's clearly in their best interest to say that radio is great. Even though all of us know that it sucks the big one, okay? It bites it blows. And South Florida is living proof of it. Radio and South Florida blows. It's a piece of crap man. It's like a steamy floating turd, like the one at that broad found in the backseat of a car. That's what it is. A big, smelly, steamy turd. Every single market in America here's Dr. Laura. Here's Lardaz. Here's a Jordan Litty. All the same goddamn shows. All the same prefabricated music formats. Crap. Because they've a lot of, how handful. I mean, you could count upon a fingers of one hand. I'll companies to only overwhelming majority of all the stations. And now, now they're saying, oh, well, I didn't go far enough. Let's let them own every station. So you can hear the same speed of and crap all over the place. So that not only for the people listening, but also to people in this industry, it's just like this Greg Reed thing. They know damn well, where else are you going to go? You're going to work for David Ross and Cheet Channel? Oh, that's why they jerk you, buddy around. If you sign the fact that their cheap and are always paying a Robin Peter to pay Paul, and pay all these outrageous sports franchise fees, you know why they pay all the sports franchise fees? Sports. Yeah, that's it. So Greg Reed can be a sportsman, even. Oh, we can have the heat. We can have this. Yeah, and. And what about it? Are they making a lot of money with those things? I'm going to the dolphins. You show me anything on this radio station. It's making them a lot of money. Has anything to do with sports? And I'll show you a guy named Kalina Chinashop. Forget about it. Um, cow. 567. 560. We got it's corn dog Wednesday. If you were him. Tomorrow be Cornhole Thursday. And then glory whole Friday come up this Friday. Here's keep a skin. Hello. Waiting on. We're. Oh, yeah. And a little bit of the very good. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Nobody there either. Okay, down to two. Let's see. We got what 20 minutes to go. I don't think two calls are going to cut it for 20 minutes. Really, right? 567. 560 pound, 560. See, they're trying to prove to me that they have nothing to say. And it's the same handful of the same handful of little. See, that's why for anybody that missed it about a year ago at this time, just a little bit beyond that. Right. Is when I started the Schmidt Ken and the god in phone calls going all the bedtime stories. And I still say, I don't care what any of you say. See, it's much easier to do this for me. Talk to a bunch of mouth readers on a phone without a doubt. Just parts of the book. But those shows were so much more productive. I felt so much more like accomplishing something when I finished them. And I'm not supposed to accomplish anything is what I've learned in that last year. What I'm supposed to accomplish is sit here and talk to a bunch of simple things because the other people find it entertaining. The other people who don't read the newspapers, no read the bedtime stories. They don't want to hear that crap. They're not interested in that crap. Look at even today, even though the corn dog, what does that tell you? That it's special. We didn't play the right game today. That was the problem. We didn't give them the right toy to play with today. If there were a way to know. Here's Pompano. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. Hey, uh, I was watching the sports center. You know my title is having a fight this weekend. You know, yes, yes, what, pal? We don't care. 567.0560. Pomp five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Bokin. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm trying for four days. I know that the poll is over. I'm not sent to school stupid movies. But the king of all time was done, John. The debut in a boy in his book. You remember that one already talked about that? Are you dead? Yeah. I'm a little bit of a d driver and I'm in and out of the club. I was here every single day. Well, thank God for you, man. OK. I just started to hear you mention that for our photos, the stupidest, but the king of all time, stupid movies. You did? I did. I thought it was a great movie. Yeah. Yeah, when they surprised them that he can't go to bed with all the women. He has to have a mechanical masturbation machine. Yeah, I would. He had a little tube going, yeah. Yeah, that was a that that broke the up. I was going to buy that movie for years. Anyway, I think his show is great. It's great to have something different this year. And I agree with you with more with the morning. I hear him go on at six o'clock and whatever time he goes on. And I shut him right away. I can't wait. I really can't wait for you to come on and I'm a clock. But I wish he'd go back this end. That's kind of how I feel. I can't wait to want to clock. OK, I'm a great day. You too. Thank you. I'd like to go back to ten to two also, but to see they created this problem, now they don't know how to fix it. They don't know how to sort, you know, follow what I'm saying. Yeah, I don't. They know how to make it right. That's Greg Reed for. He's like, I have to eat empty thing, you know, all the King's horses and all the King's asses couldn't put it together again. And that's you, Greg. Nice job. Point to figure out everybody else. Try to throw everybody else under the bus for your own bad moves, Greg. Not full on this kid. Not for a minute. And by the way, why you're right, a gift norm is check. OK, quit playing games with people's money. One of the things I love about this company is that people that when they make your way for a check, and they finally get to check and they'll get to check. And they'll look and see that it was dated like two months before. Yeah, but it didn't have the little squiggle on the bottom. In other words, it's the Robin Peter to pay Paul thing again. So you hold back a bunch of checks long enough and keep checking at bank account to see if they can give this one as bonus check and pay this one for the Marlon's games. See how that works at QAM? Yeah, we're not liquid yet. That's how it works. Liquid. If you call that liquid, at least part of it. Sometimes. 1142 at 560 is especially when you work for Greg. In fact, a lot of times. I want to tell you one more time today that size makes a big difference in spite of what anybody else tells you. According to the Florida Department of Labor, computer professionals have big, impressive, effective pay checks. They work. And according to these state of Florida computer careers, are among the highest paid and the highest demand, fast-trained, can up you achieve that new high paying computer career. And just four short months, it's a piece of cake. They've got locations all over town. So there's Von to be one fairly convenient to where you be living. They're encendled, Miami, Florida, and Pembroke Pines. And it got day-eating weekend schedules. So there is absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy dead end job. Working for peanuts for some butt plug who scratches his head all day long. So call fast-trained toll-free at 1-866 fast-trained. That's 1-866 fast-trained. They got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too. Call them or check them out of the web at fast-trained.com. Because now, you can have a bigger one than you ever dream you could have. A big, impressive, useful paycheck. Toafre it's 1-866 fast-trained. It's my life and love. This is 4-3-5-6-1. It weighs 2-8-1. The Rogers is my lover. My boys! I'll take a get-me to par. I need to par so I can get a hundred in my dark part. I can't even stop my time. It's all blank. This is a yellow switch on the bottom. Right, both of them. Battle in the target. It's my gun. Right, both of them. Shiny and polish every day. Right, both of them. The new pearl. You're gonna hit the pay, right, boy. It's such a blizzard, don't man. Right, boy. I got a cute shoe for someone man. I got a boy. The brown's a blues in the tan. Right, both of them. They use looking me like a man. I said get me to par. I need to par so I can get a hundred in my dark part. I can't even par so I can get a hundred in my dark part. I can't even par so I can get a hundred in my dark part. I can't even par so I can get a hundred in my dark part. 14-0 is 5-60 WCM. Please tell me that I'm having like double vision or something from my stroke. I'm reading this thing wrong. What it says on the align there on line 12. Yep, that's it. Hello Jeff. Yep. I'm just making sure you're still feeling okay. But also I have to thank City Furniture because after you helped me, they were unbelievable. They came right back out six night kids. Feds were polite drivers to give me any hard time. They did an awesome job. I have great furniture. All that takes care of City Furniture. Rules, thank you for your help. What's happening? Have a great day Jeff. What did you put him on? I mean we loved Jeff Cohen. Good guy. Long time friend and sponsor. But you know, the idea that he's just going to use the show as his personal play toy every day. Other than I'm up here, that's unacceptable. Carlos. You better straighten that little spick out George. What do you want me to say? No, no, no, no. Not a question of what you say after the show is out over to the show. I was straighting him out. Get a two-by-four. Get that machete over there to one at some against the wall. The OJ1. I'll take his toiletry bag away from him. There you go. Limit his preparation for leaving the studio to like 25 minutes and see how I react. Oh, now you're being overboard. Over to your line. Five six. I can't believe he just did that to me again. Why is he doing that? Is he losing it? Did not give him a nice, a wild extended plug yesterday. My good friend Jeff Cohen. Well, that's right. You're kind of saying things. You want to keep getting fed for free. I forgot about it. I like Jeff. Just always been there. I like him too, but I just, I find it just a pawing. I have no words to describe the shock and the smell. Maybe we don't have like a regular feature on a show. It beats most of the other calls we get anyway. We'll just have a regular feature where Jeff calls in and just to use his five ends of the show every day for free. Hey, why don't you limit it to him. You got lots of sponsors. I have a couple of dollars. The other people don't do that. They don't use the show to exploit for fun and profit. They don't do that, do they? No, I guess they don't. Oh. Here's Hiolea. This should be a good call. Hello. What's up, Neil? Yes, sir. I will save you from the corn dog. You're one that I would like and I desert island. All that I want. Some red snapper, man. Yeah, how bad. I'll bet you do. I see. I thought that was an interesting topic, but you know what the problem is? They don't. No, no, that is the problem. But you know what I'm saying? There was a evidently maybe that's only for us real fat people. And since I'm the only fat one connected with the show, I guess I'm way out of line again. Is that something that comes up a lot? People are always asking that. What would you, if you could put one food if you could put one food if you could put one. Well, and you could have as much of it as you want. But with the only thing you could have, that you would keep you happy. We could do all of it. I said Rogers, I'm in brittle because it's the most delicious thing I've had in years. It's candy, but it's great. Yeah, so yeah, you would get sick and die from it, but you're going to get sick and die anyway. And it does it all the way. That's just for fun. Oh, see, you say just for fun. They want to do that. They don't want to do that. I thought it was an excellent topic, but you know, corn dog is the one answer we got in other hours. Very good. And snapper. Well, that's another story. At least he didn't say black dome ash like you said. 459 votes on a pool would be the happiest of Neil Croft. More Howard David would dance on Neil's grave. 262 people, 57% of you think that more would dance on my grave. If you're seeing an old man with Viraco's veins tried to dance. No, but I'd like to. I'd like to let him fall down on it and fight out. I'm not really in there. George is second, but it is in second 75 votes because he thinks he'd get to show if I croaked. Dennis, the chronic professional Catholic homophobic, got 47 votes for his ass. Great. Great. Read a real evil doer 21. Fox News had their 20. Reverend Kennedy. 17 of the Crow Ridge Presbyterian Jew and defigating church. Yeldy, eight out of spite. Eric, no more long pool six. And John Gibson of five Fox News still has only a small pair. He really is small potatoes, you know. John Gibson. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon to you. I'm almost. I'm all so gay, hate or but I don't. I would be honest, Reverend. There is. That was. I stand corrected. Yes, that was him. See, I know him. 567. 567. We got three or four minutes to kill here and they just can't do a kennel. They can't get it up. We got to put Jeff Cohen on here again to snore the show again. They would, which I'm just in shock. Then he would do that again. Don't go having a stroke. I'm just, I'm just not happy. I'm really not happy they did that. You know, because I could, I could let him just hang in there. That would have been rude, you know. He's, he's calm to see if I'm still okay. I'm telling you what, calming again about one third E Jeff. See if I'm stuck. And then about three. And then about four fifteen would be good. Don't copy between no, don't copy between three and four because passions is on at that time. Good, golly Miss Molly. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing. I've got a question. I'm a little confused about the North Korea problem. I know that the last thing I read was about it. I suppose I guess we could all some type of fuel shipment, which, I guess gave them a reason to try to start up this nuclear program. I'm just trying to figure out why we stopped the, that shipment in the first place. We stopped the shipment of, well, no, it was, it's, uh, a nerve gas. Wasn't it, it was, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a scutty. It was the scutty that we stopped at the nerve gas. I have the story right here. So if you listen, I'll read it. cargo of several tons of chemical that can be used as a precursor to nerve gas was delivered in North Korea recently aboard the same ship that was intercepted last December hauling scut missiles to Yemen. The Washington Times said yesterday. Intelligence sources said the ship in the Saudi M.S. I derived in North Korean port of NAMPO, last week aboard the freighter SOSEN, which is the same ship that was stopped in the Indian Ocean by US and Spanish warships as it sailed for Yemen with 15 missiles and warheads. The SOSEN was allowed to continue its voyage with its cargo intact after US official determined that the Yemeni government legally purchased the scuds. After unloading in Yemen, the SOSEN picked up the Saudi M.S. I'd in Germany and was tracked by US intelligence services as it sailed back to North Korea the time said. And that great? It was tracked back. We didn't do anything about it. We just, uh, you know, watched it. We just watched it go back at you. There you go. Soda M.S. I. Maybe they're just using it for something else like you know. Treating meat. Some like that. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T line here's Davi. Hello. Davi. Hello. Yes sir. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Neil, I have the misfortune of having to drive I.95 about once or twice a month from here up to Washington, DC. And you're riding along. This is on the radio. Trying to find a station. It's impossible. All the stations sound the same. Everybody's clear channel owns everything or some other group owns it. And if you turn it on in the, we're landing those stations sounds the same as the Jackson Ball Station sounds the same as the Charlotte station. And it's sad. It's really sad. There is no diversity. There is no variety. It's all the same. If I hear a stairway to having to get out, blow my brains out. Yeah. You know, it's all the same stuff. So I don't know who these people are saying about their sports selection and stuff. And I have to. I have to laugh when they talk about the diversity is created. Let's take South Florida to Miami Market as an example. It's a fun drawing. All the stuff that's been going on in the news the last few months and since 9.11. If you really want to find out after 9 o'clock in the morning, if you want to find out any news about what's happening in the world, you can forget about it because they're thanks to clear channel. There is no more news station when they bought all those stations from Paxon. WINZ was all news and WINZ was a talk station. Yep. Then they swapped that out. Then they tried to talk on INZ and that flop went over like a pregnant pole voter. Then they made it into Fox Sports because it was cheap and they opened up a pot and all they did is put that syndicated crap on there. And they turned IOD into supposedly the news station but guess what? The news is on in the morning only. And the rest of the day we have a bunch of syndicated crap. That's correct. That's correct. So if you're driving around like in the middle of something at the top of an hour, but in the middle of an hour and you really want to find it on the news station in South Florida, guess what? Don't have one. Good luck. Yeah. Thanks, Neil. You take care of your show. Thanks. See you. He's happy. He likes the show. He's honest about radio it sucks. And seriously, if you want to find out what's going on, I had the same experience when I was there. On days when we were like pressing and more important things than who want to got in ball game or you know about the Tyson fighter, some crap, who won some goddamn golf tournament. And you flip around the dial and there's nothing. There is no such thing. There's an exist in South Florida. You take in two formally sensational radio stations, WI and Z50,000 watts, and WI would do with some of us know a little bit about. And they've turned a minute of crap. Crap. I say, let's have 20 all sports stations in a market. Then Greg can have him or its all all year round. Because the room around here and is he's crap in his pants about eight fifties going 50,000 watts. Who gives a crap if they go two million watts? They're in Palm Beach County. That nothing to do with us? Always crap in his pantalones. Remember the fan first went on the year and he's fighting ball suit. These haven't been ever sprayed down. See the people that haven't ever sprayed down and fired lawsuits. Other people have no idea what they're doing. That's what the problem is. When you're insecure and you haven't got a clue. And the fact of the matter is that after five years they still understand what this show is all about. That's the best part of the deal. They haven't got a clue what this is all about. For how to make it work. But anyway, have a nice day, Greg. Sports and pay norm. Sports. Four minutes still known at five, 60. Well, at least we closed out the phone segment today with a guy that's something to say. How do you like that? Huh? We're not good. Wait long enough. No seriously because psychologically that makes me almost want to come back again tomorrow. And then I think about the fact that next Tuesday to 25th and there will be pay checks for a layer forming on the 25th, right clearance and so it will be worth coming back. And if not, I'll just call Karen Sopin Hill say sports. Speaking of sports, Papua Park offers great harness racing for everybody. And this week is the biggest event of the season coming up. They quarter million dollar, I like a pre-paste night. This Saturday, February 22th. In addition to more than $250,000 in state races, Saturday, it's family fun night with the first 4,000 fans to receive a free, I look at pre-paste baseball calf during its 6pm. There's also a free vacation prize draw. Live Phillips on music, free miniature horse rides, clowns, face painting, gifts to the kids, great food and lots more. If you're 18 and older one, we're experiencing what it's like to work as part of a Pit crew on a real indie car that come out to pop at a park this Wednesday and Friday night like tonight and try the indie racing league pit stop challenge. Free tonight wins two tickets to the March 2nd to an indie 300. At home state mommy's speedway and it's free to winter. Papua Park, lots of stuff going on live racing 5 nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. First, post-time 7.15 with free general parking free admission ever after evening. Tonight's Wednesday, so it's dollar and I would dollar our hot dogs and the sodas and beers and pretzels. At set of minutes. Papua Park where a Brian Sears is gone on powerline road. A black south of Atlanta, and a photo park. Look for a fair reach, he'll mark your program for your first small feed. By your local, he's 50-50. The ring is on your top. BOOB! BOOB! BOOB! The state Goldstein. But you can go meet Elsey. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. SILAAA! I know why God wants to play. Not a single free paid. To them free turn sure was great. Time for the days. And we please download again! Every turn from R.A.M. Mr. Wages, no one died. That website would be condemned. Turn it, leave some days or tapes. That's the fans coming, not wait. To that sucks we have to play. Now is my day. And now a public service announcement from the Naval Forces and Retired Near Admiral Dan C. Worthy. Due to the recent shortage in recruits, we here at the Navy are being forced to come out and tell you the American people that we need Seaman. We need a lot of good, strong Seaman. Frankly, we're so low that we're looking for all kinds of Seaman. We get young Seaman, old Seaman. Heck at this point, we'll take any Seaman that shoots our way. Without Seaman, we're not the men we should be. So please help us. We need your Seaman America. Give us all you can. As we say in the Navy, all hands on deck. Thank you. The proceeding was a message from the Naval Forces. Trying to lick this Seaman cover once and for all. Following announcements, pay for by Adidas Nike to Cleveland Cavaliers and Haines Underwear. Yo, what's up? This is a bronze James. Give me a little love. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm a basketball female on Akron, Ohio. Oh, my fire stone tires for your car truck or SUV. Can I get a little bit of love on it? Fire stone tires, my brother. Now, the Ohio State Athletic Association has suspended me for the rest of the season. Oh, man. I know, right? And declared me an intelligence war or something. Because I accepted two old school sports jersey. Oh, come on. Oh, what? I don't understand what the hell I don't roll. I got lots of birthdays during the county. Yeah, yeah. I got a birthday. You know what people like to give me things like to see a Pepsi twist. A twist on a great thing. Oh, no. You're not going to get a drink. Right, right, right, right. Anyway, drink Pepsi. I'm just a normal 18 year old high school student who just happens to drive a 50,000 dollar. I don't get the whole big thing. Chicken wings, I may still go to college. All right, got some of the over here. Check this one. And unnamed school that's nestled in the blue grass area. I got that. Open the penthouse of Parme. I got that. All right. All right, I got some of the over here. Check this one. And unnamed school that's nestled in the blue grass area. Open the penthouse of Parme. Open house. Parme. And unnamed school that's the description. You're playing house. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. They're offering like a theme package deal. It's not institution in the heart of the chapel. Here, area. Which will go unnamed. They say, be honored to have me. They have boxed up and sent me a naked Russian woman that wrecked from Russia. We're talking for my own boy, right? I have an unpassed yet, but she's knocking and screaming and what now. I have my boy Tyra here puts it in the garage with my box of kugarans from a unnamed university. Kossi associated with Wolverine. It's a fucking bottle. It's a fucking bottle. There. I got Rod just spilling over. Anyway, I got to get back to class now with my boys. No, no, no, no. We got to go get a kiss. I already missed like three months so far. Oh snap. I just filled my Pepsi twist on my new Hugo Boss. Look at this. I got a little McDonald's special sauce on it. Oh, by the way, come on a party with a big Mac. We're for limited time. You visit one part to spilling McDonald's and buy a big Mac. You can know one for 35 cents. That is my channel. It's a birthday. It's a birthday. It's a birthday. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Peace out. The preceding has been paid for by Foot Locker and unnamed university in the Nutmeg state and deaf comedy jam. And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by T.L.C. Dr. Burnham? A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly. Also known as a bustum. Always talking about what he wants. Just sit some and broke ass. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere. No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub is a guy that can't get no love for me. Hang out with a passenger side of his best friends ride or try and a holla at me. No scrub. No scrub. No scrub. No scrub. No scrub. No, no, no, no, no. No scrub. No, no. No. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Oh, right. Now through the trip, point back and go. You can die under the garden of the task of the boat. You say running that money, boy. You go to the boat. Oh, when you take him back, you can ride with him. Hold the hand up. Hand up. Hand up. Hand up. That's the hand that can't stop. It's your slow-solting lips. I've got a hold of it down that I can do with the face. Thinking about big, full of his friend. You only find a spell if you can't wear his hat. There you go. There you go. There you go. That's it. There you go. That's it. There you go. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's the end of this musical! Ten past ten unit five sixty speaking of that polaroid I want us to take on who's gonna be the first two in person now to croak? Yes? How's that high doing? He left the him off at every left of Josh Ryan and junior Julio? All the contenders. So we have a lot of contenders for that. I don't think we want to do that right away tomorrow. We don't want to do two depots. No, don't get over that. Although, is he worried about that? We could put my fun there, you never know. Yeah, there are other factors. Yeah. Like the Oralie factor? How about the eight fifty factor? I understand that, my kill us. It's eleven past noon. That's what they're saying back there. They're like peeing in their pants. That's a report time getting from all over the radio station. His Greg is like, uh, using the pens now. And what we just talked about June Allison yesterday? Very 40 hours for him. I guess. Bring him a case of the pens. Anyway, we ever presented with an opportunity when you should have put a water done something but didn't do it. There's an incredible, funny, main mortgage rate out there at 3.45%. And this rates available by calling financial group toll free, 1-800-940-53-63. If you would have compared a 7% rate with 3.45%, it'd save 3500 bucks to the first year loan for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe. In other words, a hundred thousand dollars cost only 447 a month. It's an opportunity that won't last long because it's a 40 year low. So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home call financial group toll free, they'll be happy to answer all your questions with no obligation. Call 1-800-945-63. The process is simple and the call is positively absolute or free. 1-800-940-L-END. Financial group is an equal housing letter and they've helped thousands of borrowers with a spending a program and they'd like to do the same for you. Federal restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you wait too long. 5.34 APR. Call financial group today at 1-800-940-L-END. And you know what I forgot? What? The Dow is down 59.1% on the next down about 11. We're supposed to be in 5-640. You a-M. 3 Huts in Miami Fusions had courts and I love the queen of so-flard and eel rugs as should be in booking in palace but we'll keep him here. I heard of the same old seafood restros, then skip the red lobster and come on in to Erica's red snapper. Erica's red snapper is very popular. That's why it's the only red snapper open 24 hours a day. Everyone loves to eat Erica's red snapper and if you have a large party to entertain, no problem. Erica's red snapper will always find a way to squeeze in. Even if she has to open the back door. Erica always keeps her red snapper fresh so when you take a whip of her red snapper, you'll never get that eki fishy smell. Things around Erica's red snapper can get a little hairy and that's why Erica's red snapper is happy to provide protection to whoever asks for it. So don't wait, come on in to Erica's red snapper today. Red snapper. But this snapper lover in you. The Indian people in the desert went into the tap. Now the sky was the only one in the red snapper. She had known the rock porch hair down my back. 14 chilies, a bowl of jams, a drink that beer never gets full. All day long, that's a tractor full. Plans all home, every face above. Saturday comes when I'm married my cousin. He wants to have a wedding at the boat, all the things. Just don't play a sight, almost bad, at our night of his mad double. One, the names on my belt and a jonder as 16,000 30 inch. And he's in his full body and he's in his 40 miles. He likes the soul, he can add a doctor hot with that. I tell Kate in my big four to read damn sands, baby of course. I hate damn sands that make me nervous. No shoes, no shirt, no other service. I love my idols, I hate children, richers, petty and big, all cold. The stairs are all my bumper is a level of dance. I swear there's no new hard prayers there. I love my idols, I hate them. I love my idols, I hate them. I love my idols, I hate them. When a guy's got a weirdo, the people will almost never hit the pot. Even though many men's a evil never hit the center of the pot. You win a guy, he is pissing make the water weird, pissing at the pot. Guys don't hit the pot. Guys don't hit the pot. Guys don't hit the pot. Guys don't hit the pot. When a guy is standing, you know what's never landing in the pot. Will you better be aware of what you know that be your careless as a pot? Even though we can market because he never hit the target at the pot. The chances are that there's limit, we'll be driving around and away from the pot. Guys don't hit the pot. You guys don't hit the pot. Guys don't hit the pot. You guys don't hit the pot. You guys don't hit the pot. You guys don't hit the pot. When a guy is standing in the trees, you're landing in the pot. Guys don't hit the pot. Guys don't hit the pot. Guys don't hit. Guys don't hit, guys don't guys don't guys never hit the pot It's alright, he's on the bus Not sure tries that he don't We gave him warning, said, don't make this argument And then I get the feeling he wants You seem feeling no use in pretending What he's hiding away We're going in just to teach him a lesson That is that crime doesn't pay Baby, show it down He's coming in the bank, man Show it down, he's coming in Show it down, he's coming in Show it down, it's alright It's alright It's alright It's alright Reggie White, for scandal soup It's late, nothing like our hot balla soup You know what they're back to a time when mom and dad don't need our whole neighborhood Smell like canned tomatoes We need it like that no more We're all the new flavours from Gamble Soup Like chicken boots do With cookie rat ball they modem and then they read cream omoe soup How clicked with T-Golfoop to make it juicy Oh and I own them is in lunch and sambos no more Call scabble soup be good That was sambal soup Here's Oakland Park, hello Yes, is this Mr. Rogers speaking? Mr. Rogers Reverend Jones here and another Fony Revere Reverend, you're having a controversial show today on all Allers from the past? What is it? You're having a controversial show on the past? No, we're not talking about colors from the past You're playing old bit? No, I'm not We had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape You made some type of a cart on it I guess that's what they're telling me And we discussed not playing it on the air What are you talking about? That was the part that gave it sir That was one of my yesterday's yesterday's first shake I thought we'd leave it to the letter Did you receive the letter sir? You're gay, sir Did you receive the letter sir? They'll be a lawsuit You're gay, sir What was he trying to say? Oh, hey man, who the hell are you? I'm Kurt Cobain, I was in the group nerve on him I don't like them complaining using me You're hard to lousy albums I had money hit records I was the most up on top of the world until I'm out of the gunk And got shot from the head Hi, I'm my Macass, avoid the ham sandwich I'm carrying card to do, can I have it? I'm a little bit scared of you I can't do this I can't do this Oh, shut the fuck up How you doing, Kurt? I'm buddy Holly Have you seen my glasses? Hey, look at all these other place cards at my table He's Richards, Sinatra, and all of the black-groves Yeah, they'll be here in Tom Fodina You're a little bit hunky What's that? Oh man, that's just the arm of that drummer Feller from Deathly at Harder 1225 at 560 WCWM No, we got 507 votes on the pole 514 like I said, who'd be the happiest of Neil Crowe Mohour David would dance on Eels Grave George thinks he'd get the show 87 Dennis the chronic professional Catholic homophobic asshole 53 Greg Reed, a real evil duer 23 Reverend Dr. James Kennedy 22 Got a late star, but he's catching up Foss knows how to 21 Geldy just had a spite 9 Eric no more those long poles to deal with six And John gives it a Foss knows how to lead 3 Guess what's coming up on March 1 By the way, which isn't that far away What? Shame on you March 1 It's a week from tomorrow isn't it? Right? Am I right? Uh, or is it a week from Friday? Saturday. We from Saturday is March 1 Well that's right, it's only the 19 Saturdays, so that means I guess on Friday we'll have to do my 20 cent of anniversary show Oh that's right, it's on my calendar, but it's a long page Yeah, and guess who can call in that day Remember, Jeff Cohen If you're not a fan of the world, the airmoosed You'll find real occasions for a man if you have a healthy appetite They don't have corn dogs, so that's the bad news But the good news is they got just about everything else They're in sunrise north by me beats in the brand new and pember pies Start with one or four or a bunch of six different great soups They've got dozens and dozens of delicious mouthwatering on Trace everything fresh and crunchy nothing soggy and mushy That's it's there for hours and hours at the airmoosed Believe me, you'll taste and smell and feel the difference If you're a strip steak, maybe you ordered the gourmet center A sizzling Asian will with teriyaki steak shrimp chicken Seafood hand par a prime rib They're mccosporus healthy live until you won't walk out of there with a headache I guarantee you just a full stomach because they don't use any MSD or cornstarch And it cook all we're only with cholesterol for your oils They're buffet features a full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail And embo coast famous lobster feast is back right now Featuring lobster thermos and lobster bisc Bring a healthy appetite because you're going to have to try to salvage some room for dessert Invalued gigantic dessert bar featuring pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings And fresh fruit the perfect ending to a gigantic feast at the embo coast You'll find it been summarized original soft floor to location Pine Island at 44th Street There on Collins Avenue just know the 163rd North Miami Beach And the air section to flamingo and Pembroke Pines They've set reservations taken delivery available as well called 9504 5723822 9545723822 for the unbeatable with Chinese buffet