Anyway, good morning Neil. Your boy Dave Gurgs, huh? Yeah, he's a great guy, but every time I walk in there his face turns blue. There's Gurgly my steering. He does not much I can put away food and booze. Well, I'm gonna change my name to Neil Gurgly. Hey, that would work. I love that name. Hey, I'm a Gurgly man. Only I'm a sports station. Can you have some of my name Gurgly? Hey, did you hear about the Boston Sports Fighter that came out yesterday? Did I buy that? I don't say everywhere. I have the story right here, man. I could say you're not around here. I can't get your time ready, but I can get you him. No thanks. No. Old and ugly. What else is his name? Edda something? Yeah, I have with a story I had it on there. Ed Gring. Ed Gring. Rimes with gay. Yeah. I got it right here, but I read that. Listen to what's he so mad about? He thinks everybody's a homophob and everybody's out to get him or something. He's listening to your show a lot. Yeah. Well, then he's saying anyway, we have a real dilemma today. We're gonna take a preliminary pull on it because Mo is like going to such great lunch not or reach out. He's like extending the hand, the gland, their friendship to us. I don't know because it's almost like too much too soon. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. It's tough for me. I think it's because you've turned out I'm so much. I think he's like reaching out. The last person he can look at. He can't be farming. It's simple. I see him every day and you don't have to. Right. So I've done everything I can to be cool to this guy. I've known him for years. I've told you many times that I can't force him to be cool. I can't force him to not be the way he is. I mean, everybody knows how he is. Well, what is the way he is? I'm going to try this way. You love for me to start saying stuff. The bottom line is that let's just take it from your people skin. Yeah. Then he's good at it. And you know what? Doesn't face me one way or the other. Go to John Holmes. You got under people skin. Speak of big D's. Yeah. No, I think I think his lab has more than it. What's his name? What's his name? That's playing John Holmes in this movie? Uh, what's his name? For a. Anyway, the uh, seriously, what the hell is uh, you know how to even know what you're talking about? The John Holmes movie. I know there was a new part of the movie. He was. He played in, he played Batman. You know, the guy played Jim Morrison and the doors movie. No, about. Come on. Come on. That's right. He, he plays him and I like him and Salton C. I saw yesterday on a region. And he looked like Jesus. He was fat with a beard. I saw John Holmes. I told a little clip of John Holmes thinking from the, uh, from the crotch up. He looked just like him. Do you know what's your about the, He didn't come. Come on. He's good looking. No, I don't know. He's gross. I thought he was great in Salton C as well. I heard covered crank at him. Oh, problem. He saw yours man. Go for it. Well, listen, I don't know that way, but I can tell you that. Especially my favorite. Back down at John Holmes model. Maybe he's got something really surprising for you. Yeah, you know, I should get my girlfriend. John Holmes model and strap that on the end of my missile. I bet. No, no. I think that maybe you're like looking for the old. Oh, I forgot to play bend over yesterday. That's what I heard loosely. Let me just say this lastly to you. I know that we talked yesterday about Danny Heathley, wrecking the car. Now you were like, uh, he was drunk. Dude, there's no doubt. And they're going to cover up his blood out on. That's for five weeks. That's the dumbest they ever. And then they didn't know anything about Buckhead. No, they were out drinking. It was two in the morning. They're driving a Ferrari nine a mile an hour. Yeah. Is that that limited amounts of alcohol on a pretty old. It's a bunch of bullcraft. You're been a snider or whatever the kid's name. We'll see other kids name. He's brain dead. Now he's in a coma. Is he really brain dead? He's in a coma. Oh, my. But they're saying that, uh, you know, I guess today's that you're vengeance on the trash. No, it is. I love the trashers. I want them to win. But you can't win me because they were out of two in a morning. Drunk driving a Ferrari nine a mile an hour. Now the estate scenario did you work for the team? I work for the Turner Sports with Joan and the team. They don't own them anymore. They sell them for that. This is this is for else vengeance on the team. You're high. And Rob's that Danny Heathley dies. My vengeance was simple. I mean, he explained it so you can clear this up. Yeah. I got paid for four years. I worked for one. There's your vengeance. I cut a nice deal. Neil, you know, I'm not stupid. I can all relate to it. That's a deal. The OK from Paxon. That isn't. It's like your deal. The work is crazy. Um, the Humper has got the best deal. This how Hank is like off every day. It's off the whole week long. And none of it is vacation time. Ever. I like him. So he's got a set one I asked him for out in John Vegas. And he said he just couldn't get him. Yeah. I love the hammer though. He's, he's the guy. You know, you keep saying that went the hour job. I really, rather do after news. Who the hell wants to talk sports in the free morning? Job is at it. Yeah. Who's job you really want? Let's put it right up there in the table. Why? I think if I was on the four-negames, I'd make the station a lot more money than talking about him in the morning. Yeah. I think people that talks sports in the morning are depressing. I think people that talk about him right before the game are right after make money. Uh-huh. Why did this indicate it show? And I was just on the same thing. I was on the right out. I was happy to be met. I was in John's tickets. See. Yeah. OK. Have a nice day Neil. Ha ha ha ha. I'll see ya. Hello, I'm the General Manager of his radio station. And today is Russia, Shana, the Jewish New Year. In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill towards other faiths, we've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the new year. Hey. Happy New Year. Hey. Hey. Hey, chick. Go home. Okay. I always been General Long. The other night. I went down into the home. I went back to white. I brought on a fashion of peasants. Before I realized, I get a piling cake. I'm in wheat market. No, counter-rank. I'm a counter-rank. So it's a looser ball than seed. I got a bag. Counter-faceted disease. I had sold a beggar. I got my finger up there. My fingers are clogged. I'm all that have reached in the super assortment. I have to die for it. I die to rest. That's why I wear a beggar bail. I give the rule for both hands. I die to rest. I got to die for it. The knife is on how when I lose control. You can hear the quote. When I strike my whole heart, I scream. I'm a little boy and father. Under the flat, for my school. Out from my plan, my parents and trips. You're the only one who gave me a tip. You're the only one who gave me a tip. You're the only one who gave me a tip. No! I'm the only one who took my whole life. I'm the only one who gave me a tip. The pain was rubbing as my whole toy flew. See, there was only one thing I could do. My ass kicked into the piece of my poop. And I grew the pieces to kiss his teeth. And then I got the knife on my right. I gave the knife to my ass. I put a pillow on the back. And now I feel so warm. You're my mama made it for more areas. She's like so much children. Oh, shit. 10,07, at 5,60 WQA. I'm happy Wednesday too. It's our big Wednesday extravaganza. We got that gigantic one and two hour. Which will really be good because it can be a chance to watch some of the Anky twins games. The Anky's go down. Like I told you, Scott, they're going down. Down, down, down, down, down. And not in the middle of the hills either. It's a beautiful thing. And then of course you can hear the gasping choking sounds from Atlanta. Can't you hear them? I can't. Same ones that you hear just about every year at this time. Choking, squeezing, crap, and they're done. They'll be out. I think the cups will be them in three straight now. So we got the twins in the Yankees. They want to clock, which won't be on the air. But I'll be watching it. We'll do like a little play by playing in like this. Marlon San dector follows the mad dog. Another short show for the mad dog. And no show for the Humper. Always watch on. You put a seal, man. Or I'm in a wrong time slot. You know what? I'll just start looking at these schedules. The beginning of the season and then figure out what time we want to be on. You know the Yankees game tomorrow. Oh, it's not today? No, they have a day off. What kind of a schedule is that? We got the A's in the Red Sox today. But that's not until 10 o'clock tonight. Well, that's the way it is. Oh, Jesus. Mad dog 2 to 3 30. Marlon San de 3 30. Marlon's and the Giants in Frisco again 406. It's a must win because they don't win this one. It's basically over right when you agree with that. Yes. Uh, 10th inning play off special. Woodland, Casper and Tommy Hutton at the 730 comes at the Braves. And like I said, you can hear those gurgly sounds from Atlanta at a 30 night at a key follows the game. Joe Mark overnight and Joe Costello's going to be out in our QM van tomorrow noon 2. Oh, I got an explanation on that whole thing. And what's that? But the noon till whatever thing. They're only required to be there or whatever for now or but Miguel said. Here's the deal. And I think it's a good idea. Well, let me be required. Whatever. Whatever. They're just way to minute. So if they don't make five hundred, they don't have to stay there. The whole two hours if it turns out to be a lame location, they can pick up and go somewhere else. Right for about five minutes for work. I got a little lower hour every few minutes if there isn't like a whole bunch of people are they'll just pick up and go someplace else. Now we'll put it on the ear and then by the time anybody gets there, they'll be one other place. That sounds good. Okay. They can keep chasing the van around. Yeah, just keep. Well, you remember how like in previous years they would go to a location. We thought it would be a good location and it turned out to be a dud and they were like stuck there. So right away he's not going to be stuck. And those days it would be like they would start like a ten third year, eleven o'clock in the morning. And we had like generally during the entire show. Now it's a different start when you start at noon. There's not like really time to regroup and pick up and go to a second place. I don't think. I don't think so. Well, Miguel, I was way ahead of this morning. Say if he does 500 dollars in the first hour, he'll stay another hour. Well, buddy, me and on his way out of here this morning, he's not doing anything today. No, just way out of the studio. Yeah. If he does 500 dollars the first hour, he'll stay another hour. Well, what kind of a deal is that? So what if he does like for 60? Well, come on. We're not going to split hairs. Not seriously. If he does 400 the first hour, like maybe people are whole bunch of people on a way They'd be given them for the second hour. And he might have another 600 to second hour and he's going to leave because he didn't do 500. What kind of a deal is that? To get a deal is that. Just a good. Listen, it's kind of like we're jerking as difficult as it is to raise money for charity this year. This is going to be one of the toughest years in a long time. To be jerking the public or wildlife hands saying, well, we'll be there from noon to two if you show up. And if not, like when you get there, I'll probably be gone. Well, once he got going, he can do Doreen before noon, okay? Two or three times with his potent tapiness. He can do it two or three times. Jesus. Reef or laying gasping for oxygen right there on a goddamn promotion room floor and then head on out there And then go do something productive for a couple of hours. Take a little breather. Take our respite from that bitch. Right? Yeah, sure. No, when you be porked off, if you set up like 20 till two if you drove from like homestead, I'll know where we're not going to say what's going on on the year. Yeah. Well, suppose you drove all the way from homestead in like two minutes before you got there, I came on a year It said, oh, well, wasn't too good. So Miguel Tocache. Sure. Because he's alive all the way from homestead. Right? Or whatever it had you came from. Not all of our audiences in Pompano Beach. Thank God. We got a few people under the age of 100. How many we got? I've turned him down. We've got some. I mean, there's nobody lives in Pompano Beach. Who was in at least 90. They're all at windmower and what's that other craguel place up there? Cemetery village? Is there a cemetery village up there? Probably on Pompano. There's two. The median age is death. Just looking at clubhouse at Pompano Park any night. There's me in fat rich and Derek. I'm a little bit scared of the people in there. And Dick, a fine bird and Steve Wolf. Other than that, everybody's over the age of 100. Let's get some living and breathing people at Pompano Park this fall. What do you say, huh? Some young people like Brian Sears. Twelve minutes past ten at five, 60, WQM, So what do you think Gordon Fraser, Junior or Clarence A. Who would be your choice? Or Jerry Vanfield? Or how about Wayne Temple? Since it is Russia's son, we ought to be mentioned in Temple, Lot of you think? Huh? Yo, it's that time of the year again. The year when Metro Showrooms and Furniture stores run as Fony, Balloni, Ad Sales, those con jobs. That a mattress has a question to ask. If you double the price and then offer half off, What kind of a sale is that? The fact is these stores have got a run as special. Sail to come even close to competing with the everyday low prices That you're low at that a mattress. For discount prices, on dozens of models from the top names in the business. Seely, sort of tempered, pitaxim and skink, Well, Stearns and Foster, you would call 1-800 mattress. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, OK, oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, it kept me warm up, Hyatt's, oh, Okay, sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we've tried just they know I don't think it's gonna work Okay, sure without all the doing Alright, 1018 at five 60s. There's my psychic powers coming up again I must have known someone to back in my mind that that spot was gonna run just before we came back You must have about the West Wing never seen that show. Is it any good? I wouldn't know. I've never seen it either. Oh What do you think Scott any good? I don't watch it. Oh 114 votes in yesterday's pool pretty heavy duty. What sporter game do you hate most hate as it despies hate? NASCAR they hated Joe poor Joe costella man. He just can't get it right got nobody listening to we show overnight because they don't want to hear about boobies to that hour The night they want to hear about what do they want to hear? Boobies now they don't want to hear about boobies. They want to hear about like people from outer space So he would do the art bell thing, you know boobies on the other space NASCAR 255 they hated pro wrestling was a very respectable second 241 Golf I'm pleased to see that golf 157 is a strong third. That makes me please just punch Soccer 104. I don't even know if I should have put it on there, but of course there are a lot of kids in the country play soccer So it is kind of like an American thing you would have like way down on list dog racing 61 Because we have a lot of dog lovers in the audience not too many that one like help us with the band and press or not no Not enough, but we have people that like it's like the Marlin crowd, you know like all they're always Jim Sarni writing about the ratings And people are watching for free on TV like that means that there's a whole bunch of fans That's not what it's all about Sarni you little twerp you idiot god. I think he and very jackass are the same person Don racing 61 boxing 51 bowling 45. Why would you hate bowling? I don't know boring It is I don't know about I don't watch bowling. I have it in years. I'll use to watch it back when Carmen Salvina was a plan and buddy boomer and buzz phasio Remember buzz phasio no and Thurman Gibson. Oh, what up mind see here we go again. Here's another part of my brain need scraping out when it's out scrape it out Clenset basketball 44 that's basically because most of our audience is white and the basketball thing is mostly a Schwarzer thing hockey 31 that's not too bad. It's pretty decent total horse racing 28 football 28 I can't I can't believe that they're 20 probably women Who hate football because it's you know takes their men away for hours and hours and they get like all Plastered out of their skull. I mean Probably not a bad idea though because if the guys get placed today we'll ask how ugly and skanky and smelly some of them Brods are high lie 27 Baseball 24 and 10 estate team. Now see if you were to look at this you'd say oh see baseball's more popular than football No No chance no way Jose. Oh no a Catholic priest in San Antonio Tuchus Faces criminal charges have to allegedly expose himself to another cover police officer in a public park rest room last week Just to start Reverend Jersey Sisionisky a Some Polo 52 was arrested Friday afternoon on charge of a decent exposure. He was later released on bond Maybe he had to be was sprinkling gold bond on it or maybe just took a powder They're peacefully placed on administrative leave by the Archdiocese of San Antonio while Investigations conducted church spokesman Deacon Pat Rogers told he said Antonio Express news. I wonder if he's a kind of Deacon Delson And how many of these are you got how many of these story? I'm sorry stall mighty Jesus Did I finish the poll now? I never even finished it let me finish my poll and they were worried about which polls the priest are hanging on And football 28 highlight 27 baseball 24 tennis only 18 She never got to that thing about tennis which would mean you think that that says tennis is the most popular sport in South Florida Anybody believe that oh no Like we said yesterday the only reason anybody watch his tennis is because they want to see whose plan They want to see Anna's going to hold you for some other hot female tennis players for bikes All right, there are any And don't tell me Jennifer Capriotti man is she a talk about tree trunks She's that she may's dinner dinner. We know it looked like Yeah, Raquel Welch Old I'm serious are old while she is old X pastor sentenced for sex abuse a former pastor who led one of Mechlinburg's biggest churches now Mechlinburg is where It's in North Carolina Isn't it I guess I thought it was in West Virginia Mechlinburg is in Pennsylvania I think the Mechlinburg is in West Virginia which is close to Now I think it's in the Pennsylvania a former pastor What paper is this for oh the Charlotte does something or other? I still think it's in Pennsylvania who led one of their biggest churches in Criand bond that after being sent into Pennsylvania for five to ten years in prison for sexually assaulting his niece Oh, that's nice In an emotional hearing yesterday in a Carl aisle Pennsylvania court from the Reverend Lane or Hurley Professors in a Cincinnati for gave his piece for what he called false accusations by her He's expected to ask for new trial of the grounds that his previous lawyer was incompetent according to prosecutor Jamie Keating At least was ten at the time of the crime Now 16 she cried as she pleaded with a judge to send hurley to prison according to the Sentinel newspaper in Carl aisle her father's screamed at hurley He didn't pull the crowd a courtroom that rather than forgiveness hurley should seek repentance from a less to good child After the sentence was announced early posted $150,000 a bond returned to his home in Norfolk Virginia But so we're going out like Pennsylvania North Carolina West Virginia he's all over the place bond had been 75 grand he was convicted in May On four counts of sexual assault of a minor The crimes occurred in 1997 when he was living with his niece and family in Carl aisle Pennsylvania Tuesday's sentencing with the latest step at hurley's long stunning downfall from 1984 to 94 He built Matthews United Methodist in one of the areas fast-discoen congregations He brought in 2000 new members initiated building expansion and inspired members with his moving sermons He was moving it He resigned and turned in as United Methodist preaching credentials in 1994 citing mirroredal stress burnout and health problems He said nothing publicly than about sexual misconduct He denied sexually assaulting his niece or being a pedophile retired United Methodist bishop Bevel Jones and charge of the conference in 94 called hurley a gifted preacher but a sad creature who was brought down by his own problems He's a gifted preacher but a sad creature That's what his teacher said Maybe he watched creature features With big Wilson ethic while leading Arthur treachers, right? Oh, I hated our teacher. He was on a murk riff in show, I don't know Did murk riff in had any talent beside making money? No, no, but see I liked that I respect the fact that somebody although we didn't vet those quishos He invented Hollywood not the Hollywood squares. We look for it right and what else? Joker's wild no He had them do with Joker's wild. I was Jack Barry and Dan and right Who went to jail for a 21 but you know anything about that as Scott continues. Let's hear for Scott He says that you know he's full of crap I love it. Thank you man. I'm not a serstly no matter what you say we know it's wrong. So it's always Teacher priest gets prison for having porn. Oh my god. Oh my god A Toledo Well, we know where that is. It's a horrible place. Don't ever let me tell you again don't ever go to Toledo even by accident Don't wind up there. It's just a coughful awful like you know kind of like industrial filthy nifty The racetrack there. I'll still say it at the right now raceway park. I guess it is raceway park And the third bridge. I went there one time with this idiot who's now dead from coke, but at any rate The jockey's head bandages. Not just the horses Was the only racetrack I've ever seen where the jockey said race bandages is how crippled up everybody was Toledo Roman Catholic for a lost 500 bucks that day by the way Catholic priest in high school religion teacher was sentenced to 21 months in prison and he was just a curious today for possession of child pornography See I tell you when I lost my ass. I don't lie like all these other gamblers on a station. Oh, I hit her I hit the fix it. I hit does yeah hit yourself in a head wake up You lie in bunch of bastards any any gambler any can the jinn Rick gambler always tells you they're always winning little big liar the Reverend Stephen G. Rogers no relation 54 or may not leave evapisons from the dyesys of Toledo Said the Reverend Michael Deline died. They're awesome chancellor He said the decision on this future we made one sentence is done Authorities city was among customers who paid a monthly fee to subscribe to have access to a child pornography internet site US district judge David cats no relation to that great or radio broadcast agent David cats City wanted a balance nature the crime and providing a property turned to others He said Rogers wasn't involved physically with children but said viewing child pornography is what drives the business That allows children to be exploited He said there were numerous letters sent to his court and supporter rages because we were working at a church and the audio deoddi I love it's against him because of his dealing a kitty porn Well, there he go. There's just this a little thumbnail sketch of the latest bunch of Barbistan a goi. I'm okay. Who I do it after two rabbis in her food isn't on the Holy is the Holy days coming up UMK poor what they jump kipper friday I don't think like the will week after a rush or show them look at the calendar there's God Friday night does it say UMK poor Friday night? Oh Reset is the goi calendar 27 what it's a goi calendar, but it has some of the other holy days well, does it say how long is it gonna take to figure that out till about UMK poor uh begins Sunday at sundown in men Monday the six is yam kipper Well Sunday night some like that. I'll be damn poil poil these holidays and so little times You're gonna think that we're taking Monday off all of us because all of us said we decided We believe in Abraham and Moses. I like Moses. Hey, if you're underpaid overworked and under appreciated In other words, if your job blows your bosses and asshole and not making squat here's the answer for you You know what it is talk to our good friends at fast train you heard me talk about them for years now And what could you possibly be waiting for they're not gonna come your house and drag you out of there you've had to go to them by calling 1 8 6 fast train They can have you train and certified before the end of the year even though it's already October 1th The demand for computer professionals is gigantic so why not do it now and get you a new high pan career in a computer industry where you get a big fat paycheck and a real life A real career not some bogus paper or plastic out of a job Fast train offer job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules six floor locations is bound to be one Close by you fast train offers financial assistance for people qualify to so what do you got to lose be said a dead end job call fast train today Be sure and mention Todd Drec's name when you call one 8 6 6 fast train Check them out on I'd wicked way but fast train.com and and make that call one 8 6 Fast train And roll this is for 20 5 6 I'm Jed Gappel and this is the final edition of nightline You'll probably notice lately that much like all other news organizations We've been featuring only week puff pieces, but tonight we're going to break away from all that we originally scheduled a tour of Michael Jordan's bathroom Instead we have with us the father of teleband soldier John Walker Lynn Mr Paul in Mr. Lynn how are you this evening? Just candy you hired five attorneys to defend your son is that correct? Yeah, he's a good boy my thing can you explain why he joined the teleband's pile Brad always hated taking a bath. Why does he use his mother's maiden name? I don't know she's the one who wanted a baby you Simply familiar right now everybody thinks I'm dead. That was my lover. I tell them not to stand near the window So you assume his identity I want to call it that we have the same waste times where you surprised you find your son was living in Afghanistan Not just kind of with a carpet star and count count be good. Yes, I see Here real hair. I'm gonna show you it is kind of a radio mind if I check oh Set is fired too much. Half point act blow tries out. Teller try some deputy do I'll be back with some final thoughts after this oh S.A. 33 at five sixty WQM happy Wednesday to you See I thought when for I was talking about dance nighter there being in a coma Where he said it sounded like he was on a verge of dying Not being in a coma series. They're not good, but the article here from the Atlanta urinal constitution says he remains in a coma this morning but doctors said test so far rule out serious brain damage His cats can look fairly good said doctors son J. Gupta. Oh, oh good luck Dan Gupta from C&N that asshole an neurosurgeon who operated on started referring to computer brain imaging It didn't show any significant bleeding. He said he also suffered max celebration desoloration which results when I had a suddenly Whipped forward and backward Gupta said he was having to take some pressure off. That is brain during surgery and the coma was partially induced by anesthesia So there you go that's a deal. He's he's in a coma, but he's that doing just fine. I guess I don't know it's not brain dead. He's not brain dead Speaking of mo and here's our appool the first pull today and the reason I'm doing this is because I'm getting all these fiery ports I couldn't hear mo show this morning because some asshole had the pot turned up and I couldn't hear the audio from the station this morning for some strange reason Somebody was dicken with stuff what happened? Are just before 10 o'clock by the way Scott was that in the other room? I have no idea everything. Why is it good here? Why I couldn't hear the audio? Yeah, I had to be from the other room I think it's that Dan the Robert again. He's probably not a lot of stress because he didn't buy anything for our young kippur Like I said yesterday. I'm glad I'm not the only asshole around here. No, no. Oh, you got a lot of company You fit in like a rubber glove should kneel at set know how we David is overtures of peace and love He's really been sucking up to me big time. What's that line about on his main man now? Well something like that and He's promoting the hell out of our abandoned perescue, which I appreciate he's a dog lover So we have to give brownie points for that, right? Okay, and it was playing some drops from his keychain He's crazy Huh very excited to get the keychain and he's really fun and tight with you He she whipped it out for a new team the other day and his driver's license as well and truly he was 59 years old and Plus a few months a couple months Almost as old as me and almost as old as Hank who's the oldest of the how old any chaos Huh see Eddie's not vain so he wouldn't be one of those people who wouldn't tell us Who's the oldest of them all Hank is a let's see Juno Beach lies a four months older than I am Okay, I'm a year and a half older than Moe which is amazing because I must be a much better shape than his sorry ass He must have lived a tough life When everybody hates you like stresses you out and What about any chaos there's nobody else? I don't think he's got a shot on a year I don't I don't think Eddie K's older than not what about the girly man. No. I'm just I just like saying that the girly man The girly man can catch you that right now We don't think Eddie K is what older than David? No, I think he's 50 something maybe Yeah, he's what he had to not How do you know that maybe just look the good well? Was got a lot just taking a guess. I have no knowledge he's probably only 35 distresses I'm all that plunging those professional gamblers man. Oh, just kill you So here's our first poll today should Neil accept how our David is overtures of peace and love I mean this keeping keeping in mind when you cast your vote on the hills of him desperately trying to get Georgia's ass can try to interfere with his show and try to make me into a racist like Rush Limbo Which would get to that story and all this other stuff trying to do everything is power to sand daggers Just because of the fact we talked about his trickered pants and pastie s-wig and the fact is show suck So in any rate, you know, we've had this year and a half now real Hostility and deep seated heat And now all of a sudden just out of nowhere. I don't I don't understand why other than the fact that for altered on a real fast He's looking for an ally continues searching for a friend So here's the five choices should Neil accept moe how it's overtures of peace and love yes, we need harmony at QAM just like on passion. They're all in harmony Only if Neil has no self respect Absolutely not we hate moe Who's moe how are David and only if moe paints his bald spot? Those are the five choices What do we got on there so far look at that there's so many votes pile on there right now. It won't even refresh on here again It was refreshing though 65 Should What is going on with this thing? It's just going crazy See all we have to do is take any kind of a pull on moe and it just goes Wait a minute they go on us 67 votes Should Neil accept moe how are David's overtures of peace and love absolutely not we hate moe 24 Only if Neil has no self respect 16 so there's 60% almost right there Only if moe paints his bald spot 11 Yes, we need harmony at QM10 and who's moe how are David at six? Not looking too promising is it and of course you know we always abide by the will of the audience don't we? Oh, yeah, maybe we'll let this color from pop at a one line six decide for his pompado hello What is it Yeah, yeah Jump Yeah, yeah Good job buddy Yeah Yeah, that's it That's my call you're jerky being a new ride Oh jerk jerk. How they said George jerk jerk jerk idiot. I'm sure okay. Thanks asshole 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and 10 need a new life. Do my life's pretty damn good to be honest with you And I'm sure I have a lot better viewers loser sad pathetic loser who sits your mind waiting for 20 minutes on hold on some stupid as talk show So we come on a year for like 10 seconds to jerk you need a life jerk. I jerk this So anyway the Irish Limbaugh thing you did see that I'm sure about ESPN where he made the comments about Donovan McNab no I didn't see it on a George's favorite quarterback Donovan McNab's been a three straight pro bulls took consecutive NFC championship games him as the finalist for the NFL MVP Wardest first will see to his starter still commentator rush Hermon curing Limbaugh questions his credentials Deformic Nabla the equals to a 22th their 2313 when over to bills Limbaugh said on ESPN study NFL count on the McNab is overrated the comment contained racial overtones It's at off controversy a seat most other guys have been fired for things like that who've been like in the you know like Jimmy to geek right and People like that outcamp panes with the Dodgers. I don't think that that he's been that good from the get-go Limbaugh said I think what we've had here is a little social concern in the NFL The media has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well There's a little hope invested in McNab and he's got a lot of credit for the performance of this team that he didn't deserve the defense Curried this team ESPN spokesman said yesterday that Limbaugh doesn't do interviews added that he didn't take the comments were racially biased It was comparing McNab's performance on the field was reputation and immediate spokesman Dave Nagel said Nagel said that with Limbaugh on the show this season ratings for Sunday NFL count on our up 10% overall and up 26% among the 18 to 34 male demographic Which shows you there is absolutely no hope for America ESPN hired Limbaugh for his passion is ability to express opinions sparked the bit as a football fan Nagel said In just one month he certainly has delivered So basically what he said is this sports a ain't so good, but everybody says he is because he's a he's a guard dark skin Not a bit McNam, how do you like that? And probably down of in votes a Democratic too, so Russia hates him like poison 20 to 11 at 5 60 don't forget we have to official Marlon's watch party again Did they hopefully with the better result in yesterday? It was a pretty tense game Giants had a scratch out a couple of runs to win it, but could have gone either way So anyway, we got the big watch party the South known 330 a chulose take two in Miami lakes, Billy the Marlon Marlon Mermaids It arrived at pitching games will be there By the way, Muff didn't thank me this morning for a talk in the need to deter clearance talk in Mad Dog and doing the show Authoratool is yesterday, which I'm sure he'll do again today won't he? I guess Speaking of great places to eat how about vikin herbs? Rochester's favorite for years in years man legendary over a zidineers since 1934 vikin herbs is doing it in Rochester right across Lake Ontario for more omissant my ass right now And now the good news for you folks is vikin herbs is right there in South Florida I'm federal highway to South abroad Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side vikin herbs is kind of like a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before the fast food conveyor belt crap Go and enjoy a real burger hot dog served hot fresh and fast vikin herbs is being brought to you in so for a lot of day about the same people who will feed you cheaper vikin herbs uses the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat is cheaper vikin offers an incredible quarter pound hot dog and what makes these folks different from anybody also in town is their burgers and dogs are served with a fixed signature meat sauce poured on top given your combination of flavors that will do a kazanski right in your post even on your kippur if you're looking for something else to try vikin herbs is got lots of great dishes including a stupendous breakfast menu they've got omelettes cooked to your order french toast or is that freedom toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes so go buy vikin herbs and see what Rochesterans love for years and what you're going to love right now vikin herbs and federal highway just how the barbobard and the tunnel on the east side don't forget them at old red wing and the Rochester amork jerky or rather since you buy to vikin herbs this one makes the food up that I got to bet it's all said genic is the rock just a little now I have a lot remember we got to tin my giant stock I just served every rock that I got no way they stay genic is the rock but the stomach has put thin in hot the metal miracle I have up for me once was married to a desert crisp jubb he was a dud his diamond was smaller the stud now the weddings all bet I'm alone if it's you count on so get to the knees on the bone don't you see don't be why we don't need no pity I can still get the dd what makes the third rock that I got to bet so said genic is the rock just a little now I have a lot remember we got to tin my giant stock I just served out for the rock that I got to bet so said genic is the rock I spent a little club of the spend is not the wedding I've had a shop when I saw the fence hop here's the facts and email whatever it is how are you looking at the emails I don't get it oh sometimes subject actually in the york I can you like I got to bet with the guy did you do play back play for my me university one time no but for the university of Miami I did isn't Miami University the one in Ohio is not what they call it yeah but university Miami are who are coins yeah six years baseball I was great how many years you've been number one in my area a hundred about the third man thanks is a Jeff he's off the next for a garbage plate nice go baby get the old garbage play what that's good would like smeared with a hot sauce all over if you're on the acting by the way we love uh... vicarerves too you have nicka tacos what is that sarcastic what if you're on the items you love it can herbs no you don't need to bond well you sure don't get it do you know it's tremendous response on the phone we had one call already with some obnoxious hateful as a jerk jerk and that's all for once again exporting their hostility hate it's great that we can let you've been all the way co-hunter miles north right here to this beautiful city it's wonderful sunny and going to be fifty two today it's a beautiful day I love this time of the year so park drops showwages from edin for the real thank you what I didn't know this because my close friends at the park and by the time of this opening October 10 for its forty-two season of great harness racing without show majoring this year track management decided dropped the way director show majoring counter for only one point forty five percent of its total handle last season I guess what's no more five across on a long shot my good close personal friend general manager dick five or said we realize the show majoring is a tradition horse racing but we think it's a sucker back for our patrons it's not worth risking two dollars for an incentive in payoff that's the norm I believe it drives away the novice or first time player thinks they make an lowest wager and are disappointed when they pay off as a few cents more than their investment we also see see my first bet in the game was two thousand sixty cents I bet two bucks to show how we're totally the same many times i'll do a janko here comes down maclomerate the nine horse he wins the race sixty cent we also see domination show waiting is way to boost bets on our win and place pools which have much higher payoffs y'all the other ice going here I dig me while can done a call to say we wouldn't do that because they are done you're done can so that's what the fine versus no comment set a rush limbo thing is that incredible or what the phone should be full just on ad which we're not even talking about it but it should people should have something to say about that you're not from bokeh hello hold on hold are we on hold okay so that's two for two so far two assholes out of two were batten a thousand even baby Ruth and tie-cob never did that even p.d. rose didn't do that speaking of the jenmer gamblers who bet twenty thousand ashore whatever he does i can that business ago to a racetrack and just putting up stack up bills on the table say i'm not your head about it he pulls up a stack of hundred dollar bills in front of table and hey look at me look at this i got some money here look at this uh... shmock you know you know a peeping no one of the don't let him in the god damn a hall of fame you're the disgrace p.d. okay make me sit here's for a lot of the hell hello yeah hey no yes sir uh... again that's a bring up you know history all into this if uh... anybody out there remembers the draft all the people in Philadelphia uh... were a little uh... p.o. that they picked out of the nickname uh... because they want them to take bricky Williams uh... that was the other james uh... uh... well i was not this is the report that i could offer to will i mention everybody who ever played every black and everything that was not the you know using his right wing steel yeah time to get people to talk about it but more people to the yes he is well it's your work that's it you know i mean uh... if you're a little bit of a little guy said that they would a can't is as all ready because people in Philadelphia believe me they didn't just all let's get the black guy he and out there who they wanted ricky Williams i mean and i think he's got to start to last time i checked he looked pretty dark to me too yeah so i'm ready to all the other way with the chel take care of our great day say goodbye five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a new seriously some of the other guys have been can't for even less of what this guy said he's trying to say oh he's really not all i could but they wanted because he's black that that's one of the most disgusting outnuck's right right from the get go right out of the box this tub of right wing uh... hostility and crap this bigoted nasty miserable red neckie a tub of shmit about our good way they've help her stand and uh... that right poor Dave halberstein who's a great guy doesn't have a bigoted bone in his body he gets blown out of the way left left side line morally three point all he gets blown out by the heat because the fact that he made some off the uh... it was nothing but an aki was comet innocuous and right and all the other different people and how it goes south when you're really got shmit can for that the alvin garrard that little monkey you know because everybody is so sensitive but if rarses it hey look at a great demographics he's good look at a great numbers he's getting you know that's america for it just like that jury springer crack i was watching before with all those college kids running around the ticket or pants off some of more kind of go ceres that i just i mean what's the use there is no question in my mind i want to apologize to myself that to anybody else for wondering how it is that anybody with any kind of iq could vote for iron for governor california why was this possible how can there be so many stupid stupid stupid people it's amazing it's shocking is what it is but it don't chop me no more after seeing this all the eighteen to thirty four demographic or twenty six percent on the s p n uh... pre-gameshia on a ratings that's on this because rushes under because here my garing is on air who stepping and give them all kinds of bubble micey's and wild stories about our clinton's had thirty thousand people murdered in cold blood in the middle of a night in yati alia also the crafters making up crappies he goes along but on the uh... man three hundred pounds of crap on legs here's a call from bokeh hello and you know you're right about uh... we've got a lot of the lost in the yeah he's got a lot of i know you don't ever listen to show with the other car and keep playing he actually blame the new leak on the uh... spything on quen he's fun that around that one on probably tells he don't well no he said he said that uh... because bush is this uh... carrying sensitive person that he left a lot of people in the uh... secret service that reclent nights and we get the right the room has it the room in slip it swupp it clean yet because he's supposed to get along with everybody get a step of the middle of rushes fed us yeah and it was clinton's people that have been a bit of a slick down i want to know something why isn't it if no back supposedly knows who did this yeah but the new patriot act which you not probably go to why can't they force him i know that he's got this uh... the patriot act doesn't apply to right wingers like bob no vaccine right will it all the economy pincolibules like us right will it if it's a journalistic integrity and all this isn't that national security who ever not for his stand for both whoever told him the name of this person and and keep in mind keep in mind a lot of the day broke by doing that was put into effect by bush one by uh... w's papa oh yeah and they talked about that that was nothing rush talks about how the democrats wanted to get rid of that like with the uh... independent council they wanted to get rid of that the democrats did and the reason for that is because all they were doing attacking clean they work finding out anything so he got a beach a big deal yeah and then and now we want to independent council and then rushes all like oh my god see how they're too faced with democrats well don't make them a stick again mental just get your blood pressure up don't do it i know how to know how to put pressure is off to listen to his i'm a close one to fat ass limbo have a great day palanke thanks man okay to incongno five six seven five sixty pound five sixty all the eighty and ten for rising wireless line immediately has been very disastrous that a black quarterback do well seems to me that years ago what that was a uh... pretty solman who is the blind he was the quarterback of the college quarterback Doug Williams for Tampa right in washman yep Doug Williams his black is the ace of space he did very very well through a club like what about randle cunningham huh sure have a great one right great black quarterback so what the hell is this fat tub of Nazi right wing crap peddling here the media has been very disastrous that a black quarterback do well so uh... magnanimous the dominant man he's there gotta be made to be looked like a big hero even he's not who's the quarterback for a tenancy McNair statement there he looks pretty black to me right sure does there's all kinds of black quarterback all over the place rush maybe if you got your fat ass out of the guy damn uh... kitchen once in a while out of your guy damn fast food joint once in a while actually watch the ballgame you know what that you were talking about there's black quarterback something ass rush and that's why i like to stick my foot is right up yours your big fat ass is what i'd like to do he's echoing the uh... sports uh... media from 15 years ago i think from fifteen i see a lot of fifty years ago you probably got some reason why jackie rabbits in should be a lot of a baseball don't listen pieces don't cook some a little probably becoming up this coming Sunday so here you go all they gotta do now on a spn on the logo is put like a little swastika on there that sounds good to me i can just hear the opening for uh... the pregame show on a spn you might mention my name's a rice master garrison here we go here's the new thing pre-fpn pregame uh... Sunday football on the NFL the largest garrings i didn't say blue garrison lard as garrings yes tether you would know who look garrings anyway would you look garrings he had that disease you were gonna say that i knew it absolutely knew it how much should i know it i don't know why he's a sports guy right if that right up your alley selling five local six five six three those two two two six five two five six two eight coming up next on queer i thought that tell us to need a guy we make over yes or air five he's trying to take over the p.l.o. again from that mouhamid lefas name if he's to succeed he needs some help no kidding i mean what is up with that do rag i mean it's so five minutes ago really and that's crackly beard i mean who are you it's going to be our biggest challenge ever but we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe and transform yes or from a ringo star look alike to a well it well he's still gonna look like ringo but just clean our we need to do something about those glasses too oh we're gonna be doing just a ton of things on the next queer i for that call us diny and guy Thursday night today eleven o'clock at five sixty wq and we got to big gamaarlans watch party three thirty to sapphnoon now who's pitching for tomorrow is today uh... scott bread penny oh pennies for rumour so bread pays pigeon i see i don't understand why did they pitch done trial on sundae on a closing day of the season why did they do that instead of saving them for like one piece first two games out there but they they want everybody gets sufficient rest and they want you to pitch at a rotation not good well bright penny might just turn out to be uh... the he might be the answer they maybe it's like a two hitter and the marlins are one like four nothing is happening on the coast penny had outstanding stuff is last game out outstanding i thought it's important intensive here okay yes you start a sound like that last night i was given a hot media trying anyway shoelace day two is what's happening in marlins watch party three thirty seven and if we get word on whether or not dog is doing a show out there to not yet uh... uh... keep a mn suspense okay keep you hanging it's like uh... tomorrow like a we got a big gavan hit maybe and maybe it'll be like from noon till twelve fifteen or i just go to see if anybody's really there or not right how's that pole coming hundred sixty nine votes on our first poll today should neal accept more how our dividends over to your piece of love absolutely not we hate more fifty five we hate them we absolutely absolute hate them only if neal has no suffering spec thirty six she i have to take that very serious the under consideration cut only if most paints is vault spot thirty five that's what i voted yes we need to harm in it qm only twenty six fifteen percent not too strong and who's more how our dividend a full ten percent seventeen people say who does who that not a five-day can we can get professional painters to come in if he chooses that option because you have to admit that he really is a strenuously uh... extended the hand of friendship i mean he's sticking out there he's probing his reach it around his uh... moving it all over the place right right i mean when he's stuck right out there in the theorem you must have been a guest here's the money be chill yes one on the other yes sir yes thanks you just to comment real quick on the uh... elimination of the show betting in pomp and all that may be due to the rounding factor i think that the minimum payment on the on a ticket on a two dollar ticket has to be two dollars in ten cents yeah and on the show that's a they made uh... after the races one they made to the mathematics and find out that each of those people should get maybe two dollars in five cents so the track has to pitch in a nickel on every day that that's very very rare that's only if there's an enormous amount of you have a bridge jumper that fits like ten grand in the show for some like that happens only once in a blue moon very rare but i i still wonder that it might have something to do with the rounding factor i mean you know you figure that the more types of tickets they can sell the better and if it is only one point four percent of their handles still that's one point four percent see i don't like it because there are our people and by every now and i'll bet like uh... on a long shot five bucks across the border whatever ten bucks across and of course pay for example five forty show because it's a long shot and maybe the favorites off the board and you get like say five eighty show just a big example you lost a book on the whole thing you know so uh... it's it's a good bet that's true it offsets the other bats and yes you really may not have a good feel for it you may not be that interest right but you want to make a bet to have a some interest in the racely make a show that you know and i i don't i guess we can't do anything about it but it's that to see that they made that sort of a while i have an agree i mean you know pomp and a park and pector spots coming up in a minute and a good friends of mine but i just disagree with a monocir think a showbiting should be allowed uh... the tradition is there for zillion years you know i think so to win play show across and it did in addition to which the track is got the paraga to be the winner of five horse field for example or if there's a stupidest favorite in a race like one and i track they can eliminate showbiting and any race that they want to yes that's true on a race by race that's true i have thought about that point that's a good one you know they can do it if it works and they do they and they do do do do it yeah okay thanks pal right i'm with you yeah i don't like it thick i know dick fibers probably is there right now and swearing that's not a bit he's not saying i've been just a little he might be i mean if i want to bet two bucks and Donald breeder to show it might pay fifty bucks to show if he ever hits the board hey don't let's this way over turn the middle of the track now way out there by the grandstand come on donning hit him again just tip him again they're like uh... a little contain the tip him again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty see i have forgotten that this is you holiday thing rushing shun all the way through a young kippur man it's it's always like a little bit of downtime i forgot that it's another one of the excuses in south Florida why there's nothing humongous tremendous enthusiastic response that we love and no unexpected you don't we expected no expect something here's my any hello yeah yes sir are you doing good hello yes sir speak to me speak to me i'm doing great are you doing sir i don't want to come on to me yeah uh hopefully we're gonna run the ball another forty forty five times and pounded down what are you talking about what in god's name are you talking about the game sunday i don't care about the game sunday sir thought a sports show talk to the sports nerds about the game sunday you idiot you moron see i had to do is mention marshmallow and on a victim and nickname and all of a said but which is a social issue it's a media issue and has nothing to do with a game itself other than the fact that the guy happens to play the game in the mobile happens to be on a show that's associated with a pregame and this guy wants to hop me up on a run a ball forty five ten one up your ass okay pal you and Ricky Williams i'm sorry five five six seven five sixty when you can't make you a wakimson up the ass in the same breath it gets very upset i said it in dandelion i said right a column about it you know about our wakimson's really Cuban and all of the way up will be sore yeah not let me ask you this if if the golf in should win a super bowl with say won't but if they did would uh Robert Steinback right a column and say oh uh the golf is didn't win a super bowl we want it the black folks he wouldn't write that would no see that's really what an asshole dandelion bastard his man i have ever seen him together with that elie at my regas from chalphore same person professional cubano that's all in fact have you ever seen them and Miguel together now same person professional cubano pappa pappa padao fidao pappa that's why south photo soul full of division and hate man people are just can't let it go already okay and a hotel's there were never so great in the first place i don't give a crap what i'm in rots said here's for a lot of day hello yeah i knew yes sir you're the greatest man i love yes i am yeah what i'm gonna say about rishlop rishlop rishlop limbo or whatever his name is he uh you know one moon was a great quarterback he's one of top quarterback in the whole and it felt how could we forget war in the moon man that's right who also was in the Canadian football league exactly and um you know rush to the type of person that you know if you take him to seriously of course you can hop up your lives you know you're gonna get kind of you know but he he he he's all a part of the whole spin the whole right winner that they're there all of them yeah psychology thing they're trying to just get me tied everybody to believe in what they're saying and right and doing seem to be doing some kind of a job and a lot of these people because they seem to be you know it's really interesting if i come on here and i play a son perity about condol season say that he's a right wing sell out and they and a uh lacky of the Chevron and big oil if i said that right away there's a whole bunch of people a lot of hit me off the air but this type of crappy go on national TV on ESPN and he could say that uh the only reason that they're touting dotter in the Mcnab is because he's black and immediately wants to make a black guy look good in football yeah i mean even if there are people who're given the black abides i bet you they're one of those leather go on here i'm the media not on here the not gonna say anything okay pali will hang in there it's all i can tell you have what do you say i find six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Martial side don't forget best in the old van hit tomorrow noon to two or noon till other give up that that rationale you were given before was so weak but that's just we've done it that way in the past we have done it that way in the past but we didn't start it at noon we didn't start doing it at noon see that's what you're forgetting we gave people ample time so that the Chevron's like a change in uh the game plan they had time to switch to switch gears say you have to have time to switch your gear that's what Richard said and he's switching it right now we've a Yamaha 36 71 north and siaba poppin obiege that's where ramakella and uh jocustella beat of our noon to do until two and the first five donators get a pair of alas kupert against for Friday poppin obiege Anthony the courtesy of the real yellow pages and the good news is George's DSL's working let's here today my Gary Sarner happy what today don't don't be so you're so skeptical i think it's going to be working for years and eons to come you watch or we're gonna daily report i hate them thumbs up or thumbs down i don't want to hear about it here's palpino hello hi Neil yes sir yeah now what does your opinion on something we're got in you know limbo working on the STM yeah and they said they're talking about how they're ratings have gone up here's interesting because Michael urban joined them this year also uh you think he might be responsible for their ratings going up a little no well no we're going to ask him is you know he is a black former athlete he's a quasi criminal directed a number of nine and he's in he's semi-literate at best right and that's where i mean that's those bring a lot of people to to watch oh and speaking speaking of in our ticket what the hell was i mean Tony win was one of the great baseball players of uh hitters anyway of our time but what the hell is he doing on here it's not bad i don't think i've worked such a funer to on at the braves comes game last time Tony win i mean this guy he sounds like Mickey Mouse on helium you know there's there was somebody working with the company in less united with so comical me thought it would happen it would do it two outs i was on the right there yeah and and somebody gets to hit me scored and in the guy was commenting that was really great you know he stopped to feed up there was a hit before you're he broke for home i'm like it's 12 you wanted to crack it a bat when there's two outs yeah this is an extra player saying it's i mean in that play the game for 20 years and he doesn't realize that when it's too out should make contact the gear you can just take off for god who was it that Tony win who sounds like uh somebody's squeezing his nuts for the i don't know whoever was terrible but i'm just curious you know because i i don't want the SP and show i don't know what you need he's pretty game show yeah i don't know none of them i want to see the game i don't want to see a bunch of x-dog slapping these other on the ass and you're called up you know Terry Bradshaw but you'll be a little bit more on sit there don't i don't try to and Chris Collins worth all trying to like out humor the other one you know be real broadcasters you know but it's just a little bit because you know they told him about limbo bringing you a bigger audience and i just curious if you felt that urban kind of anything to do with it no i said 79 i was sure it's pretty well i think maybe Frank Irvin and Brad Hannover but i had to do with the heavy great day sur 5 670 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what's the only horse that beat Brad Hannover twice Mr. Ed was it edios vick was that horse that great horse that Chris boring drove what was it name of the ant horse see now i'm gonna lose my mind how we get started on this i mentioned the thing about where she'll be on all of a sudden i'm getting sucked into a sport show do we want to do a sports show no 200 and 12 votes on a poll though pretty heavy duty should kneel except know how we've david's overtures of you know we might lead this poll up all day today and say the other one for tomorrow sure don't you think good plan this poll is getting a phenomenal response i mean these people are really into a more poll just say tomorrow that's when people are saying overtime just say no tomorrow especially when i get those urban trend varies lot of urgesia now tomorrow aren't they absolutely oh i see i really honestly don't know i mean i have you know me i got that soft spot in his works is he's really been a pin in the acid bit of not just right us uh you and the ures truly it's he's just trying so hard now like a little child like please please won't you forgive me and can we kiss and make up any audience is basically saying no no no no well they love the blue thing they do like this they like to stir up hate that's right just remember hate hurts the hate or right or they say in Atlanta hate hurts the heat but that's terrible about then a heat like especially about dance night is in a coma but he is now it's not he's got doctor group to take care of him so we won't be seeing him no more 2012 votes should neal of sent more our dividend's overtures of peace and love absolutely not we hate most 65 only if uh most pince's vault spot 44 it's just changing again uh only if neal has no software expect 42 yeah those two together and you got like 70 percent yes we need harmony of qm 37 16.8 percent and who's more our dividend 28 now maybe they're just too many negative categories on there you think maybe no no I mean how about one it's is uh uh what else could it say can't we all just get along no we got that the harmony thing a qm this audience don't like harmony they like hate and division and you came to the right place 11 13 at 560 wqm attention horse racing fans pompotoparks pick up the devil kicks off their 40th anniversary season starting next friday out to over 10 a week from mother's friday practice going to feature top class nighttime horse racing high stakes poker there's a new post time of 705 pm for the harness races and a poker on the open from noon to midnight every live racing day pompotopark is also open seven days tonight's week with the best of harness their bread and the highlight action from all across north america for you to watch and wait your while final casting on parallel down the history of the human race and please don't forget that general parking and admission are always free at pompotopark they love that word the south florida free new this season at 25 percent increase in persons a nightly giveaway of $400 betting voucher and a revamped free power play rewards program that gives you points for the betting the horses or playing poker that you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers no show betting and an opening night Friday October 10 the first 500 fans ad t in order get a free $2 pick four wager plus its family fun night a live radio broadcast and drugs to get into a money machine with a $1 in size and you can also win cscape dinner cruise tickets to lots of great stuff going on for the opening of the 40th anniversary season at pompotopark week from friday October 10 pompotopark a black side of a landing bullet guard power line road for the race schedule or the simultaneous schedule call nine five four nine seven two two thousand or check it out on the a wicked worldwide web at pompotopark.com a we're supposed to be a you a but up this is rush one ball seven of humanity talk show host hemorrhoid suffer folks over three other pounds i know the agave of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen i'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellent suppositories now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhoid will teach you just for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator to back them another fine products from all i b the obesity in broad castling of work speaking up in the ass is my close friend dick find word from pompotopark how did i know you'd be calling all that's a great segue ever see the two of them together no rest my case i want first i want to enter your uh uh your question from before the break uh audio stick Jim Dennis did be the uh a b bread hammer couple did i say that i knew you yet you did in the horse you were you were you were you're you're you're you're you're i could have told you was audio stick what was the crisp boring horse true delay true dwein can be bread man over a hollywood mark in the clattic at the only rate to bread hand over finished worse than second in his career and a reason i think that happened is it was one of those races that they tried a race in from behind which wasn't his style of racing he liked to race on the front break urban change the boy for some reason he changed the vital he wasn't yeah it's like his breakfast last race and he either he went from uh our open bridal and put blinder sonum and uh he couldn't hold him and he went like he went to record he went a pile and record time the problem was the race was a mile and a 16 yeah he got tired at the end he had one of frankham syndrome yeah yeah exactly very good but that i know i did call all put it to defend myself a little bit all right hey listen i'm not all bent out of shape about it i just now do a great with a guy to call before that old cockett was complaining about the show betting i happen to like uh you know if you've got a 15 to one shot or 20 to one shot or real good long shot and it's worth taking a shot at it and you bet like five bucks across the board on it you can make some serious cash on it it becomes in and it becomes in third if it actually hits the board you might actually make a couple of that's true um i've got a couple of things that that uh weren't mentioned one is that with our with our field size which averages a little over eight horses are ready the value is really diminished the tracks that have ten horses or ten starters more or eight i think there's still plenty of value in the show school and the issue of the mine of school is is important to us because the way we're too floored a lot of out of state tracks and uh shop are uneasy taking our signal because if a bridge jump or comes in to their place it makes the bet they get stuck with making up the uh the different the nickel on the dollar and it's not like that in in other states so we think it's going to help us dollar signal uh a little more uh outside the state but i know it's it's going to be controversial one of the reasons we did it was uh you know to do something a little crazy get people talking about us i think that's worth already and uh you know we'll see uh we'll see how it plays uh the thing that bothers me you better not want to have the show at twenty to one yeah if it finishes thirty you get all excited the two favors happen around one two and you get a you get a pay off of two dollars and sixty cents or even worse that twenty to one shall win the two favors run two three then you see them and you've got to show bet it's going to pay forty two dollars maybe fourteen dollars a place and then two fifty to show you feel like you've been worked over a little bit yeah we're gonna have to wonder five shot finishes off the board in a page like uh forty bucks to win sixteen bucks to place and thirty five bucks to show because the wonder five shots off the board made a break that's right well you know you can still uh that's why they call it horse racing you'll still be able to bet make show bet on the other fifteen or twenty tracks we bring you bring you you know it's not like you can't make it show bet you know so it's not the show better is what you're really trying to say is you try to pay me into a quarter what a pussy try to trap that show money this guy is you know well I mean it is only one point four percent of our handle so yeah we you know we think we can make more more by selling the signal to more about that is safe what they can shot be how it works and uh we get people to talk about it but the Johnson said we got a shot that's right and uh and uh and the rush things you know uh he started to get popular when he was right across the street from the insect or mental or the station called KFCK right across from the barn area where you get smell all the horse poop and uh he just used to come over to the races and uh uh on fourth of July and you like with uh you know be the BDMC for the firework show but that was you know that was that was the beginning of it for him he was that was eating all of Kebler cookies from the Kebler that could be but he was that he I mean he was like a 200 yards from uh from my office that's where that's where he brought cats and you know that's for all but that stuff uh you know that's where he uh he got his uh he got his uh a poppin uh I'll be damned and got yeah well bad day there was probably okay that's so we can not only can we blame you for uh eliminating the show but he got poppin a park we can blame you for a given rush limba his start that's right we gave him a leg off that they say in the horse race yeah yeah that's um well it wasn't really neat it was uh it was I had no choice over that it was uh uh but the state playgrounds and Sacramento thought he would be a good representative well he was no Steve Lawrence and I'll tell you that no you these certainly was and we'll get Steve back here and hoppin on a couple years so as we get the pop machine he was no gene for landing him wait have a great day Dick we'll see you bye bye oh when I start throwing him names out George just start his in his innerist start doing all kinds of the wild things I'm sorry I didn't hear a word I'm good 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we're doing a sports show today sounds like it which is you know I want to know why why to hell not we'll do whatever it hell we want it's pretty damn entertaining if you ask me if you ask Dick you'll think of the same thing anyway how's mode doing not good not good we need how many acuems hold a got 15.6 percent our 255 votes absolutely not we hate mode 76 only if the hell has no software expect 52 only if mode paints is bald spot 51 doing poorly mode absolutely not well with his crowd here's for Lauderdale hello keep making a skip no okay keep big and excuses for me to ask all and whispering on the air if we're having no life keep making excuses smart well after I see it 5 6 7 0 5 60 so let's see that's two in about well we haven't taken that many calls yet not bad again we're just still pretty good uh not gonna have any calls on a wrestling ball thing okay that's fine that's all right not gonna have any calls about the mow and this whole thing that we got going on with a pool today not gonna have any calls about the fact that for well wants the mow's job and Hank's job and everybody else is job on because it is a self-promotermant he's a gogator he wants to spread it out when it out spread it out here's margate hello hi Neil yes sir yeah um i just had an idea um with the internet voting you know how the banks can take your money you know through the bill paying or whatever yeah good night to have an election you know do that the voting through an election type process i'm a internet yeah i mean they can encrypt what about people what about people that don't have computers you know why they go to the polls that what about computer hackers well i mean can't they fix that somehow eventually what about sleepers what about people that'll load up with phony votes like they do on our poll all the time what about those people viruses are worse but what about the old virus in the way and what about the wicked worm huh yeah well couldn't they do like a verification like a pen number i mean they can take your money they can't get a proper vote you know they mean yeah well they're saying now the electronic voting is going to be is even more subject to fixing and the the old thing at least with the balance yet something tangible to count and recount the electronic thing it's just a number of machines somewhere they can they can press a button and make it read whatever number they want I guess yeah i was the thought i thought you know eventually maybe they could do it though it would work well i thought maybe someday when it get to be foolproof and about a hundred years thanks a lot paly good idea but i can happen very difficult to make it happen are we you think we're going to have another honest election in america no in fact look at all the time it's going to say we can still have some entertainment shows on election i'd used to be pretty entertained it's not entertaining no more except of course in 2000 when florida gave america all of that her although the schilke's man when people were taken me locks by the gallon what a show oh he one no he lost though we think we don't know a gem said it's okay to fix his in whatever it had it was and look what we got now huh top had rows of a look what we got eleven twenty seven at five sixty wqm brandy shoes has been around through thick and thin man through good times bad and in between over twenty five years in south flora of doing good things for your feet it's pretty neat to beat your feet how does echo on a Mississippi mud that says we're going to be for you to say anyway they got the top names in a business rock port's echo is the fisto timbreland Clark's essay as florishime all the top names they got people reading of your personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time and they got a wide range of sizes so they can fit just about everybody under the sun man sizes six to 15 women's five to twelve wits from the very nearo to the very big fat and wide every time i say that i think of platypus i don't know why there's a platypus actually having big wide foot uh yeah pair one shocked me and with over forty or uh uh i hate when i do that but put that i put down my halls lazens there so i throw this about ninety five percent and i put it on like a piece of paper yes i don't want to talk with the other something in my mouth and it gets like the paper gets stuck on the last and didn't you put it on the halls on the paper right now here there it is yeah well let's uh like need to get it and with over forty thousand people all right for a thousand parents dot hand their eight thousand square foot mega story or rarely hear them say sorry man or mister we don't have a chill looking for it stock they got it and all this wicked brandy's is a big red tag sale take fifty percent off all famous brand names shoes with a red tag come in or visit them on a web at brandyschews.com and guess what i still like showbiting what's written in the box uh oh we're fine Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team they're they fluffed the ball from gold or gold like new ones ever seen oh they're on the ground that's where they'll stay they're never in control open when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphin Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many jeans a million i'm a fan Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them you'll always lose they don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put them in their juck then they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the stadium we'll see Miami and there the Miami dolphin Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many jeans a million i'm a Miami dolphins Miami dolphins the team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just fifty thousand as whole sitting in the stands here they watch the game and all they do is mowing gripe and bitch i wonder how joe abi got the piece so goddamn rich and there the Miami dolphin Miami dolphins number how many jeans a million the Miami Miami dolphins Miami dolphins i hear the crowd begin to woo the dolphins have great feedback that quarter facts that you run down the field and he will go up past over you i'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many jeans a million and he's here Miami dolphins Miami dolphins take calls his signals and he brews but dolphins have no defense and their offenses at juck like George Bush eating pretzels you know they're gonna choke they'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race with fewer points than pot marks on high singers of leapfacing there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number all what the hell 32 but Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins now they're free the film would be on my feet it's love 34 26 till now we got to talk fast because of one o'clock we got our big wins they wanted to comedy with our our win yes we do to which we say you decide right 284 votes on a pool today should neal accept more how our dividends over tours of peace and love absolutely not we hate mo 89 31.3% hate mo like poison only if Neil has no self respect 55 that's over 19% only if mo paints his vaults but also 55 19.3% yes we need harmony a wqm 43 15.1% 15% said we need harmony and everybody should kiss and make up who's more Howard David 42 almost another 15% see that's a lie they know who it is you think it's possible at this day now game out of care what also listen to in the morning you think it's possible at anybody out there don't know who we know you're liars 42 liars so far out of 284 votes that's not a good sign but what i was a low strike i did i'm all for the comes but that was a low strike i just saw or some bad calls did you see the bad call do you watch the game last night's gone no double double play the chipper johnson and they call them safe at first it was it was fairly close but he was out it's a damn good thing they didn't pull that game out after that because i would have been really some comfort tops on it he was out it was a double play oevey okay blind men blind lady on lines i think it's a home call yeah it was a homercol homocol school apologizes for not see display by bands speaking of light as limba performance quote coincides with rush your shumma nice timing in Paris Texas you redneck yahu's speaking of rush and w and all these other pharbiscina right wingers the Paris Texas school district to apologize yesterday for performance by one of his marching bands which played an eight off hitler anthem and wave the Nazi flag during a football half time show and eight off are you ready for that anthem anthem like one of the ones we got in there like do you spaggable hours don't we have it in there we got to have it yeah there you go i got with and eight off hitler anthem in a way the Nazi flag during a football half time show band director Charles grisson remember mr. grisson now Charles grisson said the song and flag were part of a musical performance called visions of world war two was performed at a Dallas high school Friday which also just happened to be rush or shun of the start of the jewish new year one of the holiest days in the jewish calendar how do you like that oh the performances in attempt to factually portray the history of w w w two triumph of good over evil and honor our peddens for their sacrifices ensuring freedom throughout the world grisson said in the statement he added later that he made a major mistake in judgment absolutely yeah the performance was greeted by heavy booze at the Hillcristhe high school in Dallas and several objects were hold at the band how do you like that even in Dallas they said hey you far bissed her way we Nazi bastards cock saw twice who they didn't know what it mean but they's uh but it be meaner but they said it sounded good show included the flags of other nations fighting in w w w two such as Prince Brittany West and Japan the flags are wave twice as a musical selection of each country was played I bet you they didn't have a bunch of people running around making like pulling her eye eyes apart like slady eye things you know I don't think so oh I know what you're saying like that about the judge that's what I was doing the per school their tradition and apology to Hillcristhe high school districts had Paul Troll the superintendent of per schools we regret there was a misunderstanding we strive to be sensitive to the feelings of other and are always willing to amend our actions when we fall short Troll said the band will still perform musical composition but we only have the US flag on display not the swastika perist Texas located about a hundred miles northeast of Dallas seen of the assassination of President Kennedy I just mentioned that in passing too home of course Texas of W are commanded and thief how they're like that swastikas and you you wonder about this the creeping fascism what did I tell you huh it's not a coincidence this story you're a area in a hooking the quentin california by the way she used to defeat the recall and get rid of Arnold and sing it by the Arnold because only more as a vote for Arnold only idiots would vote for Arnold for Rexha from the race most like tears the way for lieutenant governor Cruz boosted Monte they're in the best hope of 40 shorts and I guess should governor great Davis lose the recall vote they ain't got a chance man they can't beat the media Arnold's got the money he's got the auto for governor I think that's an idea let's start picking governor's for all of the states okay we already got a bosom Florida we don't need to replace the jib my homies a jiu better than that can we sure I'm you'll have to find the best of fun how about a media ester viz sure yeah some local celebrity some clown how about co the Jose consucco hi everybody with a piece to defend themselves with picking keep the peace piece of crap 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I mean instead of Arnold let's go for somebody at least with a sense of humor I know how about Mickey Mouse I think would be better right I know Mickey's in Florida now maybe Mickey Mouse for the first time what do you say oh yeah Disney World inland right I think it's a hell of a good idea we could do Mickey and Minnie but we get Mickey I'm gonna slip you to Mickey in a minute if you don't cut the crap 20 till noon at 560 WQ and we got I don't know it seems like we're getting a short change due today I don't know what it is am I complaining no No now when you consider that all week long I guess the hump are worked on Monday and that was it And keep in mind this is not for those who keep track notification week you just the following You know a bucket of crap is your old saying goes just looking out when it's out the hump are locked out You got these damn playoff games right there square in the middle of his time slot That's probably why for real although for brothers not one of those who wants off here. He wants on he is always on He wants on now he wants on next week. He wants on on circus. He wants on when I'm on vacation Remember those days sure that was not a good idea. That was not a good idea Scott That would be like oh well hands the one on vacation is week how about you'll do when I'm sure and uh No, I'm a finisher Right to them saying yeah, they make any sense But Scott is trying to like bridge you know bridge out a little bit branch out. He's trying to like move into all it pretty soon It's gonna be all for all day. Yeah, and as much as we love for rail that voice after the first 15 18 hours Might start getting a little bit grading you know what I'm saying I think five to 10 a.m would be I mean eight to 10 a.m is perfect First got I don't want a step on poor mo So hard there's like a part of me the old softly that I just you're right though. I would have no self respect to make up with him After all the evil horrible things he's done Dr. Evil mo he's been banned you don't think it's uh Never too late look at this field cabaretta for more cub And come back and say yeah my grandpa remember you play Wow, field cabaretta. He was also the manager one time like everybody else was and a little bootrow What's his name a donovan McNebbs gonna make a statement? Which I haven't been watching here, but let me know when he starts speaking and Response to what rush had to say about the him only being counted by the media because he happens to be black And media is trying to invent this successful black quarterback and as we mentioned how many do we mention my third man More in moon to Randall Cunningham to like a whole bunch your very successful Black quarterback and see It's just amazing. I'm almost speechless from this I see the same thing here the same comparison is Baba and the blow jobs and everybody was talking in peace When we had to go through all that I would be business waste those millions of dollars and now we got a president into a Got a single war based on lies and American kids are over there dying every single day Here attached dollars to being flushed out a toilet every single day and other than a couple of people would balls nobody's really seriously talking about in peace But yet It's freaking unbelievable And it's the same thing with a rush thing you know Jimmy DeGeek said this and this one said that there been a whole bunch of guys who've been canned because Everybody I'm the national networks anyway, so I'm thinking I was sensitive it up tight about racial remarks But Rush Limbaugh that fat lion son of a bitch he can go on her say any damn thing he likes hey and awaiting syrup. It's great, you know He's a crap 18 to lunas five 60 WQM if you're fat like Rush they just showed a clip him He used to look better when he was fat Yeah, he's got all that he looks he looks evil now. He looks even more evil and before he before it was like a surface fat when he was fat It would you look quite so dangerous now. He looks dangerous kind of like Joseph Gerbl's and David Gurgley I'll tell you a place of Euro stomach is growing cuz you're fat like Rush here's the answer for a Delights a West book a great place to shop no matter which low carb or sugar free diet You're on the acorns to South Beach diet sugar busters or lots of others. I mean that bitch Suzanne summers Because one thing they all have in common is to try to get you to eat the best tasting lowest carb sugar fee foods available And it delights you'll fight over a thousand low carb products available like bagels and friends Cheesecakes muffins brownies chocolates pasta sources chips dips soups ketchup's carbolite ice cream champion light drinks and five delicious flavors their back Wall of brownies by control carb Carver like candy coated chocolate covered penis a peanuts apple cinnamon granola by carpsent crunchy pretzels by carpsent and like I said over a thousand low carbon sugar free products you can try any item and store before you buy the acorns brand products I want sale all day every day even on your mkipper They're open seven days away from tinnitendio find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 next to Boston market or column full free 1 877 low carb LOW WCARB or on the web It's low carb LOW WCARB dot com how do you like that same spelling low carb dot com and by the way Dr. Rackens reminds you don't fall down The lights of west book a your official atkins retail center Let's read Listen to the show and One of the morning hosts was carbon up a restaurant that I think is terrific They were talking about how he had gone to this restaurant for lower-dillist daycouse Jackson's which is either been there. I've been the Burton jacks which is now closed But he was saying how great it was and that for some reason he took a shot at New York Prime I'm gonna tell you something that's in Boca. I'm gonna give them a make good because He said that the services bad and they try to rush out of there Maybe they just didn't kiss his inflated ass or something you know I mean some guys were well known they like to go on a restaurant where people fall on over him if they don't get that They get unhappy with the place. I'm gonna tell you something I have been to that place probably a half dozen times. I know a lot of people who go there The restaurants fantastic and I will go out on a lemon. Tell you it's the best steak sauce You can get anywhere south of Peter Loores and anybody who would knock that restaurant Has got the problem the restaurant is not the problem. Yeah, they've been there before together Well, we'll go anytime you want to and you can tell me of our right or wrong. Okay that place is fantastic It's where and you know what it's not that far it's if you lift from here It's less than a 45 minute ride. It's right. It's right and my is not part so he does not say It's better than the other place because I haven't been to the other place. I'm just saying it didn't deserve to get knocked Now, maybe he had a bad experience there. Maybe they didn't want him around that one. You know, it's maybe he was a pain in the S, you know, and they said let's get this guy out of here. I'm serving him. Get him on a road Absolutely, I'm 48. I wonder if we was talking about 12 minutes before noon. Yeah, you know you got an awful lot of fence Many of you do before we all of a sudden just they're saying okay all those for giving please come home We're gonna kiss your balls, but we're gonna like squeeze your bag a little bit and the seabab pops out Got a lot of fence men you do it. I have to be take weeks and months and maybe never But he's given it is a best shot maybe on a week back better to maybe you know that would be good all I don't like food basket all like food a little bit but not a food basket. You ever seen a food basket Yeah, it's not a fact great. Here's a lady in boit and beach hello, cherry Lady and boit and beach Benanas is gone The lady in boit and beach we put around her she was online nine we put her our right off the bat And she was seeing and as soon as she said hello, I hung up Well, I was like it man was one of those things where you can't stop or it was beyond a point in overturned You were committed maybe she stole her hello. Hello. There she is. She's still there. Yes. Yes, Neil You were talking about Impeaching bush in the tombeek post the other evening September 29th to the exact They had an article about somebody is selling in pink bush Yeah, well, that's great, but that doesn't to get the job done. Oh, I know. Yeah. Well, how do you get a matter there? Sounds like probably an election next year if they decide we still want to have one Listen, I voted for a McBride up here in Palm Beach five times and it never came out. It never came out I got boy So it's all fixed and it's a few off sick. You're right I'll see at the border bring your passport. I think so. Okay. All right I'll take you where we can get some good kishka in pastrami. I'll tell you that. Oh, that's what I'm gonna get today for lunch I'm gonna send that to me. No, no, not the pastrami. I'm gonna get some Monsibal soup and kishka. I never did that the other oh I was gonna ask Ask what I was I'll kiss you. How is the soup? You room pastrami for me No, I did not call her and culture did it don't blame me. Okay, okay, I was wounded forever and The fact she's got the cool slaw on all the Yeah, cool slaw and a cheese And believe me that ain't Russian dressing There's another five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line Mo was up to 16.3 percent. Yes. We need harmony of QM. He's as you're up there a little bit He's trying his best. Okay. He's making a real honest effort I give him a little credit for that not too much But I do I want to look at this thing openly honestly. I want to have it open mind. Do I? No, huh? Oh, I know George does because George is like he's got him right there. You know like look at him at the race You keep you keep having these encounters It's not what I try to avoid in my head For Not so-and And then all of a sudden there are and some encounters their advances Maybe he's seeking you out maybe when he looked it out in the tube And he was trying to like send you a message. You know like Joey Zanzi sending a message Maybe he was trying to say hey paly take a look at this, okay Well, that old time smokers at a time maybe you'd like to you know Taking a trip up my Hershey highway. He's got a wig there too Here's Evan Chiro. Hello. Hey, no, how you doing? I think it's really steel wool. Yes, sir. I might be your truck Back the first of all with mo I think their mo has become clean. He has to come into your studio and sit on and reveal Wasn't you really trying to get George by it when that he really called? I don't hear he already admitted that to me. I already know that The audience one year right right. I'll be the day about with with with with with with Joe rolls and with George Rodriguez everything he has to come clean with everything Secondly with the Russian embossed situation. I blame me at the end of one because it's like they're trying to make this got mainstream And when they come in mainstream mainstream, then they don't try to make the public think that They don't care what they don't care what they make him as long as they can use them manipulate and to get bigger ratings Which seems to be what they're already accomplishing and you know because it's all about money They don't give a crap about what they make him as long as they can use him and his popularity to get people to tune it in I think it's too cold to it. I think that's true, but it has a they have the biggest plans also because a lot of them Little racist not super public has in their suit but they want to try me on mainstream Yeah, but two with that is that a lot of these black players and they have been a Shaboy Coddy a situation going on this show and you know if I they should be the ones that really speak up You know they get a little complacent. They make a little bit of money. They get complacent anything. Oh everything is good But me and some people are in the back door trying to school everybody I mean the comment is so inane it's so idiotic it would be like saying oh all the media's trying to make Rick and Williams look good because they're overblowing his performance because they want to make a black running back look Good, you know, it's just insanity Well, I said any different really for many other things that you said It's not and another thing It's far the the leaked in the White House as far as I'm exposing it The guys white that just go show you if they don't care about the lives all these soldiers that are being killed or they're why would think I think they can let about one woman who were from the CIA because of the And very well said well said I knew thank you Thanks, Pally good call 5 670 560 ran out of Randall Cunningham But Donovan McNab is going to have a press conference What are these men taking me they promised like after hour goes momentarily he didn't will let you know you see yet? No, no, he threw it They're too busy talking about the what what is this crap? Oh, you also weren't the show also won a wings were less with their hacking about now 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line highly hello Yes, you know, this is a long time I just had a comment on honor running it for governor and California Yes, really it really shouldn't surprise anybody we have a history of collecting people from the entertainment industry I mean you had Ronu that cool Sure Murphy George Murphy George Murphy, but these people weren't but these people weren't illiterate They weren't like some kind of a comical character. Yeah. Well, this is what we have now We have Clint Eastwood Grandi and look as president now wasn't elected but president now but both are to clown Yeah, okay good call brilliant We also had sunny bono and California so that goes to show it 560 50 50 60 I mean it's I can't even find the words it just leaves me to limp it leaves me I just want to jump out the guy damn window and I'm way up here Said it's pathetic hello I still I beast a baby time to terminate great Davis you know the man is so guy they may a little written stupid That you have to be a moron right so I guess what the message is that 40% of the registered voters in California The ones that are gonna show up must be more on Right, I think I got my finger on it Boy Why is that press conference already with dynamic nickname? I would love to see them firewashed them balls and I saw for there Not that it makes any difference. He's a multi millionaire. He's making tons of money from his goddamn show He's syndicated on 650 stations from coast to coast probably because his agent is like an overgrown child Probably because he's got a good agent. I'm surfing channels feverishly right now No, no, I got it on CNN. They said that they're gonna carry a lot They showed the the setup where they had a microphone for the press conference, but it is not yet really trust me when I tell you It'll be on there just don't panic stay calm like us know what I mean Here's your field hello Hey now yes, sir. I was watching TV a couple days ago It has anyone called in common about rick sanctions coming back to South Florida not a one Your kidney on NBC six they are going to have the rick Sanchez show Well, we knew that was coming, but I already know that yeah Well, what happened? I already have a homosexualization Not a little bit of a so I might as well have one with you too. Yeah. You want to go back with one Clevver you see do you wonder what happened with one? Oh, well, we even with that mess and be see those very short term Right, and they found out that he was embarrassing and melodramatic and ridiculous and had no credibility Hey, Rick bye-bye I wonder if his first topic on his show should be drum driving on roads or anything like that and he'll probably give us an update on a guy who's still dead by the way And he ain't saying much from what I heard The temperature is right What is it what is it temperature up there my ask? All right now. Yes, sir. I'll tell you what is right this second. Oh wait a minute. Wait a minute. Oh, I gotta go Auto service expert. It's a 50 but I gotta go back to The end plan in the league who are African American quarterbacks or the kids that are in college Who have dreams of playing on this level or kids in high school who are you know Are using all of the African American quarterbacks as you know a role model You know either lies on us You know now when you say that you know now that they feel well about Go out here and I say that I'm a dynamic now work. I'm a Dante co-oper for Michael Vick Yeah, how about Michael Vick? You know because of a color my skin, you know and and that's sad because you have kids that are African American you have kids that are Caucasian Asian kids you know you have kids all across the world who who wear our jerseys You know kids who watch the things that we do and say you know He's the best player in the league. I want to be just like them, but when you sit there in pinpoint a guy because of a color of skin And not really pretty much on on just just performance or you know the things he's been able to do while I kind of make sure look like you know you're the bad guy You know what I look at this situation I say I don't need a personal father you know What is that gonna you know you've already said it you thought about it So you had time to think about before you said it so when you say it you know what some I'm sorry Gonna do you know It's like saying here my I'm guring in Hitler if they would have said I'm sorry I wouldn't have got the job done I think that's what he's trying to say Uh-huh if you ask me anyway It's something in 52 is gonna be the height of the it's 50 right now it's a beautiful day 158 at 5 60 WQM if you're fat it's never beautiful day. It's always a gloomy day because no matter what the weather's like outside Inside your eating your guts out because you'd not happy being fat I don't care what anybody tells you nobody is pleased being overweight out of shape sick Diabetic on the verge of it and unable to like it around have no energy. Thank you. You're palant For life Help you lose that way. That's right. They helped to beast I guarantee you that right now over fifth how many pounds he lost about 100 Seriously, he's lost a lot of weight and he's been screwing around while they even do a lot better because there's a lot of food in that black sack They'd live a right you're door every morning by 6 a.m Three gourmet meals two delicious nicely fill out the menu once a week two choices for each meal and snack and you get what you like and everything is fresh And delicious to no calorie counting no carb counting nothing this shop for because it's all right in your black sack and like I said They delivered right to you every day so let balance for life help you do it finally start seeing results on that scale Within just a matter of days and like I said because there's so much food in there It'll keep you full and happy and satisfied all day long balance for life could be the answer you've been searching for a column today 954 5 6 8 32 29 nine five four five six eight 32 29 are check them on a wicked worldwide web at balance for life.com My This is coach down cooler and I sound like Bob hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12th or one hour whatever You Mm Me Oh He always his fannde's face that he only interferes but without my much worry. Well let's watch this video. Why Oh nos trekns Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo challenge, kinda sum berry, kinda sum berry. reopen, kinda sum berry, kinda sum yere sexy, kinda sum vrijal I have except same thing interesting, kinda but a good feeling trying it out yes, super good thing happen, literally anything you could have just eaten already. Great luck with thatematics. at QAM. Who's more? How are David in 53? 14.4%. People must be like in a cocoon. Oh, I'll see there we go, Andy. What I just said? cocoon. Oh. Look at that phone man. All of a sudden like a new new one came. They just all vanished. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Hi, Alia. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Me, oh. Yes. Yes. Yes. I went to a new show. I just heard about that. That ridiculous statement that I rushed to him by me. But you know, he came on. I heard of some other one there. He did tell him to tell him to. We're about that. I mean, what a fool. There's done something like that. I just want to say hello to you. I had told you to show as much as I can when I get a chance to listen. I'm a truck driver. So I don't give you a lot because I've got a time. But every chance I get a tune into you. I enjoy show a lot. You have a good day. You too. Thanks, Prail. I enjoyed as much as I can to. Some days not so much. Well, like today, the phones are kind of like quiet, but then that's where it is because it's the Jew holidays. Oh, see there he goes again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound. And I guarantee here's my fearless, fearless prediction. Nothing is going to happen to rush. He won't be suspended. He won't be reprimanded. He won't do a goddamn thing. Okay, because that that's just trading stock anyway. Is it the stock in bail on hammer? That's his whole deal. Is line and saying outrageous ridiculous things? And the difference being, he doesn't say him from a comical standpoint. He, he means it. He says it to appeal to that hateful, that archie-bunker mentality, which he's a classic example of, will be a for entertainment. He's a direct. 5, 6, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T of horizon line. They do not call things starts today allegedly. He still got their wires crossed, those as the store and CBS news. Governor official still predicting their largest decline in telemarketing calls to millions of registered phone numbers, but... There's this legal struggle going on back and forth to and fro side by each. 29 states now have their own do not call rules, and North Carolina, Attorney General Roy Cooper says his state's new laws not affected by federal core rulings against the government list. He says, well, be enforcing our state do not call in North Carolina, based on the federal registry, and if they don't like it, they can jam it up there, lily white ass, they didn't say it. 5, 6, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T. And Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call from Tamarack, hello. In the L.A. you're doing pretty good. Listen, I count the building culpability is important in society. In a limited Greek lust is whole career and everything you had because he made down our bridges common. People thought it was our bridges, but in Rush Limbaugh he won't stop for any consequences because of who he is and where he is in the upper echelon of the Republican Party. Right. So what do we do? I mean, as a society, what do we do to correct these... You know, horrific disaster? I think the Republican... The most investing in the public can do if they're pissed off about it is to watch some other pregame shows as Zillion other pregame shows on Sundays. He's not on the game telecast. He's on a yes-being pregame, which is on a cable. And if people turn it off and watch you're one of the 50,000 other pregame or just not watch any of them, then those numbers are going to go down. That's what they can do. That's a beautiful thing. So people should do that. And we should also, like, you know, we've got the Arnold Schwarzenegger running for governor of California. I mean, if that's not the biggest, you know, I don't even have a term to describe what it is. Yeah, it's beyond belief. It's beyond a human comprehension that there could be anybody that's stupid. I mean, I thought in a beginning is kind of like a joke-fold. He'd be maybe five or seven or eight percent. But the fact that he's got 40 percent in the latest polls and he's beating boosted money by like a landslide, this has to tell you how many morons are about on a loose now. And you would think California would have economic repercussions. I mean, it's like the fourth biggest economy in the world. Why would they be voting for more on like this? Because there's a lot of morons live there, I guess. Okay, scary stuff, they'll scary stuff. Good luck to you, pal. You too, buddy. See you Niagara Falls. 560, 560. They got nice casino there Niagara Falls. I should point out. Yeah? Yeah. Meet everybody right there at the border right between Niagara Falls, New York, Niagara Falls, Ontario. Come across. Wave your over. We'll pass you over. 560, 560. What about that? Damn Rush Limbaugh, huh? Nothing going to happen. Don't even steal a madland bottle. I said, you know, we're lucky upon it's not human beings because we're getting paid. You know, that much money. You know, it's something which I'm still looking for answers for. I mean, if it's ratings, if the ratings go up. No comment. Can you can you imagine anybody saying, in the context of the NBA and all the great players Michael Jordan and all of you a big, all of you have big superstars to black superz. Can you imagine somebody coming on the earth saying, well, uh, the reason they're trying to make this guy look good is because they what the media is really helping on making a white center look like a superstarney NBA. Yeah. Can you imagine anybody ever saying that? No. No. No. First night. It wouldn't even get home that night. But Rush Limbaugh, man, and the right wing, they can do what say whatever it is they want because they, uh, they got the contacts. They got the good connections. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. On the moon thing, uh, I don't like him, but I like listening to him. And I can't stand Ferrell. Ferrell should not find a house down. If he's just like you from Orlando or, think Peter's Burger somewhere over there somewhere. And, uh, my dad don't like Mo. I'd rather listen to him, he can go for me than that Ferrell fella. Ferrell. Okay. I'll tell Ferrell your sense. Thank you. 560, lots of open lines here boys and girls. It's really desperate man. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Why are we looking at this the show on this picture of Rush on that NFL Contanias start up all the cut just foaming and it look like a hundred Kimler in heat. Yeah. Founding the. Did you see it? Sure. Tounding the podium. What the. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, you know, this is just a last thing they needed. And, as football so many of you, they've decided that they have to release Bruce and up and go set up. They couldn't find another Howard Co. sell. Goose step it up. So they found this a Goose step or to go step it up. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. Hi. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. You think I would get a football team in Toronto and NFL? No. I come. Because football ain't big here. The R goes that don't draw flies. They're always on a verge of going out of business. They talk about that, but football's just not big here. It's coming at the first to fry. But, but, but the basketball's going really well. Finally, well, the team sucks, but they do, they draw well. They sell out. Okay. All right, thanks, Robert. Okay. The answer is no. No, we never have a, I might want to see never, but not anytime, that your future won't have an NFL team in Toronto. We got the hockey two big, two big, even though they're going to suck this year. And you got to La Crosse, sold out to the, you're Canada center, which is, I'm using, but true and a rapper's didn't the draw very well like he said, even other teams sucks this year. But, what can I tell you? You can't, uh, be all things to all people. Isn't that what somebody wants to, didn't, uh, George T. Farmers, don't want to say that. Something like that. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT and T line. Don't forget the official Marlins watch party is 330 this afternoon at Shula Stake 2 in Miami Lakes. Really the Marlowe be there. Marlon Mermaids interactive pitching games. But we nice know if Mad Dog's going to be to a show again since it's like a past new not already. You would have think that one of our hot shot, uh, middle or upper level, uh, management people would have made a decision on that. Maybe Mad Dog, what? Just like yesterday, the managed production crew will show up for work like they do. And now the no let us know. Mad Men is on involved in these, this is making a little, little, little management doesn't tell us. I see. So like I said, we'll let you know where the Mad Dog's going to be between 2 and 330 and we got the watch party. And then we got game 2, 406 this afternoon, pre-game of 330. If you're underpaid and are under-appreciated, if your job is basically a pain in the ass and you're not getting anywhere on it, if you're like walking on the treadmill, your feet are moving, but your life is staying in place. Then fast-rankably the answer you've been searching for. Call them today, you have nothing lose, but a really crappy, mean you'll job. One, 866 fast-ranking, they can have you trained in certified before years in. And a nifty, big pain, computer a job. That's right. There's no better time than right now to obtain a new hot-pank career because computer professionals are still in great demand. Fast-trained offers job placement assistance, convenient to eating weekends, schedules, four south-load of locations there's Vandv1 nearby you. Fast-trained offers financial assistance for people who qualify too. So what it got to lose be side are really depressing, crappy job and a miniscule paycheck, call fast-trained and change your life forever. Call 1, 866 fast-trained, check them out on the web at fast-trained.com and then take Todd Drek's advice, call toll-free, 1, 866 fast-trained. Time to go first! i'm gonna party. thanks for walking down my high-end and i'm looking for an inch high- guidance10no. Been fundamentally<|la|>, pretty<|nn|>, abuse every year and still, nothing got me any pain you didn't accept. Find yourself another troll Been sent by to the bunch And she will open us A spring night and a day And she drove away Because they wouldn't have a wedding day Deep red dust light to Vegas And all the sweat clumps Girls with women, his pants They were given men on land And she was hotter than the freaking cubs They said bye to the bunch And she will open us Reck them The screaming and the yelling as he drove away Because they wouldn't have a wedding day From the time they met in Jersey They still don't have a red post Well, I understand that she lives a couple And she really looked at all this wasn't big down there But I have to go use that stuff, call Been sent by to the bunch And she will open us Bye bye bye The screaming and the yelling as he drove away Because they wouldn't have a wedding day From 18 at 560 WQM42 votes on there Not too shabby Should nearly accept how our dividends Overtures of peace and love Absolutely not We hate more 132 Nearly 33% A third Only of Mowpains's boss bought 73 Only of Neil has no self respect 72 Yes, we need harmony at WQM6616.4 Who's more how our dividend 5914.5 So anyway, somebody mentioned us before Ed Gray who's a sports writer for the Boston Herald Out and Proud I'm going to read it. Do I have your permission to read it? Please, could you? Or? He says, I didn't strike out. I wasn't thrown out in above all. I wasn't forced out I'm out because I no longer in good conscience Truth would ignore the unabashed homophobia That is so carefully tolerated within the world of sports I'm out because the silence of a closet The gay man only serves to give his implicit approval The bigotry. I'm out because I refuse to continue hiding from the truth That an openly gay man has as much right as a straight man To play sports or report on them Frankly, I'm out because I can't come up with a single logical reason Why I should have denied myself the right to live and work is openly And freely is everybody else Nor should anyone find a reason why I openly gay athletes Who beat an unabashed right to play a team sport Without fear of becoming a target of prejudice or physical harm In the cases of both a gay athlete and a gay sports writer Homophobic athletes always come up with the same Sorry excuse to justify the perpetuation of prejudice On the basis of sexual orientation, the locker room What exactly does a straight athlete have to fear from a gay teammate or sports writer Any man's security should not have a care in the world When a gay man is present in the locker room He's only there to earn a living not to infiltrate a locker room A covert operation to convert straight athletes There are infinitely more friendly and healthy environments In which a self-respecting gay man would prefer to explore his sexuality Than a locker room full of straight guys From the viewpoint of a sports writer gay or straight The professional locker room is a relatively hostile environment Where too many athletes have their elephant us against mentality toward the media Reporters usually working on deadline Or only too glad the vacate the premises as soon as they're able to Extract enough quotes throughout their stories Should a gay athlete be brave enough to come out during his career He's been considerably more time than a sports writer in a locker room Likely causing some teammates to feel uncomfortable Being along a vast majority of straight teammates Even a homophobic player would have to eventually realize that he's not so vulnerable That he should be intimidated by the presence of a single gay teammate No active player in major professional sports team has ever come out But former NFL players as Sarah Tualo who'd have a sad Tualo and Dave Copay and former Major League baseball players Billy Bean and Lake Glen Burke Surely aren't the only closet gay athletes to share locker rooms with their straight teammates It wouldn't be surprising at all if their gay athletes on a great many professional teams Tolerated under a duplicitous don't ask don't tell understanding Somehow a gay teammate is only regarded as a threat if he's honest and a stand-up guy Qualities that are usually valued in team sports In an effort to justify homophobia somewhat claim that it openly gay player would become a distraction That would undermine his team A media friends he surely would be created by a player coming out of the closet But how long would a gay player be such a distraction if all his teammates rallied around him for the whole world of witness Professional athletes are role models and administration of team solidarity with send the profound message We support our team aid and you should too Obviously the climate is not ideal for a gay athlete to come out when San Francisco 49 is running backers and herst can say I don't want any faggots on my team and New York Giants tied ends here me shocking can call Dallas Cowboys coach Bill Parcells A homo without any fear of being suspended or found by his team or the NFL The gay community is the one minority that's still very much fair game for over displays of prejudice in the world of sports While inroads toward achieving a quality are slowly being made in the real world a gay man is still expected to bear the burden of shame In the sports world he's got rights or whatever really picture Tajones was quoted in dead for newspaper last spring before being treated in the red socks But he shouldn't walk around proud I'm out and I'm exercising my right to walk around prouds is a great I do like that a great in a box that Harold I wonder since he covers the sports that a hero does he get to see Tom Brady naked in the locker room Hey, is a perk Oh, how you spawning it? 5 6 7 0 5 6 He pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line and a beautiful on Tuesdays. What I hear a lovely perk On air said Bob no back not see set of a bitch. They just hit on her for a second later today. Jody Bob no They're gonna be a guest on my five o'clock show. No, we can't wait. Well, it's great again And then hungry. Give me a warm hearing. Gonna be on a for company. Lead life to that. T and crumpets low the trumpet. It's staff at a crumpets What are crumpets anyway? Do we have any idea? Oh, they're they look like this. Oh, about this Size or similar to curge in way or spotted dick. Here's Miami runners deus. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I'm that the telemarking list. Okay, that the things right today. There are 11 executives that work with those telemarkening companies that are on that list. They themselves don't want to be called. Yeah, are you aware of that? No, I was not aware of that, but I am now. Yeah, is it funny? I'm so they put themselves on the list. Who the hell? Who the hell? They're right. My woodbottom be bothered getting 51015 calls a day for mass holes. Who the hell wants that? Yeah, I mean, I get paid to pay calls for mass holes, but that's it even though. All right, buddy. Take care. Thanks for the good news. I'm here great there. All right, let's make it tomorrow's pot bigger. It's an end of the thing it's Wednesday. We got that one to two hour coming in. See these people are like, I don't know, they're little off their feet this way. It's the jewel holidays again. You know, is that what it is? It's got to be. I told you that this morning before the show I forgot in about that. I thought there's a fact to say is it just possible let the PR machine that helped install G W to White House as used up Rush Limbaugh on his outgrown his purpose. Considering that possibility, the machine may just be allowing him to suffer strikes so they can be rid of. No, I don't think so. Beyond the doubt if the Bush cabal wants a second term, they'll have to use a snow job on the American voting public. The closer it comes to reelection time, I can just imagine a kind or a gentler G W to the second time around and the chronic public just might fall for it. Limbaugh's sole purpose was to muck rates that not of office. What purpose does he serve now? He has yesterday's meat loaf and ready for the trash. Oh, that's an insult to meat loaf. Maybe the garbage shoot was just greased. Oh, yeah. We can only try by sliding his fan asked down there. Here's another fact. I wonder if this is going to be accurate or not. It says, making tomorrow's pot bigger in George wants it right now. In fact, he and Scott are going to sit around and pick out the seeds during the one to two hour. For Thursday's van hit from noon till two, which Joe Costello had reviyama, 3671 Northeastern Highland Pablo Beach, with our vest of Neil merchandise including those vonded. Mohawk or David of Keychains and our CDs, etc. Endorse by Mohawk or David of Keychains. Yeah, that's right. Most have been playing a thanks mo. Thanks a lot. Even though the audience is hostile toward you. I mean, incredibly. Here's the deal. I have five pair of tickets to see Alice Cooper and consider the Pompatobie's amphitheater and Olae pair of tickets to the Panther Lightning game at the ODC, Othe Office Depot Center at the Intacenter on Saturday to fourth. Well, that's the next division game. So, I mean, that's nice, but it's an exhibition hockey, but they're free. So, at least they're trying Miguel is trying, he's trying to throw a little more crap in there. I mean, good stuff to give people out there tomorrow's swing and raise some bucks. It's been really tough. It's a tough year to raise money and I get all frost rate and flush to be know something it's good. It's good that I do that because that like embarrasses people and it works. They said a little bit tougher, but it works in the end. That's what Moha said. All it works. That's a loop in the end. Here's a call from Lake Worth, hello. Good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir. All right, and I'll roll in the background. I hope it's not too much in the air. There are some couple comments from earlier that the Rush Limbaugh factors is just hilarious. And of course, you know, nothing will be done. Because afterwards, there'll be, oh, we must stuff what he says. It's all of our balls we made in the sink on that. At the other one, the guy's saying, why don't we do about this next time we're all going to do this. I think we could have done about the last six years. Oh, get off your dead rear. Cook them right. People next year go to the hotel. I'm going to vote 40 times. I'm going to make damn sure next year election time I'll be down here. And I'm going to be voting all day long. And I think the Arnold Schwarzenegger thing is no different than the supposed, Paul showing the president's popularity. I think we will in the bet you just as though the popular vote went nowhere near half the people. Anywhere in this country could care less for him. I've seen it in ages. I have it in my head right now. As many as a million ballots could go uncount on election day next Tuesday throwing in the doubt for days or weeks. The outcome of the recall election. Because an unprecedented number of absentee ballots have a request to 2.7 million, but fewer than half of them. We turned by voters thus far. Leaving a huge number of ballots likely to be handed in the pouring place. or rather mail local relations. So you can see that you are all we're going to do just like they didn't Florida. And you can have all these Ziggins of votes out there and and who the hell knows who's counting what and what how long you're going to be counting. You know when you're up and you'll just show up within five days after the election in depending on which box they need them in. That's what they'll know up. Exactly how work and there'll be a bunch of bushings there'll be a bunch of bushings that the elections had quarters pounding out the door. I'm a bit nervous. I'm a bit nervous. I'm a bit nervous. We're doing a tiny reds of excuse me. Hang on. Let me call town plays. The office to our next move. Yeah. Where do we go next? Exactly. Okay. We'll be there too. And sir. And all right. Thank you. Let's say rush by a yard arm from the 12 quarters of right. Sounds good. Take care. Right in front of the barber shop. Right in front of the Greece pool. The interesting thing about those and more disturbing although nobody gives a crap no more is that all of those people are outside the door. They're in the Dave County pounding out the door. They were all imported from out of state. They were like professional oschmen distribbers. 12 28 at 5.60 Q AM. Five double. A C C's is 5.60 The reason your VII Q AM Predator's She Gordon The World R custard. They don't come any worse. Even Neo Rogers. Hunter No that. Jesus. No, I was just Supra? Who was that! You're all hurt, I'm in there, so we hear, yeah Your tears won't even let be a big change You're gonna feel the burn you'll feel the pain, yeah, yeah The lofty place you pass into Want to pump you up like a balloon, yeah, yeah The fillet you're loaded in a few cuts You won't feel the mystery, the universe Even kids will get them trained in The bunch got to the melody waiting to tell me Got a phone call, a piece of art We've checked with the heavy bars I won't feel ready for our cover Let's watch their throughout here From pretty crazy police station at the NFL Maybe that's just what we need They've already got you know, basically what it boils down to is that almost all of the black athletes Those who are even interested in politics are like Democrats and the white athletes That's just in football that is fortunately our right wing Republicans Not just your regular ordinary, but like for it again like Steve Larson and Jim Bunning and that ilk And vinegar bend myself people like that Ever vinegar bend myself? No, first not, wait before your time But it's a sports thing man because you got to be a right wing You got to be macho, you got to go to those Christian prayer breakfast You got to be full of crap basically Because they're all like you know involved in not all But most of my involved in all these orgies, you know these gang bangs They're like voos and they're like a big time stuff like that I'm like, by the way did Brian greasy ever get up Huh? Because I'm just wondering if I'm going to get up already Okay, there's been a lot of money. Let's give it a shot after a good going to be a tough game for a jay this weekend Isn't it interesting that the marlins are playing the giants and the dolphins are playing the giants? Almost at the same time, almost side by each That'll say that in Canada Here's an interesting story of her depressing Actually, it's a letter to the editor in the spokesman review, which is a spoke in the newspaper How was my first job? What delivering the spokesman review? Here you go. I want words. If you weigh long enough sooner later comes in handy Randy and Pam force you, would you shut up a minute Randy and Pam force you of spoke in right? Soldier must pay for his trip home We are usually quite individuals expressing little about world events and politics, etc However, we have to stand up and say something now Our son-in-law is in the army serving our country for several months in Iraq He was recently authorized to return home for two weeks, we're grateful for this news However, there's one catch he has to pay for the journey How can the government expect him to pay his own airfare? It seems unfair the government won't put the bill to send troops home after they risk their lives for our country They've had to leave their family struggling emotionally and some financially Then when they do have the opportunity to come on briefly, they're expected to pay their own way This is an atrocity And too often there's no way some of these families can afford the airfare Our country is spending a force on behalf of another country But our fighting forces should be the main priority, including traveling home for a reprieve We truly believe our armed forces should be rewarded with a paid visit to their loved ones Don't you? Say Randy and Pam force you have spoke in Washington It is morning spokesman review Is that pathetic or what? God! But to see there is no outrage in America There's no idea it's just like the thing with the limbo It's any of the stuff, there's not outrage People don't give a crap any mole And that's why there are America's initiatives that it's in right now 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, there's one call on the board Like I said, there's no interest, here's Hollywood, hello Hollywood I don't think there's even air Hello Hollywood, yes sir How are you? Okay I'll get a question for you Get back to the... Great, great, that's the gentleman's name Okay If you have a male coach or female coach and a male coach A team with the opposite gender They have to wait until the team is dressed Or undressed before they can go into the locker room I don't know I know that they do have female sports writers in men's locker rooms We saw that a long time ago That debate has been over for years My question was, should we be the same way for a gay writer Or a gay member of the media to have to wait until the same section Did you hear what I just got to you saying? Or you're like so determined to make your homophobic point You have your blinders and your plugs in Yes Okay Sir You should have made a difference No, it's not Okay That's all I wanted to know Do you think that it should? I sure should I think Why is that? Well, the sliggated from a male point of view Let me ask you this question When you were in a high school for example Because I know when I was in a high school We used to have to take showers together in gym class Okay Did they ask anybody? Is there any homosexual in here? There are any pancies in here? Did they ask anybody that question? There were all these guys who were under a brown show Nobody was ever having any sex that I know of But they were running around the show See, after you see one, so you've seen them all Okay Did there's this button there? Oh my god, there's a phag in there He's going to get all whipped up and excited Maybe start grabbing it I don't think I'd grab it You might No, I would not Because self preservation is very foremost in my mind Because he did not like my lights on about two seconds I mean, what did idiotic comment? You know, this is America for you again Don't you think he could clearly ignore what I just said about the women in men's locker room? Don't get in his way Right, don't try to mess on his point Because he's already got in his mind That this egg-ray Keep him out of the locker room Because he's head of a sexual's new They don't want to all faggs See them naked Oh my god Whew Especially all those beautiful football players 99% of whom nobody's interested in touching anyway Especially the big Proker alignment Maybe maybe Tom Brady could put him off like a cubby hole Or up to the side Don't want to say Give him his own shower facility What an asshole 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Here's the call from Davy hello Yes sir Oh, there's a story last week in the regular news I think it was on CBS news that similar to the one you just read When the troops got wounded in a rock they bring a motor tube Bethesda And they were charging in for their meals Right, yes, we had that surround our website right Yeah, also I find it very strange that just now your collars are starting to get in Realized that Rushlam was a fraud Yeah, I mean, well, how do you know just now that they're starting to realize that Well, they're because obviously he's on right now he's radio shows that a People are talking to me now are people are choosing this program over his fraudulent bulletcraft So I think they've been underwood for a long time Yeah, but you know what though the right wingers they're not playing fair They it's all politics anyway I mean, you know What do you want to say mean they're not playing fair every time the Clintons had a bad bow movement They had the dependent council and now when you really need an independent council The Senate yesterday wouldn't even take it up on the court But what are that kind of an oxy moronic idea right wingers playing fair? I mean, when once the last time you heard of that Right, I think that's a truth which is right what the see this is I was just thinking during the last break here Here's Maria Schriver who's a member of this Kennedy family and her mother by the way And oh yes, we're all for Ireland. He's going to make a great governor of California all the other crap and in the meantime Even setting aside the fact that he's a moron and he's a literate the fact that this is part of a Republican power play And it was financed by a right wing Republican manipulator And that's what this is all about to subvert the will of the likes of it again. Don't confuse the Kennedy family with a fangsug. I guess it's pathetic Yes, yeah, sadly it's so trying to find anybody in America who stands on principal anymore is not easy Yeah, but you know the people out there they don't wake up. We're going to get another four years at this clown in the White House And they think it really does scare me to see what he's going to do because if we went down this fast in less than three years What will we do with him having five more years On the Kennedy man progress being made here every day No, but I'm not joking. I'm serious. I'm not joking either. I would be happy to be here for completely serious. He's a very scary man. He made the world scare your place I'm so lonely correct Yeah, people need to wake up because he get out and vote and get this guy out of there because you know he's a kind of person that if somebody would say you know We're going to do this. Let me say this to you right now. The fact that there aren't millions of people pampering prison. I'm a teacher and right now, if they're starting a bogus war based on lies tells you that the people probably are not going to wake up Well, if they don't wake up, you know, we'll wake up in a morning and you'll see one of our cities destroyed You know, okay. Well, listen. Ski alarm clock and let us know what time it's going to go on Wake up George 1242 at 5.60 QAM I'm I'm Lonely, drifting through life without direction I want to talk to you about an exciting career as an Episcopal Bishop You see the flashy hand and robe are just the beginning. There's the glitz glamour plenty of TV coverage and a personally autographed 8x10 of RV Firestein with every archdiocese Commandments, manments We think of the mortars as a guest in. I mean 10 Commandments are 5. What if you can bat 300? It's fine with us. Catchings and option 2. Or if you're into this sweet science of boxing, you can always beat the bishop. Now if you're thinking, hey, I'm not a piscobal. How can I be a bishop? Don't worry. We have two bishops that are muslim. 5 A-fists and a Buddhist bishop that let your rubbish belly for good luck before you play bingo down at Saint Latoia's. Join us. The feud of Proud, the Colour Award-native Episcobal Bishops 1656-1657 to come up. We wanted to our count up briefly. And to show you how insane the certainly not news network is to show it a bunch of loomsics. Do you see what they have on now? Oh, there it is. David Limbaugh. The rest is brother. This good wedding boy in Proud. Who's written this ludicrous book called Persecution. Now see the first question we'll pass him as if this is the real reason the timing for this that they have a monitor. Well, any comments that you might have about your brother Russian is latest flat with ESPN and Donovan McNack. Well, I've been on a book tour. I'm out of the loop on that. So I really can't comment. I'm not a spokesman. My brother, sure. Yeah. And we'll see responses. Oh, of course we know that your brother can speak for himself. He's not shy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And what's this whole piece on? It's a puff piece to promote his book Persecution, which the thrust the accruxivities, the Christianity and America is being treated like a disease and the Christians are persecuted. Say, he's in the US. Right. So here's this asshole on there. Another right wing asshole is brother David Limbaugh. Why's nothing to say about the other thing? Because he's been on a book tour. He don't know not about it. He didn't know not. Just like the Nazis. They didn't know not. How do you like that? I don't. 459 votes on a Polish and he looks at how he dividends over tears of peace and love, which he's really trying very hard. We'll say that for him. That'd be fine. Absolutely not. We hate 055. 33.7% over a third. What do you ever do to them? Only if MoPains is bald spot 80. Only if Neil has no sufferings, Spat 79. So he had those three categories. You got like almost 70%. Yes, we need a harmony at QA. I'm a 77.16.7%. Say we need harmony at QA. And that was 68.14.8% say who's more Howard David? How do 459 vote? Anyway, there is hope in the future boys and girls in his name is Howard Dean. Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean Pope funded his fundraising success. Yesterday in his first appearance on a J. Leno show last night, they showed a clip. In a film clip, Dean was... Hahaha. Dean was shown playing a guitar on a street nest of signs reading. Your change for real change and will strum for presidency. People were shown placing money in an open guitar case. Kind of like you see on the damrack and I'm stood on. Posted updates on his website showed Dean and raised more than $14.2 million in a three-month period. Breaking the Democratic presidential record for a single quarter set by then president Clinton raised 10.3 million over three months in 1995. Earlier in the day, Dean campaigned in the University of LA promising jobs help care in a dialogue on race and a meeting with local leaders of Longman's Democratic presidential elections. Dean didn't call for money, but rather a sale person in Bush for what the Democrats said was the government's failure to put money into blighted urban areas. The former Vermont Governor also promoted his plans for widespread health care coverage and education funding and promised to work for creating jobs in the inner cities. He also supported affirmative action. We have a 400-year legacy of Jim Crow and slavery and that's not going to become over a big overcome because we all have good intentions. He said Dean called for a national dialogue on racial issues saying whites can be in different to the plight of minorities. Like Rush Limbaugh for example. I mean, I can't stop thinking about how stupid this is because in a wake of Jim Brown and Bobby Mitchell and Walter Peyton and Dale Sears and all the great black running backs in the history of the national football. He would be like saying, well, they wanted to make our wiki way you see a lot there. And he really is because the media's obsessed with making a black running back is okay. It's stupid. There are lots of very successful black quarterbacks. I forgot all about Michael Vick. Who just is a pure athlete maybe to best of them all just from athletic ability. But no, here comes this bag of right wing pompous crap. And what do we get on CNN? We give his brother their pocket about how Christians are persecuted in the mirror. Oh my god. Well, let's create if you ever put your damn beard and push on my screen. I just turned it off. I won't watch him. I'm watching the CBC. Oh, that whole question of whistle blowing. Yes, he's talking about blowing on CBC. That's more like it. Yeah. That's the kind of politicians we like like Bubba blowing. I came on the end of high-grow like Jerry. Right. Oh, my. He's everywhere. He hasn't has directed the White House to cooperate fully. That message was sent. Yeah, there's too much leaking courts going to White House. Okay, somebody got a bladder infection up there. Somebody's got a real serious problem. Oh, I like the guy that caught earlier. The dark complexity guy caught earlier going to show you had a good point. If they don't care about all these soldiers, we're getting killed over there in a rack for no good reason at all. Based on a bunch of lies, let me just think that they give her crap about the length of one woman who was a CIA operator. But how do they care about her? Did they care? No. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Your boy. Lady in North Miami. Hello. Gone. Did she just disappear? Lady North Miami? Just hung up. Oh, here she is. Hello. Yes, man. Good show. Yes, it is. And I agree with you. And I'm a total of four. It's two. One turn. Who's she? Who's her? The chronic island lady. H.U. H. Me. Rips calls does calls the front office. Oh, is this the crazy island lady? I don't think you're bothered. Yeah, it's the crazy island of your right. Get some help sweetheart. Here's your field. Hello. Your field. Yeah. No. This goes to you as well. I just want to make a comment about, you know, people talking about Rushwell and those Race. This comments. How about the scouts for rail this morning implied that everybody's stupid except the Jews. I think he ought to zip up the. Hey, I'm sure he was dead serious about a two-serie. I'll lighten up a little bit about five cage you jack in. See, one thing now for rail and you are truly not about his. Yeah, we're well known for being wise asses and comedians and all the sort of. Well, Rushwell and ball. One thing he is not is funny. Okay. There's nothing funny about a big fat Nazi. Ask your mom carry. He'll tell you. He's just push when you place it. You will. I've mentioned my name. The rights matter. Gary. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I hear every from our kids song. Hear every from their rock, duck, and song. Got the idea from different or move to the open rock, more salots or through the state. People shall journey. And array. You will never be truly on the. We'll serve you. I may have saved so shall array. And every from our kids song. We'll hear every from our kids song. Right out on the cornfield on the hall. I've been feeling his stuff. No, Steve Boyd. When you leave the house, he'll just enjoy white water now just delivery. And every no does anybody do. We'll serve you. We'll hear the lost of damn slippery. And every from our kids song. We'll hear the song. I'm thinking she's really. We'll hear his. I'll break his. He's the bowl all year down to it. And all this stuff. Well, stay home. You know. I'll take care of things. Take care of business. I'm a big deal man. Well. I'm. This. Here we go. In salt. Is the damn thing I ever saw. Your roots. What you live up. You feed all. Can't you never have it. Into your soul. Change your mind running. And all the way. We don't believe in your. And keep that. No, stop. We're no beating. That's the. And every block is all. Actually, you. Hey, oh, why. Get away. Get away. Get away. Get away. Uh. Uh. Prop 57. At five six. You know what's why I did? I took the break a little early there and not really sure why. I wiped the house. But again, the opportunity. I don't know if I've turned to read this column here. It's a very interesting. It's on our website today though. I guess maybe I won't read it. Where do you tag? Huh? Why not? Where your taxes go. Business advisors on a rack have ties to Bush and his family. From the New York Times by Douglas Jell. A group of businessmen linked by their close ties to President Bush's family and as a administrative setup, a consulting firm to advise companies that want to do business and Iraq, including those seeking pieces of taxpayer finance reconstruction projects. Kind of like they're reaching me to your pocket and. Extracting your cash. The firm, Newbridge strategy is headed by Joe M. Albao. We had an article about him a couple days ago. Mr. Bush's campaign manager in 2000 and the director of FEMA until March. Other directors include Edward M. Rogers, Jr. Vice Chairman and Lanny Griffith lobbyists were assistance to the first president George Bush and now have close ties to the White House. I'm just going to read a little bit of part of a little bit of peace. I. At a time on the administration seeks congressional approval for 20.3 billion dollars to rebuild the Iraq part of an $87 billion package for military and other spending in Iraq and Afghanistan. The company's website www.nubbridgestrategy.com says, The opportunities evolving in Iraq today are such an unprecedented nature in scope that no other existing firm has the necessary skills and experience to be effective both in Washington DC and on the ground in Iraq. The site calls attention to the links between the companies directors and the two Bush administrations by noting for example, that Mr. Albao, the chairman was chief of staff to then Governor Bush of Texas and was National Campaign Manager for the Bush Cheney 2000 presidential campaign. The company websites as the company was created specifically with the aim of assisting clients to evaluate and take advantage of business opportunities in the Middle East, following the conclusion of the US Let War in Iraq. Shall we now ask, again, yet please, the company websites as the company was created specifically with the aim of assisting clients to evaluate and take advantage of business opportunities in the Middle East, following the conclusion of the US Lord War in Iraq. You could read the entire story, I'll let most of it out on our website today on eorgyz.com, along with a lot of other disturbing stuff. All poor Katherine Gagan, father Gagan sister? She's not happy with the slaying investigation. She wants more information coming out about why they left poor father Gagan in their long. Would this guy have been sexually molested as a child? And they all kind of looked the other way, why he got the oft? Yeah. Well, he got off a lot of other times, he just paid a wicked price for it. Rubio Fort Lickredale, fact, says, Dear George, I can't call him, but please tell Neil and his boy, doing the quote about Tom Brady's on the cover this month, Men's Health magazine. Thanks, Rubie. As a healthy man. Hmm, hmm, we look so real healthy to me. So what I'm going to do is we're like, make sure that I don't read the like in the bathroom like anywhere near the showers. Okay. I'll let you get that guy and Hollywood all upside. And let me ask you this, is it gay? Hello, this is on. It's not a tumor. It's the one, the two hour. Music Music in, watch the TV with a finger up there, but won't write up to know why subgenital what Christians do for bombs. Be pithed through the borders, while fondly they're nuts. Whoa, I love to know why subgenital what Christians do for bombs. Most of my mistakes come to the faculty. They're failing faster, faculty, and two. Girls in the bitchy, just in case they need to do. That just about all they're allowed to do. Why does no white comes to know why subgenital? Why subgenital why subgenital why subgenital? Do they get a swollen heart, while cleaning up their gun? Whoa, I love to know why subgenital what Christians do for bombs. Do they college have the fish? I'm telling them they're truck, whoa, why subgenital why subgenital what Christians do for bombs? Do they get a swollen heart, while cleaning up their gun? They're failing faster, faculty, and two. They're failing faster, faculty, and two. They're failing faster, faculty, and two. I love to know why subgenital why subgenital. They have a subgenital why subgenital why subgenital. My dog, no more. Yeah, you are the material girl. Yeah, but I still felt like something was wrong. And what was that something? Brittany, Brittany. I mean, I was just a friendly kid. Cool. Yeah, who is it? Incredible. Really? Yes, and fun, and I don't know why people are making such a big deal about it. You really don't. I really don't. You really don't. I haven't anyone ever seen two girls kiss before? Well, I don't know if most of America has gone right ahead. Really? Yep, I'm kidding. Okay. Okay. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. It's incredible. Yeah, it's a good thing. It's a very good thing. Yeah. Yeah. Good thing. Hey, do you want a run faster? Jump higher and make the blind see again? What do you want to move like the wind? It's sort of like an eagle and raise people from that dead, huh? Yeah. Yeah. This is only one girl I don't think. I think I'll do it. Yeah. Yeah. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Just put up there on. What does this mean? What does this mean? Oh, no. That's a big deal. What? Who's the one who's looking for? Like our little, her Jesus used. Yeah. Why? Who's the button, man? Oh, no. The water won't hit me. He'll find me. Come on. Give me the bottle. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Lies in the soul. The patterned cushion jam is filled with aviocar. Carefully laid it with the seams. So every body of your foot is always walking on water. Sorry. Not responsible for anyone in jail with it turns to wine. And then come and see them. Look for the only heir Jesus. Poster. The heir Jesus. The matter of the time, the matter of the time, the man that you feel like you're going to give. They're back. Your favorite Jewish rock and roll, the spouse of man. It's Russia. Shana na with their famous. It's album. Sukhop at the synagogue. My brother, I beg you for his concern. It's been said to be the only one. I know you're my brother. Yes, Russia. Shana na has reformed. Bring you twelve. Poster cuts up. Oppenee. Brugajans. Let go. There's a good for you. This album should be in every orthodot rockers collection. Rolling stone gets it five stars of David. It's a wonderful day. It's a wonderful day. It's a wonderful day. Who wrote the book of gold. Sukhop at the synagogue. You from Russia, Shana na. Available in all records stores. We'll come twice when you get here. Oh, man, it's over this album. There he is. Well, he's an action hero, but he wants to play a brand new role now. He's a great game of set becomes. His number one goal now. And he's a leading candidate according to the new falls now. Oh my God. Our new new run run to the voter's secret game is a win. Run run to the voter's secret game. Well, he's married you again with ratty. We're real treasure. We've been down. She's got you okay. And like it's local way. He's married you to the people. Woman eyes are green. And I don't feel free. But unlike dead Kennedy, he is an excellent driver. We're free now. Just like a party. We'll run run to the voter's secret game is a win. Run to the voter's secret game is a win. Oh, John Nashbox says that's what he's gonna do. I love the rule of law. All right. Happy and old is played there. The right wing GOP always says the rule of law. Whenever they make their speech. I don't know what he's gonna do. I love the rule of law. Section one says you better. Obey what Ashbroff says. Section two says you never. You never never never never never have sex in section four. You can go out. But it's a sin to dance. In section three you procreate. But you never remove your power. Who's all Nashbox says that's what he's gonna do. I love the rule of law. What they're trying to say is they're better than you and me. They have the highest rule of law. When it meets their needs. Oh, John Nashbox says that's what he's gonna do. I love the rule of law. What will Johnny do here? I love the rule of law. What will Johnny do here? I love the rule of law. Rashigan, you hear me? I have the did of for you. Catch a thick your dearie. My happy should afford to. Oh, Rashigan. Rashigan. Rashigan. Rashigan. What will John Nashbox get to? Covered up and circulation Workers hunger Hundred Me You That's when you Free Ahon balls!! Ahvad Des what? Ahvad Des! Ahvad Des What!? Ahvad Des! Ahvad Des What? Ahvad Des what!? Ahvad Des what!? Ahvad Des what? Ahvad Des what!? Ahvad Des what!? a sense of well-being, a sense of self-worth, it comes from the inside out. It doesn't come from the outside, you know? Dr. Bill Chai's real newborn, there's no substance there at home. No! No! No! No! No! Dr. Bill, praying when he walks, he's a mister, and I'm going on, never want to see him wearing a cheese drink. That there's crazy. Dr. Bill Chai, do you all rise to that Dr. Bill Chai? Do some love your own son. Well, what makes you think that you do have the right to judge him for getting a few pills and putting you to my heart and put him in the house? What do you do? I can feel given false advice, while he screams at poor housewives, about eating more than any human show. That the fail-free's just maggots down, your freak gets hurt, his clown, tries to handle things like your friend or bro. That's crazy. I can feel staff, who would die if go away, that they'll feel staff, just leave and take your son, J. Ever see Dr. Phil and Rush at the same time? No, never. Sing, Guy. Don't forget we got the Big Marlins Watch Party this afternoon, 3-30 at Shirlestake 2, my mayonnaise. Did we figure out yet as a mad dog doing a show over there or not? Yes. But I tell you, I know it. I could count on a mad dog. I'll be doing a show 2-3-30 at Shirlestake 2, and then starting at 3-30 it's the Big Marlins Watch Party. Pre-game shows starts at 3-30, game at 406 out in Frisco. Billy the Marlins will be there, the Marlins Mermaid will be there, and interactive pitching and pitching games will be going on, and of course for the mad dog 2. That's how many years again, with the Macro Showrooms and the furniture stores run a big, big, fancy, fancy phony ads. Don't have a Macro Swansie to stop and think about it. If you double the price, then offer the public half-off. What kind of a sale is that? It's a joke, it's a scam. The fact is that all these stores have to run a special sale to make their prices look nearly as low as bottom actresses every day low prices 365 days a year. For discount prices on dozens of top models from Seely, Surtars, tempered, pittics, Simmons King Coral, or Stewards and Foster, you need to call, is that the bananas foster? Yes. Why love that? Call 1-800-MATT-RES, no nonsense, no bait and switch, no house brands, no false promises, and best of all, you don't have to pay a premium for the best service going any place. You'll get service like you dream about from the delivery team, right to best in the world in customer satisfaction. When you called down a mattress, toll-free like I always do, 1-800-MATT-RES, you pick the day in time for delivery when it's convenient for your ass, when your ass is going to be home. With an A2R-R-Wendow 7 days a week from 8 in the morning, Phil 10 and night, and like to be clean and noon and 2, 1-3, 2-15 and 4-15, etc. And you'll be sleeping like a baby, the very first night. I've been sleeping on a mattress from these folks for years, George is as well, Miguel is screwing his brains out on it. You ought to be doing the same. With low prices, same day delivery free setup and removal, it's easy to see, like dollar mattresses, ranked the best in the universe in customer satisfaction. Don't get sucked in, don't be fooled by those mattressure on those 40 sales and ads. They aren't even close, and out in the same leak with dollar mattress. Call them today, and there will be no time at all, knock them on your dough. 1-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. 5-800-MATT-RES, or check them online at MacRis.com. Alright, let's see for my judges, Ahmed Zeppa. What do you think of him, Numbad? I loved him! He was great! Five stars! Oh, me? He's everybody! Five stars! Let's stop! My homeboy, the one the only pin! Stein! His brand of comedy is infectious. Three stars! All righty, dude. Finally, our last star, search judge, the lovely, and talented, they will be joined. What do you think of him, Numbad? Numbad? What up, girl? Oh, no! She's breathing! I'm going to give him a mouth of mouth. Come on, baby, breathe. Maybe that wasn't such a good idea. Oh, damn! Why are I going to do that? We got to take it quick, quick! I'm going to be right back. Yeah, sure! Good morning. Sorry, search. What? Maybe not. Now from Ringo Records, Sing his baby sing Simon and Garthalgo. I have fallen to rip out your hair! Where you are, dear? I'm trying to rip him off! Sing his baby sing Simon and Garthalgo. Oh, no! Try to play! She crashed into the hole in your head! It's safe in the spaving. Sing Simon and Garthalgo in stores now from Ringo. Move from Ringo Records! Sing his baby sing Billy Joel! Go ahead, please. I don't want to hear me hear. What's the oil in the change? I don't want to have a good set of off in the rain. You boy! Sing his baby sing Billy Joel! I just have to hold on for my dad! Sing his baby sing Billy Joel! Let's source now from Ringo! I went through the so-so charity. I wasn't bad at five of the priest. He said, ''Come with me, I'm friends to see back in the... ...for Red Dury.'' Welcome! When we got to the sausage party, there were some other priests in the buff. Then he dropped his pants and said, ''Be a good lad! Your base I want is tough. And I realized now. I didn't do very well. You see, cuz the priest couldn't get all so it had to be some sense. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Then the priest had the sausage party. Said, ''Have faiths untried again. As he took my hand and he said that me, felt his tried to understand. He said, ''There's something I must remind you before you give it another chance. The holy man who wrote the Bible, words, where did it pass? Now I'm alright now. I can do that very well. It's good that I can please send it one and I won't go to hell. Before Zach got the job, screech from save by the bell had his own dryout on NYPD Blue. So, I'm Andy. Hi! My name is Justin Diamond, but you can call me screech. That was my name on save by the bell. I don't like the sound of that. Oh, don't worry about it, but the 11 season I was Mr. Bellings assistant principal. I'll make a great job. I don't think so, ask space. Hey, Zach used to call me screech your room and AJ called me the screechinator. I don't think I like assays. Open your mouth again and you're going to get big slap. Mr. Bellings used to protect me from bitch slappers. What are you doing if I call him down here? So I'm going to kick his ass. What if I call AJ? I'm going to kick his ass. Yeah, we just need buns. And your dreams pal. You sound very disturbed. Right back at you, douchebag. Hey, I'm not a disturbed person. I just played one on TV for 15 years. Shut your mouth, they're all cringy job. Oh, my friend. Oh, my friend. Hey, you is such an... An impression. Oh, not for the weapons of the structure everyday. Hey, hey. We're gonna be touching. Who's a loser, Jack? I'm a serious person. Such a moron. You can't hear the way. But I don't think we'll never find it. No. They're living there in the place. Don't fight. Hey, hey, hey. You know, from the house you have spent under the roof. You've got a day for spend of all those wives. How is the... If you still need convincing to be my co-series. Oh, she and it. Oh, the good knows who lying from. Oh, my brother. But we've got to touch you. Who knows, touch you. He took care of the truth of all the new TV. Oh, where, hey, hey. But you know, they take on a family. No. They never have been, baby. All right. Where the hell? Look at cheese that won't stay on. There is no... Sheik Fuffer and a dude got so... But there's a place... Where all the guys can hide it. I can make guys grow. And right behind there's the... I can make you grow. With my father and booty. And that's where there's the blows. Because of such a cute, wonderful, sting-double core. Be it such a better, honey. Have you made it grow? Be it my father and booty. That's where there's the blow. Because of such a cute, one of the things I work for. But be it such a better, we're being such a better. One, twenty, four, five, six, eight, eight, eight. Oh, we forgot all of us today. What's that? What day is this? It's Wednesday, October 1, right? Yeah. Smallville. Right. Very good. I didn't forget. It is clocked tonight on the WDW, where you forgot to say nothing about it. And the season premiere of Angel with Spike. Oh. What time is that on? Before I after smallville. And what about Dawson's Creek? Who cares? Let me say it again, because I don't know what's his name, Jim's Vander Geek. Because I don't like that show, but boy, that movie rules of attraction. That is good movie. Outstanding. It is really funny. It's a hoot. Something for everyone. Ray. 524 votes on a poll today. You should deal except more Howard David's overtures of peace and blood. And even the third. 30, pointy percent. Eightmongers. Only if Neil has no self respect 91, 17.3%. Only if Mo Pince's bald spot 90. We can get the show in Williamson. Yes, we need the harmony. We need the harmony of WM 8616.7%. The peacemakers. Blessed are the peacemakers. Isn't that what he like? Well, I said something before he ate the canoli. And who's more Howard David? 80 said that 15.2% your line. I'm not lying. What I tell you that guys are walking around with a big bald spot. Look a lot older than me. Otherwise, might. And a guy's with pasty look and ways look ridiculous. I mean, like idiots. Everybody in the world is laughing at him. Like Sam Donaldson, like Dennis Cassinage. He says a lot of good things, but he's got that awful dead thing on his head. Just like Mo. Well, Charles out here. He can help you look better when younger without any of those things, without any dangerous pills too, without any holes in your head. In fact, you have to have a hole in your head to go to the other guys, because Charlie's got the best natural airline available anywhere in a world of the very affordable price. He's been doing it for guys for over 25 years and the airport too. And everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you not get laid, let at least 10, 15, 30 times a week. Charlie gave you a full refund. No questions. Acts. Call today. Be sure to mention my name because if you have the balls do that, Charlie gave you a $200 discount off the regular price. And Charlie also services and repairs all types of her systems while you wait. And usually makes him look one hell of a lot better too for just 25 to 30 bucks. So if you're sick and tired of walking around like human reflux, if you got that ugly shiny ball spun, look maybe 5, 10, 15 years older than you really are. Here's the way to look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again. The Charles Alfie or a natural hairline system. Call them toll free. They give you free consultation and they'll just show you how much better they can make you look. 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413. Online, it's Charles Alfie or a dot com. My life and love all this is for 30-5-60. You wait a million. 3-Bam Bird, this boat and gas are. 1-4-W-Q-A-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-4-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. 1-2-3-M. Be really great in it. shadyity shows on how unique it is when you act like you exactly know how that sounds your next name is a lot of our community audience so if you German you can I'm going to have a roll. That's what I like about poker. Oh! Spin the hands around the home for us, be it. Spend the day when you lose faith, you shall take these delicacies. And I put it on a cloud, bow down. Please execute our added votes. And on behalf of W's and the WiiFline treasure, and be new to us what I like about poker. OOG boats at early watches, white shoes make us so much much. If you're free, let's you touch us, and that's what I like about poker. We really don't care what you think. You see how a dude who doesn't stink. There's no coffee. Only my God. And I put it like about poker. My God. It's a surprise. Happy to be here. Listen to that one. All right. Come out. Boook. Come back to the 2 at 5. 60. WQ and we got the maddo at coming over to. From Shola State to all of festivities before Marlins game 2 against the giants in Frisco this afternoon. Pre-game at 3.30 game time 406. Don't forget tomorrow. We got that big van hit. But all our best of merchandise from noon till about 12 o'clock. That's right. Better be there. Or like real quick. Here they come. And there they go. Hey listen. If your carpet looks like they're on a way out. Here's the answer for you. My good friends and drag concepts. To make a long story very, very short. They're the best in the world. Nobody anywhere in the universe. Dry cleans your carpets. It's an exclusive pandemic. And believe you may it works. Which is lab you can in my house for over 20 years. You ought to be doing the same. Don't even think about call anybody else. Right concepts. And now has a special offer for you too. To give you a chance to save 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Just call them at toll free 1-800-248-5071. Ask to be put under stand by list. And then drive concepts will call you the next time they have an opening in their schedule. Just like the same idea as when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening. And they'll still not 15% off the regular price. And please keep in mind. These aren't con artist scam artists. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront. Before they even start doing a job on your carpeting your draper your poultry. Your furniture all these things. So called drag concepts today. Asked me put under stand by list. They might even have hope. And they'll still give you 15% off the price of that job. Call them toll free. They'll never let you down. 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Or check them out on the web at dryconcets.com. My life and love all this is 4-2056. You wait and wait. This is lifted up my skirt. He said I don't even know what I'm gonna do. He thinks he's gonna hang it down. I can't help him like a cow. He's just drooling to drool. I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kinda sad. I got my smile from all of my chicken for my fat. I've got a body like a driving rain and a mat. When it's cold outside, use my lips to hang your hat. I can know when your ear gives you a lap dance. But you won't notice me to like get some implants. I knew the guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and find his tissues. Got him too. This am crazy. I'm not lonely to a pity. I've got a nice ass and for like a kissy. But I can't get a man because I got no titties. I got no titties. There's one drug draw. It's something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board. When I turn eleven, I started to get used. Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boots. You're saying cute. This am fricking. I'm not one who needs your pity. I've got a nice ass and for like a kissy. But I can't get a man because I got no titties. I got no titties. I got no titties. I've got no titties. No titties. It's a little girl. I'm so proud. When I got, I'm so proud but I got. It needs me to brag about you. Don't put me down. I must tell you what my heart is. That's the talent's ground. It has a hole in the trunk. And it's at dark. And you can see the road through the hole in the floor. It's my little round through. I'm so proud that I got. I'm so proud but I got. It's a lady too could hold them. One hit late. I started making it to use my grind. I said things straight down. No, it's not hard to fix. I stopped taking belly wire. I said, it's my little round through. I'm so proud so that I got. I'm so proud but I got. I got for the whole town to drive a car before. But behind me the keys when I got too short. I didn't get any enough to make you really fit. There's one more thing. I got no blanks. I thought we'd run through a rainy day. But the tape has to win those things. The work will vary. The part we don't start to change. When I try to steal. And I can't get into the house taking care of. It's my little round through. I'm so proud so that I got. I'm so proud but I got. It's my little round through. Oh, I'm so proud so that I got. I got. It's my little round through. It's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. I'm so proud so that I got. And I still got the young lady. I'm so proud so that I got. I'm so proud so that I got. Even in a wickety one down. I got a licking kitchen. It's a steel cash bag. Now I can't think of no one who could see me. Me neither. I'll leave it from Ilya. She calls and she stole. She's a real bond. She's a terrible hell. There'll be full of all. She's a little old lady from Ilya. It's a little old lady from Ilya. I'll leave it from Ilya. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She's a little old lady from Ilya. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She stole. She's aacamy man now. She will not waste your motivation. Don't be far behind Down south You've got to pack and sack There's a town You've got to call Tamarack We live on a cold Is that an convention about the going next door? We don't sound You've got to pack and sack There's a town You've got to call Tamarack We've got to pack and sack There's a town You've got to call Tamarack We've got to call Tamarack There's a town You've got to call Tamarack There to my amicats with a hot movie There are the streets fighting crime They pass That's a hand-to-hand face there You're a young man You're a young man You're a hell-and-dale face We've got a problem The grey game is a school of tricks We've sent it in at the group A senior citizens who went around trying to get the early birds Special after seven Let's go get them Come on There's a job at night Clean up the streets They're lighting, you can't cross Here you'll have to cross in the light There, there's a term at the clean up the school you can't miss All right, sister, you're under arrest Oh, so now you're arresting my wife What's the charge? There's an abounder Open up her tub Let's hit her wife's tub Yeah, just a thought She got over under bags in here Over! Sweet and low That restaurant just came out of Let's take a nap Yeah There's a camera In my every house On a hot movie In a delinear vase You're being disloyal On an MVZ 151-560WQ We've got 559 votes on there And I guess Mo is kind of a slow study You know what I mean? Yeah If we're to a quick study, he's just kind of a slow study Well, it's just taking a year and a half And I don't think the public's ready yet for his apologies Are they? No! Maybe another half year Maybe you who knows Maybe about time to get to be about 65 next year Hey listen, it's a big one It's the 2003 New Rogers blowout sale going on right now And you know exactly where it's taking place Hallowed Potty Act GMC If the lowest prices in the universe from Tom Lillman You're pretty all over the folks over there And here's the New Rogers specials waiting for you right now New LDL number one Save up to $7,000 With a highest rebate to the air Plus deep deep discounts in all remaining 2003 models including the Yukon An on-boy XL The LDL number two gets your percent financing From the five long excruciating years And you can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT For only $250,000 bucks About for 36 months With $12,000 miles here And 20,000 bucks is out of pocket is all you pay Tom and Joe, much of a test drive any vehicle And a lot of get you two tickets to tomorrow's October 2nd hurricane West Virginia game Obviously, you better get your rest in there today Hallowed Potty Act also got a great selection To 5 pre-owned cars, truck's SUVs And if you have a credit problem If you want to use to hang out with Jeff The Force like at Highlight No problem they'll still work with you They'll get you a deal I get you a new vehicle At Hallowed Potty Act It's the 2003 blowout sale happening right now And the places Hallowed Potty Act GMC 134-01 South Dixie Highway That's US 1 across from the falls Open every single day, 7 days week If you want to win for one of these unbeatable deal deals You know what to do Call the Neal Deal Hotline 1-2-3 1-3-5-3-4-4-4-4-4-11 That's 1-3-4-4-4-4-4-11 Don't forget all Neal Deal's simply to credit The Povils heat-of-Oxin Halls for the tails Hallowed Potty Act GMC are They do be professional grades My regular local The six is five six The ring is all yours The crew is a crew A-M In the property In the property In the property In the property In the property In the property In the property In the property I am Ted Cabo In this is Not my day off Tonight Arnold Schwarzenegger Will be joining us by satellite Good evening Arnold A good year with your recovery plan For California's economy into perspectives We were only going to say More than one by one What? I said If the people they cannot pay Let them die You know, Arnold, I've been curious about this So I must ask you How does your lovely wife Maria achieve that Why her anger looking at cheeks We will all go up in the garden I said that I hold her daughter And force why a hangout in the home She is just a woman On the Kennedy It seems someone just threw an egg at you I much prefer tomato Herb I confess to that You lost a must You made youung If you prefer Think about themselves, for from it, overshone could stop me. Also think about human waste, you know, you're in places, and who? It's disgusting, I can't get through a mail. If all of us may die in the heart, what's I know what I'm gonna do? Hey, oh, we're young, too many, when I am in the middle of the summer, I'm so lonely, oh, I can't believe it's crazy. I'm almost in the middle of the night. I'm not gonna, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I told you that you can help me. Sar violin and my vibrato, yes. I have to even do it now. Here you are, this will sell you to raise the connections again, the score? And you will put you in one piece of blood That retard in the amwitch Go, go, go, go, go My baby He's president of the Repolicate muscle, and in our kingdom it is I don't know why They won't want to die But no need to hear First comes the day for you With president of the f*** What the f*** What the f*** All what I can do But most are small And get to we all hold it more All the one Here you are best Don't come long Lift strumming the stupid Come pull, pull And this drunk and rich kid So don't go easy then So burn them me Please, president of the f*** Yeah don't care what it's all You got on the end by the crumb of the Christian All in home blood You and I have a home coffee We've got a great leader here With president of the f*** The president of the f*** The president of the f*** The president of the f*** The president of the f*** Bye bye bye The president of the Western show Our classic is only you way As you play on the forelario While when you were little kid The first time you pulled the covers back And you saw a boner