I've got a lot of sex talk to me. Yeah, I've got a lot of sex going happy birthday to our old man. Happy birthday. Happy to Greg is out sick this week because of the fact that he's being there right now. You'd be on your way down the hall for another remiton. He has he showed up today. Another meet with Greg. He showed up in. He actually had he doesn't realize that but he's got a little action in the corners of his mouth because he's sick and he's on medication and everything. And he's frapping at the mouth. He looks sick. I saw him this morning. He asked me what kind of I was on Docs the cycling for my Charlotte's web and fashion in my chest. And he's got a sore throat and we know how he got. No, Neil. It Greg Reed is here today, but he's looking like you should still be in bed. Oh, right. Excellent. And what was out sick today too, right? No, no. No, no. He just took a day off for the Robin top birthday presents for me, man. What more can I want? Hey, I'm going to the next day. I'm going to the next day. I'm going to the next day. I'm going to the next day. I'm going to the next day. I'm going to the next day. Yeah, right. I think I want eight. No, he was the same as you. I'll tell you that right now. That isn't it. Yeah, yeah. I was thinking about this yesterday. It's okay for women to lie about the rage because it's a cultural thing. Oh, it's nobody's business. Holder woman is, but men who lie about their age are so freaking vain. You know, men who were must grads on her head and lie about their rage. It's really embarrassing. No, no, no, no. No, no, seriously. What kind of a guy lies about his age? He says he says in the mid 50s. I wonder if when he was a boy. He said, he already knows. He's like 59. When we know him, you're going to have children. He's like, you're going to have children. But he says the mid 50s. I was like, you're going to lie. When mode right in the T, where many showed it to George. When mode takes off his hat and he thinks he's going to raise around her. You think his hair or piece, raise around her room and 90%. When he puts it on his knees. So I heard that somebody kidnapped his muskrad overnight. Was it like he could come in this morning? He was at the rubbing time down. Great. He's sneaking to his breast one day in the, well, he's asleep. Take him out of his beauty naps. I'm listening. And run off with all of his muskrad. I think what happened. I think he better be snatched. He'd be better be snuck in and did it with his wife. Oh, he's a good friend. Oh, he's a good friend. Right. The clearance. Where he has an enemy good friend. The clearance. He's a hard-up and desperate. He won't keep saying trim. Jesus, you don't need, you know, you've already got three meetings scheduled now. What's the problem? I don't even care when he says to me anymore. It's all about money, dude. You've taught me that all the matters is bottom line. Finish the deal. Get the money. You mean like, Viacom would I ragan thing you know because Viacom wants to know about the Reagan movie. They sold it to show time. By a previous TV station in America. I thought, oh, he will ship it off the show time. No problem. My dad's helping a story. I don't want to read your TV station in the country. My dad's helping a story. I started dinner with a splendid bun and a great great restaurant in Delray. But the chefs of Viceroy, he told me to story about Reagan and the Pope and the Met and the Vatican when Reagan was president. And he actually cut this deal with him. He had him $25 million. He wrote one thing. No, he actually cut a deal with him to find out about. I mean, my dad's trying to feed me to story last night that the Pope is the reason that the cold war ended back in the day that he believes that his solidarity with the Polish people and with the Russians was the key to the deal. I'm certainly going to my dad at dinner. I'm going. I said to the waiter, I go give me two more to the American mushrooms or something. I drink six key onies and eight in Oxy. I know my dad's delusional. He's like Scott's cousin. How about those maple leaves, baby? I told him was my birthday to it and he said, no problem. The Americano, no problem. Yeah, but guess what? The penguins won all the fights. So that's all it matters. Yeah, that's true. There were a couple of good ones in that one last night. First of the ones in the tube. Did you see that? Does he do two of them at a time, man? Goin? Maybe that tied dummy, man. He demand. I'd like to fight him. He's a little pussy. He's a little pussy. So you go to the Apatagame tonight. I must be in a little pussy. Yeah, I'm going to sit in the Stanley bar and get a fulled up. I want you to count the more taken to a long time. I'll trust me. Here we go again. You're goddamn proud of me. I go really keen. And by the way, ask Ashley, do you have a buddy look? Robert time? Yeah. Ask him how many guys he said sex with. Do you think he can keep us away? No, he's made. I heard a lot of stories about the Los Angeles Luke. He's got lips like that. I think it's just as he's French Canadian. I know, he can see him work that he can work the shaft. He's got some strange funky lips. He's a cool guy. You know the night listeners, I left you if you were kiss. I was on Letterman one night and I wore his jersey when he scored. And that night he scored his five hundredth goal. When you run Letterman one night. Now you're working for Greg Reed. You know, probably no one of you are so neurotic. I don't have any. I can for Greg Reed, but getting right through with a coals every day and being given up. This is a crap. Greg Reed will never be his coals name. I think I'm going to play the unended version of condolese. Yeah. Oh, that's a great read on never be as cool as me. So that's what gets him all. I'll do tomorrow is a birthday gift for whenever your next birthday is. I'll play. I'll come out with you and cross over at nine fifty five. We'll play it during your time. Now you're thinking about a meeting. Yeah. Hey, happy birthday, dude. You're the best. Thanks. Ah. Day. To me. Happy. Day to you. Baby, a hot, you're a couple of men so. Oh. To order, place, we know. You're an aim, a matter of fell. Who's first name begins with? Oh! There's one thing we all understand. Alright! Oh, great! That's that! Okay! Back to stay! I got a birthday present for the audience. Oh! So, I'm coming across this great show and I thought, Jeez! This is pretty interesting. It's on the fifth estate, which is a regular, it's kind of like what is PBS call it frontline, right? Right. We know this is much better in frontline. The fifth estate and you can go online, cbc.ca slash fifth. And the name of the show conspiracy theories now, and if you want to get lots more information on it, just click on the visit the web feature. That's what it says, visit the web feature, and you get all kinds of more information. But I'm actually going to play the audio from this. Oh, that's people on hold. Don't put anybody on hold, please. Because as part of my birthday, give to myself today. I'm taking a lot of time from the show. I don't know how much time it'll take. I'm playing the audio from the entire show last night, which will remind me. I want you to call everybody you know and tell them a tune on WQAM, because everybody needs to hear this about the bushes and the bin Laden. See, the first few minutes of the show deal with a couple of wild conspiracy theories, and there's no credibility in the two people they had on for the first few minutes. I'm not going to play any of that because it's pointless. The rest of it, however, and they make it very clear on the cbc documentary, that there is absolutely no evidence to link bush or any of these people with advanced knowledge, 9.11, that stuff, you know, like some of these wild conspiracy theorists. But the rest of it is not only all factual, but enough to make you really pissed off and foaming it them out. I mean, pissed off and fired up. So quickly, let's give the appories up. Of course, they counted yesterday the fixes in, I told you. The voted kind of like in government in the, well, it wasn't in the dark. But they already approved the $73 million for the stadium for the, for the Panther Dolphin Marlins. The ad convention to prove Marlins stadium funding plan, voted 9 to 4 to allocate 73 million dollars in tourist tax money, to help pay for stadium for the Florida Marlins. I'm sorry for the Miami Marlins. One piece of a plan for $325 million dollar ballpark to be built in downtown Miami for the Miami Marlins. By the way, maybe Walmart will take those caps in the church back. Yesterday, we asked which of these are the least interested in. Then in jail, 481 out of 1212 votes, 1212. All of the above, 365, and I should point out that the people of Odor, all of the above, we slipped in that war in a rack one on them afterward, and that's not what they meant. They meant all of the other categories, 33. Kobe, now keep those numbers in mind, Kobe Brat rate case only 79, see? So Ben and J.L. we want you to go away. Don't go away, may I just please go away, don't ever come back. Kobe Brat rate case 79, Marlins stadium issues 70, Elizabeth Nato's smart 61, Scott and Lacey Peterson 56. Q 56. The World Trade Organization, the WT, in Miami 47, sports 25, parents is really pissed off at you 25 people too, by the way. He'll never speak to you again. Terry Shive, 24, and the reason we put the war in a rack under us, because we knew a few assholes out there like ostriches had their heads buried in the sand that were only six. I'm proud to say, in our astute audience. Just wait till you hear this audio man, George, you're going to be peeing your arm. I'm riveted, I can't wait, I'm camping. I got so much stuff here today, two in fact, I might. I might give myself a real present here today and not take any calls. I wouldn't be a present here. And if we have time, I might actually do the last one to two comedy, but it's our concern. You don't think I'm going to stop doing that on my birthday, do you? No. And force myself to work at extra hour on Humpty, that would be bad, even I'm not that much of a mess because to do that. But we'll see. Because I also got like about 22 pages from the Michael Moore book, dude, where's my country in line with the bin Laden stuff and Saudi Arabia? See that bit that I've played, dropping a new gun, Pakistan, but that's number two first, like I've told you for a long time. It's got to be Saudi Arabia, because like Michael Moore said, it wasn't just a attack against the country by a bunch of disconnected people. It was attacked by Saudi Arabia against America. We could finish them off in one day, all that laundry heads and go in there and take over the oil, that the world's greatest supply of oil. Go in there, you could be paying like 40 cents a gallon for gas? Hey, there are people are oppressed. We could build some real schools and sell those madrases, where they teach nothing but anti-American anti-Jewan, Thai West and everything. They'll be better than the floor. We could close down to place where they like chop everybody's head off at the a square for entertainment stuff. I like that place. Yeah. 1013 at 560 WQA, and if you're on a low carb diet, which almost every fat person in the world is on now, whether it's Ankins or the South Beach diet with sucks. Sugarbusters, a lot of others, here's the deal for you. Here's a great store that'll help you stay on your low carb diet, because they've got over a thousand products that are delicious. You need variety, no matter what you're on, even the most effective diet programs they usually fail because they're boring, one dimensional. But when you have the lights to a eight in a bet you, then you've got some real choices. They've got over a thousand low carb products like I said, like breads and bagels and cheesecake and muffins and brownies and chaffets, pasta sauces, chips and dips, soups, ketchups that world famous carbolite ice cream, walnut brownies by control carbs, southern delight chock the chip cookies, carbolite candy coated chocolate covered penis, apple cinnamon, granola, Icarb scents and lots lots more. And of course, at the last of West Book of the Good Part of it is a lot of these products you never heard of before, you can try any of them before you buy them to and all the atkins products around sale all day every day only. At Delights, you're open every day, seven days a week, ten to ten and you find the lights on the Northeast corner of Glades and 441 next to Boston markets like dying and going to diet heaven. Call them toll free at 1-877 low carb, LOW WCARB, or on a wicked web, you'll find a bit low carb.com. The one the only deal I'd so much, book a official atkins retail center. Why and local, your sports video 560, 2 a.m. Where you fudge back him? Yeah, I was busy doing that. I had to get my fingers. I just spread my tight. And pull myself from this toilet, pull that clear my bow, pull those good trolls, pull the toilet, and there's a smell that makes you cry. So bad I can barely see my knees as I make my strain and spikters squeeze, don't let me spoil you. It's not hard to understand, even diabetic, he got mad. If you're actually a one-up limp, you know the sea. You're a kid so God damn it, bear a seat. Everybody's making fun of me. And just with the fancy gate, every thought through it's all of a day. A took her sound that night. When you hear Jane and sat my old, it found this candle brought them home. Don't look toy, ladies. Ten-19 at 560, maybe that's where I'm always today. Maybe he's home on the toilet, okay? We're going up a big batch. Here's a facts from a Denver fan, is happy if and birthday how many candles would you blow tonight? By the way, four more years for your medic here. You're in Canada, see you in my mean 2007. Thanks Denver fan, whoever you are, who doesn't have a name. Here's our poll for today. This will be up there all day. We don't have to dittle around with it. They may want to wait before they cancel their vote until I play all that audio from that fifth-to-state-year one, CBC last night. They may want to hold back. Or not, whatever you like. What's your take on your rack war? We've got six brilliant choices here for you. First one, which seems to be leading so far, George W. Bush should be impeached. Rumsfeld should be fired. I want the troops to come home. We need to send more troops for security. I don't care about any of it. Or let's stay the course it'll take time. Those are your six choices on your take on the war in Iraq. 382 Dead Americans. Lots more. What do we call the coalition? Of course there is no coalition. Lots more dead. And of course we got thousands and thousands of Iraqis, but who's counting, which is a may sound humors, but it's true. Who's counting? Who seems to care? They're trying to count. They just can't count that high. Is that what they're trying to say? Well, they're getting interfered with. I see. Plus the number keeps going up so fast. They can't keep track. Anyway, we got a few votes on there already. A smattering of people who discovered the new polls already. Up 14 vote. George W. Bush should be impeached. 7. Let's stay the course it'll take time for. Rumsfeld should be fired too. I don't care about any of it. One. And that's it so far. 14. But that's a don't mean too much yet. Right? Right. It's just kind of formulated. I think after the 10 25 break, because I'm not going to play any. No, maybe we'll start it now. Right? I can't wait. Well, no, because it's about 40 minutes. But turn man. And I'm going to have to look interrupted, because naturally we're here to get the commercials in. So I think maybe we'll start it now from CDC. Alright. In order to truly understand what happened on September the 11th. And the close relationship between the Bush's. The Bin Laden's. And the rest of the Saudi A. And the first thing we can do is to be able to take the lead. You have to go back about 25 years. And south, a couple of thousand kilometers to Houston, Texas. Or in the mid 1970's George W. Bush was a young man. Just trying to learn the ropes in his families to business. Politics and oil. The Bushes were a pillar of Houston, society. George seniors struck at rich in oil. He became a congressman, a director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Or it said he first won the Friendship of the Saudi Royal Family by arranging CIA training for their palace guards. And George Jr. was trying to follow in his father's footsteps. A Harvard business grad, he dabbled in politics and the Texas air national guard. And it was about the same time that a man named Bill White, a former fighter pilot with a Harvard MBA himself, was recruited to work and used it with someone with business and personal connections to both George Bush's. His name was Jim Bath. This fellow James Arbath needed someone to run a series of real estate companies that would be grubstake by not only the political families, but also by supporting national societies. And so I came down on an interview and met Jim. They opened an office and downtown Houston where Bill White became Jim Bath's part and confident. But White's as fast as most of his time dealing with his foreign partners, a wealthy Saudi family. The Bin Lines. He also ran a company in the same building called Bin Laden in Associates, which Jim explained was a procurement company for the Saudis. He bought a bank for them. He bought an airport for them. He started an airline for them. Among other ventures in Houston, Texas. Now at that point, had you ever heard the name Bin Laden? No, I had nothing to do. Nothing to do. But in Saudi Arabia, the Bin Laden's name, met a great deal indeed. They owned one of the largest Saudi construction companies. They were advisors to the Royal Family. They were the second richest family next to the Royal. With billions of dollars to invest abroad, in places like Houston, with a bush family. They moved into the state in one of Houston's finest neighborhoods. A Bin Laden brother named Salam Midlan, and a brother in law, Khalid Bin Mfuz. Mfuz was also one of the Saudi royal families bankers. So, is it fair to say that when the Bin Laden group establishes an office in Houston? The presence of the bush family at that point had a lot to do with it. I think that was essential. The essential element. I don't think any of those dollars were to come into the United States or any of those assets been purchased. That not there's been this quick pro quo relationship with the bush family. While the Bin Laden's built their ties to Texas, back home in Saudi Arabia, they were making another kind of foreign investment. In 1979, the Soviet Union occupied Afghanistan. The Saudi royal family wanted to build a Muslim army known as the Muhojdin to defend this law and force the Russians out. They turned to their trusted advisors the Bin Laden's. The Waffered Upalanki 21 year old named Assama. The man who personally chose Assama bin Laden to build that army would also become his mentor, Saudi Prince Trivial Faisal. Last year on British television he reminisced about the young Bin Laden. In those days he was a young man who had committed himself to helping the Afghan Mujdahidin liberate themselves from the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan. And he was doing a lot of good. He was bringing support and aid to the Mujdahidin. Meanwhile back in Houston, the bush family was also on the move. George senior was about to become Vice President and his son made a career decision to. By the late 70s George W. Bush was setting out on his own. He established an oil exploration company that he called our bush dump. A Spanish word that loosely translated means bush. But before our bush took a fine oil, it needed to find some money, operating capital. And apparently George Bush, you were a lawyer. And at that point I'll take a break. I'll play any comedy bits. Huh? Not that you ended on a cliffhanger or anything. Well that's right. That's the idea. Keep my hanging. Not gonna play any comedy bits. We'll just do the spots and then we'll come right back to what the name of the show again is the fifth estate. It's the investigative report. It's on a CBC every week and was on last night conspiracy theories. You can get lots more information than what you'll even hear on the audio I'm going to play today on cbc.ca slash fifth conspiracy theories. Just click visit the web feature. I know it's stupid question. Yes spelled out with the numerals. How big you're pardon? Fifth is spelled out. F-I-F-T-H spelled out as an F-I-F-T-H got it. Fifth. 1026 at 560 W to QM happy birthday to me. And again, thanks people would be calling and happy birthday to me. But that's boring. I think what I'm going to have on today is going to be a lot more interesting. A birthday present from me to all of you. And of course the morons out there who want to hear. Hey, happy birthday, douchebag. Forget about that. Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked because maybe you're a moron, here's the answer for it. Get smart. Get yourself a new high paying career. You don't have to go to college for four years to do it either. If you've got a problem with a low paycheck like Scott, if you work for some schmuck like all of us, here's the solution for you. Call the friends at fast-trained tool-free, our friends at 1-866 fast-trained. It's amazing that they are still friends because it's hard-drecked. Fast-trained can have you trained in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist career and as little as four quick, easy-paying list months. That's right. In just four months you can find to get yourself some skills. You can be fully trained already for a real career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Fast-trained offers you day, evening weekend classes, new offer you job placement, assistance and financial aid to people who qualify. Just convenient locations for you including Ford South Florida, so it just makes sense. There's likely a fast-trained close by you. If you like to get out of that dead and job and we really make a positive change in your life, check them out on the web first at fast-trained.com and then make that call. Fast-trained tool-free. It's one 866 fast-trained. And low-citches for 3.05-699. For Bath, it told me that he had used Saudi money to fund church bus juniors for a new into the energy business. This is the Arbusco, the Arbusco partnerships. As Bath's partner Bill White says he had access to information about the financial dealings between the Bin Laden family and George W. Bush. He later obtained Bath's personal financial statements when the two had a falling out and became involved in litigation. On schedules that show his partnership interest, he shows a personal partnership interest of $25,000 invested in our busco of $79 and another $25,000 investment in Bush 80. But according to White, that share was only Bath's commission for investing the Bin Laden's money. Do you have any knowledge of how much money the Saudis put in? Well he told me it was an excess of $1 million. So there's no question in your mind whatsoever that whatever went into George W. Bush's companies from Jim Bath was money. More than a percent of the Saudi money. And George W. Bush would have been aware of that? Absolutely. But that wasn't all. A few years later another oil company in which George W. Bush was involved needed cash. It got a reported $25 million. Again, thanks in part to Bush's old Houston neighbor, Khalid Bin Mufus, a sum of Bin Laden's brother-in-law. And it wasn't only George Bush the son who benefited. The Bin Laden's did business with the Houston Bank where George Bush's senior was on the board. What time is it? Victor. This was the non-political part of this. And businessman Bill White says whether Bush senior knew it or not. The Bin Laden's were also generous with him when he ran for president in 1988. Allegedly finding a way around the US ban on foreign campaign contributions. The United States of Bath was that they were making campaign contributions. By taking briefcases full of cash to the law firms. They would give the cash to the lawyers. And each of the lawyers in turn would make a $1,000 campaign contribution to Bush. Which would presumably be against electoral law. Well, it is against the law, but it's obviously covered by virtue of the attorneys making the contributions. And when George Bush's senior became president, as with George W. more than a decade later, the Saudis occupied a special place at the White House. The Oval Office always opened to one man. Saudi Arabia's ambassador, Prince Bondar. He's got instant access. He calls him up. So I'm coming over. He's got instant access to CIA. Anybody who wants. He can summon people. He can call anybody up at home at any time. Which most ambassadors in Washington cannot do. Robert Bairzer served with the CIA for 21 years. He's been much of that time in the Middle East. What is the George W. Bush calls Bondar? Bondar Bush? Bondar Bush? You know, it's fine. Bondar is a great ambassador. It's works great until you turn blind eye until you believe everything Bondar says. Bairer believes that Bondar's position is symptomatic of the blind self-interest on both sides. That's the Saudi-American relationships fatal flaw. As you'll see when we come back, it's a lesson George W. Bush and his administration wouldn't learn until it was much too late. The Saudi Arabia, the acting as one might expect a true ally in front of Act. Could they have told the US all they needed to know about the real threat posed by him on the day new everything? There were source of findings that went to two by arms to buy bombs through their charities and those charities in Saudi Arabia are all controlled by the government to solve it. 1035 at 560 W to QMS or you get into your inner what? I'm Stephen. Hmm, few more gets much better. Ah, 25 to 11 months. We'll just take the breaks. I mean, I edited out the spots. I was up till 2 o'clock in the morning, taping a replay of this last night just because to give myself a birthday. If you're putting something on here that I think people were here ought to hear besides Johnny's a douchebag. Maybe I'm wrong. Call me crazy. How did the douchebag? Anyway, imagine that imagine zero closing cost and we could boom boom. You know, I'll get that. I'm going to get it. Imagine zero closing cost zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll be ever needing. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with interest rate of just 1.95% which sounds too good to be true, but it ain't. So in other words, if you have a 200,000 dollar loan, your payments are a Paul P.738 bucks a month. And once you be fine, answer, get a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever never pay closing cost again. So if you'd like to find out more about it, come to the toll free 1-800-940 land. Grab real financing power with the low rate mortgage you've removed your next property without further cost or expense. Only one mortgage from financial group called 1-800-940 land for details. It's a whole new great way to buy. There is zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero prepim and perbly zero closing cost even when you move to another property. So get yourself financing it just 1.95% and never pay closing cost again by the way. Call them today financial group 1-800-940 land. That's 1-800-940 L-E-N-D equal housing letter. Credit restrictions apply rates up due to change monthly 5.19 APR. My life and low. This is for 205.6 million. Bush, fuck the fuck the fuck! Ladies and gentlemen, America's first human life planet. It was 1991. The Gulf War was over. American troops had defended Saudi oil fields against it on the same. Now the US continues to enjoy the economic security which came with all of that Saudi oil. It was essentially the same deal George W. Bush himself made when he did business with the Bin Laden's in Houston. One side got a powerful partner, the other, oil and money. Former CIA agent Robert Bear. He United States depends upon Saudi Arabia for its oil production. Saudi Arabia also recycles all the money it makes off oil in the United States. And puts trillions of dollars in our banks. It pays for presidential libraries. It's a thing you can imagine. And the Clinton White House wasn't immune to Saudi Charm either. It was difficult not to give the benefit of the doubt to the biggest buyer of American military hardware with the deepest pockets in the stock market. Not to mention the world's largest oil reserves. Which is why after George Bush senior left off, some became a senior advisor to the powerful international investment firm, the Carl Algrub. He paid a number of visits on their behalf to his good friend, the Saudi oil family, and the Bin Laden. They soon became Palau time. Incredible. On September 11th, Bush and the head of the Bin Laden family would be at the same Carl Algrub meeting in Washington. Just a few miles from where some have been lawden's hijackers would attack the Pentagon. As the 90s unfolded, there was much the US administration didn't know about Bin Laden. Who was about to become America's nightmare? Because he saw the presence of US troops on the holy sands of Saudi Arabia as a sacriot. Osama Bin Laden was an ally of the United States through the 80s. He was killing Soviet soldiers. That's what we wanted. Now what happened later on in the 90s is the Saudis who certainly had good intelligence on Bin Laden. We're not telling us that Bin Laden had chosen a new enemy, and that was the United States. And Masaoi's left something else out, something that tried to hide to this day, that they kept paying Osama Bin Laden after his war with the Soviets ended. And his terror campaign against the US began. The man was in cover the proof of that, is Jean-Charles Brissard. He investigated al-Qaeda's finances for the French intelligence service well before 911, and has been following the relationship between Bin Laden and Saudi Arabia, especially with his mentor, Prince Turkey ever since. He was helped by the kingdom, and this support lasted for years. Turkey, for instance, was the one who met regularly with Bin Laden in Afghanistan, until the very recently until 98, I think, the last time, for at least three or four times, who sent him checks for suitcases of money, trucks, all that suggests that he was fully supported by the Saudi government itself. Brissard says that Bin Laden despised the royal family. He secretly agreed to set down a still of the aside, in exchange for continuing financial support. In other words, protection money. The Saudis deny it ever happened, but according to investigators Jean-Charles Brissard, French intelligence reports confer that a meeting did indeed take place in Paris in 1996. As some have been Laden himself didn't come, but a senior representative did, also in attendance, Bin Laden's old mentor, Saudi Prince Turkey, a Bin Laden family member, and a number of bankers. The result, the Saudis promised to keep paying Bin Laden as long as he promised to keep ignoring them. According to Brissard, one of those who came to this Paris hotel for that meeting was none other than Bin Laden's brother-in-law, Khalid Bin Mfuz, the same man who once financially supported George W. Bush, now negotiating payoffs to a Saudis bin Laden. And support came from the Bin Laden family as well. They publicly proclaimed Vid Disown the Saudis, but privately resorts it. They said him equipment and money. The company that I had studied in that group is providing all the tools to a sum up of Bin Laden to build a road or an airport in Sudan, yes, they're fairly financial backers of the sum up in that in the year. So how much in all did the Saudis contribute to Al Qaeda? Estimates are that before nine-le-le-up Bin Laden spent about 15 million US dollars a year, but that's majority of from Saudi Arabia. What exactly is that? That's one of the documents that were recently seized by our team in Afghanistan signed by the world. From Bosnia to the Sudan and Afghanistan, Jean-Shalb Rissard has discovered an al Qaeda paper trail that he says proves what the Saudis are still denying. This leads you to believe it's $2 million which originates where? Oh, just stated that the originates from the head that's provided by Saudi Arabia. What are the millions in Saudi foreign aid diverted to Al Qaeda? Financial support for terrorist training camps in Afghanistan like this one, camps run with money, funneled through a Saudi chair, funded, managed and supervised by royal family members. They knew everything. There were the source of findings that went to buy arms to buy bombs through their charities and those charities in Saudi Arabia are all controlled by the government to some extent. Knowing the way he felt about the US, knowing he had declared war essentially on all Americans, would they not also have known that by giving him money they were funding ultimately attacks against the US? What else do you think that the interests of Saudi Arabia from its perspective is more important than the US interests of the US? That's what we've experienced, that's what we've seen in the past. Not only the Saudis not want to tell the Americans about their deal with bin Laden, it seems the US didn't want to hear the spite of decades increasing terror attacks against Americans abroad. 1995, a bomb in Saudi Arabia kills five US soldiers. 1996, 19 American servicemen die in another Saudi bony, a US military's co-bar towers barracks. 1998, more than 200 parish when truck bombs devastate two US embassies in Africa. 2000, an explosion tears apart the US's coal, 17 American sailors are killed. Though as some of them in Laden was obviously responsible for the majority of those deaths, US intelligence effectively ignored the flights that was his recruitment hotbed. The US attitude remained here, sea, and speak no evil. Even though there had been the bombings in 1995, 1996, 98, 2000, all involving Saudis, no one asked for a national intelligence estimate if Saudi Arabia is not in terrorist state. Is it fair to say, financial and political interests, in one way or other lead to 911, Afghanistan and Iraq? Absolutely. Financial interests were predominant in Washington. They led to a turning blind eye to what was happening in Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan and contributed to our own 11. But it doesn't have to be a conspiracy. This is where people will nail you if you say it's a conspiracy. It's a nice against a conspiracy as silence. We're just not going to talk about it. When we come back, what they still don't want to talk about, how American law enforcement might have discovered and disrupted the 911 attacks. The agent can send you, I don't testify to you that he believes, if he had known he could have stopped the camera. People who he would have, I mean, he could know and can never say for sure we would have stopped it, but he believes he would have had a very good chance. It's precious my life. Near minutes after the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon, the Federal Aviation Administration ordered the grounding of all civilian air traffic in the U.S. Travelers were stranded across the country and around the world. 48 hours later, September 13, an update. Private flights were still prohibited to take off required government approval at the highest level. That morning, Prince Bandar, Saudi Arabia, visited the White House. And later that, something unusual began to happen. Despite the blanket aviation ban, several private planes from Lear, Jeps to a 747 were cleared to the park from Various U.S. cities. On board, were dozens of the Saudi elite, almost every one had been locked or a Saudi Lord. Meanwhile Elizabeth Alderman was desperate to find away from Paris to New York. Where her son Peter was missing. The Bin Laden family, whoever was in the United States, got safe passage home. And I couldn't get home to be with my children. Other families couldn't get to New York who lived far away. To even begin to look for their children at this point, we didn't know who was alive or who was dead. I couldn't get home and that Bin Laden family. All they would get home. To this day, the Bush administration has not even confirmed the existence of those flights to Saudi Arabia. Those Saudi diplomatic sources have been quoted as saying approval for them was granted at the highest level. But the Exodus to Saudi Arabia happened at all. Is one the negation that took place before the Saudis departed. It seems there was none. The biggest crime in American history orchestrated by a son of Bin Laden, with funds from the Bin Laden and Saudi royal families. Playing loads of home, we're given special dispensation to leave the US almost immediately afterwards, essentially with no interviews to determine what they might know. No, they just got the laugh. The FBI is not been allowed to put Saudis on a terrorism list up until September 11th. They were not allowed to ask these people any questions. The President of the United States. The next week, George W. Bush finally threw down the gauntlet on global terror. Or so, it seemed. The re-nation in every region now has a decision to make. Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists. By then, the Bush administration knew that the spite years of Saudi reassurance, 15 of the 19 hijackers had been Saudi nationals. So in the terrible aftermath of September 11th, surely it was now time to track down those who provided money and support for 9-11, wherever they might be. Right? Wrong again, according to former CIA insider Robert Fair, when George W. Bush says, terrorists, those who harbor them, those who give support to them are our enemies. That's obviously not true because everybody that finance September 11th is currently in Saudi Arabia and free. And it would sort of like have been lodged and said, well, you know, it's just a coincidence my guys happened to run into your towers. Are we just going to leave him alone? In the past two years, the US has relentlessly prosecuted its war on terror, first invading Afghanistan, which unquestionably harbored in support of Al-Qaeda. Then occupying Iraq, which had virtually nothing to do with the summer been lodged. But despite all their with us are against as rhetoric, the US has given Saudi Arabia, which spawned the mastermind, the manpower, and the money for 9-11, a free pass. The CIA, for example, ignored intelligence about the hijackers, gathered by a number of foreign countries before and after September 11th. The fifth estate has obtained documents like these phone records from German intelligence, showing calls made by key members of the 9-11 plot to Saudi Arabia. The Americans chose not to pursue. And nowhere was that attitude more obvious than in the report of the congressional investigation into the September 11th attacks. The community made mistakes prior to September 11th, and the problems. The hearings on Capitol Hill began several months after 9-11. They were to be the definitive inquiry into what happened and why. Focusing on what US intelligence agencies knew or should have known. Alan or Hill was the committee's chief investigator. In the fall of 1998, the intelligence community received information concerning a bin Laden plot involving aircraft. The much anticipated report was more than 800 pages long, but since it was released this past summer, most of the attention has focused on 28 of those pages. One chapter that is almost completely redacted ordered classified by the White House and blacked out to the public. And because they're classified, I can't tell you what's in those pages. I can tell you that the chapter deals with information that our committees found in FBI and CIA files that was very disturbing. It had to do with sources of foreign support for the hijackers or alleged sources of foreign support for the hijackers. Now, I know it has been reported that many of those 27 or 28 redacted pages deal with the Saudi relationship to the hijackers. But that's what the press has said. I haven't said that. In fact, others familiar with those 28 blacked out pages confirm that much of the secret material, but foreign support for the 9-11 hijackers does indeed deal with Saudi Arabia was more. Some of the classified material also appears in unclassified areas of the report. In other words, if you know where to look, there's more than enough there to reveal exactly what it is, the Bush administration would prefer the public. Doesn't know. 10. 55. If it's 5.60 WC, there's a couple more minutes in by the way, the most aggravating is coming up yet. Oh, God. Yeah. It gets worse. So strap yourself in. I'm getting sick of my stomach. I'm getting a lot of blood. Yeah, I want to puke my guts. So far on a poll, what's your take on your rack war? We've got 175 votes. George W. Bush would be impeached 100. Oh. Let's stay the course. It'll take time. 31.17%. I want the troops to come home 25. We need to send more troops for security. 9. Rumsbell should be fired. 6. And I don't care about any of it. 4. That's right. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. 10. 56. 6. If you're a little bit late. 6. 65. 60 WQM. It won't be long now before all your relatives start showing up for the holidays. Maybe your parents come and out of stay for the winter and impose an invade. In either case, if you need new mattress to do the smart thing like more and more people are QM or doing. Call my good friends at dialometres. Have been using them for years. 1. 800 mattress. You know, the mattress industry is full of phony games and shell claims. And the other way around at dialometres. No phony promises. No bait and swish just discount prices every day of your life on a brand name. You know, interest in law. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. You know, it's not a good thing. So Elner Hill could tell us the story of a Saudi government employee based in California, a man named Omar al-Bayumi. According to the report, at least one, the FBI's best source in San Diego suggested by you may be a Saudi intelligence officer. You can then say that Mr. Bayumi, according to report, did certainly help an assist the hijackers at least two of them. Those two 9-11 hijackers were collid on Madar and no Waffle Hazmi. They were Saudis too, and reportedly the first of the 19 hijackers to enter the US. Guess who was there to meet them. Basically, Mr. Bayumi had a significant context with Midharn, Pazmi in California. He put down the deposit for them on their apartment there. He threw a party for them. Help them enroll and they can't. Help them enroll and he cast another individual to act as their translator, help them enroll in flight schools. Not only does the congressional report detail the Saudis support for those two hijackers. It also reveals how much American intelligence already knew about them by the time they got to San Diego. They'd been under surveillance at a high level al-Qaeda meeting abroad, where US agents certainly suspected they were planning to treat her attacks. The CIA knew their names, birth dates, passport numbers, then you one of them had a US entry visa which likely meant that planned to travel there. But despite it all, the CIA somehow neglected to warn other US agencies about them, which meant that all Midharn and Al-Hazmi were able to enter the country without a problem, and settle in San Diego, even amazingly renew their US visas so they could stay legally and to lay played their part on September the 11th. Congressional investigator Eleanor Hill says it was perhaps the single most crucial intelligence failure before 911. Had the FBI been told that and been aware of that, that can January 2000, things may have been very different. We had the FBI agent from San Diego who handled that inform and testify in our close hearing that he believes that had he had that information from the CIA. He would have been able to stop this because he believes he would have had a what he called a full court press in terms of investigation on Midharn, Hazmi, while they were living in San Diego. But in fact, in Westminster August 2001, the two Saudis and San Diego were finally put on the US watch list. By then, it was tragically too late, three weeks afterwards. They crashed American Airlines Flight 77 into the Pentagon. His terrific, his terrific, he really knew how to enjoy his life. And he made the people around him to enjoy their lives more. Elizabeth Alderman lost her son at the World Trade Center. Now, she's among 4,000 Americans and Canadians who filed a trillion dollar lawsuit against defendants that include Saudi charities, members of the Royal Family, and Bin Laden, the suit claims that by funding the Sama Bin Laden, they were just as responsible for the 911 tragedy as the hijackers. If this will cost the Saudis enough money, I think maybe they will think twice before they will sponsor terrorism again. I think that if we hadn't brought this lawsuit with the large number of people that are involved in the lawsuit, that it would have taken a very long time for the name of Saudi Arabia to even be mentioned by our government. Elizabeth Alderman's life has changed in many ways. For one, she says, She's never been as suspicious of her government as she is now. I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but I certainly can understand why people would believe it, because it doesn't make sense. A lot of the way I look at life, the things have to make sense. I may not be knowledgeable in a particular area, but I know when things don't make sense. So, has all of this made any difference whatsoever in Washington? This past summer, US senators held a hearing on the financial support of terrorism. They asked government officials to provide the names of the Saudi charities and individuals who have been investigated for funding al Qaeda. I know the Chairman tried very hard and others had tried very hard to get this information, so let me try again. Are the names of those entities classified? The names classified that you have recommended for a listing. It's a yes or no question. The names themselves are not classified. And I think you ought to present them to us today. I don't have them with me. Senators were promised they'd get the names the next day. But overnight, the Bush administration classified them. That list, with the names of the Saudis suspected of financing a sum of been lodged. Would not be made public after all. And an individual that was affiliated with... Call it a conspiracy or call it the way of the world. But the long relationship between the Bush's, the Bin Laden's and the Saudi royal family has shaped the times in which we live before and after September 11. For better, for worse and for whom you be the judge. There you go. We're on going home. Yeah, I want a puke. Anyway, that was from a CBC last night. You won't see that on CBS. There are tears in the CBS eye. You sure won't see that on the peacock because General Electric wouldn't let him put it on. You sure won't see it on ABCA or Fox. But you sure won't see it on Fox. So that's it. I think it was well worth while playing. Yeah, I just played every day, every hour. You see if the American public had news like that. If they really had any idea what was really going on on the shady relationship between the Bush's and the Bin Laden's all these years and about the Carl Al Group and all these things and about Peanack and all the stuff that's gone. I'm really decided to invade Iraq long before 9. 11 long before and then that he also understand why it was the ability of the Bush's to steal a presidential election. I mean, that's small potatoes compared all of the other stuff. Anyway, thanks to a man's Helen Sunrise who says happy birthday and death to those who oppose you and you are Absolutely correct. Here's another fact that says happy birthday Neil. Undylible proof that the Bin Laden Republic is alive and well in living and date county here it is. It says, as another treatment winds up in Mexico this weekend, authorities in South Florida making extraordinary preparations to get ready for the next one of our 7121 in Miami. The Miami City Commission passed an ordinance this week for bidding anyone gatherings over three people from caring such items as golf balls, marbles, sticks on signs, glass bottles and bull horns. What has civil libertarian screaming is the laws expiration date just four days after the meetings end. They say the effect is to discriminate against one to specific group and commissioners say that's exactly what they're doing. This will send the message to those groups who want to come here and create chaos at commissioner Tomas and regalano. We did tailor one law specifically for them so don't mess with us. The ordinance was recommended by chief of police, a Miami police john tomorrow who fears demonstrations on the scale of those in Seattle in 99. I don't want to pay this. How is that pull coming the new radio asked? Wait till we get to that thing about 70 per. Very amount of it. She's the best baby. Thank God it's not a racial thing. What's your take on the Iraq war? That's what we're asking on theorodges.com. 237 votes George W. Bush would be impeached 138.2% and those people are. Let's say the course it'll take time 40 very naive people 16.8% I want the troops to come home as in now 34. We need to send more troops for security 12. Rumorsville should be fired eight and I don't care about any of it. Five. Five. Speaking of. 17% of Groward's Maryland ballots return due to bad addresses. More ballots were agreed this this is just so amazing that it's almost even more unspeakable in the tape. I just play from that CBC show but not quite. I were used to it here. More ballots were returned as undeliverable than were cast in yesterday's mail in election. The last major job for Broward County election supervisor Miriam elephant before the governor decides whether to remove her or not. Get out of there. Jeb you idiot. Elephant was under intense pressure to pull off the small election in four cities without a hitch after state task force last month charge with gross dereliction of duty. They gave her a deadline of next Monday to make dramatic improvements to our operations. But the problems with yesterday's election been building for months because the office did not complete the state mandated update of the voter registration role. The out of the list contained thousands of voters who had moved or died. The US Postal Service returned 17,245 of the 100,000 ballots end up because they went to people no longer with the addresses listed at the same time. 14,750 residents of Paparote Beach, Dierfield Beach Southwest Ranches and two neighborhoods near Cooper City voted a turnout that was a fourth of what elephant had hoped for. So now they skipped that in mind 14,700 some odd voted. And 17,245 ballots were returned. They were sent to dead people in the missing people in people removed. Oh, they could have voted. Indeed. Sure, many times. City officials were frustrated in county leaders depicted the voters another sign that elephants to mulch who is tenure must come to an end soon. There are so many areas, so many that haven't been taken care of that brings it all down County Commissioner John Rodstrombie San. Well, there you go. I mean, what are we talking about and what is that woman doing there? Well, Republicans, and of course, you know, Howard Dean got an all out of hot water because he made the comment, oh, he really basically said, Has we got to get some of the good old boy Redneck vote is what he said. He didn't say it well. So, you know, the, his Democratic opponents last night on desperation decided they would like spend a good part of that debate rock the vote thing beaten up on him. Wow, they'll come down here and tell us how to run the South China, and we'd said all this other crap. I'm not the adequate point because the deep South which used to be solidly democratic forever ever and ever before that Democrats discovered something called civil rights for the dark folks, right. But they lost Republicans captured Kentucky's governorship for the first time in more than three decades. They want to miss a city. They picked up three governorships to Republicans yesterday, even when Philadelphia, the Democrat won it also Democrats won a controlled legislature New Jersey, but that was small potatoes compared to the other ones. The first one is Arnold and California is the third one. Can tuck you misses to be in California, but. A ray of good news here. More than four and ten voters. This is from USA today today. More than four and ten voters nationwide say they definitely plan to vote against President Bush next year. More than more than planned to vote for him. The survey by Merit College Institute for Public opinion found that 40 per four percent of voters questioned said they plan to definitely vote against Bush. They would support his reelection. An April survey from the Pocups in New York based pollsters found that 40 percent of voters nationwide kind of vote for Bush while 30 percent said they would vote against him. The latest poll also found a drop in Bush's approval rating, which was 70 percent in April. Now it's 53. Among Democratic voters, there was no clear choice about who should be the parties candidate. Howard Dean led the way with 16 percent, Jewel Lieberman 12 percent, Dick Gibhard 10 percent. Ubed Democratic contenders all in single digits. In theoretical matchups against Democrats Bush led them all closest Gibhard 48 to 43 percent. But again, 44 percent said they would definitely vote against Bush. And they eat see nothing yet. It's coming after 11 happy birthday to me. I want to read it's just what 22 pages from the Michael Moore book. Oh, you're playing all of this stuff. Yeah, it's right. I got a whole pile of stuff that I might just not take one call today before they want to clock comedy, but it's our one to two. That's a present for me. There you go. That's right. Well, I mean, you know, thank you for wishing me happy birthday. And I would get a lot of those calls and a lot of calls. Hey, you're an asshole, retire whatever. But I think that that thing I just played from CBC is just, I get butterflies in my stomach while I listen to it. Even though I've heard it twice already, most of it. Everyone should be forced to watch that. That was Carl 11. By the way, Senator 11 who is asking for the names of those assounties and over and over our night before they could provide the list of names overnight. The Bush administration classified that information. Do you business? Yeah. Kind of like Dick Cheney in those energy meetings he had. What is Enron friends and others before all against your took over? Oh, no, that's classified. We're going to give you that information. Mind your own business. I mean, what is it going to take to wake up the American public and anything do it? I don't think so. I mean, maybe if one of the networks had to boss to say, hey, you folks at CBC, we'd like to run I show and they'd be delighted to let them do it by the way, never happened. Never happened. Something will happen tonight at Pompeto Park, the dining room at the top of the park opens and on or my birthday. How do you like that? Thank you, Dick, and Stephen all my good friends at Pompeto Park and Wally Hennessey and Brucey, Ranger and Kim, and Wallace and everybody else too, and even Donald Brannard. That's right, top of the park restaurant opens with fine dining on the sixth floor. And Pompeto Park is now open for nights a week for great live harness racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, including tonight at 705, that's a new post-time. And the poker room at Pompeto is open from noon to midnight every live racing day. This morning, a 715 sharp, my phone regular was the fat man fat rich. We're already making plans to plunge our guts at Pompeto Park, which is open every day and nights seven days a week. For the best in summer casting, harness, stirbread, high-eye action from all across North America, free not only to watch, but plunge your lungs on. And also don't forget, general parking and admission like always are free at Pompeto Park. Do the season at the track at 20% increase in per se, a nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher, and a revamp free powerplay rewards program that gives you a pointy that we're betting the horses, or playing poker that you can redeem for special gifts in betting vouchers. And don't forget tonight, interview Wednesday, our dollar nights at Pompeto Park, Dollar Draft Beer's Hot Dog Soda's and much more. Don't forget to dining, Robbins on the sixth floor, and try to pump it all, park a block-side of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road, post-time 705PM. For the new race schedule, call 950-4972-2000, or check it out online at www.pompetopark.com. Here's the course where you'll find this show. You a-am! The race is a great victory to the end. If you fall asleep, listen for a bit later, you'll be. The team's all you got into, we just got to see it in here. You write a disaster, Santa, to tell about it now. Hey, it's girls, we don't forget that Santa's out. Oh, we're jealous about it, we'll take your back, got it's really a drag, we'll get it out. I thought things would work, we'd learn a few things, but there are big words, I'd face my good life, if you know my name, where's my cold recovery? If you think we're seeing each other together, and as if a friend you would send, if the town of that man, and he's a bump for the town of that, and you're down to sound. Come on, come on, come on, come on, there's no highlight in shock. Thanks for the birthday wishes, amigo. 11.19 is 5.60 WQAM, look at that pool. Almost just under 60% say it's George W. Bush would be impeached, and of course those people. That's the way we correct them. Our correct, those hearings ought to be going on right now. This moment, as I speak, they ought to be taking place this second. And why it takes, I just stumbled at it. I want to thank the channel surfing gods forgive me an early birthday gift last night. When that nice of them, very nice. Because I had no idea that show was going to be on. I just stumbled across it. I just came, George, or it across it, so to speak. And there was, and I thought, hey, this is something pretty damn interesting. Show something that maybe we ought to like put on it. Somebody faches me this and I was going to Schmidt-Kanik, because I already, we talked about this before, but it's worth bringing up again now. Thanks Michelle. She says in his memoirs, The World Transformed Written Five Years ago, George H. Bush Sr. That's the Bush one. Wrote the following to explain why he didn't go after Sodom was sent at the end of the Gulf War. He said, trying to eliminate Sodom would have incurred in calculateable human and political costs. Apprehending him was probably impossible. We could have been forced to occupy Baghdad in effect rule Iraq. There was no viable exit strategy that we could see violating another of our principles. Furthermore, we had been self-consciously trying to set a pattern for handling aggression in the post-Cold War world. Going in an occupying Iraq, those unilaterally exceeding the United Nations mandate, would have destroyed the precedent of international response to aggression that we hoped to establish. Had we gone the invasion route, the United States could conceivably still be on occupying power in a bitterly hostile land. That's genius. Yeah. Try to listen to daddy, man. Try to listen to pops. W. Well pops, of course, was too busy on 9-11. He was meeting with a Carl Al Group. Right. Few miles away. That's chilling. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm still not here. You're chilling because that's really chilling. Here's something else that somebody fags in from an AOL poll yesterday. They asked which issue is most important you in the 2004 election. Economy 55% War on Iraq 34% other 11% they asked how vulnerable is Bush. Let's see how many votes they have about. Look at that. About 30,000. About 30,000. War, let's see. How vulnerable is Bush? Very vulnerable 43%. Some are 34, not at all 22. So 77% said very or some are vulnerable. Who would you like to see jump in a race? No one. The right candidates are already in the race. 47% Hillary Clinton 20% Al Gore 14. Everyone who lost in the California week called 10% even like Gary Coleman, I guess. Ralph Nader 5, Ross T. R. O. 4% that's from an AOL poll yesterday. Thank you for that. You think how to do the Michael Morse stuff now? Yeah. Were you just calm down? No. Just like the screen yourself there. How could you tell? I'll work up into a freaking frenzy. You got a camera in here. No, we don't want to see that. Gee, I've got so much good stuff. There's no chance that we're going to take any calls today. I just mentioned that so people, because I'll never get too all of it. Because I got the Michael Morse stuff and we got the big one to two hour. And I got a several bedtime stories because I'm given myself like I said a nice birthday present. And doing the show I can feel real good at two o'clock when I get my ass off out of this chair. And to a clock and just say, hey, this was pretty damn good and worthwhile for people with an IQ bigger than their thumbs eyes. I mean, you know, we do have those people. How many seven people say, I don't care about any of it, meaning what's going on in Iraq? Let's go. Now, maybe it's just, you know, we put it on there because I knew it would get some votes. I mean, some people would say to me, oh, why do you put it on there if you don't think anybody should vote for it? And of course, I always know somebody will. So maybe they're just trying to be wise guys or maybe they truly don't care. Those are probably her cone fans. Yeah, no, you're laughing. I'm serious. You don't understand the mentality. See, now Scott can relate to it because he knows when I'm talking about because he's, you know, he's a bit of a sports fan. But he knows what I'm talking about. The kind of assholes who walk around, not just on Gienday. Okay, I can understand people are fans. They paint their face like the leaf fans, blue and white and they go, you know, that's party time. That's fine. But I'm talking about the people who walk around every day and you'll see him. You go to your shopping mall or your strip shopping center. Go to the supermarket and you'll see the silly assholes walking around with her orange and the green caps and their shirts and their flags. Larry, you go to the supermarket. I've got M. T. Masska. Look at like people who haven't got a freaking clue what life is really all about. That's the biggest problem in America is bad. Bad education, horrible education. No lessons about history. No lessons about geography. Demurkin public is so isolated from the rest of really what's going on in the world. And I'm because you murkin people are bad people. Demurkin people are uneducated people. And we're paying a wicked price for it. That's the problem. Dem doesn't get the job done. Sorry. Then work. A abortion rights group there adds criticizing president Bush. Here's some good news. Oh. An abortion rights group is there a TV at that a criticizing president bush for his decision to sign a bill that imposes the first federal restrictions on a woman's legal right to abortion. Of course the right wingers. This is just one step and trying to undo Rovi way. There's no question about that. At the White House today Bush is a plan to sign the recently passed legislation that bands were critics called partial birth abortion in a statement last week Bush said he looked forward to signing the measure that would end in abhorrent practice and continue to build a culture of life in America. Abortion rights advocates say the bill applies only to why procedure done latent pregnancy and colonelizes a safe medical practice. The Neural Prochoice America Foundation sponsor of the answer is the ban violates the privacy of the doctor patient relationship. Neuralis spending nearly five or five hundred thousand dollars to air the ads and keep early voting states the Moanaeawa and Manchester New Hampshire as well as Washington DC. We're hoping to be a model for the Prochoice Kennedy so be taken to president on next year's a David Selden Neural Sposman. The 30 second ad. How many? The third man called the in-room portrays the bill as Bush's first step like I said only moments ago in my psychic abilities to overturn the 1973 landmark decision. I'll put a woman's right to win the pregnancy. The female announced who says medical privacy is a basic American freedom. That's why the government stays out of the doctor's office. But now President Bush just signed the first federal law that will criminalize safe medical procedures, along with no exception to protect a woman's health and once government is in the door, who knows what they'll do next. Throughout the spot there's the side of a fist pouting on the door of an empty doctor's exam room eventually the fist breaks through the door. Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean, a trained internist yesterday urged Bush not to sign the bill. This law will chill the practice of medicine and endanger the health of countless women before more of her mom governor said in a statement. As we continue in America taking huge gigantic steps into the stony. The first time in America taking huge steps into the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the entire state of the state of state of the state of the state of will still see as well the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the have been today. kings and ziggie palpy and look robotai and et funcia goiam at the 7-3 night the macarina the big oh is on for a decade and i nectar the hockey game and then jua mark overnight two to five but a big oh shrieking a lot of airtime that's pretty not a good sign anyway michael more dude wears my country i say michael more for present talib with opera and howardine all these others and i was for i said the what opra could be the vice president there you go she could be the president of vice to balance the ticket right now she's a little heavy on her hand anyway the first chapter of michael more's book dude wears my country that's seven questions for a w for George w bush i'm just gonna just there's just uh... about sixteen pages here but you know something too bad or sure that's a small book in terms of the size of the most of the pages in addition to which what else we're gonna do say happy birthday to you know i don't want to hear that especially on this birthday when you're sixty one you know what you're old you're almost the senior citizen the only good part of it is when you're a uh... resident of southward least part of the time you're still young that's why hang out once a week in mons condo complex because i'm like a teenager there are you vey and i'm gonna you're not old enough to come in here what was that anyway michael more here's question number one he has for the president and this is right in line with a tape i played from the cbc a question number one is it true that the bin Laden's of at a business relationship with you and your family often on for the past twenty five years mr. bush in nineteen seventy seven when your father told you was time to get a real job he said you up with your first oil company something you called our boosto is Spanish for shrub a year later you received financing from man a man named james a bath he was an old buddy of yours from the days the ones when you weren't a wall in the Texas National uh... erg it takes his air national guard you'd been hired by set solemn bit of bin Laden Osama's brother to invest a bit of his money in various Texas ventures some fifty thousand dollars or five percent of control of our boosto came from mr. band was he acting on behalf of the bin Laden's most Americans might be surprised to learn that you and your father have known a bit of lads for a long time what exactly is the extended this relationship mr. bush are you close personal friends or simply on again off again business associates solemn bin Laden first started coming to Texas in nineteen seventy three and later bought some land build himself a house and created bin Laden aviation at the san Antonio airfield the bin Laden's are one of the wealthiest families in Saudi Arabia at their huge construction firm virtually built the country from the roads and power plants to the skyscrapers and government buildings they built some of the air strips America used in your dance golf war and they renovated the holy sites at mecca and madina billionaires make many times over they soon began investing in other ventures around the world including the u.s. they have extensive business tenies with city group general electric mirror lynch goldman sex and the freemont group a spin off of energy giant back till according to the new yorker the bin Laden family also ones part of microsoft and the airline defense giant Boeing they've donated two million dollars to your alma mater Harvard University three hundred thousand dollars more to tubs University and tens of thousands more to the middle east policy council a think tankated by former US ambassador to Saudi Arabia Charles Freeman in addition to the property of the own in Texas they also have real estate in Florida and Massachusetts insured they had their hands deep in our pants unfortunately as you know Mr. boy solemn bin Laden died in a plane crash in Texas in 1988 his father my ham and also died in a plane crash in 1967 solemn brothers they're around fifty of them including Osama continue to run the family companies and investments after leaving office your father became a highly paid consultant for a company known as the Carlisle group one of the investors in the Carlisle group was none other than the bin Laden family the mid-laudans put a minimum of two million dollars into the Carlisle group until 1994 you had a company called cator air which was owned by the Carlisle group the same year you left a suit of the bankrupt cator air you became governor and quickly oversaw the University of Texas a state institution make an investment of ten million dollars in the Carlisle group to bin Laden family it also got in on the Carlisle gravy train in 1994 the Carlisle group is one of the nation's largest defense contractors among many of other lines of work they don't actually build weapons themselves rather they buy up feeling defense companies turn them around by making them profitable and then sell them her huge sums of money the people who run the Carlisle group are who's who have passed movers and shakers everyone from marble riggins defense secretary frank Carlucci to your dad's secretary of state James Baker to former british prime minister john major Carlucci the head of Carlisle also happens to sit on the board of directors of the Middle East policy council along with a representative of the bin Laden family binis after September 11th the Washington Post in the Wall Street Journal both ran stories pointing out the strange coincidence your first response mr bush was to ignore it i hoping i hoping i guess that the story would just go away your father and his buddies of Carlisle did not renounce to bin Laden investment your army of pundits went into spin control they said we can't pay these bin Laden's were the same brush we use for osama they have disowned osama they have nothing to do with them they hate and despise what he is done they are the good bin Laden's and then the video footage came out it showed a number of those good bin Laden's including osama's mother sister and two brothers with osama at his sons wedding decision half months before 911 it's been reported in the yorker did not only is the family not cut ties with osama but they've continued to fund them as they have been doing for years it was no secret to the CIA that osama bin Laden had asked us to his family fortune is uh shares estimated to be at least thirty million dollars how many but third man and the bin Laden's as well as other Saudis kept osama and his group al-Qaeda well funded mr bush weeks went by after the attacks on the york and the binagan yet your father and his friends at the Carlisle group refused to buckle in their support for the bin Laden empire finally nearly two months after the attacks with more and more people questioning the propriety of the bush family being in bed with a bin Laden's your father and the Carlisle group were pressured in the giving the bin Laden's their millions back and asked and to lead the company as investors lied it this takes so long to make matters worse it turned out that one of bin Laden's brothers shoufik was actually the Carlisle group business conference in Washington DC the morning of 911 the day before the same conference your father and shoufik have been chatting it up with all the other escarlement Carlisle big wigs mr bush what's going on here you've gotten a free ride from the media though they know everything i've just written to be the truth and in fact i've taken it from the very same mainstream news sources they work for they seem unwilling or afraid to ask you a simple question what is going on here in case you don't understand just how bizarre the media silence is regarding the bush bin Laden connections let me draw an analogy on to how the press or congress may have handled something like this if the same shoufik had been on the Clinton foot if after the terrorist attack on the federal building in Oklahoma City it was revealed that president bill Clinton and his family had financial dealings with timid thimic vays family what do you think you were public and party in the media would have done with that one you think at least a couple of questions might have been asked like what is that all about be honest you know the answer they would have asked more than a couple of questions they would have skint Clinton alive and thrown out over his left of his carcass in gitmo so what is this all about mr bush we have a right to know that's question number line by Michael Lamor in dude wears my country a book that everyone you ought to be forced to read or maybe like have somebody though a nice you larger than their pinky we did to you would be good the little eastern world will be exploded atomic people guild with the gas that we sold him first time a treasure nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled To get that oil flowing, forget about Korean The notes they're coaching at the right wing Is drilling it over and over into our head That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction 3,000 people killed are now forgotten Let's exploit them instead Hey, there's oil to be gotten going after Saddam to Plank hate Osama there's no longer mention of The name is loaded but no-in-seaf concerned all Humphrey and complacent believe in every word of this cartel It's administration that controls us by fear through media A manipulation and a right wing is drilling it over and over Into our heads that Iraq has some weapons of past destruction The loss of civil rights is the rights that were payin We're all suspects now not see ash prophecy I have nothing to hide Table partners all are saying I know media and cattle don't have any reservation Out of rogofabble and world annihilation Older she's must-ball and have a virgin in stone With no objection at all Tell the crackdown of the falls and the right wing is drilling it over Into our parade washed hands Iraq has some weapons of past destruction Only I'd like have some weapons of past destruction Thanks Anthony for the good pass who enjoyed hearing At peace from CBC and reminds me the James Baker the very same One with Secretary of State for Bushman the very same one who came down to Florida To help fix the 2000 election for Bush two James Baker is the attorney representing the Saudi family against those The nasty families from 9-11 right the families were losing the victims Like that woman that was on that CBC piece Let's see here's the fact our thanks Jeff called for a had a happy birthday But without putting no calls on here today On a hotline or not thanks Jeff I love you see you soon Here's the fact that says outstanding play at least once a week And also check out information clearinghouse dot info and it's got an article I'm going to put that off to the sign. I'll check it out when and down It's a little return for five links at the top where you can view this duck's documentary I'm going to read a lot more than that right from the lack of more book I'm going all the way through page I mean yeah, I'm not going to read a whole book through page 30 something What a tweet the end of the question number six So I guess I better get back to it Michael more doed wears my country question two These are questions he wants to ask W Question two what is the special relationship between the Bush's and the Saudi world family Mr. Bush to been lambs are not the only Saudis with whom you and your world family have a close personal relationship The entire world family seems to be indebted to you or is it the other way around The number one supplier of oil to the west is the nation of Saudi Arabia possessor of the largest numbers of oil in the world When Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1990 it was really the Saudis next to who felt threatened and was your father George Bush won who came to the rescue The Saudis have never forgotten this and according to a March 2003 article in the New Yorker Some members of the world family consider your family to be part of their extended family High-fab wife of Prince Bondar and the Saudi ambassador to the west says that your mother and father are like my mother and father I knew if I ever needed anything I could come to them she said And his Robert Bear who was a case officer in the CIA's director of operations from 67 to 97 and who was on that CBC report. We just played revealed in his book sleeping with a devil Which I'm gonna buy your dad even has a special name for the Saudi Prince he calls him Bondar Bush And if I can interrupt the reading there was a clip that we saw on one of the Ashley on the PBS news show of days following 9-11 just a couple days later And it showed George W on the one of the balconies at the White House and guess who he was reminiscing with and they're ruminating with and discussing with it was Prince Bondar himself Just a coincidence I guess This relationship as you know, but have never revealed the American people was forged over many years Through his stints in the CIA and his vice president and president your father learned that whenever the dirty work needed to be done The United States could always turn to Saudi Arabia When White House aid Ali North needed money to buy arms for Iran and the Iran Controfer it was the Saudi supervited the 30 million dollars in secret cash How many? About 30 minutes When the CIA needed funds to up the Stroy the Italian Communist Party in 1985 and financed its opponents in the election It was your good friends the Saudis who happily put in 10 million in an Italian bank This was all while dad was VP and he was having the Saudi ambassador over for frequent lunches It is no surprise that the Saudi ambassador is the only diplomat in Washington who receives his own personal State department security detail compliments of the US taxpayers Robert Bay reported that Prince Bondar donated a million dollars to the George Bush presidential library in Newsemen, Texas And a million dollars more to Barbara Bush's literacy program Which I guess the president probably should join up with real soon Even though popping was defeated by Clinton in 1992 the tiger may just as strong your father's car-law grouped a lot of business with the Saudis When it came to weapons procurement the Saudis spend more than $170 billion on armaments in the 1990s and a chunk of the business went through the Carl Al Group Your dad is met with the Saudi world's high many occasions and is traveled to the Iranian Peninsula at least twice since leaving office And stated the role palaces of the House of Saud both times of behalf of the Carl Al Group Prince Bondar was also an investor in the Carl Al Group and he attended your mother 75th birthday party in Ketabunkport It's been a fruitful relationship all around When there was all that nasty stress surrounding the hanging chads in the Florida ballot boxes in late fall of 2000 Your close friend Prince Bondar was there for your family offering his support He took your father on a fess and hunting trip to England. They'll take his mind off all the chaos While the royal family's lawyer your lawyer James Baker went to Florida to direct the battle for the ballots Baker's firm would later represent the Saudi world's and lawsuits against them by the families of 911 victims is Anthony just to remind of us To be fair Mr. Bush, it's not just your family members who are the recipients of these Saudis largest a major chunk of the American economy is built on Saudi money They have a trillion dollars invested in our stock market another trade in sitting in our banks If one day they chose to suddenly remove that money our corporations and financial institutions would be sent into a tailspin Causing any economic crisis the likes of which has never been seen That threat looms every day over our heads and it's something that no one ever wants to talk about Couple that would affect it this one and a half million barrels of oil. We need daily from the Saudis could also vanish on a mirror royal win And we begin to see how not only you, but all of us are dependent on the House of Saud George is this good for our national security or homeland security Who is it good for you pops not us? Here's what I don't get why have you and your father chosen to align yourselves with a country that's considered by most human rights groups to be among the worst and most brutal dictatorships in the world Amnesty international had this to say in its 2003 report on Saudi Arabia Gross human rights violations continued and were exacerbated by the government policy of combating terrorism in the wake of 911 2000 on attacks in the USA The violations were perpetuated by the strictly secret of criminal justice system and the prohibition of political parties trade unions and independent human rights organizations Hundreds of suspected religious activists and critics of the state were arrested and the legal status of most of those were held from previous years remains shrouded in secrecy women continued to self-reserve discrimination torture and ill treatment remained right In 2000 125 people were publicly beheaded many of them in the city of Riyada to place popularly known as chop chop square And I was trying to think of the name of that right couple of so chop chop square After meeting with the Saudi crown prince in April of 2002 you happily told us that the two of you had established a strong personal bond and made you spend a lot of time alone We're trying to reassure us or just like your friendship with a group of rulers who riled the Taliban and there's a person of human rights why the double standard Question number three who attacked the United States on September 11th a guy on dialysis from a cave in Afghanistan or your friends Saudi Arabia I'm sorry Mr. Bush, but something doesn't make sense. You got us all repeating by wrote that it was Osama Vid Laden who was responsible for the attack on the US in September 11th even I was doing it, but then I started hearing strange stories about Osama's kidneys It turns out there've been reports on Osama's health problems for years for example in 2000 the associated press reported a Western intelligence official said Osama suffering from kidney and liver disease Been Laden has kidney failure and his liver is going the official said he said bin Laden's followers were trying to find a kidney dialysis machine for their ailing leaders After 9-11 he's reports escalated. I was watching hardball with Chris Matthews one item MSNBC in one of the guests to Taliban expert said Osama bin Laden the Pirathani dialysis treatment for his kidney problem So he's got to be close to some dialysis. He can't really travel far did he just say dialysis The world's biggest monster the most sinister evil man on all planet earth and he can't even piss in a pot without help I don't know about you, but if I'm to be seriously frightened by an evil door especially the top evil door I want that evil door to have all his bodily functions working 110 percent. I want him strong scary and omnipresent and the possessor of two working kidneys How am I supposed to be supporting all these homeland security measures when the lead bad guys flat out on table somewhere hooked up to a kidney machine Suddenly I don't know who are what to trust. I started to ask other questions. How could a guy sitting in a cave and have Ganisdan hooked up to dialysis have directed and overseen the actions of nine's in terrorist for two years in the US and then plotted so perfectly the hijacking of four planes and then guaranteed a three of them would add up precisely on their targets. How did Osama do this? I mean I can't get this computer to stop crashing every time I touch the word gingivitis. I can't get a cell signal from here to Queens and he's supposed to pull off all of 9-11 from his little cave 10,000 miles away. What was he doing then when we started the bombing over there was he running from cave to cave and have Ganisdan with his tubes and dialysis machine training behind him or maybe there was a dialysis machine and every third cave and have Ganisdan. Yeah, that's it a real modern country Afghanistan It has about 15 miles of railroad track and a lot of dialysis machines I guess None of this is to say that Osama isn't a bad ear even that he didn't have something to do with the attacks But it seems that maybe if you journalist might want to ask a few common sense questions like how could he have really pulled this off all his skin was turning green And he was living in a country with no kinkos, no FedEx is no ATMs. How did he organize communicate control and supervise this kind of massive attack with two cans of string? Yes, we're told by you to believe it the two cans and a string. We're told by you to believe it the headlines blurred at the first day and they blurred the same way now two years later Terrorist attack the United States terrorists. I wondered about this word for sometimes so George Lemme ask you this question George W. If 15 of the 19 hijackers in the North Korean and they killed 3,000 people do you think they had lines the next day might read North Korea a test the United States of course it would Or if it had been 15 Iranians or 15 Libyans or 15 Cubans, I think the conventional wisdom would have been Iran or Libby or Cuba, Tassah America Yet when it comes to 9-11 have you ever seen the headline have you ever heard in newscaster have you at a point He's ever out of the word Saudi Arabia a tethy United States of course you haven't and so the question must be asked why not Why when Congress releases its own investigation into 9-11 you must have worse sense about 28 pages that deal with the Saudis role in the attack What is behind your apparent refusal look at one country that seems to be producing the terrorist that have killed our citizens? I'd like to throw out a possibility here what of September 11th wasn't the terrorist attack or rather a military attack against the United States? What if the 19 were well trained soldiers they elite of the elite on questioning their duty to obey their commanders orders that they lived in this country for nearly two years And we're not discovered that takes a certain amount of discipline the discipline of a soldier not the erratic behavior of some wild eye terrorists We gotta do a break And then when we come back I'll continue how do you like that? I like it a lot 156 formats still loaded 560 QIN 156 156 156 156 156 156 156 156 156 156 156 156 156 156 157 156 256 146 146 146 156 156 156 146 156 And he has the reason for keeping us in the dark. I know but I've got to keep us in the dark. We've got an interest at home. No need, no civil rights. If you have nothing to hide. We'll just relax and work that out and watch the old fool. Why think in her long-ass journey away, though it'll be you? We're burn and we're burn and we're burn and our truth. We're burn and we're burn and our truth. Kevin Neil, if this sports day should once in the scar. I'll give you the score, it's around 4 p.m. There's a score. 12.02.05.60 WQM getting back to a Michael Moore dude Where's my country? Let's take a look at the pull result for a stoke shall we? Okay. What's your take on a Iraq War we're asking today on theorajers.com? 63% of you, George W. Bush would be impeached. 273.63% out of 433 votes. Let's say the course it'll take time. 69.15.9%. I want the troops to come home 54. We need to send more troops for our security 19. Rumsfield should be fired 11. I don't care about any of it. 7.7. 7.7. That's the number points they got in that game to the night. Red Scott? Yep. 7. Anyway, getting back to a Michael Moore and Doorajers my country, which you must go out and buy several copies today and force people to time up in a chair, or just prop their eyes open with toothpicks like in a clockwork orange. Make a watch to the CDC documentary and then read the book to them. Anyway, he says George W. apparently you were a pilot once, how hard is it to hit a five-store building in more than 500 miles an hour? The Pentagon is only five-storey's high. At 500 miles an hour had the pilot spinoffed by just a here they'd have been in the river. You don't get this skill by learning how to fly jumbo jets by being taught on a video game, machine at some dipshmit flight training school in Arizona. You're learning to do this in the Air Force, someone's Air Force, the Saudi Air Force? What if these weren't wacko terrorists but military pilots who signed onto a suicide mission? What if they were doing this at the behest of either the Saudi government or certain discredal members of the Saudi royal family? The House of Saad, according to Robert Beer's book, is full of them and the royal family and the country is an incredible turmoil. There's much dissension over how things are being run and with a king incapacitated by a Stokey suffered in 1995, his brothers and numerous sons have been in a serious power struggle. Some favor cutting off all ties to the West, some on the country to go to the more fundamentalist route. After all this was Osama's originally stated goal, his first beef awesome with America was with a way Saudi Arabia was being run by Muslims who weren't true Muslims. There were now thousands of princes in the royal family and many of the service of committed the Saudi Arabia's on the brink of civil war are perhaps a people's revolution. You can only be head so many of your citizens and then be forelongly lose their heads and go crazy and overthrow your ass. That's what is on the to-do list for many Saudi citizens these days and the girls are circling the wagons. A 1999 article in the political journal Foreign Affairs pretty much spelled out why, like Pakistan, Saudi Arabia would like to leave Bin Laden in Afghanistan. His arrest in trial in the US could be highly embarrassing exposing his continuing relationship with sympathetic members of the ruling elites and intelligent services of both countries. So did certain factions within the Saudi royal family execute the attack on 911, where these provisets trained by the Saudis, one thing we do know, nearly all the hijackers were Saudis and they apparently were able to enter the US legally thanks in part to the special arrangements set up by our state department of the Saudi government that allowed Saudis to get quicky visas without going through the normal vetting process. Mr. Bush, why are the Saudis we see bread carpet treatment? Sure we need their royal and yes they received the same kissy face welcome from all the presidents before you but why if you blocked attempts to dig deeper into the Saudi connections? Why do you refuse to say Saudi Arabia attacked the United States? Mr. Bush, does this have anything to do with your family's post personal relationship with the ruling family of Saudi Arabia? I would like to think that's not possible but what's your explanation? That it was just some nut in a cave who just happened to be on dialysis? And after you couldn't find this nut, why did you try to convince us that Saudim Hussein had something to do with 911 in Al-Qaeda when you were specifically told by your intelligence people that there was no connection? Why are you so busy protecting the Saudis when you should be protecting us? Question number four, why did you allow a private Saudi jet to fly around the US in the days after 911 and to pick up members of the bin Laden family and then let them fly out of the country without a proper investigation by the FBI? Mr. Bush, not that this is personal or anything but I was stranded in Los Angeles on the morning of 911. I scrambled to find a rental car and then drove 3,000 miles to get back home, all because traveling by air was forbidden in the days following the attack. Yet members of the bin Laden family were allowed to fly in private jets, Chris Crossing America as they prepared to leave the country. Can you explain that to me? Private jets out of the supervision of the Saudi government and with your approval were allowed to fly around the skies of Erk and pick up 24 members of the bin Laden family and take them to a secret assembly point in Texas. They then flew to Washington, DC and then on to Boston. Finally on September 18 they were all flown to Paris out of reach of any US officials, interrogation other than a few questions at the FBI asked them and request to check you out. And request to check each of their passports before leaving. One FBI agent I spoke to told me that the FBI was furious that they weren't allowed to keep the bin Laden's of the country to conduct a real investigation. The kind of police like to do when they're trying to track down a murderer. Usually the police like to talk to the family members of the suspect to learn what they know, who they know, and how they might help capture the fugitive. None of the normal procedures were followed. This is mind-boggling. Here you have two dozen bin Laden's on American soil Mr. Bush and you come up with some lame excuse that you were worried about their safety. Might it have been possible that at least one of the 24 bin Laden's would have possibly known something? Or maybe just one of them could have been convinced to help track Osama down. Nope, not of that. So while thousands were stranded and couldn't fly if you could prove you were a close relative of the biggest mass murder in US history, you got a free trip to gay Perry. Of course the bin Laden's have been your business associates and why wouldn't you do a little favor for some old family friends. But to use the Clinton analogy again, imagine the hours after the Oklahoma City bombing, Bill Pint and suddenly started worrying about the safety of the McVay family up in Buffalo, and then arranged a free trip for them out of a country. What would you and the Republicans have said about that? Suddenly a stain on a blue dress probably wouldn't have been a top priority for a witch I would have. With all that was happening in the days after 9.11, how did you find the time to even begin thinking about protecting people of name bin Laden? I'm amazed at your ability to multitask. As if in Lads over America, air Laden wasn't enough. The Tampa Tribune reported that the authorities also found the time to help even more Saudis. Apparently another Saudi jet this one a private lear jet arranged by a private hangar owned by the fence contractor Raytheon, which also happens to be a hefty GOP donor, was allowed to fly from Tampa on September 13 during the air travel lockdown. To Lexington Kentucky drop off some members of the Saudi royal family to be with other Saudi worlds who may have been Kentucky looking at horses. Two body guards for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers were hired to travel along on the flight and they told their story to the Tampa Tribune about how the pilot revealed to them upon returning to Tampa that they had still another run to make the Louisiana. Why Mr. Bush was this loud to happen? Our frightened nation struggled to get through those days after 9.11. Yet in the sky above us to bid Laden's and Saudi worlds jet at home, I think we deserve an explanation. And you know what I decided? There's like three more questions I'm going to read them all through page 30. I like that. Oh right. Yeah. Because I know most people either they don't have time or they're lazy or they don't have the how much is this book cost 25 bucks to out and buy the book. Or for whatever reason. All of you are not going to go out and read it themselves. So they need to be forced to run and on my birthday. And like I said, there's some people out there. This is terminalist is boring. It's no fun. But you know what? All those kids over there dying in Iraq is no fun either. And all those 3,000 people who died for no den. Good reason 9.11 was no fun either. And what's going on in America today is no fun because the American public are like gelo-brained. And they're being fed a constant diet of gelo. You picked a flavor man. Do you like raspberry? No, it's probably. Well there's a raspberry for all president and they know I's too charged. 9 minutes past noon at 5.60. WCM, you know if you wear a muskware on your head or some other dead farm animal like a weasel. You get a lot of raspberries. Everybody looks like falls down laughing. Like the moment. In fact, that's why I stayed home today. The rumor is as weasel right away from home. Absolutely. If you're tired of all the phony you look in hairpieces. If you're tired of hearing all the ads for all the other phony gimmicks like holes in the head and dangerous pills that go to anything you said. Take the money out of your wallet. Here's the answer to help you get your hair back. Chuck Alfie or his natural hairline system make a long story short. Charlie is the best in the business. Using the latest technology, Charlie produces sensational results. And it makes it look like it's really your hair like it's growing out of your scalp. Instead of something from the sky and camped out on your head. For over 25 years now, Charlie's been helping the famous the infamous and everybody in between. Look the best they possibly can better when younger than most of them ever dreamed they could again. And if you don't love the way it looks in feels, Charlie gives you this guarantee after 30 days. How many? God, third man. Charlie give you a full refund. If you're not getting all the action you could ever use and then some and don't love the way it is doing it for you. So call today and get your hair back from Chuck Alfie or maybe you sure mentioned my name because if you do, you get an extra $200 near Rogers discount. Here's the toll free number to call to get that hair back. It's 1-800-3-214-13. Or give more info on our world-finding website, Charles Alfie-Ori.com. And look, this is Fortory of I-60. We can weigh him. Okay ABC News with a one-on-one interview with Gubanitorial Hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm sorry. Excuse my apologies. What do you apologize for? I'm not following you. For everything Kimberly Plama K. B. C. News. I'm sorry. To the people of California. For what? Those bad movies you make? No. Although if you don't like them, I'm sorry Kimberly Plama K. B. C. News. I'm sorry for this. You just touched my boobies. That was a demonstration Kimberly Plama. I'm sorry. Well don't do your demonstrations on me, Mr Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize. You're very whiny. Go ahead with your questions. Well you're very touchy-feely. I apologize. Ah! Excuse me. But did you just touch my arm? That was a demonstration Kimberly Plama K. B. C. News. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California. And I believe you should. I'm sorry. I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them. Excuse me, but we are not an object. Mariccio Anne-Eda. What? Your Anne-Eda, may I see it? I don't think I have an anteater. You haven't anteater, right here? Ah! That's your Anne-Eda. I can't believe you just put your hand. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh! Do they kiss? Yeah! Good for you Kimberly Plama. You want me now, don't you? Yeah. Let us have your Anne-Eda. Oh! But you're... You're... Hello, ma'am. I'm sorry. I apologize. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor. Here are for my lover, vote for me. There! Why is it purple? I eat grapes. I'm a grape either. Put me level. 1215 at 560WCM. And back, there probably changed a lot in between now in 2008. They're already working on it. Yeah. So that somebody who's a father was an Asian Austria can actually be the president of the US. In 2008 and 2012 there's eight more years, baby. President Arnold. Anybody message with us? We'll terminate him. Anyway, getting back to the Michael Moore book, question number five he's got for George W. Why are you protecting the second men and rights of potential terrorists? Mr. Bush in the days after 911, the FBI began running a check to see if any of the 1806 suspects defends his rounded up in the first five days after the attack had purchased any guns in the month leading up to 911. Using the instant background checks files for gun purchase, purchased his credit under the Brady bill, the FBI immediately found through the suspects had indeed purchased weapons. When your attorney general John Ascroff heard about this, he immediately shut down the search. He told the FBI that the background check files could not be used for such a search, and these files were only to be used at the time of purchase of a gun, not to find that information on law-biting gun-toting citizens. So the FBI was prohibited by Ascroff from doing any further investigation as to whether those detain, because they were possible associates of the hijackers, had procured any weapons in the 90 days leading up to that feed-fold day. Why? Why? Because even though all their other rights have been thrown out to window, your administration insisted that they still had one constitutional right that you were willing to protect their sacred second amendment right to bear arms and for the government not to know about it. Mr. Bush, you can't be serious. Is your administration so gun-toting in the pocket of the NRA that even though you have not given a nanosecond of thought to protect the rights of any of the irrevermercans you've arrested, detained and harassed in the past two years, when it comes to their gun rights, then all of a sudden you're the biggest defender of constitutional rights and civil liberties that the nations ever seen? You realize that when most Americans figure out you've protected potential terrorists by styming a legitimate political investigation, they're going to run you and Dick and Reverend John Audit Dodge with their own six shooters of ballot boxes of blazing. I guess none of this would come as a surprise considering what Mr. Ascroff was up to in the summer 2001. Instead of protecting the country from events like the one that was about to take place, the Attorney General was busy trying to dismantle the National Instant Criminal Packron Check System. He said that the government should not be keeping a database on gun owners and want the law changed so that the files were kept for only 24 hours. The Senate and the public didn't find out about Ascroff's orders to stop the search for terrorist gun files until December 2001 when Ascroff not only probably admitted to doing this in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee. But when on to attack anyone who would question his actions to predict the hijackers gun rights, he told the panel that critics of his anti-terror practices were providing ammunition to America's enemies to those who's who's scare peace loving people with phantoms of lost liberty. My message is this, your tactics only aid terrorists he said. But who was the one eating the terrorist Mr. Bush and Attorney General who wouldn't let the FBI do its job? And Attorney General who won't let the police thoroughly investigate what the terrorist grew up to including purchasing of weapons? At that same Senate hearing Mr. Ascroff held up what he said was an alcada training manual. In this manual he warned alcada terrorists are told how to use America's freedom as a weapon against us on one point on this point he was correct. One of the freedoms alcada apparently relics is our second amendment. Another alcada pamphlet that was originally found in terrorists safe houses in Afghanistan heaps praise on the United States. Obviously Ascroff missed all of the beautiful irony. Here's what this alcada training manual says. In some countries of the world especially the USA fire arms training is available to the general public. Once you've tried to join a shooting club if possible and make regular visits to the firing range there are many firearms courses available to the public in the USA ranging from one day to two weeks or more. Useful courses to learn our sniping general shooting other rifle courses hand gun courses are useful only after you've mastered rifles. Another countries for example some states of the USA and South Africa it's perfectly legal for members of the public to own certain types of firearms. If you live in such a country of 10 in assault rifle legally preferably in AK-47 of variations learn how to use it properly and go on practice in the areas allow for such training. Respect allows for the country written and avoid dealing in illegal firearms, Lunk and learn to operate many arms legally so there's no need to spend years in prison for dealing in small illegal firearms. Learn the most you can to corny your circumstances and leave the rest when you actually go for Jehyde. So Mr. Bush alcada apparently is plotting to use one of our freedoms the right to bear arms against this. I truly love how you've rounded up hundreds of people grabbing them off the streets without notice throwing them in prison cells unable to contact lawyers or family. And then for the most part shipping them out of the country on mirror immigration charges. You can wave their fourth amendment protection from on lawful search and seizure. They're six amendment rights to an open trial by jury of their peers and the right to counsel and their first amendment right to speak assembled a sentence practice their religion. You believe you have the right to trash all of these rights but when it comes to the second amendment right to own AK-47. Oh no! That right they can have and you'll defend their right to have it even after you've flown a they flown a plane into a building until a bunch of people. When this very first broke and actually got worried that it wouldn't spin the right way to the public to vast majority of whom on stronger gun laws. So you try to adjust the department spokeswoman to explain to us that the decision had been reached by senior justice officials after they had done a exhaustive study of the law. Among among those spin-mites was Mr. Viet Din, the assistant attorney general for legal policy, Din's justification for blocking the background checks. According to the New York Times, Mr. Din ruled that these texts were improper reasoning that they would violate the privacy of these foreigners. Yes, when it comes to guns, finally the rights of foreigners come for something. But in July 2002 the truth came out of the general accounting office released a Justice Department's actual legal opinion on the matter. Did an October 1st 2001 report that your attorney general apparently suppressed? What did it say? That the Justice Department's legal advisors had ruled that get this. There was nothing wrong with the using gun background files to check if a suspected terrorist had purchased a gun. Did you read that, Mr. Bush? I'll underline it and put it in bigger type so you can read it nice, slow and easy. There's nothing wrong with looking to see if a suspected terrorist bought a gun. Nothing wrong. How shocking? Who else other than you and John Ascrad will think that it's a crime to find out if alleged terrorist were buying guns? The GA also reported that 97% of illegally purchased guns that were initially approved and then taken back once a mistake was realized would not have been detected if the gun check records have been destroyed in 24 hours rather than 90 days. Your administration talks to the phantoms of lost liberty. Tell that to the men and women who were thrown in jail not because they were terrorists but because they were Muslims. And tell me why you think you have the right to find out what books they suspected terrorist is reading but not what guns he might be packing. Who Mr. Bush is really eating the terrorist here? Okay question number six is coming up. Oh man. Oh man. Nothing. I'm just on. I think I'm not the more has got my 10 votes for president. I'm spitting blood over here. Are you really? Well, well, how's God look at him? Look at up Scott. What's your take on your record as our poll question on eorangers.com towards WMVMPached 62.8% 306 out of 47. Let's say the course it'll take time 77.15.8%. I want the troops to come home 61. We need to send more troops for security 24. Rumsfeld should be fired 11. I don't care about any of it. Eight eight hurricane fans. Like that. They don't care Larry Coker. No matter what you say no matter what you do you ain't gonna make them care and by the way give me the ball give me the ball. You know what a custa having your carpets clean there's only one name you need to be thinking about that's dry concepts. They've been business for over 20 years. They've been cleaning my carpets for well over 20 years. There's a number one carpet cleaning company in the universe. I was the holiday season right around the corner. There was never a better a smarter time than right now to have those carpets clean eliminating the schmutz the oil and germs that have settled deep into your carpets over the summer months. Dry concepts at the state is by which all the others have to follow beautifying your home leaving your carpet sparkling clean. The hybrid and colorants off to the touch. In order to get dry concepts treats expensive or innocent rape rate the same way. Dry concepts at this end are school and certified by the Institute of Inspection cleaning and restoration which means they know exactly what they're doing. They know their crap. Perfecting dry concepts they're cleaning method leaves your carpets dry and just two hours and not two days. I mean you're ready to rock and roll in no time at all. So bring your carpets back to life just in Tampa to holidays. By calling my good friends at dry concepts tool free and don't forget to give your written guaranteed price upfront before they start to job. Here's the number to call tool free it's 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 call today and see how you can say 15% on your next carpet cleaning don't forget to slow it and dry concepts and not just to slow in its reality clean today and retain that calm tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 5 and local of the species by 60 3 0 your is a bit Dr Fel the element way solution is number one and New York trust the best selling book in a mirror and there's not one thing in that book that is grounded in the scientific literature. Dr Phil off the top of his head and he jerk advice exactly let's go to your calls could delay in Idaho hello. Hi, what's the question Dr Phil I just started a new diet my doctor gave me. Any words of wisdom you are going to fail. You're not going to get back to that way Tampa flana hello. Hey guys, hello one second. I'm opening up a box of Twinkie Twinkies. First step what's the question? I said hold on a second. I'm reading a Twinkie. Great. How's the question? Do you know how late the dairy queen is open 24 hours day seven days away. I've been for revenge one more call wins low man. Hello. Dr Phil both my current works. I have to fix a lot of my own meals. What should I have for breakfast ice cream cookie. Are you sure no question about it? I teach you said I said a fruit or cereal or something bad idea or that's not healthy. That's not good. We'll be back with more Dr Phil the element way solution number one on the New York Times list court. No calls after that not just a drilling guy who but a fat drilling guy who with a diet book. Nice going Dr Phil who the funky. The company nine is five sixty w two and don't have time for a for vola to hear because I got to get you a page forty here to the rest of these questions you got in what's a question. Number six Michael will want to know from George W where you were where the wide you were governor Texas the Taliban travel taxes to meet with your oil and gas company friends. Mr. Bush. I don't know what compelled me to type in some keywords one night on the BBC website, but there was punching in the words Taliban and Texas and low on the whole look what popped up on my computer at BBC story from December of 1997. Taliban to Texas for pipeline talks. The Taliban is you know where it's been to come to Texas while you were governor of the state. According to the BBC the Taliban went through to meet with unicale the huge oil and energy giant to discuss unicales is air to build a natural gas pipeline running from Turkmenistan to Taliban controlled Afghanistan into Pakistan. Mr. Bush what was this all about. According to London's telegraph online your old company friends rolled off the red carpet for some of the world's most notorious murderous thugs and showed them a real good down home Texas time. First in Taliban leaders spent a few days in shiverland Texas enjoying the pleasures of western extravagance the all men put up the brutal bastards in a five star hotel took them to the zoo and of course the NASA space center. Houston we have a problem apparently never crossed your mind even though the Taliban were perhaps the most repressive fundamental fund of my list raise you on a planet. If the reverse had happened they were hosting you in Kabul the entertainment would have been the hanging of women who didn't keep themselves covered from head to toe that would have been some barbecue huh. After Texas the Taliban dictators moseeed on over to Washington DC with a met with Carl indefirth assistant secretary state for south Asian affairs. Then they went to Omaha with the University of Nebraska vential equated a special training program for Afghanistan to teach them how to build pipelines all paid for by your friends at unicale. During one of their visits there in May of 98 two Taliban members this time in the US sponsored by Clinton State Department took in some more sites including the Badlands National Park the crazy horse memorial Gerald Ford's birthplace and Mount Rushmore. Yes it was an amazing amount of hospitality a fine example of American goodwill in our big generous hearts or our love of money and cheap energy heck if the prices right will give anybody a chance. As you know in the former Soviet republics east of the cast be in sea there are hundreds of billions of dollars worth of natural gas and we'll just waiting to be tapped. Everyone was trying to get it in on the Russian US government was more than eager to help them even President Clinton was all for the idea of the unicale pipeline. The trick to getting our hands at all this booty was invading the Russians to it and we had a fight away to access it without having to build a pipeline through hostile Iran. So while unicale came up with the idea of running a pipeline through Afghanistan and Iran had been working on their own plan to bring gas from Turkmenistan and pipe it under the cast be in sea into Turkey. The US government actually paid for Enron's feasibility study and ran with so busy with neighbouring use beckos than were was trying to strike deals to develop natural gas fields there in late 1996 Unicale began looking into Uzbekistan and its pipeline deal heading through Afghanistan into Pakistan. And then you must have bush decided to get in on the action. You met personally with Uzbekistan's ambassador on behalf of Enron. Enron Chairman Kenle and it leder to you and prior to the meeting with this little bondmott. I know you and ambassador Safayev will have a productive meeting which a result in a friendship between Texas and Uzbekistan sincerely. Ken. What role exactly did you play in the U.S. with the Taliban? I'm guessing you knew that the leaders of a foreign country were visiting your state and meeting with people who were donors to your campaign. So my exactly were brutal dictators being wind and dined in your state when you seem to be so against brutal dictators. Of course to be fair you weren't the only one trying to help out is make a buck from what is believed to be the world's last fast untapped reserves of oil and gas. There was the Clinton White House, Henry Kissner and another former Secretary of State Alexander Hague all of them willing to lend a hand. And of course there was Dick Cheney. Cheney was then the CEO of the giant oil services company Haliburton. When not building Jails in Guantanamo Bay ignoring massive human rights violations in order to do business with Burma and working deals with Libya, Iran and Saddam Hussein's Iraq, which Haliburton did happily in the 90s. Haliburton built and still builds oil and gas pipelines. In 1998 your future co-president Mr. Cheney had this to say about the situation that part of the world. I can't think of a time when we've had a region emerge as suddenly to become strategically significant as the cast-pian. It's almost as if the opportunities have arisen overnight. And in talk to the Kato Institute the same year he revealed this information about Haliburton, about 70 to 75% of our businesses energy related, serving customers like Unicale, Exxon, Shell, Shervan and many other major world companies around the world. As a result we often times find ourselves operating in some very difficult places. The good Lord didn't see fit to put oil and gas only where there are democratically elected regimes friendly to the US. Occasionally we have to operate in places where all things considered we would normally not choose to go but we go where the businesses. Yes, there certainly was business in Afghanistan. After the Soviets were repelled to the end their occupation of Afghanistan by US back Mujahideen fighters like Osama bin Laden, the US quickly forgot about Afghanistan and let chaos take over. The country plunged in the Civil War when the Taliban rose to power in the mid-90s they were met with absolute glee in Washington. Initially the Taliban were thought to be following the US-approved Saudi-Rabin model of good government, strong handed oppression while giving the rest of the West what it needed. This made them a country we could play ball with. Quickly however their murderous ways came to light and American political leaders began to back off. But not the all companies. Unicale stuck at other plunged on with their pipeline deal with the Taliban, teaming up with Saudi-owned Delta Oil. Delta is headed by a man named Muhammad Hussein Al-Amudi who has been investigated for ties to Osama bin Laden. It didn't seem to bother either party that Osama bin Laden taken a presence in Afghanistan with the Taliban's blessing in 1996. The same year he first called for his holy war against the United States. That kill all the Americans, Jehaid tucked in by the your close friends at Enran either. In addition to their plan to pipe the Kaspians' natural gas all the way to the Mediterranean, and as associates were are also hard to work on another great scam. They were building a giant natural gas powered energy plant in Doble India, the Doble plant like everything else in Ron served on a popular campaign was a titanic rip-off. And who better to screw the, than the indigent people, who better to screw the indigent people of India than the same company's students on American employees and customers in Rond. But George I'm curious about something else here, can you tell me if I was just coincidence that in Ron and you were in the same region, region, one building an actual gas power plant and the other building an actual gas pipeline, where there's something else going on here? See, this is how it looks to me, and please George feel free to tell me if I'm wrong. UNICAL would pay off the town of Ann to build their pipelines for Afghanistan in the Pakistan. It would end planning to build an extension on that pipeline that would run into Indian stop at New Delhi. About the same time, N-ROM was playing the build a pipeline from Dhabol to New Delhi, where of course, it could meet up with the Turkmen pipeline bringing UNICAL and N-ROM together. An alternate UNICAL plan had the pipeline terminating at the Arabian Sea in Pakistan, where the gas could be exported. N-ROM's Dhabol plant would have been a quick tanker right away. But that was some of the two American embassies in Africa, and that was enough for President Clinton to decide, you know, longer wanted anything to do with Afghanistan, who responded to been ladden by firing missiles into a student's aspirin factory, and a deserted Al-Qaeda training camp in Afghanistan. I guess one thing you and every other business student learned in school is that once your country bombs the country you're trying to do business with, the deal is pretty much off. So two days later UNICAL suspended their involvement with the Taliban to build a pipeline in Afghanistan and pulled out of the deal completely three months later. Suddenly the Taliban route billions of dollars money they'd desperately needed to fund their regime and protect bin Laden. I'm not certain but I would guess Mr. Boestet to Taliban were mighty pissed off at UNICAL and the Americans for going back on such a lucrative deal. One thing I do know about these crazy Taliban, they hold some mean grudges. But one thing was clear to your friends at Enron and UNICAL and Halibut and Mr. Boestet, the Taliban and Osama and bin Laden really screwed up business with these two terrorist acts and Clinton shut the deal down. So as long as the Taliban were around and giving a home to Osama that pipeline would never be built, what would be the solution? A new president wouldn't hurt. I'll let me do the break. Just a couple of pages more to go and then enough of the reading. You know, I'm saying too much. We can read it. No. I agree. I agree with your response. No. 22 till 1 at 560 WQM happy birthday to me. I'm giving myself a birthday president. Maybe some of the people in the audience with an IQ larger than a pinball. Was it? Here's some big newsroomer from our good friends, Joe Prieto and Tom Limit and Halibut Potty Act GMC. They've been just voted number one Potty Act GMC dealer when they'd county and customers satisfaction. They want to thank all their loyal customers for their support over 35 plus years now. They've been in the same location doing it right. Right now stop by Halibut and check out the Potty Act V normally retails for over 20 grand but you can buy right now fully loaded for just 16 5 plus tax and tag at Halibut Potty Act GMC. Alexey Truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from including the UConn and UConn something and come and soon the new and on-voi SUV the most unique SUV and a market. And of course as always they're great Neil deals waiting for it today. Tomorrow next so because every day at Halibut Potty Act GMC, 134-01 South Fixie Highway, they're legendary location on US one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more information called the Neil Rogers Neil the Elhotline tool for A, 1-Trivalate 5344-4-411. That's 1-Trivalate 5344-411 keep in mind. All offers something to credit to provost the folks at Halibut Potty Tales. They'll explain it to you. Halibut Potty Act GMC unlike the QM sales department they are, professional grip. They'rendaki with each book from above and they're always But if you lay it by, what's really ending? How dogs look love you, beautiful, like a yellow light Does I hide the corporate feeling alive? And that's why we have a yellow light That's explained, and the feeling of what these like to We're cheap that is done with the set of the tent And the rules start to go And in the cup they want to jump out and you'll say I've a yellow light that's at hand Something they catch a fire, that's a light We have a yellow light of each night We have a yellow light of each night Part 43 at five, 60WM So If you want to do something nice on my birthday instead of calling Happy birthday to you L, or crappy birthday, or just be an smart ass Go to thearagys.com and after producing, voting on a poll and producing all the stories, punch up the abandoned pair rescue thing there and get some of our best in the emergency. Nice. And then a good idea. As a birthday gift and exchange for all of work I'm doing here on my birthday. I couldn't just come in here and say for far, happy birthday to you. Oh, yeah. Well, it happens every year. It's working of course. It's a lot of people. Well, many people who have nothing else to say. Nobody wants to hear that. Speaking of the best of, our van hit tomorrow is that the mobile gas station in the southeast corner shared in 1951 with the lovely Miguel and all of our best of merchandise. Including our new 2002 2003, your larger best of CD and the more hard day to the key chains and whatever other crap we got to. Love it. I'm going to Mara on a netty good time to pick up some stuff and at that point you can say, hey, I'd be sure to tell me a happy birthday or a up your step. I want to get back to it. Getting back to Michael Moore. I think I'd have back up just for the continuity of this. Okay, just a couple of senses. One thing was clear to your friends at Enron and Unicae, and Halibut and Mr. Bush, the Taliban and Enron, some have been law and reading school business up of these two terrorist acts and Clinton shot the deal though. So as long as the Taliban were around giving a home to Al-Sama, that pipeline would never be built, what would be the solution? A new president wouldn't hurt? Clinton was never going to let Unicae, Halibut and Enron be in business with these terrorists, so Enron became one of the biggest contributors to your campaign to one seat the Clinton Corps access. Cheney hired to pick your vice president and ended up picking himself. Then he picked a bunch of your dad's friends for the other top spots and you said, okay, you've had a putt in president by the Supreme Court. And then you were to not have to submit the Taliban came in on you door. They still wanted those billions from the pipeline deal. Six days after Cheney set up his secret energy tech for task course, the London Times reported that the Taliban were offering to work out a deal with the new administration that would have involved kicking Osama out of Afghanistan and had this conveyed to you. Everyone was looking for a little quid pro quo and it just so happened that you'd installed Zalme Kallazak Khalil Zahra for me to count consultant in your administration. Khalil Zahra now a member of Condolese Arrises National Security Council had attended the dinner for the Taliban during the Unicale meetings in Texas. In October of 1996, the U.S. had told Time Magazine that the Taliban are not into exporting revolution nor are they hostile to the U.S. To sweeten the pot, the Taliban had recently joined America's war on drugs. As Afghanistan was responsible for 75% of the world's poppy crop, the prime ingredient of heroin, this was good news to you. The Taliban banned all poppy cultivation after an international delegation traveled to the country and declared that poppy free, you wasted no time in granting $43 million in humanitarian aid to the ravaged country. The aid was to be distributed by international organizations. This is the kind of aid that a government has almost always refused to give to places like Cuba and a host of other countries in the past, but suddenly the Taliban were okay. Of course, the Taliban still had huge stockpiles of heroin sitting around in warehouses which they continued to sell. If you're pretty much control the market for an in-demand substance and then you drastically cut the availability of that product, even a failed business man like you, George, could see what would happen, prices go up up. As foreign policy in focus has reported, then a key to over heroin went from $44 bucks to $700. And that's all pure profit in your evil, freedom-hating pocket if you're the Taliban. According to various reports representatives of your administration met with the Taliban, or conveyed messages to them during the summer of 2001. However those messages Mr. Bush, we discussed in the offer to hand over bin Laden, we are threatening them with use of force, we are talking them about a pipeline, did you in your administration as one former CIA operative suggested to the Washington Post, follow a chance to get bin Laden into American custody? Whatever the case the talks continued until just days before 9.11. There would be no pipeline, the Taliban were out the loot, and the companies who supported you and now lost millions themselves on all that prep that went to this lucrative pipeline, what was going to happen next? Well we know what happened, two planes took down a world trade center, another one crashed in the Pentagon of fourth plane went down in Pennsylvania. And you decided to protect our freedom by taking some of our freedoms away, then we swooped into Afghanistan and sent the Taliban their al-Qaeda buddies running, which was a hell of a lot easier than catching them, most of the big shots escaped. On return Afghanistan over to Unicale, the new American ambassador to Afghanistan, Unicale consult a national security council member, saw McColle Osad, and the newly American installer of Afghanistan former Unicale Staffer, Hamid Karzai. On December 27, 2001, Turkmenistan had Afghanistan and Pakistan signed a pipeline deal. The gas will eventually throw from the Casby and sea region and all your friends will be happy. Something doesn't smell right here, Mr. Bush, but it can't be the natural gas, natural gas is odorless. And finally question number seven at Michael Moore would like to ask George W. Bush? What exactly was that look on your face in the Florida classroom on a morning of September 11th when your chief of staff told you, America is under attack. On the afternoon of September 10, he flew down to Florida, staying in an upscale Sarasota resort you had dinner with your brother, Javan, and then went to sleep. In the morning you took a jog on a golf course and then headed the Booker Elementary to read a little to read to little children. You're left to resort between 8.38 and 8.40 a.m. A good 10 to 20 minutes after the FAA knew they had hijacked planes in the air, no one bothered to tell you. You arrived at the school after the first plane hit the North Tower in New York City. Three months later you told a third grader at a town hall meeting in Orlando that you were sitting outside the classroom waiting to go in and I saw an airplane hit the tower. The TV was obviously un- and I used to fly myself and I said, well there's one terrible pilot. I said it must have been a horrible accident, but I was whisked off there I didn't have much time to think about it. You repeated the same story a month later at another town hall gathering in California. The only problem with the story is that you didn't see the first plane hit the tower, no one saw live on TV as the tape was near until the next day, but that's okay we were all confused that morning. You entered the classroom around 9 a.m. in the second plane hit the South Tower at 903 a.m. Just a few minutes later as you were sitting in front of the class of kids listening to them read, your chief of staff Andrew Card ended the room and whispered in your ear. Card apparently was telling you about the second plane in the part about us being under attack and it was at that very moment that your face went into a distant glaze not quite a blank look, but when that seemed partially paralyzed, no emotion was shown. And then you just sat there, you sat there for another seven minutes or so doing nothing. It was to say the least weird, creepy, you just stayed there in your little kids' terror listening to children read, listening peacefully for five or six minutes. You didn't look worried, you didn't excuse yourself, you weren't right from the room by your advisors or the secret service. George, what were you thinking? What was going inside your head? What did that look on your face mean? Of all the questions I've asked you, this is the one that has me totally stumped. Were you thinking you should have taken reports to CIA have given you the month before more seriously? You'd been told Alcat was planning attacks in the United States and that planes would possibly be used. There had been previous intelligence reports talking about Alcatus interest in attacking the Pentagon, were you saying to yourself at that moment, well thank God they didn't find a Pentagon or were you just scared Schmittless? It's okay if you were, we all were, nothing wrong with that. Except you've taken on the Medal of Commander of Achievement, that means you have to command when we're under attack, not just at frozen in a chair. Or maybe you were just thinking, I didn't want this job in a first place. This was supposed to be Jeb's job, he was the chosen one, why me? Why me, Daddy? Hey we understand and we don't blame you, you look like a lost puppy, you just wanted to go home. Suddenly this was not the party you thought it would be and you were no longer the CEO president, you were now expected to be the warrior president, and we know what happened the last time you expected to perform in a military uniform. Or maybe just maybe we're sitting there in a classroom chair thinking about your Saudi friends, both the roles in the Bin Laden. Perhaps you knew all too well that might have they might have been up to no good. Would questions be asked with suspicions arise, would the Democrats have the guts to dig in your families past with these people? No, don't worry no chance of that. Would the truth ever come out? Within the hour you want to play, not back to Washington DC, to lead the nation into defense and tempered or frightened citizenry, not even to a nearby McDill Air Force space in 10th or the Army Central Command is located, no, you ran. First of Louisiana then halfway across the country to Nebraska to go in a hiding underground. How were you sure that was for the rest of us? For weeks afterward you and your people pushed the phony story that was for your own safety because you yourself were the intended target of Al Qaeda. Of course the problem with that story is that any dunderhead knew that if hijacked planes are being used as missiles, the last plane placed you want to be is up there flying around the air in a big target called Air Force 1. Maybe someday we'll learn what that was all about, to me and millions of others it just looked chicken Schmidt. And I guess why I let afternoon you figured it looked like that too and you knew you'd better high-tailed back to the White House, where you could look presidential. From the moment your chopper landed on the Southland that evening your presidency was something no one would or should quite dare question again. Two nights later, according to a New Yorker article written by Elsa Walls, you went out on the true in balcony of the White House to relax and smoke a cigar, and had been a horrific 48 hours needed to wind down. In that private moment you asked one close friend to join you. As he came in the White House the two of you embraced and then you took him out to the balcony where he had a drink that you offered him. The two of you then load up cigars and start stared out across the ellipse toward the Washington Monument. You told him that if we can't get them, any Al Qaeda operatives who may have been involved in the tactical operate will hand them over to you. It was an offer that I'm sure you appreciated after all he was your good friend, Bondar Bush, the Prince from Saudi Arabia. As the smoke from the ashes still billowed through the air over Manhattan in Arlington, the smoke from the Saudi Princess of Garwattatu, the bombing night air of Washington DC, would you George W. Bush by his side? There are my seven questions Mr. Bush, seven questions that I believe you should answer. The three thousand deadomers are viving loved ones deserve no less, and a nation of millions as sooner or later going to want to know the truth and demand you come clean or leave. That's so what I'm reading that chapter one. Speaking of or leave, yeah. Look at that world for 64% who think it's time for a George W. Beal even? Whether he wants to or not. Here's our poll question today. What's your take on the Iraq war? Lot of votes. Five, seventy seven. George W. Bush would be in P.E. 374.1% almost two turds of the Saudi and say you ought to be in P.E. Mr. Bush and they're right. Let's stay the course in Iraq. It'll take time 87, 15%. I want to choose to come home 71. We need to send more troops for security 24. Rum spell should be fire 15. I don't care about any of it 10 hurricane fans, 10 idiots. But you like that. They're going to get through this entire show without a single phone call. It's like all times again. Well, that was my birthday present to myself. I just fell into a bucket of crap, but that's CBC show. If you tune in late, I'm almost tempted to play that thing again. It's good. You got to stay a bit. No, a big bit. Fine by me. No, that's a bad. I don't have time. I don't think it's too long. I think it would be better to cut a chart. I'll play it again someday. I'll let you know in advance. But anyway, where is that information on the website? Cheese. CBC.ca slash. FIFF, FIFF. FIFF. And when you go on there, you can see all about that. So last night, I thought was the name of conspiracy theories? Yes. I can't believe I didn't. I didn't smith can. It's in the echo pile here. Man, I got piles. And anyway, just go to CBC.ca slash. FIFF. Great documentary last night. The Saudis, the Bin Laden, the Bush family, the Carlton group. All these things. The Carl Al Group. I said Carlton. That's a secret. And you know, I keep thinking back to Patty Chivesky, who is one of my favorite people and I will be network, which is also one of my favorite movies. And I keep thinking of that scene there with Howard Beale and the Saudi deal. Remember that's right? I'll see. We want the CCA deal. Stop now. That whole thing. Remember? About how the Saudis had all were behind on the CCA and a whole deal. Fair. And I was, I think, 1970. Well, was it? Three, six, and like that in the 1970s. One of the geniuses of our time, Patty Chivesky, Western peace man, what a quick ingenious. And one of the most important movies ever made even most people ain't seen it. Network. 256 at 560WQM. If you're really in a crappy job, go in no place. If your life is like on a treadmill, your feet are moving real fast and hard, but you're like a standing in place. If you're underpaid overworked and treated like crap in your paycheck, isn't you more talking about? How'd you like to get yourself a new high paying career without spending four years on college? With this sounds like your situation, here's the solution for you. Call time-direct speed buddies at fast train. You think if they were his good buddies, he'd treat him a little bit better when you're but he won't cause he's lazy. Anyway, don't be lazy. Just make the one easy call to fast train toll free at 1-8-6-8 fast train. Fast train can have you train and certified for a great high paying computer never-professional career or high paying medical computer specialist career and is little as four easy simple months. That's right, you heard correct. In just four months, you can be fully trained already for a new career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it and who doesn't want a big fat one. Fast train offers day-to-day evening and weekend classes, they offer you job placement as systems, and financial aid for guys who qualify too, and fast train as I keep telling you's got four soft load of locations so no matter where you live, there's bound to be one close by and nearby you no matter how lazy you are. So call fast train to day-make the decision that once and for all you're going to change your life good out of your dead and crappy job and start having a career some skills and a real big fat paycheck. Check them out on the web if you're like a fast train.com and when you make the call, be sure to mention a Todd Drek tour to the college always good for a few yucks over to her fast train. Here's a number to call tool free one eight six six fast train. Again, if we don't want up down from the first quarter, then left us all this way. Oh, we both end you. Lines are cold, it was our tune as the bombs dropped from the stars from far away. Baby we should have paid attention a little bit more to the facts we just we've known the price of Calstice clung but I'm afraid that the law won't be the only law. We'll meet again with our whole family. Civil rights will be restored once on a day. Oh, we both end, if we don't want up down from the first quarter, then left us all this way. We'll meet again with our whole family. Civil rights will be restored once on a day. Oh, man, I missed those days. Because life in my White House share was sweet. That's not an important document with my feet. There was always something tasty to eat while I was the president. I'd get to the office by eight or nine open up a bottle of zimph and they'll win. Unsimph that big ol' fly in my arms when I was the president. Then maybe get a baby and play just a little intern in the office time for a little. Maybe get to and lay in the middle when I was the president. Stand on my best like a king car and wiggle over Jake and my thing down. Maybe take it hit from my waterbomb when I was the president. All right, along comes off the pretty young thing. I'll pop the Clinton bang a lank. Life is good when you're the king. I missed the president. Miss Robin and the limo chick and other ladies. Long-bound hair and convertible Mercedes and a bigger blackbook man Warren. Ladies, when I was the president. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Bill's the cause and Monica's vagina. Are you sure? To let's out a gigo. When he makes him wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind. Where he don't know where a stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human horror. And then I can saw the term Cedar Box means saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. That place in he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. He took a mac and noodle, put an explode in. Loading for Monica with blowing rings a smoke. Bill's the cause and Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes him wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind. For people feel that Hillary's been made a full of biohustling. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom she was mowing. More and now her was doing her with bills all along. Bill's the cause and Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every frigant time he makes it wiggle. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind. What she got her do is take a tip of her lords. And put in a brown mow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's that? That's a good idea. Can stars in that hole who doesn't know it's a quiz. And every one's by her. It's where one's the ring who says, oh, oh. Cause it really doesn't matter. If Bill gets off tonight, when it's the question right. You really know. Take the diamond ever die with it. That hell out of my life just go away and we'll just all alone. It's ours and it's home and it's home and it's in the wind. And every one's by her. It's the ring who says, oh. I am bored. I'm bored. I stumble and I bumble just to talk is really hard. Without free written notes from car or over Andrew Card. Pop brain is made a new deal. But that doesn't seem to bug you. I still opposition and you have no up in your teeth. Let's post pretty hard. How about raised by the shooting wave of white collar cramps? Unless of course the shee-e-o-ser cold fringe of mine. That's as little as I'm ago. Now I'm a reflector. He's a homo. The sawdies they attack us, but who don't give a crappy team. Just a pair of friends. Rest assured we're in pursuit of evil Jewish every day. Just like those drug lord's man pursued by O.J. Team Boosh. Team don't care what I'm doing. And I thought I was stupid. The media controls you, you went to told the team Boosh. If you didn't see it off TV and he's real. The media is an arc and troll with storage there. I've been in a matter of what those wrongs. They will just blame it all on the team. Team Boosh. I don't have to intercede going down. It's about a higher ball of ground. Is that I wouldn't know how. He's a moral brother and a footballer team. Pop, pop, pop, pop. Through the stained dress and something. Or, may she, pop, pop. All wrapped up a night in sport cany-stop. Just as a dozen, will be canceled. So, vision, pop, pop. In protecting us from illegal blow-jaw. All right. Jolikot, he would be proud on how canning shakes him down. He owes a lot to tell Gunner Joe. Who was it drunk and a flaming hole low of blue. Stained dress and something. Or, may she, pop, pop. All right. We're not seeing canning stars. Come on. Are we speaking of playing homos? I've seen this bunch. We have to re-altrib to herself on a website there. Would a picture in a whole thing that's really picture with a goofy head cover up his gigantic ball spot? Tisbert, they too? No. It's just a big trimmy to himself because of that fact that the chief was the first one at CBS. But CBS smith can't enter Reagan mini series because Viacom wants all the goodies. They don't want to get him to take it away. They want to slap on a wrist from the right wing. I saw him as far as the at least David Brockhead to balls to do two things. Number one, come out of the closet. And number two, say it right wing. You've used me enough, audio. I just mentioned that in passing. I'm a little bit of a pull coming. You look at that. What's your take on a war in Iraq's 64.7%. We have 612 vote. Lot of votes. George W. Bush would be in Pete's 60. 4.7% say, yeah, 296. Let's stay the course it'll take time. 92. I want the troops to come home 73. We need to send more troops for security 26. Runs fell should be fired 15. And I don't care about any of it 10. And how about them, Hercules? Oh, yeah. Hey, you know, one of the best kept a south Florida dining secrets is right in Carl Springs, right smack in front of your post. The Gold Coast seafood grill just celebrated their one year anniversary and received three and half stars from the most prestigious Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review. The Gold Coast seafood grill at George's is it's so good it's almost a scene. Especially the food mango plum salmon. I'm encrusted my hemahi, orange-hudiglay stebass and crab and shrimp stuff. Did Skake and the food when it came in? Yes, he did. And he said it was pretty damn good too. Yes, I did. And the best part about it. He liked the price as well. There's an incredible bar atmosphere at the Gold Coast seafood grill including. Unbelievable big big martinis at happy are only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m. Seven days a week. A gigantic wine and martini list. And you'll find the Gold Coast seafood grill and coral springs. Twenty seven fifty two north university drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center. Call nine five four two five five fish for reservations and more information. You can dive inside or outside large parties and private functions are welcome to. So why not try the best kept secret lunch and dinner dining at South Florida. You're loving Gold Coast seafood grill and coral springs at twenty seven fifty two north university drive inside the prestigious walk shopping center. The Gold Coast seafood grill, our guarantee you'll find great seafood and great prices too. My and local here sports radio five sixty two a.m. I'm out. I'm out. She's a perfect man. She likes the flasher. When she don't have those on. She's hanging like the straw me on ride. Gold Coast transit snack. And coasters transit snatch. Imagine what you can touch. From in Colter snatch. Don't be a part of you scratches with a brush. She's paying to ride. And he'll worry but you'll never get drunk. Colter transit snatch. A swirl of pool of crap. And Colter transit snatch. Using fungien boys. You're making out her voice. Walking with the veil of the old. Curly gambitide of her butt. And Colter's transit snatch. Raccoon. And Colter's transit snatch. Go on to know what it can hatch. And Colter's snatch. There is the ferry and he's got a man. There is the ferry and he's got a man. He's a great sailpading home. So he's got a man. From Colter's to Ferretto. He's a queer. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Me and the group and the dog's in queen. That is shoes. Bottom confused. So paying to who we're fancy. All the need is shoes. Ferretto. Me and the couple's fairies. So he's got a man. From Colter's to Ferretto. Ferretto. All the need is shoes. Ferretto. They're taking home now. We're going to get married. So she's got a man. From Colter's to the white house. He's a fair. And a tackourish muck with a little. Oh, oh, oh, oh. That's what he stole for. That's what he stole for. That's what he stole for. He's to the home. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a woman. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man. He's got a man He's got a man. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. I'm gonna follow the song. We will not tired. We will not falter. And we will not thank the song. We will not cry. We will not cry. We want it. We'll get a lot of stuff. All I can tell you is that Osama Benlana is the prime suspect. The American wants him brought to justice. As we want. We're gonna find those who attacked our country. And we're gonna hold him accountable. The men and women who wear uniforms. Well, back to beauty and reservists and nationalist people. Are ready to respond to the call of the commander to the secretary of the Fett. Make no mistake about it. I want justice to get him running and to find him. And to hunt him down. The orange smoke amount. The US military is ready to defend freedom. To any call. They used to put out their own weapons. But water coaches had wanted their alive. This is a fight to say to the freedom loving people. But we will not allow ourselves to be terrorized. Whether we bring our enemies to justice, our greatest enemies. Justice will be done. The entire world has seen for itself the state of our union. And it is strong. I want to fight with Osama. They may know the state about it. I think that's what he said. 699 votes on a poll. What's your take on a Iraq war? 64.5% say George W. Bush would be impeached. 419 out of 649. 64.5% impeaches ass now. Let's say the course it'll take time 96. I want the troops to come home 80. We need to send more troops for security 27. Rommisville should be fired 16. I don't care about any of it 11. Her a coup-fence. I just discovered another oxymoron. A university of Miami education. 26. Here's a facts from Mike from Cooper City says. Thanks for reading from Michael Moore's book. It suddenly became very clear in my mind. The Iraq war was just a diversion to take the heat off the Saudis. Americans are dying to protect George W. business partners. In Peach Bush, I go on Mike and don't forget OIL. Keep that in mind too. There's a lot of it there. Imagine this. Imagine zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fees. Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with an amazingly unbeatable, low interest rate of just 1.95%. So if you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are a mirror. 738 bucks a month. Even Scott could pay that for you. Once you be finance or get you a new home mortgage from the financial group, you'll never ever pay closing costs again. Call on today and find out about it. 189 for OILN. Rare real financing. Parvoodle mortgage rate. You can move to your next property without any further cost of expense. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. If you want to tell us call 189 for OILN. It's a whole new way to buy. Zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fee. Zero prepamment penalty. Zero closing costs. Even when you move to another property. So get yourself financing. It's just one. 0.95%. Never pay closing cost again. I see almost did it one more time. Call 1-800-9 for OILN. I can't help myself. Call financial group. 1-800-9 for OILN. The Renequal Housing Motor. Restrictions do apply. Rate something to change monthly. 5.19 APR. 9. And local. This is 43056. 2.20. 2.20. Yeah. Mom baby. Come play with these titties. Okay. We're the palms that snowed. It's snowed. It's with a mighty rush. But the hell right on the front. 10th each earth. That will hit me. Got your eye on the right hand. You have revenge for your. Carrying on the run. I love that. On the run. There are the men. But a good son. It's a kid in reward. Or tell a band on the run. Tell a band on the run. If the bomb hit fallen to their catch-up wound. You can't do crumple down. If the town could shut in for them hit three. Where? No, stop to the maiden's found. Tell a band on the run. Or tell a band on the run. There are the men. But a good son. It's a kid in reward. Or tell a band on the run. Tell a band on the run. Tell a band on the run. Tell a band on the run. We're going to be able to have a band on the run. It's a terrorist warning. So as you drive on to work. Oh my god. Be alert. The White House says what all the two now can't be sure. We're made by strike. And then the yellow news is Rex could have all of us crashed. From chips as we've met and watched out. He used the word I feel nuclear. It's a terrorist warning. Oh my god. The government says he's proof they're innocent. They say not if but when now. No, it's the secret to the Jo. Yeah, I think there are hopes they could give me a stroke. I think that I just will ignore it. Yeah, live my life. Enjoy the ride. I can't abide. I'm a terrorist. I think it's a goal. You're the one who's going to be a terrorist. I'm a terrorist. I'm a terrorist. My name is Colombo. I got off that plane. I threw shopping in France to visit your money away. I bought this iron clothes expensive bubbles and jewels. And you win a dance so you can actually see you. I tried very hard to smuggle. And they wouldn't let me buy. But I did not get a trouble. Because I did not want to know why. Yes, I'm going to give you a point. What can you get up my life with special tables? After all, my husband's brother. With some tea, your big chacha. I like the weather's a bit. I buy anything I need and just want to know. I'll be generous because every value is. When I get back from the storm, you'll be happy. I'm going to give you a point. I'm going to give you a point. I'm going to give you a point. I'm going to give you a point. I'm going to give you a point. I'm going to give you a point. I'm going to give you a point. I'll make the country wonderful. Every George W. I like this. When it quarter-sit board to bomb back there, There's a dome on another fight. A nice, dear George and make him want to cry. As his eyes when it goes spread and dreams of the recount, make him smile. Don't feel better when you hear him say. She would say, will be wonderful someday. He might promise us everything that don't meet Spittle. And he's got to change me. To blame if something goes wrong. Once the press gets to him, he'll realize. He imprisonment ain't so wonderful. Wow, that's a done-a-dedeum They put one pack and does his art his old Absolutely good doctors call me a hard and thin But now we really know his art is old Don't matter what we're told Yet it changed out of heart that's old We're gonna eat what's open don't explode He makes decisions, he has the vision He has the country under his control Wild pushes jogging, thick spacer jogging And that's what happens when your heart is old And it's full of hope Yet the change is not a heart that's old And it's gonna blow He'll keep on working till his heart is cold He'll keep pretending that his heart ain't old But it's really old Another dick in the White House 22 till 2560 WCM got the mad dog sitting by And we got to hunt for it for a Panther preview It's seven o'clock tonight any interest Oh, LA Kings and Emacarina Scott will be there I sure will We'll see what's some free tickets on these my tickets you use and are these some other ones No, you're tickets Oh good, good seats And then you got the Panthers in the King 730 The big after the hockey game because we don't know if he doesn't the hockey game anyway So I bring Eddie and you know and enjoy Mark overnight What? Out to everybody the final score WCM 678 votes Look at that number George We're two thirds of the way toward you know what? What? We got four or four four Yeah Maybe it was a Reagan who was the anti-Christ Maybe it was a whole Oh no What's your take on your back war of 444 It's a George W Bush and be impeached at 65.4% out of the 678 444 230 way toward Let's say to course it'll take time 98 I'm not the troops to come all made you one We need to do a send more troops for security 27 Rawlsville should be fired 16 that farbiz and I don't care about any of it It doesn't that he doesn't from a hurricane team You know, I want to tell you right now And I know this from personal experience from many many years Dieters fail we tried this one we tried that one What's the lose except that dangerous nasty ugly weight? That's the deal because fat kills man They don't mistake about it The beast gave it his way shot I'm not going to knock the beast too much because he gave us a nice check for a band of per rescue He gave it a shot he still fed Although he did lose over 50 pounds of balance for like you can do it baby If you've tried all the others in your frustrated because they're too complicated Because they're too tasteless because the food is like pre-fabricated whatever it erases This could be the answer you're looking for to your dietary problems Balance for life No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no carbohydrate counting No calorie counting, no nothing All you do is reach outside the door And that's it because every morning by 6am Balance for life delivers right here, door at your home, your office at the warehouse Wherever you're hanging out A little black sack And that's the key the secret is right inside They're all the food you need for the day is in there And you won't go hungry on this program Three delicious gourmet meals made with a freshest, the best ingredients Nothing freefab, nothing frozen No artificial ingredients of any kind And two delicious snacks, it's right in there in your little black sack The only choice you have to make is filling out your menu If you're weak, they give you two choices for each meal Every day to try on a program In fact, they only come in to give you a choice for every meal and every snack So if you're sick and tired of being overweight, out of shape Least, the stargic diabetic run a verge of it Have an energy whatsoever, have an oak hose to wear We're in pup 10, so when things together Here could be the answer you've been searching for Give it a shot, you got nothing lose but that dangerous ugly fat Balance for life, column today at 954 56683229 You'll start seeing results in at scale within days 954 56683229 Or visit their most prestigious website at balanceforlife.com It's my life and love This is 4256 You will be who we am We didn't take their cry In Pearl Harbor, when the japs dropped their bombs We bomb them back And now the sun is, they hit us higher And on our cars, our little black swing Has that song in love and recharge points of honors the wrong way Boy, and other variants to be in America Where they follow those light sheets You die in the space of arrogance And by poor Chinese families, we think of this hungry Fuck up, hammering towards the darkest days And I hear some beings I don't want to be a tax-a-marin' house Think of God and you as a... What's a few thousand innocent lives Stop living in the mess If you want that SUV to drive You've got to need more gas If the greatest country in the world They train us too, really And anyone who says that obviously And afford to be The moon and the other variants to be in America Where we paint three of it, please Where the flag and wood has With our head in the sand And lightly follow the powers that we have a fantastic A watching state for you Who's on a six-day vibe and scream Scratch your balls and five everything's okay In the goddamn USA Y'all plus Marna You're the finger of their front Well, why does it know why To tell no one Christian super-born Be fileness in the corner While fondly they're nuts Well, why does it know why To tell no one Christian super-born Post away the pace From the fastened days We're failing back to the macaroni and cheese That holds in the bench Just in case they reintroduce Badgers go out over a loud cheese Why does it know why To tell no one can know Why does it know why To tell no one can know To the gate of Poland While meeting up there comes Where? Why does it know To know what Christian super-born To the college of the fish I'm telling you that they're truck-move Why does it know what Christian super-born See that standing peanuts sit back down again in the zoo And watch it all down with a twelve pack of fruit In a life of order of the heaven you go Got only smile on the fun for the asshole Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I'm looking at the water, oh, I'm looking at the water There he has the water, oh, I'm looking at the water All right, that's my day to go One, two, three, four, five Come on over hunting out come and take a drive to my big house In chocolate, wow, we can both get juice And maybe a little Panama, the watch is on business She's out for a wake, I'm like a kid in the candy store It's time to cheat, I have pretzels, hot dogs, go bare and pizza You remember, little Billy, you're laying these out of Visa It's gonna be a wild time, not for home in New York Because to leave Darwin cheating, I can sport I'm sick, my fly's so good I'm an over hunting out, blow on my trumpet A little Billy Monica in my got A little bit of a heart out without my wife Now a little bit of Monica is what I see When she's our way, that's still a rake A little bit of Monica is what I need A little bit of Monica, that's more rake A little bit of Monica in here, I am A little bit of you, I'm a happy man Wow, how are you doing, honey? She's built quite in the presence of the amount of stench And this is my, my state of the women address I know a few girls who thought they were pretty hot But Billy's here to tell you about girls You're not just, they used to wear makeup and rip away pants But when they looked at me, they were under my triads Wow, you're playing care especially Wow, you're playing care so much So, Paula Jones, you got a new nose That no one impressed me much But, I'm a, my, my, my Well, you got the brain But I've got the touch And that's your mirror Well, I'm playing care alright But now I'm giving more than a male For now That no one impressed me much My, my, my, my Well, it's new one, shall we? I'd like you remember this one She had upside-frame quarter That she kept on her thumb And after she ate steak, she went very the moment She got herself some life, all and now, tell me talk Much is still as ugly as a hockey puck Wow, you're playing care so much She's playing care so much She's playing care so much So, when the trip got some surgery That no one impressed me much Oh, you got the brain But I've got the touch Now that I've got the brain But I've got the touch Now that I've got the wrong, yeah, I've got the wrong But now I'm giving more than a male My, my, my, my, my I've got the brain Oh, I'm free at the running Now, yeah, I'm on this next one A big, choking girl with a purple meringue That no God does nearly put their eyes Well, secret meetings And my, quarter, now I could've told, well, terrible And the hardest score Wow, she's playing care Wow, she's playing care so much So, Monica, you lost 40 pounds That no one impressed me much Oh, well, you got the brain It's my love, you got the touch Now that I've got the wrong, yeah, I've got the wrong Well, I've got the wrong, yeah, I've got the wrong But now that I've got the brain Well, I've got the wrong, yeah, I've got the wrong But now that I've got the wrong And the most impressed me much Oh, well, I've got the brain Well, I've got the brain On her car No fun, but I think I'd rather sleep With catastar Wishing his mind The blinker on spring should hatch Big ol' wings And then ask to match Oh, well, she makes a special Oh, well, she makes a special So Hillary, you're going to be a son And her from the art That no impressed me much Oh, well, well, you got the brain But now that I've got the touch Now that I've got the wrong, yeah, I've got the wrong, yeah, I've got the wrong But now that I've got the brain On her car My love impressed me much Like you, that is my style and the way I'm gonna dress I love you Five and a loco This is five six Three is a yours Q&A The Middle Eastern world Will be exploded To dumb at people guild With the gas that we sold him First time a grister nation And they only won that's going Now more blood will be spilled To get that oil flowing Forget about Korea The nook they're toasting at the Right wing It's drilling it over and over And to our head That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction Three thousand people killed Our now forgotten Let's exploit him instead Hey, there's oil to be caught Going after saddam to Plankado's summer There's no longer mention of The name is ladden But no one seems concerned All of the incomplete places Believe in every word of this Partial administration That controls us by fear Through media manipulation And the right wing Is drilling it over and over And to our head Ooh That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying We're all suspects now Not the ice-cropped is saying I have nothing to hide Table partners all are saying Pline obedience Handled on us And he reserved vision Thou don't provoke Battle and world annihilation O'er she must fall And haliver to the stove With no objection at all Till the crackdown Have the fall and the right wing Is drilling it over and over And to our parade waspets Iraq has some weapons of past destruction Only Iraq has some weapons of past destruction The destruction Bye bye bye With a new watcher show Unfices of the two of you And the planning for the day Will you fudge back then? No doubt about it