Well, that's his face. A couple missiles To replace wheat and no A name a matter of hell Whose first name begins with a There's one thing we all understand Oh, Pauli wants to eat him no more How can he who won't be finished So we blow up Pakistan All right, we could chase him around forever With our tanks and all our troops That special forces are so tired Of jumping through with emboos You'd probably need another plane Let's cut out all the nonsense And we'll blow up Pakistan Oh, it's how can an easy nuclear tank With the one we'd get much more Why don't we stop to see food And we'll blow up Back to stay Here comes my favorite part There's nothing all the emotional when he does that, you know I know two or five sixty WTA I'm happy Tuesday two I'll let's collect a I don't know kind of like a dark day and more ways than one Well, we had those little properties to one and catch you a little bit of a problem there I'll or guess we don't care too much about that because no Americans diet None of one in reoff in Saudi Arabia We had more suicide bombers more crazy bastards blow up people Blow up people because they're pissed off and fern up And just so happens that these are these terrorists happen to be Saudi Arabians I guess we should end passing again like those world trade cedars cedars Right And like those terrorists at the co-bar towers Uh-huh Off of the terrorists in Saudi Arabia but also there are a lot of members of the Carlisle group and have been Lot of family there so We don't want to like that precipitously although we are getting our troops out of there But nevertheless So at least 13 killed in the Saudi blast at least have a more American although You know there are there are 50 different stories they've all got different numbers in there on how many were killed with these suicide carbons And in the AP story it says the US official speaking on condition of anonymity said overall casualties appear to be in the hundreds And that several members of these Saudi National Guard died in the attacks he also said British German French Australian other Arab citizens Remung that wounded along with the Americans so there's still counting bodies and body parts another grotesque act and you can be Dan sure You can bet vener boys life on it. It won't be the last in order me. Oh, no, I'll bet who lives okay Oh, she got more than one He's kind of a pussy. He's probably got nine lucky like a cat like the everybody can't Our poll question yesterday who was the most underrated movie actor actress of all time? I don't think they like this pool all the way we had a worth thousand votes thousand and About 30 something like that But not the usual tremendous response probably because a lot of them didn't see the name of their favorite on the list Oh look at the way he spelled curious and easy. That's embarrassing Curious and ice Is that how you spell it? I think I looked out one up from not mistaken SI and I see Huh, I think I remember looking down on the character while I could be wrong anyway Most underrated movie actor actress of all time Steve Buschemi 98 Yuri oldman 81 At her a 76 it only yields 73 James Garner 60 He's got to be more like 80 than a James Garner at least he had 60 votes Kevin bacon 54 We like Kevin bacon a lot on a show Brian Denny he 51 what you made to me C 42 Jeff Bridges 39. I seen a little bit of a movie line style with Jeff Bridges on it Where he was accused of murder Yeah, and what's her name was in that movie? You know what's her name? Oh her? Yeah, I like her a lot and I'm serious the unit of the movie I'm talking about she represents she was his lawyer Got a narrow it got a little more than that. Okay. Well, it'll come to me. Gary Sinese see 36 DJ a company for he should add a lot more votes, but then again this crowd. They don't know from DJ a cab or corn on the Carl Maldon 30 Tim Curry 26 Allen arc in The story Robert Shaw 20. I have no idea who that is You don't you know Robert Shaw if I seen him I probably will buy a note by name right I know Clay Shaw Rick Shaw Rick Shaw we know Eli Wallock and Peter Boyle also had 20 votes for Eli I thought we could reasoned together George Kennedy and Peter Laurie each had a teen James Spader 17 Georgia's really upset about that Divine head 15 sterling Hayden had 13 say there was a great actor Jack Warden had 13 what a most favorites Joseph cotton fill up see more Hoffman and Clarice Leach, we each had 11 Joseph cotton should add a lot more in 11 votes But then against this crowd John Kazell had only 10 I mean, you know generally speaking of survey isn't that bad but John Kazell had only 10 votes and you might know why I don't know who that is Yeah And for respect we must go anyway in the Joan Allen didn't have any I'm not gonna go through all these Kira said you were cad seven I should mention that and tied things had five and Omar F's had eight and that would you had a case of this morning the graphs oh bad and Joan Allen didn't have any out of well over a thousand votes even she had the big so where did how did your her name get on her in a first place Somebody called it in no they didn't they did I think you just made it up okay Paul Krugman in the New York times today the China syndrome Got to do a little bedtime story action here. Well we got a lot of stuff today lots and lots of stuff Jose Santos you assholes at the Harold somebody somebody if the hero like needs to be bound and gagged you know with a rubber ball in your mouth As usual the hero can't get it right What do they suck do they suck or they blow Poor Jose Santos one of the great jockey soon and got his start in the U.S. and South Florida, Colter and Gulfstream Great jockey cashed a lot of tickets on Jose and if you look at the real pictures from the Derby you see There's a space between the fingers and a whip and you see and that's space the color of the blue silks of Jerry Bailey is on a horse behind Santos There's no object there's a foreigner otherwise in his hand with a whip But the hero comes up with his picture goddling knows how to held a got that angle of it And right away we got to have an investigation and we got a smear Jose Santos and all this other crap You notice once again crap nasty ugly stuff and where does it come back to South Florida? Oh always You know what I might have been in this hand maybe some of the hanging chads we're left over in his hand right with a whip You think let's see that picture Now let's see if Chad is in his hand Paul Krugman writes it today's New York Times the Chinese syndrome for is this good He says a funny thing happened during the Iraq War many Americans to the BBC for their TV news They were looking for an alternative point of view something they could not find on domestic networks Which in the words of the BBC's general director general racked themselves in the American flag and substituted patriotism for impartiality Leadership side the rights and wrongs of the word self and consider the paradox the BBC is owned by the British government and one might have Respected it to support that government's policies in fact However it tried hard too hard. It's could say to stay impartial America's TV networks are privately owned yet They behave like state-run media What explains this paradox? It may have something to do with a China syndrome not not the one involving nuclear reactors The one exhibited by Rupert Murdoch's news corporation went dealing with the government of the people's Republic In the US Mr Murdoch's media empire which includes fox news on the New York post is known for its flag-waving patriotism But all that patriotism didn't stop him from as a fortune article put it pandering to China's repressive regime to get his programming into that vast market The pandering included dropping the BBC's world service which reports news China's government doesn't want disseminated from his satellite programming and having his publishing company Kinsel publication of a book critical of the Chinese regime Can something like that happen in this country? Of course it can Through its policy decision especially don't out only decisions involving media regulation the US government can reward media companies that please it punished those that don't This gives private never said instead to curry favor with those in power yet because the networks aren't government owned They aren't subject to the kind of scrutiny faced by the BBC which must take care not to seem like a tool of the ruling party So we shouldn't be surprised if America's independent television is far more differential to those in power than the state-run systems in Britain or for another example Israel A recent report by Stephen Labaton of the times contained a nice illustration of the US government's ability to reward media companies that do it once The issue was a proposal by Michael Powell chairman of the FCC to relax regulations on media ownership The proposal formally presented yesterday may be summarized as a plan to let bigger fish eat more the smaller fish Big media companies will be allowed to have a larger share of the national market and own more TV stations in any given local market and many restrictions on cross ownership owning radio stations TV station and newspapers in the same local market will be lifted The plans defects aside it will further reduce the diversity of news available to most people Let's struck me was the horse trading evolved one media group wrote the Mr. Powell dropping its opposition to part of his plan and returned for Favorable commission action on another matter that was in discrete we had to be very naive not to imagine that there were a lot of implicit Quit proposed out there and the implicit Trading surely extends to news content imagine a TV news executive considering whether to run a major story that my damaged devotion Administration say a follow-up Senator Bob Graham's charge that a congressional report and I eleven has been kept classified because it would raise him Berosene questions about the administration's performance surely will occur to that executive that the administration could punish any network running that story Meanwhile both the formal rules and the codes of ethics that formerly prevented blatant partisanship are gone or ignored Theocovoto a fox news is an anchor not a commentator yet after bagdance fall fall he told those who opposed liberation of Iraq a large minority That you were sickening then you are sickening now fair and balanced We don't have censorship in this country. It's still possible to find different points of view But we do have a system in which the major media companies have strong incentives to present the news in a way that pleases the party in power and no incentive not to Rights Paul Krugman today's New York time. Thank you article if you ask me I scorn Paul. He's got a stomach on it Neal Kavoodo my ass off all spin all day. That's what you got on the fashions news network all spin all day all unbalanced all the time bunch of fashions bastards Problem is that can I put a question on so now I'm just way I'm just spinning my wheels Once again, I look to the letters to the editor and both here on the Sun Senal I see one letter when they're about the Patriot the Act about the Brown County Commission Resolution Now have we heard any more from now and we want just spin in our wheels here, but the text clear 12 minutes past nine speaking a check if your check is tiny and puny man if it's just a little embarrassing puny one here's the answer for it. Get yourself a new high-pain computer job It's start making a big bucks. Thanks work good buddies at fast rain So if here's the deal if you're sick and tired of being a dead end job working for some schmuck Make in peanuts like an elephant the circus call fast trade today and those are how in no time at all just for sure at months You can get the training to have yourself a real meaningful computer career in a big-paying job call them today 1 866 fast rain fast rain offers convenient day evening a weekend classes for you check them out on the web If you like it fast rain dot com and don't forget because the have locations all over town is bound to be one year by you and computer professionals are in mighty high demand Like never before you'll find fast rain in Miami, Kindle Pember Pines and Fort Lauderdale 2 and don't forget to register fast Random to receive your free American flag bumper sticker to show that you're in a food patriotic American Pick up the phone and call fast train today. There's no obligation. They'll explain it to you 1 866 fast train be sure and tell them that old Todd Drec Toardy to call 1 866 fast trains I don't get how many day go get any walk grateful come out on the one word Now it's time for leave it to Aziz Stumbbar brilliantly as June cleaver Cuba Montez Ward cleaver and the irrepressible azias born as the eyes Oh dear, I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van Oh, buddy. Oh, I'm a little bit What a f***ing shot Oh Who's Sharon is that one of your friends from school theater? Good morning, I see a f*** you dad get out of my fight now. Aziz Let's go wait and talk here father Say, son, what have you got playing for today? What are you very worried about playing for today? What oh no, it's just one of the principles of dog yourself to hand out a f***ing Tinder I'm gonna go fight the hell of a boss in any hospital. I was that We have fun now. Okay, Aziz Yeah, sure Well, go f*** yourself We hope you enjoyed this episode of leave it to Aziz tune in next week when you hear Aziz say f***ing It's the 917 at 5. I'm a step on Aziz. They're he really good upset give them a bit of a shape Hey, don't forget that Thursday's the deadline for a hot couples contest for this month So log out of our website and your Rogers.com email a picture of yourselves and with your significant other Can't be like a separate pictures of one hot model over here and some of that ain't gonna cut it. Eric, I'm a little Animi Never got the any a pictures of them together, right? Yeah, hmm maybe they don't want to be in the same room with the same time. Maybe they don't like each other Well, guess what that ain't gonna fly as much as I like looking at them pictures. They air in it Beiner boy Hum, email with all those glowing comments on air, glowing and glowing comments I'm starting to wonder about beiner a little bit, but are there any right? Uh, that ain't gonna counter us. We get a picture them together. So you're still still got a shot. We got about what it doesn't They're about they're about to about a dozen entry so far you still have till Thursday morning to get them in To Thursday morning at nine. Let's make that the deadline okay Because starting the stairs they may 15 pictures will be put up on our website for a week and you can vote for your favorite who's the hottest couple of Mall and then Thursday may 22th the couple of the most votes will win and the first prizes a three day two night Stay for two at the world oasis resort in casino window Bahamas with round trip air fair It lake air and runner up gets dinner for two at the pizza law kind of a disparity in prizes there, you know Oh come on Well, I mean, now that's good In other words if you're really the hottest couple of the money you get a really good prize And if you're like there kind of lukewarms or runner up then you get some child pizza law Which the child is good, but of course the price is there or so reason to blame anyway. It's not gonna be like valued like a whole lot Not that I wanted to diminish the value of what you do see what I'm saying right? I understand Anyway, here's our poll today, which I'm sure will get a little bit response or maybe not who the hell knows you never know with this crowd Not another movie poll is it? Yeah, it's matter of fact and somebody suggested it yesterday And I maybe you did this already in the past and I really know care because I was a somewhere far away And probably it with passage a time you forgot how it came out anyway, I would right See here's the poll question what's the most memorable line ever from a movie? You know things that you keep saying over and over again like But so we didn't look like that Well, and I didn't put that on there yet No, yeah Well, we'll get to it anywhere here the ones that I've got so far forget about it from Donnie Brasco with the lovely Johnny Dept I'm gonna make him an offer we can't refuse from the godfather. Well, I guess we could play some of these if we got him on here Let's see one moment please But I still I can't find any of these on here because I don't know what they're under Like I want to make him an offer again right like I said and then of course also from the godfather Uh I'll find it just relax From the shining here's Johnny I'm at his health network right Peter Finch Frankly my dear. I don't give a damn from god with the wind I mean wouldn't that pop into your mind like you sure leave not soon that my favorite life in that movie I didn't from that movie right what's the other line? Don't cut Go ahead make my day dirty Harry and we don't know which dirty Harry movie one order We read some of the funny what we get it and what's yellow? I'm dying over here from dog day afternoon see Just drop my pen on the floor. That's not a good sign. I'm dying over here dog day afternoon I Guess add a girl and nobody goes around saying add a girl. I only only want to does that but then again I'm a little strange well, I mean it just sticks in my mind. I like that scene where he's not there waving a hang-in Oh, that's a good sad it kind of crowd. He's trying to egg the crowd on you know That was Al Pacino when he was in a good movie as opposed to many of the other movies when it was really I mean just absolutely sucked in blue I'm dying over here. Yeah, and of course that way I don't want to go into the background for his sad All these listeners who've departed of the big talk show audience in the sky right he's been dead a long time that guy who ever that was The I'm dying over here guy Didn't sound like an old guy either no Spoon around is a lot of dead people folks. It's really going around. I'd watch it if I were you 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world of slime the most memorable line ever from a movie in history It can be from a movie from a hundred years ago. How about one from the silent movie? That would be good jerk like that no strato. I was watching here earlier right when you want to think it's on right now I could be wrong and I am wrong The stingers is on I thought Batman was on what's the stingers? Oh, yeah, we'll do that pull tomorrow. What's your favorite polka? Yeah, we haven't done that one a long time got for the polka I was just gonna say they beat me right to the punch. Well, it's the only one I know Your favorite polka artist Can't have those names we used to play didn't use to play those on a year maybe you're not old enough to play by I haven't I didn't have to play them on the air, but I've heard them played on the air. Oh I can't fix the names of all the mold polaks with the accordions, you know, Bob evitt and had some polka hits When I now he didn't do polka music the Polish prince he was singing some of the off tracks of the albums were polkas really I think so I like that you muck polka in the eye myself Here's now wait a minute. This can't be right can it because line five has got a light on it And I punched it up. I don't hear it. Is there somebody on this line? Hello See we've been had We have been had there's a dot on this line and I thought we had all lines finally working today I think somebody and I don't what I thought is gone. Oh the dot is gone. Yeah Like we like we story George Corso you jackass oh My god there's somebody maybe doing a few lines in that building, but nobody's got line five working again We got a false alarm here like maybe somebody finally after months and months and months and my screaming and pitching fixed that line five and the answer is no Didn't do it. I don't clearance If I was parents I'd get Corso in here and I'd beat him. I'd get him right up against the wall and whip the crap out of me I'll clearance my kid off on it. Gotta try something. Here's Davey. Hello You know, yes, sir Yeah, I'm regard to whoever ever show us. Yeah Was the actor in a jaws the captain he was also the mark in the same oh that's right Well somebody mentioned that yesterday, but he's and And that one of my favorite people. I'm free for your poll. Okay I love the smell of napalm in the morning Okay, thanks. You like that line sure what it It's gonna take a long time to write these down. Well this relax. Oh, you know something I was gonna do another poll before we do this one because this is gonna take until at least 11 maybe longer before we really get to this thing going Can we do that? Yeah We can do whatever the hell I want can we course that's all up to Eric whether Eric really wants to be put out of that kind of pressure Yes, he wants to know what I'm gonna do it anyway. We don't really care what what? I said no. Why not? Because I don't want to be put on there that kind of pressure. What do you got to do with it? It's a very simple poll Yeah, just gonna take me a long time to type it up Now what is this a apocalypse now? Yeah, that's what I was gonna ask go and you spell gerryson easy correctly by the way And I and I score let's hear it For being a boy Should we put the who said it and the movie or just the movie that it's from just the movie that it's from my god Now this is a apocalypse now. I love the smell and yeah, but we don't want the actor and who said it Just what movie it's from Like nobody knows who said here is Johnny and a shining like we and I need to tell In addition to which how about leave the gun take the canoli? I mean we know it was commensis said that But then we got to put the what was his name the actor? They He's dead so we don't even know the actor play commensis, which shame on you? I can't believe you don't know the name of the actor But if they like the line then they'll know who said it. Right. What difference does it make just the movie it's from that's all See this is the problem you make you make problems where they don't exist. That's why you're not getting that raise yet And see if we can't bring you under control a little bit. Oh, yeah Because Clarence said he needs to manipulate your little more before you get the raise We got it was dust said that and he's on vacation don't eat that much. You got a whole wood to heal up. Okay now what's the apple? Oh, let's see How do I phrase this carefully Okay, America was better off is Was better off This is gonna be fair to under Bill Clinton or George W. Bush Huh, okay So it's off dot dot dot On under And dot dot dot Bill Clinton or George W Bush Pretty fitting and this is just a temporary pull to keep the people occupied and keep them busy and to keep Erica trouble So we don't need too many goddamn breakfasts this morning Because the rumor I'm hearing from Orlando is that he's ballooning up. That's why not and just a rumor Have you heard that rumor no you just can't be said oh, oh, yeah, I did hear it But here at this morning. That's where it started 26 past nine and five 60 W QA. I'm on a great Tuesday man. It's a little murky here But at least it's not 90 in the shade You know, because I'm also hearing a lot of rumors about it's hotter than hell and suppressive of people are feeling out of there like crazy They'd rather take a chance in China. They'd rather take a chance with SARS Or maybe score bites Can I admit that I had some score bites yesterday again? What do you mean by that? Oh, you have some ice cream the other day this course ice cream? That was over the weekend. I'm not not doing that again. Are you crazy? I'm not the one's crazy. May I your right? I'm hooked. I'm a drug addict Hey, if you're hooked on being fat here's one of the things you might want to try balance for life And the reason I say you might want to try this because it's so simple that even a most frustrated of all fat He's out there. This is one you're like because there's no work for you to do Other than picking up your little black sack at your door when you're gonna get out of the sack in a morning It's right there at your home at your work wherever you are by six in morning and inside your black sack is all the food you need today Once a week they send you a little menu You fill out you have a choice for each meal every day. That's your on a program and in your little black sack There's the food three delicious meals to delicious snacks all in your gourmet food all fresh and delicious nothing Prosine prosine or frozen no chemicals no pre-fan crap. I'll really good delicious stuff It'll keep you satisfied all day long as the weight pours off your body all based on the principles of Dr. Barry Sears zone diet It really works so if you're frustrated with all the other diets if you've tried them and you've failed and you're still fat and sick and disgusting And maybe diabetes and all these other things try balance for life. This might be the one you're looking for you Or to give it a shot call today. There's no obligation call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 and let our friends at balance for life I'll be lose that weight once and for all 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or visit their prestigious website at balance for life.com You a Our David's a bitch new this fall on fox It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen the king of pop snuggles into his king size bed with warm milk and cookies and Interviews of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity You know this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of Mobile in Disney's new animated adventure the younger book too Please welcome my special guest in my bed Hailie George Osmond Do we have to do this in your bed? It's in this set is very charming. I let my children sleep a very good So tell me Harry George Osmond. How was it working with love a boob bear balloon? He's that real Michael he's cartoon voice by John Goodman Hey look what I could do with this You never know who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed I'm here with my next guest no go up in my bed It's a big TV star the child who plays simple to summon and my pd blue Hello child who plays simple which is son and my pd blue Would you like to play a game child who plays simple to son and my pd blue? Sure put put on this mask Having so much fun me and my children pay this game with very give all the time Put the mask up Touch this one time So grab some more milk and cookies and join Wacco jack-ofer's on late night TV like you've never seen before It's sleeping with Michael Jackson weeknight sunfawks 225 60 and let's see from all and justice for all. I'm out of order. No you're out of order Actually the the part of that line is the whole F and system is that order is nobody says right? What's kind of a tirade which part of that line? Well wait a minute. What's the question again the most memorable line ever see a line can't be like a whole speech Right right I would assume right I will put I'm putting that on a bottom of the power will consider that we'll take that under a advisement We have quick votes on our other on our preliminary poll today America was better off under built-print or George W Bush bill Clinton's got 11 votes I guess Even the worst of mathematicians out there can figure out that W's got one Here's the facts has got apparently requested yet another Texas mother to kill her children Three questions come to mind it says why is a number one? Why is God calling upon the people of Texas to make these sacrifices? Two if God is in such close contact with Texas might he also be speaking with president bush In fact God is directing the presidency it stands to reason that opposing president Bush is the same as opposing God himself Like oh god No wonder so many Americans are supporting George Bush if it's not blind patriotism. It's divine inspiration Also, how could you let rock or how are yesterday's poll you are trading on thin ice or it says you're right I'm trading on thin ice. That's what Tom jika said It robbing need a Mars scores a short antigol for an army yesterday should we a kept him on a panters? No, he's talking god Calerwini's done what a panters See that's why this whole idea while somebody would someplace else they were really good Robby need a market of played in Florida for another 20 years and still what a stuff could join out, okay? Just like we need a what a played in Calerwini the changes seen where you need to move back with his old buddy BM Cal gray. Oh, I'm a can I say they never make the playoffs anyway, but Annaheim Too nothing yesterday over Minnesota. Anybody care about these playoff. Oh, it's really terminal Although Marty have let number nine will be in the line of when Ottawa beats New Jersey again tonight Oh, yeah, look at these are these are gonna be great. This is gonna be a long list. It's a van got them We got this preliminary poll to keep these pasted. I mean these people busy Now let's see I'll be back. That's the terminator. Yes See the reason I have to ask it's an Arnold movie. I have never seen the Arnold movie and I never would watch one. Oh, how could you say that really easy? Remilips From mommy dearest no wire hangers. Oh every day. I used that one Is it no or no more no wire hangers? No, you're thinking of that pull we did on a morning show when they said no mow That was the number one choices matter fact no mow. Oh, sorry mow. He's on the way back got that long trip up to Boko Don't spoil his trip up there, okay Have a nice to have a lovely day at paradise mo at the senior citizen summon bokeh Let's see from good fellows funny funny how now that's not the line at another like routine Do I am use you that's the line right Joe Peshie do I am use use? Yeah, I'm use use why you see do I use use right good fellows. That's the line Oh, this is gonna be a ponderous lawn which is good. We like those. I'm gonna take a lot of good huh? Oh look at this fact somebody sends me this MSNBC's great right hope On a passionately one sided briefly dishonest slick as a mom of gravel Scarborough country MSNBC's latest crack in prime time News entertainment is something for everybody And it goes down about Joe Scarborough did this and yada yada yada in the never matter recycled or Riley As a me can't and I'll put some in fact four head gymnastics But despite all of these things it's after ways slow start He's got a neals and rating of oh Point five They might just shut that thing off and put a home shopping channel on there and you see if they were smart They do that like today at noon I'll see up the whole thing. I'm I'm Tony they they're it's a lost cause they just they do the a pity boulder thing They keep moving the different shows around and the only one good show They had was pressing the cannon and they'd taken at least split it up into two parts So now it's on between three and four and five and six whatever. I don't know when it's on and To keep moving a Christmas use around with his soft balls. It's a joke. Why did you just give up okay you're done your finished Man's it's suck Now look at this what is this trust raffer blah blah blah blah blah Well, we don't have any a presence of Canada Canada Man, my bed is just fine. Okay, sure. I don't worry about it my bed here is just fine I'm gonna good night sleep overnight. No little dog awake me up and that's everything is fine No bed please just to forget about forget about it. I appreciate the efforts, but forget about it Little inside the nurse there. Maybe I could help You're out George Well, what's this article here from BBC I saw this on the Well, you can only put so many stories on it and be your boy get really upset if we start trying to put 500 stories on every day To get really pissed off and grow to you Continued anti-merk and as I'm could resolve in the US this engaging from the rest of the world with dangerous consequences NATO General Secretary Lord Robertson is warning he was commenting on the threat to World Order Post by the continuing rift between Europe and the US in the wake of the Iraq war and I should point out again that the US dollars worth Squat Box 16 on the euro in 72 cents in a Canadian dollar which was 62 cents just months ago. It is a scary Not only all of some employment that's going on, but the fact that the American dollar is worth Craft crashkey On a market's down a little bit, but not too much you could you'd consider what that terrorist crap going on over there in Saudi Arabia that something might have awakened these batches. Now nothing's gonna tear them I mean what work do you want you know high unemployment gigantic growing deficits the dollar is worth nothing. What more could you want to inspire investors from coast to coast, right? tax cut and a big tax cut right gonna have all that extra money Okay, let's get down to business here because I get the feeling I'm getting and we know let me forget about the Oreo cookies Where we didn't have on Jose Santos guys going Jose? I'm picking funny side again in the pre-list Let's go all the way with the shrivel crown other empire maker in in there Okay Don't forget about that on the US mayor J. Gardner from Orlando for the general car. Oh geez He went over big In fact it was funny because I don't know they spoke such good English over and bagged up But they all lined up thousands of men said in humans and Yeah yesterday don't buy a house. I guess he wasn't dumping his chest anymore talking about oh It's so proud to be an American now. We got a puff up your chest They said who the hell are you kidding man? We'd like some electricity maybe a little bit of water Maybe a little bit of order in the street so we don't have to be fearful to go out of our house garbage Removal yeah things like all of these things would be nice I like a sanitary condition mounds of garbage everywhere Yeah, but imagine all of my flies that are hanging out. Oh, oh, oh, a nice snack Oh, you ever had like toasted flies Not lately. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, okay These days for the list and I might say something after about the politics go right in Okay, you've been such a slow-on You're poorly you're doing You're injuring I beat up up up up over now the line is yo adrian that's the line That's right there. You're okay, and here's the al Pacino and Scarface I come from Google you got gorgeous Come on you got good watches come on over Look at what is of course the old one is a Frankly my dear. I don't give it to him. I don't know if you got one when we got that we got it on it Okay, the other one is the upcat that's the politics. What do you think about this Spoke graders or third graders remedy take the F-cats? We got this big senator on the radio right now on my 30th of the morning at the county Saying that if they don't pass the F-cats they can You know gradually. I mean what is this this would be A phobia of action deal like like that you're on a university right and you don't pass a test Of course you're not gonna graduate But you're forgetting you're forgetting what state you're in Well, I mean the way I look at is you trying to give votes from me when they turn 18 years old or what I'm just want to hear what you're gonna say about that. Well, what is there to say? I mean it's it's pathetic. This is the education governor, man It's an embarrassing well, you know even though I'm a Democrat I'm behind bush on that because you know They don't pass the test. They shouldn't graduate. Yeah, and you know if they go on the college They did not gonna pass a test when they're in when they're a senior You know what's gonna go on if they get what are gonna? But you're also being pushed on on the class size on his previous plans to To try to change the public's mind on the class size amendment which was passed by the public Well, I'm in the middle, you know, I'm a Democrat but I'm moderate up But you know this good things the bad things a few things a few things he'd change and well He should do in a great job of the DCF speaking of kids. He's doing trying this job on that Right and also if you You know if you if you if you if it doesn't matter what call you or if you're You know if you can do the job It's not should be because you're your race or color or anything that I agree I'm totally against this from a direction wherever that came from okay. Have a great day. I'm against it. I'm a get it Yeah, Jeff voice the education gather we got some great education in Florida They've done a stick about it and then they decided well a bunch of kids failed the FK But now we don't think that we did, huh? You see that I'm sure you did Yeah, we're watching at this morning Let's see do I am use use by the from good fellas Yo Adrian Rocky Okay, now he said one other one, but I'm think I I know and that's a good thing. Okay 19 till 10 at 5 60 WQM if your carpet says speaking of wire hangers Well, she was like a fuss budget. You own Crawford. You know that was her whole thing and if you're kind of a fuss budget You'd like to have your carpets looking brand new and you're embarrassed when you're guests come in and they're looking Your carpets and take man or you are slob and maybe they're right Dry concepts can make them think that you really like a needle person because they'll make your carpets look Just like you had brand new a lead on your floor just only moments before your guests and invaders arrive Because they'd dry clean your carpets these people they only once in the world It's an exclusive pattern method and it works a lot better than anything else because it sucks out the deep down dirt It's way in there and if I was your carpet making them look and smell and feels just like brand new There are lemony fresh when they get done the dry and just a couple of hours and you'll be amazed when you look around No matter how hopeless your carpets look when they started they look just like brand new and they give you a written guarantee price before They start to job soon. I have to worry about a rip off They also do is to paint a job of any your drapes Irrespective area rugs or any of the rugs you're led a furniture and a post-reall these things at an unbeatable price and they also They do phenomenal work for you if they're problem with pet otters or mildew otters caused by water damage my concepts I'll make them disappear just like magic So we owe it to yourself to try these folks one time I've been using them for over 20 years and when you use them the first time you'll understand why Call dry concepts tool free from anywhere. It's 1-800-248-5071 1-800-248-5071 are just long out of their website and see all about the great things they can do for you At dryconcept.com it'd be absolutely correct when you say that with dry concepts you can find today and entertain tonight I'm glad you're here I'm glad you're here I'm glad you're here I'm glad you're here What if Francis waiting this regard for all things American this radio station invites you to join us in the boycott of the following people places and things French fries, French mustard, French poodle, French toast, Mr French French kissing, I'm in the Tory French Nazi French from Greece chicken French Chicken cordon blue, French dressing, Pougeaux, bouvier, Swablepard, ballet, Madeline Veille, the raise, croissants, champagne, Chanel, Catherine de Nubes, your underbar d'oeux, Jacques Cousteau, Gastard from union of the Spouche cheese, lingerie, moves the dessert marfi animal The French chef and his bon appetit, Joan of Arc, Truffle's mines, Maurice de Valle, the French connection, I full-tour stipend, Jean-Paul de L'Oultier, all-ball-père, Jerry Lewis, Monet, Mette-Nate, Moelle-Sett Charles de Gaulle, kids in the hall, Paris-Aï-Water, Madam Tousseau's West Museum, Harry Groen, your apporn, Toronto, Rochester, Berlin, Williams, and Merchant programs, your lean facial belief system, Florielle, Clineique, Le Cerc, and Cirque du Soleil. Thank you. You're welcome. Spirit of the thank you, Steve Factson's has stupid white man, Great Book, I must read for all. Have it, I read pages and pages and pages and stupid white man, I haven't my head right now, Steve, and the book too. Michael Moore's number one New York Times bestseller, stupid white man, I got it right here. Which are red parts of rip and George W. Anass and also parts of rip and bill Clinton ass, just to show you an equal opportunity rip rip band. So that's Steve Buk, the white head of York Times. Also, Dale and Palmetto bases, as most member of the line ever from a movie. Sharon Stone and Basic Instinct, what are you going to do, arrest me for smoking? Yeah, and you say, I mean, she said it. The question is whether she said it, the question is it a memorable line, and I think the answer is no. Thanks anyway, Dale and Palmetto, they will appreciate it very much, but get out of you. How about what I used to say to my girlfriend, say hello to my little friend, just reckon, summarize that is the line from Scar case. Not that there are a lot of other, but that's okay. Well, you can't have a thousand's, okay? Why not say hello to my little friend? Yeah, like that. I can relate to it. Say hello to my little friend from Scarface. That way, that highly overrated movie. Yeah, it was an unintentional comedy. If you look at it like a comedy, then it was very funny. Oh, am I good buddy was in there, Stevie Bauer? Right. No kind of pop-a-bauer, my normal. Or bird-bauer? Shoot that cock or what? One thing about bird she had a leg up on a competition. That was terrible, but she was great. We love bird-bauer. And we love bird-bauer. That shows getting real intense, like I said, guiding light. You're watching it. How about Robert and Eros, you looking at me from Taxi Driver, of course? How could we leave that? This is going to be really fond of us, you know what? I love it. And Bina boys getting all up said, you got to write that all this stuff. And answer the phone. You looking at me in the Taxi Driver. What are Robert and Eros great movies? Where are people? What's the amount of time in America? What? People are sending taxes, pages of Godfather lines. Well, no, we don't want that. Let's see, do you realize that Louise Lasser's 64-year-old is in the both Requiem for Dream and Happiness? Oh, and guess what? What? The guy that plays the Petophile Dad in Happiness? He's the Doctor in Requiem for a Dream. He's also in B-H-H. Okay. The Doctor in like in the Carolinas, where they went up under 600 miles from New York, I'm trying to figure where we're probably in the Carolinas. When they're in a hospital, oh, that guy. And comes in and grabs the drugs off the people. What's with the purple arm? A purple arm? A girretlito? I'm not leaving these in this. This is man. Girret, that thing is really purple. This is what we're doing. What color do you think it's supposed to be? And I'm talking about your arm, I mean. He's the Petophile Dad in Happiness, which George still hasn't seen yet, we're so sorry. What do you mean by that? Oh, you ordered it. Yes, today. Well, I want to know. In Quiring Minds, I want to know when to have you see it. Okay. All right. You want to truth. You can't handle the truth. From a few good men, inject equals to line. That's his second line in here. You can't handle the truth, right? Isn't that the line? That's the line. Okay, from a few good men. Good movie. When your buddy Tom Cruise. George has a thing for Tom Cruise. You don't want to do it. I didn't like that. He doesn't want to admit it because he might be one of those. Okay. Okay. So you can handle the truth from a few good men. Oh, this is just... Pondrous, writing and writing. I think Biner had a point on this. Okay. How's the other pull coming? Our preliminary pull, 110 votes. America was better off under Bill Clinton, 100, and George W. 10. That's what it says. I'm not making it up. That's what it says. And just like this guy before, I mean, he's in town with a pin in the one that said he's like a democrat, like moderate middle of the road. He's trying to say something good about our governor. How can anybody say that? I don't get it. And that's why I just basically, I just did, I just give up. I give up. I may have thrown out. I'll still do my bedtime stories. But what's the point? I'm not kidding anybody. They haven't no impact. I mean, this governor, he comes right out and says, I'm going to stick it to you. I've got tedious plans no matter what you people vote on class size. I'm not going to let it get sucked into that. In fact, we got an article here on our, polls show most Floridians unhappy with foot dragon by the legislature of the overwhelmingly Republican legislature by Margin O'Neary 41. Regards or voters across ethnic gender and party lines said they disapprove of the job legislature is done. The legislature finished the regular session. May second was called back Monday. The capital of finish writing the state's 52 billion dollar budget. Governor Jeb Bush also plans special session to deal with other major issues. They did not get done on the regular 60 days session, including new laws designed to reign in the cost of medical malpractice and workman's compensation insurance. The session was more notable for the disagreement between Senate President Jim King and Huspick or Johnny Bird over how much the state would have to spend and where the money would come from. King wanted lawmakers to consider gambling or new taxes so the state could spend more education and social services. And you're like that in a survey of 600 voters conducted by the Miami-Herald St. Pete times in a Palm Beach post just 16% of respondents gave the legislature their approval. Kellyanne Conway a Washington-based Republican pollster said it's eye popping. She conducted the survey with Democratic poster Rob Schrobs. She said in 15 years of polling, I've never seen legislature greeted so poorly. Among other findings, six in 10 voters believe Florida spends two little on schools and 54% would vote for a cap on class sizes. The governor Jim Bush wants to repeal. But the poll indicates problems with legislature not affecting Bush's popularity. The governor was given a 56% approval rating. And the interesting part about that number is that President Bush in Florida, you know what I've seen they did with the Graham or he was beaten Graham 52 to 42% the other day. The president's popularity approval rating in Florida 60% as opposed to like 34% opposed negative rating. So like 56 and 60 almost identical. So I guess if your name is Bush in Florida that you get a positive no matter what the holiday they may disagree with the only issues or some of the big issues, but if your name is Bush good Bush they never met a Bush they didn't like they didn't want to dive into. Scary, but that's Florida. That's our middle name. There's still counting chance by the way. Oh, guess what grow one. Oh, to late. 122 votes America was better off under Bill Clinton 111 George W. Bush 119% pretty pretty lame, you know pretty lame. What was the most memorable line ever from a movie forget about it? I'm not going to be the whole list. Just the most recent ones. No, our hangers mommy dearest. Do I am use use good fellas. Yo Adrian from Rocky. Yo Adrian. Oh Jesus is he dumb. Say hello to my little friend Scarface. You look at him me. Tashie driver and you can't handle the truth from a few good men Jack Nicholson. That's probably what he said to the referee at the lake again to the night. Just out of control out of control. He should call like a follow. He should have been forced to take a couple of three throws. Here's mommy lake. Hello. Yes, sir. Speaking of long enough, and it's worth it. You know, we're going to twice the way you missed a couple movies that that a number of lines. I'm going to be a good idea of I could have been a contenders. And the line from Tashie driver wasn't are you looking me is it's you talking to me. That's right. That's right. You talking to me. And there's one from. Oh wait. My slow line is slow down. Just a bit. Just take a breath. Oh, are you talking to me? Okay. Go ahead. I could have been a contender on a waterfront. The other one was from cousin Vinnie. My cousin Vinnie. What are you? Hand in the corner. No. Never saw that movie. Okay. What's the line? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. Don't stay at a game. Georgia get upset. Don't say it. No. It's a good movie. It's a good line. But they're not answered. They're not understanding the question. The question is what's the most memorable line ever from a movie? It's a very simple question. I'm not the one. Why do you remember from a movie? No. No. No. I understand my George. Well, what's the answer now? Well, if you missed an outfired you know I say back to what's the use because they don't get it. You're not. You're not. Okay. Well, I think we got that. And as far as politics show. I thought I said that movie in my youth. And you're new. Yeah. I want to. You know every show I can't believe there's not one Wibble throughout the speeches mine. Yeah. Right. Now you're catching on man. Now you're starting to catch on. I want to stupid energy and calm the night. Why? Why are you sure? So let me ask you one last time. Okay. Because I wanted to have somebody every time they start to say something the Republican or the right week start screaming. That's what you will liberal about that. Well, and the time trying to say listen, I didn't interrupt you when you were talking. Please let me. Oh, you don't know when you're talking about you. But wait. I have a name. My book. Oh, you don't know. I have a point. You need to be there. I'm not to. If you don't push that with them. They don't want to hear what you have to say. Like I said, now you're catching on. We we got you some about these pushes. We need to hear it. What's another one of the point here in Florida. I'm a life-larker. So crazy about these damn bushes. The number one point here that represent our thing. What's there to me is that Graham will be a good contender for the Democratic presidential. I'm going to play that jab. They run for his office. They're become our new senator. Why? Because what else is he going to do is he going to go back to Texas and become governor, Texas? No, he's he's waiting in the wings. He's going to be he's going to get two terms of his own following a W. That's what they have planned. And that is very scary that we go under 12 years of more of Bush. I don't know about you and you, but I've had enough Bush. Well, me too. That's why I'm in Canada. See you around. Thank you. Bye. Bye. 567. Oh, by the way, Canadians are meeting with the US officials about that pot law. They're they're cave in it. They're cave in it. As America continues spreading its fascism or repression all around the world. Making people them off for the camera fuse. Here's one. It's obvious. Look on your father's star wars. Except he didn't say that. Nobody facts the couple that also weren't said. But nevertheless, people wouldn't say. What's the correct line? He said, Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father. He said you killed him. No, I'm your father. That's how it went. It's like he like I just facts played against him. He never said played against him. Well, I'm not writing anyone down for that. If you only play the power of the dark, if you only knew the power of the dark side. Oh, everybody says that. The greatest trick that ever ever pulled was convincing the word he doesn't exist. The evil suspects. No. Say a little bit of my little friend we got that. Play against him. Now that we're talking. Now they're finally catching on. One out of 58 bad. Play against him. The line. There's a lot of playing against him. What did he say? Play it Sam. You played it for her. Now play it for me. Right. That's one of those in that big book of misquoted movie lines. That's what you know what? Yeah. You know what? Then making a difference. Okay. Again, Sam is lying to everybody says. Sure is. Even though it's incorrect. We're not worried about the nitpicking. Okay. We want to find out what people say. Thank you Richard. Richard, I'm pretty sure. There are some good ones on the way. Thank you, Dick. There are some. Really good ones on the way. Okay. Well, fine. Just. It's only 10 o'clock. Just relax. Okay. Just calm down. That's right. Pull up a little string. Hang it out of your toes. Just a little bit. George, you'll be through some of those away. You'll never know. 9.58 at 5.60 WQM. The number one Asian buffet in the universe is Emerald Coast. Three locations for you and South Florida. Sunrise, North Palm Beach and New Slocation is Pember Pines. Stargum Athelotering, an eating experience with six different soups. You can take all of them if you like. And then sampled dozens and zillions of delicious on trays. Just mouthwatering fresh stuff like New Yorkskip made order of the gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp scampy style. Jermos scallops wrapped in bacon. Dungeon is crab and ginger and scallions in handcar primer. And be sure and check out the new Oriental chicken salad that they're most close to. Don't forget, you never walk out of there with a headache just to big smile on your face. And a big full puppet because they don't use any crab. No MSG, no cornstarchs and they cook all or fine cuisine only with cholesterol free oils. The buffet at the Emerald Coast features a full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh from cocktail, and a full dessert bar featuring pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well. In sunrise, you'll find Emerald Coast Pine Island a 44th street. North Miami Beach Collins Avenue is north of 163. And in Pember Pines, at the intersection of Flamingo and Pember Croats. So take your family or book your next business lunch and now by calling 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. All size parties are welcome. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. Take out and deliver as always available too. The Emerald Coast Pine is buffet you can't be to with a stick. My and local air sports video 5-60 series, Juey and... It's beautiful. It was young. She was innocent. She was the greatest piece of ass I have had. And I've had of all all in a world. Welcome back to the Guitary Badge and Dream of the Mojou in the name of the show. We have a full duck at today. Yeah! Include McGoville Gate of our ticket at the late interviews. You know that pipes won't distill at it. What?! Why'd we sing into those songs? They can finally. They make fun of me all the time. I don't know. Why did they do the door? They're there, everything will be alright, bro. It's a hands-off me, a fairy. You queer? Yeah, Tom Jumper! Real men don't touch only during the game. Yes, master. They won't sing in you. I'm given singing. Get on a piano. I'm an air. Okay, ma'am. Now, hit it. Back in my game and was straight. The end day is hip-to-day. That's why I kid the taller raid. This guy's with jays. Spawn holes were in K-Fat Day. No, the stop at your moron. What's the matter, ma'am? Wait, Phil, I'll find out. Okay, alright, where were we? Spawn holes were in K-Fat. Oh, I'll take it from here. The guy's that like the worship man. The thing we won't sing for in your way, living in that of a game. Didn't need to sooth for us, Dave. Or to tickle hair, retain. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus Christ, I hate. Kind of 350, if you're coming at the man dog of one hank in the studio at 3-the-sack-to-note. In the building, no less. I'm building still, can hold the Humper. The big, at 7 o'clock, then you got your morons on deck at 930. Marlon's at San Diego. Marlon's one last night. You were aware of that, weren't you? What? Marlon's at the Padre's 1005, and then you went Mark overnight. And there's stuff a moron show. 190 votes. America was better off under Bill Clinton 165, George W. Bush 2025. 165 to 25. Do you know, I think that if we could like change the constitution and get Bubba to run next year against the W. Wouldn't he be a landslide? Yeah. I mean, we can't do that. But Bob just saying, just thinking out loud. He would just, he would beat him by a little a landslide. Anyway, here's some more of us suggestions. And you're right. You've got a whole bunch of real good ones. I'm not even going to write them because I get write as cramp. I'll let Bina board write them down. You're writing them, Bina? He is. Dean Warhol ran animal house. Spat drunken stupid is no way to go through life's son. We tried to tell that to the beast. Did it work? No. No. May the force be with you. Now there's one from Star Wars. Now we're talking. Okay. We're talking about the The monster. I'll fill him crossbring says. Total. I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore. Dorothy and I was into vise. Although. I guess. I don't know. Is that a memorable line in the summer? Yes. Well, that we were. Okay. Okay. Just ask him. How about we don't need those stinky badges? I thought it's thinking badges. I think I don't need those stinky badges. Sometimes they get stinky. From treasures of the Sierra Madre. Okay. And this one. From set of a woman. Pachino says and has spelled it. H-O-O-O. That's H-O-O. E-E-E. Who he? And we don't say who he said. Tuma. I had that all. Would just rely on all of them. Am I hitting it? See how he's getting overberg. I'm not hitting it. See how he's getting overberg. He's getting overberg. He's getting overberg. And I'm just can't control himself. I got all the drop-ins right here. Right there. There you go. You know that. Who he? What are we going to put that up? I've got a course not. That's not a line. Okay. And then we're going to be pretty pissed off if they saw. H-O-O. On our list of great lines from movie plus that's such a crappy movie. Oh. Anything in the picture up the Sierra Madre? Yeah. Okay. This town needs an animal. Another Jack Nicholson line. Jack Nicholson is the Joker in Batman. Perfect for soft Florida. And it says, Mo Bits, please. I just played the Mo Bits. That's why. You think this town needs an animal? Yeah. Perfect for soft Florida like the fact you says. Got it? Got it. Batman. Here's Steve who says, In blazing settles. Hey, where the white woman at? No. Where the white woman at? I mean, it's a funny line. It is a funny line. But then it's not memorable. About one like, you know, most people are seeing on old time. Must have you lost an over town or something. Most guys aren't saying, hey, where the white woman at? The black woman from the Joe and Marcho. He uses that all the time. Does he really mean that that's why it's on the hospital? You think? Maybe got his punishing him for saying things like that. For being such a perfect. Two hundred and two votes on the first bond. Our preliminary poll today, which we just did is kind of like, you know, keep you occupied for a little while. Now let me ask you this, Biner. Yeah. If they vote on this pool and then we put up the new one, it doesn't, this in franchise them promoting on the second pool. No. No. They can build people. Great. Because I know that thanks to AOL and thanks to some otherwise in Ep technology of the internet, the people that we only have a fraction of our audience out there who can actually vote on our pool. That's really sad. I don't know what we're going to do about that. I don't have to work on that. I wasn't going to do something about that. I forgot. I was going to look into that. You were going to do something about or you're going to like discuss with Eric about doing something. You just don't go off to it on your own like that. Because you made it out of the main of sound. Like you're going to do it like independent. Of course the poll is still Eric's purview of the poll. You do understand that. So don't be like edging too far over in his territory. Because then you'll get him all worked up and certainly again. And your phone will be ringing heavy. Yeah. Grumbland sounds again. Fat grumbling sounds. America was better off under Bill Clinton on 185 and George W. Bush's 30. Oh. It's pretty tight. Here's Boeton Beach, though. Boeton Beach is gone. On line nine. That's that's scandalous is what that is. Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. You have a classic from white heat tagney, mom on top of the world. You remember that one? No. You remember that one? You know, remember that one? No. Okay. I call with it. Thanks. Remember that? No. How about Judy? Judy? I don't think he ever said that. Kary Grant. Did he ever say Judy? I don't think he said that. That's something to speak about. I don't think he ever said it. It's just like the thing in Casablanca's like the same thing. Right. But again, Sam. People he got. He never said that either. You dirty rat. But people say that all the time. They sure do. Well, why can't we just make it up? Now, let's see. Do we ever just have what we're going to do about injustice for all? I mean, it's a great. It's a tremendous scene, you know? I think we are next it. Yeah. But because there's not one single line. But the climax to the line one. He says the whole F and system is out of order. Right. It is great. But it is nothing. Nothing we can use. Sorry about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I still say Jack Warden was great. Jack Warden only had 13 votes yesterday. He should have had a better faith than that. Jack Warden is great. And his performances as the suicidal judge in that movie was so spectacular and under appreciated. As Casablanca was great in the movie. And who was the other one at the committed suicide? His partner. Oh, I forgot. It was long time ago. Remember the lawyer? I think he committed suicide because he had a bad hairpiece. Now, I'm not trying to plant any ideas, anybody's mind. Yeah, I think he just was a little over the top. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, where it was lined the most. Here's the question again, just to try to like, you know, frame it here for you. What's the most memorable line ever from a movie? Most memorable. In other words, things that people like say all the time. People quote all the time. Like, I could have been a contender. I mean, I say that all the time. And I think of normal can't I realize that I'm just dreaming. I'm just playing with it. You know, I could have been a contender. But then again, look at what I got. Pop had gentco. Look what I got. Right? Right? That's a good line. I see if we just want to make it got father and gentleman like someone was people. No, no, seriously. There's no question about it. We can have 50 million godfather lines. You're not clocking man! You're not clocking man! Yeah, we can go down the whole list. The thing you brought at Brainsolobie and I side bleaks so nice. That's right. I thought you'd bring this little sauce, see? I know, when you frown, you broke my life. You broke my heart. Leave the gun. Take me to the ol' way. What have I ever done to make you treat me so this was good? Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again. Ever? Ever? Ever? And of course this one probably should be on there. What the f**k? We must go to the court only. Don't you think? We could just do a godfather poll. Nah, come on. That's like two to one dimension. It's like a fine line on there. Hundred lines? I think that's what our engineering department's been doing. The line five still don't work, clear. I just mentioned that in passing a legendary in the part of the head. They had like, they was just a diversionary task. Gunner part. We saw the dot. We got all excited and maybe I whipped up a new frenzy. Something actually got accomplished in that place. Did it get accomplished? Are they doing anything? No. They're sitting on their laurels. That's what George Corso does best and Bob removed today. They rest on their laurels. God, all right. What are we going to do about them? God, this is... I can't help it. Yeah. And then of course, one of our favorites. I can't help it. I can't help it. I can't help it. I can't help it. I can't help it. I can't help it. I don't feel like we have to wipe everybody out. Just mind it. Oh, and I tell you one that seriously should take consideration. You're taking this very question. Don't you think? All right. Huh? Oh. In fact, the line really is, it's business and this man is taking it personal. A lot more work on refining more the few times in various ways. Yeah. You're taking his drive. I like where he says that to. You're taking a very question. Santino. How's Santino doing? Santino. 1013 at five, 60. Do you realize that there are people who haven't seen the Godfather? That makes me want to sit down and weep. Why do I weep? Because they just, they're missing out, you know? Yeah. Look at all these great movies. There's last couple of weeks here on his show that they haven't reached my life. I'll tell you that. Now that I got my DVD player, I don't think unless you got a DVD player, you're going to ever be as movie intensive as if when you get one. Right. And then once you get one and you realize that there's 80 billion. Because this like mushroomed up out of nowhere. I mean, one in the beginning, we're like about 10 movies on DVD and I was about it. Right. And out is about 10 million. So you better start, you know, working on it right now. Don't forget happiness. You won't find it in South Florida. 1013 at five, 60. W. K. W. I mean, Otakis chief. It's easy to throw a line a lot of really appealing low numbers. But when it comes right down to it, what number can you really get re-financed at? Is the number 5% 4% how about 2.45% with financial group? With interest rates at 2.45% it really is your best. But and it's rock solid too. If you want to find out more, just call financial group 1809 for Oland. That's financial group 1809 for Oland. Interest rates are all time low as right now. So why not refinance your home or buy you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing? 2.45% financing with financial group. And if you're wondering, just what not it will do those monthly payments here. Some examples for you. If you have you a $200,000 low, you pay only $786 bucks a month. If you have 100,000 low, you pay only $3.93 bucks a month. Trump change. So get you 2.45% financing from financial group. Call them today and get the answers you're looking for. 1809 for Oland. That's the financial group 1809 for OLE and the there an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly. 5.34 APR. 5. 5. And local. This is 4.356. 1. 1. 1. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. I'm American Idol. I'm American Idol. Who's gonna be? Who's gonna buy that hook and string? And it will get something that's the thing. There's a chance that life will play Like the killing chicken What's his name? Hey voters! It's the T-U-U A American Idol It's season 10 A American Idol Two days a week A American Idol The other church is free A sign of color is evil champ The other church is full of give a hell of stab A riot stick ripped in all alone A thousand things that took a bit home A brand-in-chanceous filophone Shot me out of my core American Idol Right now it's true How true will it? A lot of app too And I've been holding off and I've been off now Go, go, go I'm gonna watch you son of a... But I don't like you son of a... But... I've been... I've been... I've been... And I've seen it five so this is pretty interesting thing You just backed me here This is from Soland.com I believe he has it is Where's the liberal Russia limbo? By Samuel G. Friedman? Do you notice I mentioned this? I didn't That's why facts you page one And four is the post of all eight pages Well, I'm gonna read it for five pages Sorry It's as Mike Muller is left when he rants Have gotten in bounce from major radio markets Could he draw an audience of millions if he got the chance Mike Muller, I have no idea who he is He's in Atlanta, is that it? Okay Sinekated show course He's syndicated like everybody else in the country except for Yeah, yeah That's because he's probably... I'm not probably definitely got a better agent than my lackluster attorney Who's too busy trying to be a... Hot shot on a radio for an hour on the station But nobody listening See, when you try to be all things to all people Norma, you generally fail in all areas That's the problem, you know, but anyway My wife and wife is the time But it goes on about the most prominent efforts By liberals to crack the talk radio market And involve the politicians zero brown, or real chromo, Jim Heithauer Effective stump speakers Don't master the improvisation, conversation, and give-and-take of talk radio Only how Heithauer means on the air Though it drastically reduced form Instead of hosting a talk show It contributes to many commentaries To about a hundred stations mostly in small markets For all that liberal talk radio is not quite so marginal as it may first appear When critics decry the death of such shows Michael Harrison or Takar's magazine notes Yet they are referring to one part of the radio universe Commercial radio for white audience There he estimates 80% of the political shows indeed is spous a conservative message Yet liberal hosts such as Neo Rogers of WQAM and Miami Oh, good And Lionel of the WR network have survived See if the WR network, Lionel is syndicated of course Fox recently began syndicating Alan Korms The desigated liberal punching bag on its cable newspaper The talk black stations mean while lean heavily liberal And the person of such host is Cliff Kelly of WVO on Chicago And very much of WHAT What in Philadelphia? The nonprofit Pacificaware network which is not the It's of 800,000 with Stridely left-wing programming National Public Radio does 22 million Most news of whom two thirds describe themselves as being politically Moderate or liberal and PR-synicated talk shows Talk of the nation the connection and the Diane Rem show Is she akin to Jennifer Wem? I'll find out Stride for a balanced centrist approach to Qualifies his liberal and comparison that of Limbaugh and his imitators and it goes on And on a bounce good point We're still okay, but it terms the syndication I could have been a contender to get back to the police Could have been a contender, but I got an normer can't Pop-Hedgenko I got norma I think that's it all right there And I got Greg Reed to on top of all that to contend with Speaking of contenders Strother Martin and Cool Hand Luke what we have here is a Fader to communicate one of the great lines in history No question Also Strother Martin said should have been yesterday's pool I have no idea who that is He was that guy that said that line How about she was the guy in Cool Hand Luke could said What we have here is a Fader to communicate I don't remember who that was Some of these movies you haven't seen for about 50 years Right Alan on the fact says Blitz best line Alan Blazing saddles when Mel Brooks meets the idiot Try me look at Jean what's his name Jean Wilder Okay Who else is in the blazing settles is a Jean Wilder right play on little But anyways his he looks at Jean what's his name and says Hmm Tratses I think what Alan means is He's got shratses Oh you've been Oh my god Wait till Fox News Heather here is that we use the word shratses On here Hmm shratses Well that's cute but it's not obviously reference to the cleavon little And his family His little family Did he say hello to my little family 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Ameriad of the pole number one today we're doing a two-parter America was better off under Bill Clinton 208 George W Bush 40 85% to 15% 228 to 40 I guarantee you mark my words you could bed bener boys life on it and we'll throw in Todd Dreck too That if that election was tomorrow Bill Clinton against George W I'm not talking about our audience or in state of Florida Nationwide even including all of them real nasty red states You know what I mean the red states those awful Yahoo knows picking those kind of states Bill Clinton would just absolutely demolish He'd he'd have just mop up the floor with him Here and see Because one thing about Bubba he don't tell you no bubble myses Even the golem know that Here's for a lot of deal hello Amy I do great You got one from top gun I feel the need is the need for Steve We go okay All right also as far as legislature is concerned I mean you got a Republican house Republican Senate and a Republican governor Right You got a Nothing good is there going to come out of this uh In our expense in our expense We made 40,000, 44,000 dollars a day to run this extra session And they're probably going to go to two of them So it's 44,000 dollars a day to take care of this Our rest my case and a public is they're disenchanted but they sure love the governor And ridiculous but I love you and I'll take care I have a great life in Florida 560560 Look like I said what's the use You know we just had an election back in November Here's uh I don't care if they ran the garbage man against the Jeb Bush No matter who it was he should have won in a landslide Whoever the Democratic candidate was should have just buried his ass And it was the other way around No no no no no no no And they make up this story about how they were going to raise the taxes And then the Democrats were going to raise taxes to pay for the uh for the amendment That the public uh supported this is what doesn't make any sense The public said yes to the creases to live in classized in public schools But on the other hand oh well he's going to raise the taxes So even though of course the Florida Constitution prohibits that Well it must just raise the tax of going to be a state income tax Has to be a constitutional amendment devastating income tax There wasn't a Chinatmist Hanson hell that was going to be happened or we proposed to many of these things But you'd deal with the dumbest of the dumb and of course when you look at that map of Florida like I'm always telling you Good, Golly Miss Molly Did the Jeb Bush win Broward County? No did he win Palm Beach County? No I rest my case there you go. What else you got? You think they've county with your people you know? Oh my god they sure are Come on, he's not coming. He's the same old crept Look at the state just take a look at it All right, no I'm not too close to lunchtime. Oh, no seriously just take a look at the at the Makeup of that state you got your Pensacola and Tallahassee and two egg and Tampa the whole the whole tap area over there in a west coast Nothing to make you gag Exactly and cheap water in the Loots and temple terrace All of these things and four pairs in Viral Beach in Jacksonville, I evade and of course the dark folks in Jacksonville They don't let them vote too often because they can be dangerous at the polls I mean you got a really you take away date Broward and forget about date you take away Broward Palm Beach And Monroe County How did Monroe County vote? I forgot we didn't know they're small potatoes And what do you got you got a mug once that you got like a Georgia South man Georgia Southwood is still like a segregating the guy the him school problems in Georgia 2003 and there's still run on segregated school problems and nobody's got anything to say about it Well, no, no What can I tell you man? Zyna America 1027 at 560 WM get into the barbecue in season with the perfect real and absolutely the best price in the world from our good friends at barbecue's galore Now that it's 100 degrees in the shade every day you really ought to be thinking about this This way take advantage of no payments same as cash financing until January 2004 on approved credit at barbecue's galore How can you be that? Barbecue's galore carries the biggest selection of great barbecue's and accessories including liquid propane natural gas charcoal smokers tailgate supplies all at the guarantee lowest prices in the universe Barbecue's galore's got an exceptional selection of Weber grills and accessories including the hot new Weber summit gold D which features six stainless steel burners a double wall stainless steel lid Well, did stainless steel cooking greats fixed commercial great thermometers side burner rotisserie all of these things and lots more to Barbecue's galores got the hottest grills that you won't find any place else in all of course is always at unbeatably low prices too So for all your barbecue, we need not that the really self reweather is arrived at the guarantee lowest prices This is the place you love shopping because they're really nice folks barbecue's galore with stores in plantation also in coral springs Let barbecue's galores knowledgeable sales staff have to pick out the perfect real for what you're looking for and at the same time answer all your barbecue in questions Everything you need for barbecue is waiting for you at barbecue's galore Now I Know Hands on their bodies now, forever And then, why do they only think about it? When they're so much more to think about, why do they only think about it? One track, one is what they're all about Shots of the Shots of the Shots of the Shots of the Tempered equal to 560 WQM happy Tuesday Here's a facts from George with a G Who said, now what was the George Kennedy's Somebody spelled on our port yesterday with a J being more Haked Kennedy, or Haked Kennedy Well don't you remember, Haked Kennedy, our president? No. Hey FK? Oh. Good morning Neil and Jorge, it says, here's my singular most Member of the line, who are those guys, which Cassidy and the some man's kids Goking by Paul Newman, who are those guys? And I say, no, no. Do you think that's memorable? No. Here's another one, and also, and poor George, you know, with the G, he's got problems here. Here's Johnny, we got that already. B, he's got, you come in with nothing, you've got out with nothing, so What if you lost nothing? Monty, prep on the meaning of life, closing scene The crucifixion, and we say, no. He says, have a great day in Toronto, it's already so hot and you Man afford lottery, I'll cancel even chase the mice anymore. Okay, thanks a lot George, but pretty weak solution. We got here, is Johnny, in fact we got a couple of Jack Nichols and lines, right? Right. We got you can't handle it, true with a few good men and We got here, is Johnny from the Shining. Here's one that says from field of dreams, when Schuillis Joe says, Ty Cobb wanted to come, but none of us like the son of a bitch When he was alive, so we told him to stick it. Wow, whoever said his dispatch and for obvious reason, there's no name. It says, that's my favorite movie line. Ty Cobb wanted to come, but none of us like the son of a bitch When he was alive, so we told him to stick it. Okay, also I know you're like airplanes, so what do you think of Jimmy, Have you ever seen a grown man naked now? Now we're talking. Peter Graves, that's a one of a Zillion grade scenes, right? One of a Zillion grade lines. Right, if you had to choose one, would that be the one? Uh, I kind of like we're Moses. Now I picked a bad day to quit sniffing glue. You said that to Lord Bridges. Uh, yeah, that's okay. Jimmy, have you ever seen a grown man naked? All right, is that the right quote? We just have you ever seen a grown man naked? Yeah, that's it. Okay, that's from my airplane. I'm a good person. I'm a good person. Be like gladiator movies. Just stick with one. Okay, don't start expanding this body. We'll be here to the midnight. Okay, I'll just ask in you. Jason, line from Klueless. I've got a 45 and a shovel and nobody will miss you. Uh, Okay, I don't think so. Let's see, I could have been a contender. Could have been somebody. Kind of one way ticket to Palucaville, Marlon Brando. Yeah, the first part we got, I could have been a contender. Like me, just like that story. At least I made salon.com. Oh, great. Somebody recognized that I'm alive as opposed to like BuzzFly. I should have said, uh, this show is the best kept secret in America. You know what? It is. In fact, speaking of Tom Jick who I didn't realize was such a big hockey expert. Uh, who fan, uh, if there's one column that he should have written about having to do with me as opposed to like flirting some more down here that we all tried to dump anyway. It's opposed to that. How about what was just in that salon.com article. The fact that this show is still number one and we beat Rush's pants off and I knew to one hour and the last book and spythe the war. And spythe the right wing, uh, leanings of all of media in America. And we're still kicking ass. He writes for which paper. That's all right. Exactly. Now, seriously, I mean, he's just, you know, you can take all the shots you want. Time, go on here and just rip me an ass. It's fine. Just pronounce my name right. But the fact of the matter is what you're doing is confiscating. You're like a dog that goes in a backyard and takes a big dump and then runs about 15 yards away and kicks up his back legs and kicks a little dirt up and here to try to cover up his tracks. Okay. His mess. That's what you're doing. Mr. Jerry William story didn't get that right. Didn't get the the Casper story right. Bunny interviewed me a few years ago. He just, you can't get anything right. Mr. ratings book again. Nothing. And I'm not just talking about me. How about the story about power and ninety six and party radio. There's so many stories in there. How about the classical music on K.T. Which had like a point zero zero zero zero. All of these things. There's so much going on in this man is oblivious and he's worried about them. Me and Brian Murray. Okay. Brian Murray sucks. I don't care if the freaking ducks whenever he gave for the next five years. Brian Murray blows. What he did to the organization. All of the studies are hockey expert. Anyway, P.S. loved the bedtime stories. What happened to Canada going to pot? There have a little second and third thoughts about that since they've been intimidated by the USA by the DEA. And so it looks like what they're going to do this week. Probably they were tomorrow. Oh, look at that. In fact, there's the story on there right now. Plant any criminalized pop possession of marijuana. They're going to make it like a traffic ticket. Small amounts. Like a half an ounce. Which means that nobody would spend any jail time. Let your station could be introduced as soon as this week. On the CBC. I'm looking at it right now. How do you like that for psychic abilities? Let's see. I'll have what she's having when Harry Met Sally. I'm serious and don't call me Shirley. From airplane. I don't call me Shirley's cute. I take it black like my man. From airplane. That's cute. But we can't put all the airplane lines on there. These don't count. But there are two of hundreds of great groucher lines. He said 75 years ago, and still objectionable. Trying to sell a wedding ring in monkey business. I know it'll fit her. I got it from the nose of a savage. As the explorer and animal crackers, we took some pictures. See there goes with that capping again. Sorry. He's doing a capping again. That guy around the fact he has to do it. In fact, that fact. I started thinking about that again. That was the most objectionable. You ought to be flattered from a Steve came. Look at what was top show groupies. There's nothing. Nothing that turns me off worse than top show groupies. Because there's are the only people. Listen to the old FTL crowd. You know. Oh my god. The light bulb crowd. A little Brian Craig. He should fill in two for you. Right. Of course. See we'd have that crowd fill in for us during the summertime, but we can't afford to feed Richard S. and that's a problem. As the explorer and animal crackers, we took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed, but we're going to go back again a couple of weeks. I remember that. And skewed. Not in the same category with what we got. Okay. What's this copy you just affects me? Did I already have this? I don't know. Did I fact copy? The dial on my crispy? Yeah. Did you see that? Money Python and a holy grail, the bridge scene. Two nights started fighting and one night cut the other night's arm off. He said, I cut your arm off. Then I'd said, no you didn't. It's merely a flesh wound. Okay. Go ahead make my day. We got it. Are you feeling lucky punk? There's no place like home and he or his Johnny. We got several hosts for that. Already on here. Okay. They have no way of seeing it because it's not on our thing to live in a clock. We got the other pool going. There's no place like home. What? Yeah, from the Wizard of Oz. That's a memorable line. There's no place like home. I guess. No. Okay. Are you feeling lucky punk? That's pretty good. Another dirty Harry. Yeah, let's put that on her. Are you feeling lucky punk? And go ahead make my day which we're already got. Awesome dirty Harry. One of the dirty Harry's, which we don't know which one. Quite frankly who the hell cares. Okay. I think that's what it is. I don't think that's what she'd have been on her poi yesterday. Oh yeah. Along with Marlon. Along with Marlon. Yeah, along with Marlon, Brando and William Holden. Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, Al Pacino. All of those kind of like marginal people. 355 hosts, speaking of marginal like the president. America was better off under Bill Clinton. 300 hosts, George W. Bush 55, 84.5% to 15.5%. That is staggering. Of course it's also true. That's probably why it holds up so well when you look at that because it's certainly obviously true. And as that's down nine and a half, I just mentioned this in passing after this last couple of days when it's running way up there. Do you have any idea why the market has been going up like that? No. Because the dollar is like in a free fall, the dollar is worth like a nickel anymore. And we got that grow test unemployment of over 6% to an half million people lost their jobs since this bozo came in. I mean, and the dollar is down 65, but it's still pretty impressive up there's made up but on a nice run there. Because we won the war. We're doing a great job over there and I rack. Oh, we're not. What happened to 4J garner? Oh, and also what happened to Barbara Bodini? Oh yeah. Barbara Bodini, I got that story here too. She bombed. Barbara Bodini, who in large part was responsible for interfering with the FBI and our intelligence efforts. To prevent 9-11. She was probably more single-handedly than any other American individual responsible for allowing 9-11 or making it possible for it to happen. And yet she is moving to the Bureau of Political Military Affairs. And her boss, J. Garner, is expected to leave. But I think he already knew that. As soon as the reins are handed over to Paul Brimmer, this was the big deal. I'll never have any weeks. And once we had that news about J. Garner was hand picked. And he was going to go over there and he was going to do this and go to the and pound on his chest and tell us how proud he was to be in American. And the Iraqis just loved him. They couldn't wait to say, BYE BYE BYE! And they did. How many times did you employ? I got all this coffee here just to see their feaster family when I cried out there right now. That's hell's department. Feaster family. Kind of like our engineering department. Nice job, course. So, not. Let's punch up line 5. Hello. WQAM deadline. Do you hear anything through it? No, it's just, I mean, the audience can't believe it. They can't get over it. They cannot get over that after all these years. A company with this kind of money. I hate this place. Nothing works here. It's got an engineering staff that you wouldn't wish on Hitler and the Ayatola. 1042 and Osama, Yamaha. 18 to 11 at 5, 60 WQAM. We got the mad dog at one Hank in the studio at 3 and then a bunch of stuff that we also wouldn't wish on him. Hey, if you guys are looking for your hair. Probably went down the sink. Maybe it went down the drain. Maybe it's in the what's his name's refrigerator in American cycle. What that head? Well, you haven't seen that yet? No, get it. If you want to get your hair back, do what the smart guys do. Whether we're talking millionaires or just slippers like a lot of you guys. It doesn't make any difference how much money you have because number one, Charles Alfie or his nature of her life and system is very affordable. And number two, even if you have millions and billions, you can't get a better look and head of hair to make that bald spot go away and disappear. Because the natural hair line system looks just like they say natural. Like real hair growing out of your head as opposed to some awful nasty, reddish animal diet on top of your head and just kind of camps out there. For over 25 years, Charlie has been making guys look their best. I look at how much longer than they ever thought they could because when you got the bald spot, you look like some silly old koo. And everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. So you have nothing to lose but that bald spot because the after 30 days, you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting the head at least 15, 20, 30 times a day, Charlie give you a full refund. Don't forget to mention Neil when you call because it means the next or two or about soft irregular price. Here's the toll free number to call if you want the real way to get your great look and head a hair back and look better and younger. And you ever dreamed you could again. 1-800-321-2413 column today. 1-800-321-2413, along on their world-faming website, Charles Alphiari.com. My little face is five-six years old. There is a yours. Oh, you ain't in. No. Why are you so disgusting? Please be me. I'm afraid. Most people are unaware that they have seven to ten pounds of compressed human waste packed in their bowels. You, F.V.C. is hard packed in your bowels right now. Pounds and pounds of greasy, filthy, dunk tightly packs snugly inside your body. Your intestines are lined with grease, mucus, undiested beef fat, hair, oil, and a cheesy substance known as skis. Until now there was nothing that could be done. Introducing be clean. An all-natural supplement that will within three days. Have you defecating your stale, sour, musty tar-like ropes of manure, making you feel lighter and healthier than you have in years? Call this toll-free number now for a free video and see for yourself an actual patient. Let loose his slippery, repugged it wall of bowel sludge in the comfort of your own. Call today. 1046 and 560W to come to taxes are just pouring in. How could we have forgotten? The power of price to pay you. The power of price to pay you. Okay. The power of price to pay you. Okay. Okay. That was easy. Let's get that on there. The power of price compels you the excess. Got it? Got it. And also I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way. What is that? Jessica Rabbit? Cole. Oh, I just got rabbit out of those holly. No. Who fendard rabbit? One out of two ain't bad. Here's a quote from Requiem. Ask to ask. Throw the end of the movie when the girl goes to the black eyes department and performs with her girls. They're having a big orgy scene. Ask to ask. Now what is that a quote? I wrote a commentary. Yeah, I see. I mean, what? What? Like that. You know, I mean, it was an interesting scene to say to her at least. And Jennifer Conley was in it. So Georgia course was, you try to mount the TV screen, but nevertheless, that's not a tour speed. I mean, it's the enforcer. That's mighty white of you. No. No. There are two types of men. Those with guns and those who dig. No. I don't think they're understanding. What's the most memorable line ever from a movie? If they okay. John, this was cute, but surely your mother was a hamster in your father's smell. The elderberry. Oh, yeah. Not a day goes by. Money python and a holy grail. I was saying that just before the show this morning. I'm walking here. Midnight cowboy. What? I'm walking here. I'm walking here. Midnight cowboy. What? I'm walking here. I'm walking here. What? I mean, we can't handle a truth. You can't handle that. And you're talking to me. Taxi, remember we got that. We got it. I guess I should read list. We got so far. And then you can add any more that I didn't write down. The most memorable line ever from a movie. Forget about a Donnie Brasko. I'm going to make him an offer. He can't refuse the godfather. Leave the gun. Take the canoli. Godfather. Here's Johnny. The shining. I'm as mad as hell. I couldn't take any more network. Frankly, my dear. I don't give a rat say. I don't give a damn. Go ahead. Make my day. Do you hear me? I'm dying over here. Dog day afternoon. I love the smell of napalm in a morning. Apocalypse now. I'll be back. The Terminator. And it is terminal. No wire hangers, mommy Durist. Do I am use yous? The good fellas. Yo, Adrian. Rocky. Say hello to my little friends. Carface. You talking to me? Taxi driver. You notice how many of these lines are said by somebody in any literate kind of like tone? Well, that makes them fun. Right. You can handle the truth. Jack Nicholson and a few good men. I could have been a contender from on the waterfront Marlon Brando and played again Sam from Kesablake. Even on a Snaught the exact line. That's what we got. And I like it. And what else do we put on there? I didn't write down. From play to again, Sam. We got fat broken stupidity in our way to go through life. We do. I guess. I don't know. Did we write that down? Yeah. Okay. We said. Okay. Those thinking badges? Nobody says I don't think we're in Kansas. No, that's the most memorable line from on the list. I don't think that's it. In a lot of movies. You're driving through South Carolina and you go to a lot of the guy. I want to get some gas and you get to the deliverance gas station and the kids in the tree with Banjo. Then you say to your friends. I think the day we went to lunch was Greg back before I started on the earth. I think that's what he said. I don't think we're in Kansas anymore. He's a little confused. I put that off of there. Okay. That's idiotic. Now what else badges? We don't need no thinking badges. Right. What we got here is failure to communicate. Right. From cool hand loop. Do you feel lucky punk? Mm-hmm. The power of Christ compels you. Right. That's it. No, it's not. Wait. There's I feel the need for speed. The one from top gone. We didn't put that in there. No, of course not. See, he does this all the time. No, I did not say yes. I feel the need for speed. This time in our favor. And if it doesn't, if it doesn't align from a movie. This town needs an animal from Batman, which I did a thing she'll go on there. Absolutely, she'll go on there, especially in song Florida. Now who said that? Sarah, gold farm. I need to feel the need for speed. Where is my music? Come on. Let's go. You're a little slow today. There we go. All right. We're going to have everything to go. Oh, I missed that. From airplane. Right. Pretty ever. The rabbi says, We've been robbed, bamboozled, let a muck. We didn't land on Pumma Throck, Pumma Throck. Pumma Throck land in us. Then's a Washington for milk and mechs. He says, I'll send you either either your Georgia dollar, whichever we need is the most. If anyone in WWE who I'm saw this movie is maybe for Troy. I thought. Rho! I saw a little bit of it in the night. I should have. I want something else. $2.00. $2.00. Okay. Yoss, I'll buck a piece. Rabbi. Once you got to say to that. Oh, yeah, figures. Keep pass. Stereotype. Coming from a very generous jewel like yours truly. I have to suffer from the stereotypes of people like the rabbi who I want to give us the dollar. Fork it over. Okay, Rabbi. We all seen Malcolm X. He infield into good. This is one of my very favorite stories. Law suit seeks to ban sale of Oreos to children in California. And the bisco taken a task over trans fats effect. I'll have to send them to discover that all your kids are fat. CBS evening news this week is doing a whole series about fat kids. And all the crap they're eating in school. And you know what? What? They're getting the fatter every minute of every day. You know, and they're getting diabetes. And you want to know why don't you? I don't want it. I'll tell you why right now. That's the American fucking way. That's right. That's what the F stands for. And what you just said fat. And that what you said the American fat and way. That's what she said. We're fattening them up like hogs being taken a slaughter. And that's what you're doing. You're killing your kids. All you people out there with your fat kids. Take it from me. I know something about fat. I'm not some skinny punk sitting here on a radio. Talking about fat that wouldn't know fat from his ass. Okay. If you could find any on it. Oreo cookie should be banned from sale. The children in California couldn't wear lawsuit filed by a San Francisco attorney who claims that trans fat. The stuff that makes the chocolate cookies crisp and their filling creamy is so dangerous children shouldn't eat it. But you know something is probably right about that. But neither should adults. Neither should adults. Right. I mean, this is just stupid. If we're going to go down the list of all the things like potato chips loaded with trans fatty acids. Mm. Right. Cookies, all kinds of pasteries, pies, cakes. All of these things are loaded with trans fats. Which we know of course we'll kill you. So why not put a warning label on the Oreo cookies, huh? Can you imagine if they tried a lot of law or because quite frankly, I mean Oreo cookies to me. They, you know, I mean, if I ate one, I could eat the whole box. Because they've got sugar. You know, it's my addition. But in terms of what that P.A. I would say like, way down on my list like about in the top. Yeah. It's like asking Sarah, which ones do you feel better with a green pills? The purple pills or the orange pills? Or the blue ones at night? God, I love that. In fact, that's my new numbed of blue. Sarah. Just call me Sarah. Yeah. I'm, I admit it. I'm Sarah. I can eat the whole half gallon if I didn't throw it out. Of course I wouldn't be here today. I wouldn't be dead, but boy, I would have had a big smile on my post of that. Of course, huh? Yeah, just a poor ice cream man. You feel like you scored when you start putting that in your post. Wow, I can see the heart gets now. Mmm, this is really good. And you put it in a microwave for about 35 seconds and just melt it down to it. And in fact, what you do is you throw it out. You get disgusted and you throw it out. And then a couple hours later you're going to garbage and you get a straw and stick it in there. Just drink it out. No, that that's why I have to pour it under hot water because it spoils it. Did you know that? Right. Well, you told me that before. If you ever throw out ice cream or you've fed and believe me, I'm not the only one who does it. I've had other people I don't want to mention no names, then. Other people admit to me that they do this all not all the time, but more than once. Get something disgusting. It's going to make them sick. Something really fathom. It'll send your blood sugar scare rocketing and you part of it and then discuss. You take the rest. What it used to be with me was spaghetti. Yeah. Spaghetti and ice cream. Those are my two fixes. Every time I get really frustrated and angry about something something horrible at work, I get like a can of a chef boy R.D. Beef erroney. I do like beef erroney. In fact, I think what beef erroney, you know what you do to take like a slice of Swiss cheese. Oh yeah. And you put the beef erroney in a bowl and you put like your wax paper on top. You're covering and you heat it up in a microwave for about 85 seconds. And it chees, the Swiss cheese just melts all into that beef erroney. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Man is that good stuff. And then of course you got to get at least a pint. Or dessert. Have your beef erroney with lots of lots of cheese in it. You know what else is real good is taking slice up hot dogs. Oh. And cheese and you put that in your beef erroney or your chef boy R.D. Spaghetti and meatballs. Huh? Oh man. I mean, we could talk about making a whole thing spaghetti which I'm pretty good at that. I'm going to make some great spaghetti. I'm talking about really quick and horny in a bunch of vegetables. How about spaghetti with just like butter and salt? Nah. Oh, that's a bad. That's for a guy a man. Well, there you go. You wonder they never let you ration Italy in the rest of either. That is really gross. Test they would frown on your ass. So anyway, they want to outlaw Oreo cookies and California in the sale for kids. It's just idiotic. Everything we're going to pass to law. How about teaching people good eating habits? How about calling the doctors in on his son? How about putting warning labels on these like they do on faggots? Don't they put warning labels on faggots? Peanut boy? Yeah. I got one in my arm. Well, that's a tattoo. That's from the Bush administration. That was John Aschroch's people came by tattooed my shoulder. Seriously, you've got to have warning labels on these things. Then the public can pick their own poison. You choose in the side. Okay. We warned you it was going to kill you instead of like everything is a law suit. It's bull crap like the people who are making donals. And the same thing with the people who are in the cigarette companies. I have no sympathy for that. That's one of the great tragedies of the law. That's ever taken place in a horse flora da was the biggest settlement. Am I correct about that? I think so. Yes. Multi-billion dollar judgments against the tobacco companies. As if anybody with a brain doesn't know that cigarette sooner or later. Probably sooner are going to kill you. You're going to die. We're supposed to be a little five six hundred. You a M. Did it go? Take the canali. Do do do do do do. And that's why I think the jettel have a cheap beanship season. The jettel. I really like tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk. This is the beast. I said shut up. That's all. But you're like a father of me. You don't talk to Lam's done talking. Well not done talking. Then you talk. Okay. I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Guff Club. Why are you on earth? I'm going to show you the business and the business thing. Come in. This court sentences you to twenty years in hours. What you info. I had a tag of my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bookmates. The names of all how it happens. Star is stage screen and paradise. What's yours? They go with me. You got so panless. Thank you. Hey. And I'm pretty so proud of you. I'm going to make you my wife. Hey, nobody wants you. God. God. Who got you? Pinky. I'm your type. You got 10 minutes. What else do you think they need? Your boat. No man. You're not new in the blaze. It's so good. Okay. Pull the power. You know who I am? No. They don't pick it up now. I'll be a blood man. All right. But I expect a Britain apology. I might just put that blue man on both sides. There. Blue man. I'll take the front. You. You. No one will see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. No one will. Jack. Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well, you see more than he. I keep getting raped. To. To. Is it that a shame? John, look into it right away. Thanks. What about tights? I'm putting it down. Drop your pen. I said drop your pen. This is odd. Spat. Favors don't come to you. No, no, no. Let's rape for free. The old big child. Oh, yes, now we pass the time away. Give the geo jail a. Oh, last. Level two of five, 60. WCM happy Tuesday two. One that's very, very obvious. How can we have forgotten speaking a bread pit? What's in the box? Do you don't like that? Well, I mean, I like it. But what do I know? Put it on there. Okay. I mean, is there any doubt? The question is, what's the most memorable line ever from a movie? How could you possibly forget that? I didn't forget it. Seven. Movie seven. What's in the box? Even though it doesn't deliver a very good reading, here's one Charlton Heston from the original planet of the apes. You're a son of a bitch. No, that's how it is. He said, get your filthy paws off me. You damn dirty apes. I don't think so, but you son of a bitch. Not bad. Not put that on, are we? No. From dirty hairy, I got stinneau. I got stinneau. This was the opening where hairy had a guy in the ground and the guy wanted to know if there was another bullet in chamber. So his Patrick and Boca, hey Patrick. No. But I got stinneau. Not bad, but we're not going to put. If we put everyone on there, we'd have like 50,000 lines. You know, and when you got 50,000 lines, even our engineering department. Put the stone all of that. What are you really sucking on? So suck us into a false sense of security this morning. Think of the actually did something. Oh, brother, should have known better. It's our own fault for being stupid. By the way, here's the final total on the who you better off under. America was better off under Bill Clinton, 360, 82.1%. George W. Bush 73, 16.8%. And that's close to our usual 18% of bushluckers we got out there. But a little bit low. A little bit low for the bushmyster. As a matter of fact, I think the bushmyster now to the corner of my eye. CBC carried a minute of it before, but I think he's there. There he is. He's not bring up a list of both. Now we don't want to talk about a list of both. But anyway, there he is. There is the bushman. Get him off of my screen. Thank you. Here's the facts from Andy and wherever he is. North Miami. Pretty bored in some damn movie. Somebody will tell you what. What was it? You must remember this. Oh, chicken cannot. Okay, you like walk and good. But you need to shoot. Shoot. Don't talk. That's horrible. Who's this from? Oh, you know, who does this from? But you don't put his name on there anymore. It's from Tim Pots. Why are you doing this? See, he knows that if he puts his name on there that you won't send it to me anymore. It's where he leaves his name off. But I can tell by the license production studio. But I don't want to even read the name. But it's Tim Pots. Go away, Tim. No, go away. May I just go away. We can't stand you. The water is coming out to play. No. Bobby, do you need any untouchables? You get farther with a kind ward in the gun that would just a kind ward. No. Somebody messes with me. I'm going to mess with him. No. And now he actually doesn't bring one to mind even though it doesn't have a right. Dustin Hoffman came out sucks. Now that's a good line from Rayman. Sure. But you know what the real definitive line from Rayman is the most memorable? I'm an excellent driver. I'm a very good driver. I'm an excellent. I'm a very good driver. Got a peanut boy. I'm a very good driver. I'm an excellent driver. I mean, I think that's an excellent deal. I'm sure he's it's an excellent driver. But he has a database over there. I'll find out and go to the line. I'm an excellent driver. Yep. Definitely. How about when he farted in the phone booth? Uh-oh fart. Oh, fart. Ha ha ha ha. Okay. The old bowl, 446 votes. How can that want to disappear yet? I wanted to go away. Okay. Make it go away. Clinton wins hands down. Okay. There he goes. Just disappeared like magic. Like drug content just came in and sucked at old pool right out of my computer. Went and doubt sucked it out. 560, 560 here's a call from Naples. Hello. I wrote the deal. Yes sir. In the King of Comedy Bob D'Aneras last line is I figured better to be King for a night than Shmuck for life. Not bad. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Not good enough for Lyspon not bad. Huh? Who said that did most say that I think? No. Oh, Moses. 567. See there he goes. Pick it on Chuck Heston again just because he's. You son of a- A little infirm here go pick it on a guy while he's down okay. Pretty good list I would say so far. Played against him. Did we figure out what movie that was from? I'm an excellent driver. That doesn't sound right to me. I thought he said I'm a very good driver. We're checking. When and doubt we're going to check it out because we want to get it right because obviously this is very important for scientific purposes naturally. And we want to make damn sure we get every last uh, Tittle and John. What is that? Chalatin's head. All the good afternoon is going up on there. Now I don't know what I'm going to vote for to be honest with you. Because especially the godfather once. There's so many good ones in the godfather. Probably will be one of the one and we didn't even put this on there. I've been your planet planes all over the United States. And you know something? Hmm? Just the- I've been your planet planes all over the United States. You know what? I mean, you're really scary buddy and their brother. And of course the surprise ripped that off also. That but I'm being. Right? Right? Then we got to forget about it from Donnie Brasco and they ripped off. Totally. Yeah, from the godfather. We keep going over that. What? They talk about the godfather constantly. That's why they- I don't care what they talk about. They ripped it off. There are commercials for Italian restaurants where they say, The thing- Yeah, but I'm being. We got some chain of Italian restaurants here in Toronto. All their TV spots. At the end he says, But I'm being bad at boom. Something like that. But I'm being- I can't. Yeah, something. Do we want to put that on there? But I'm being- Because certainly more people say, But I'm being than, huh? Sure? Have you ever heard anybody say, Play it again, Sam? No. Ha ha ha ha ha. I mean, we're going to put that on there because it's memorable. But I never quite- You know, gore their conversation. But I mean, but I'm being- Everybody says, but I'm being. Sure? Even if they don't know what their look means, But I'm being. Or sometimes they- They give a little confuses if they're buff on Google, And then of course they get- But I'm being. Now who the hell is that? Oh, fat riches on the phone. How's fat rich doing? How you doing Neil? Great. I have a line for you. Okay. How about Houston? We have a problem. From Apollo 13. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, we use- Yeah, we use- we even use it- Excellent. And the computer business. Anyway. I think that's what Donald Brainer says when he's out there in the middle of the track. Exactly. Haven't seen him in a while. Good. Okay. Well, I'll see you when I get back. We're going to stuff me in a tough feto, And I'm going to be- When he sends wedding, and I'll- When's the wedding? June, June 8th. Excellent. And I'll- A big muscle tough to him. Thank you. Okay, rich take care. Great. Fat rich call. He's got his sons to get married, June 8th. You started about that, Eric? Good kid. Houston, we have a problem. It's from Apollo- Apollo Creed. Yeah. I mean- Huh? Apollo 13. I know what is from it's the John Glenn thing, man. Right? I never saw it. Well, it's not the right stuff one. Oh, that's right. The right stuff was the one. Well, whatever it is, okay. I'll do it. Apollo 13, Apollo 5, whatever it is. Houston, we have a problem. Isn't that what the Bobby's always saying to Whitney? And they usually do. For a minute, staff to 11 at 5.60, W.C. Let's play Bobby Brown. You know, I feel like I'm in the Frank's Dapomood. Don't you feel like you're in the old Frank's Dapom? Always. I could play Bobby Bar. Hey there. People I'm Bob. They're Brown. Oh, we don't have time right now. I do want to play that. Welcome everybody. It's a 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 W.C. I'm here in a really crappy job. Like Carlos, for example, he's making one about three bucks an hour. Well, that's pretty cool. Like about 275. Here's the answer for you. How about a new high-paying computer job? Don't forget computer professionals are in high demand. In fact, there's so high that some people are getting in the inverse bite. It's incredible. And here's the deal. If you want to start getting the Big Fad paycheck every day, the answer is to get that training from our friends at Fast Train. In just four short months, you can say goodbye to your crap old job and your crap old boss and start on a real high-paying career in the computer industry. But you got to get training. And you do that at Fast Train. Call and find out about it at 1-8-6-Fast Train and say goodbye to that dead-end job in life forever. 1-8-6-Fast Train. Fast Train offers you convenient day, even when we can. Classes. You can check them out on their website at Fast Train.com. And one of these days, you can be carrying home a big fat paycheck. Just like Todd Dreck does, we have no idea why he's getting it. But he's got a big fat one. Fast Train's got locations all over town, so there's about to be one convenient to where you live. They're in Miami, they're in Kendall, Pembro Pies and Fort Lauderdale too. And register and don't forget at Fast Train.com to receive your free American flagbubber sticker, while it's still the land of the free and the home of the Braves. Pick up the phone and call Fast Train today, tool free and get yourself on a right road to a real life. Call 1-8-6-6-Fast Train. KILL THIS IS GOING TO 20 o'clock. You weigh M. Are you okay? He lives on Gris treatment. Have me a little哀 and he knows how to solve Wss. King, why don't you die. He knows how to Dream. Ooo what happened? Angels told and petos monkey! Women called, they could look real fine Eighteen, mandrares the whiz, whiz, and dollars One, two, three, and two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, three, three, four, we're all the creatures being. I wonder, what's their feelings similar? They said they like a judgebox, and all they need a notice, they feel the truth like I know. Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh, uh-uh não-del雙 Would they live so in a queer three? Linkers will realize what done queer three? He had that house and oh sky. Houston, we have a problem. What we have here is a failure to communicate. There's two of them put together for him. Because be here boy, for some strange reason, even though the pull is up now, and I'm looking for what I'm going to vote for on here. And I'm thinking, I don't see any of the ones that I might actually vote for. And that's the reason for the ones that we started to pull with none of them are on there. They will be. What does that mean? They will be. There's conference calling and, uh, they'll be appearing magically. Forget about it. I mean, all the really outstanding ones that immediately can't, I'm going to make it an awkward camera fuse. Leave the gun, take the canoli. Here is Johnny. I'm as mad as Helen. I'm not going to take this anymore. And all those other ones. They're not on there yet. Even I'm dying over here. That's not on there. Anyway, some obvious ones that we forgot were embarrassed. For example, it works the lotion in the basket. How to get that on there. Got it? Got it. Life is like a box of chocolates from that awful horrendous timehanks movie. Oh, God, forced dump. The worst. But it's got to be on there. Life is like a box of chocolates for the dumb crowd. You know, for people who remember dumb things from dumb movies, from dumb characters. Here's one as, and I hate to say this also from Terminator. I still have East the Baby from Arnold. Got to be on there, don't it? Sure? Absolutely. Of course he's already. He's like embroiled in this other controversy. How did that happen? We started the list and you know. And of course so obvious when we forgot this, this is pretty embarrassing. Get the funny tune, yeah. No question about it. Deliverance, this corn sure is special. I don't think so. You think? No. And thank you all with the line from deliverance would be. You sure got a pretty mouth. Can we get right? He's that real bird. There you go. You sure got a real pretty mouth. Thanks from deliverance that's the one he's never get the rain man one that's right now. Yes. I'm an excellent driver. Yep. Told you Sure got a pretty sure got a pretty mouth Whatever it's close to that deliverance you say whatever way one. Let's see we got the Arabadouval. I love this smell and they pop in the morning And right that's the first one listed on a poll that I'm looking at over here and it's missing the 20 best ones Somebody really screwed up big time Let's see here are Jay and tapas is here's looking at you. Can we got that but we don't know what movie it's from we think has a blanket Humphrey Bogart we know said it what is it like it was guys of like yeah Well you must remember this no chicken cannot kiss ET phone home No, it says tacky but it's memorable. No, no ET lines, please Alex who just try keeps trying I'm going Alex just keep banging away on it something will happen to it aliens. Let's rock. No, no Terminator I'll be back. Can we already have that? I think so yeah, we do have it at least we should have it there it in fact it's already up there It's one of the few that's made in the sense from the pink path or does your dog bite no dog bite sellers? That's not my dog What I may have secured seen but is that a memorable line? No Here's another one Chris and Winston Salem says I am God Alex Baldwin as the evil doctor in the movie malice Oh, remember that malice of Alice about Alice Rantelle was the Alice Rantelle story malice of Alice I am God. There. Good. I don't think so. Thanks anyway though Chris. I try you could have been a contender Chris, but he picked a pretty Forgitable line 5 6 7 0 5 16 now. We're gonna get these other ones up on here Oh, they'll get there. Well, yeah, but then one one. Can I vote? I mean like about 4 30 to sack noon? Okay I would like to catch the vote, but certainly the ones that are on here. I mean do I am use use? That's pretty good From good fellas do I am use use? And there's a pretty amusing guy And I still say that in Donnie Brasco that's my only knock on a movie beside the fact that Al Pacino's acting was embarrassing as lucky But the Joe Peshie guy. What's his name again? Bruno Kirby. Yeah, I mean is a good actor But we just didn't need another Joe Peshie and I'm over that came out almost the same time as good fellows who it just too obvious You know, it would have been like if they would have picked James Woods to play Donnie Brasco Just because they had a guy with Zits in good fellas In fact, that's a good pull. We already done that who's got the worst the most terminals. It's right Wayne high Wayne high Pinga Ray Leota James Woods, huh? Right Adam who's yellow one right Adams Frank Adams has a Zit problem. Oh, not anymore. No, he just has a lot of facial scars. I heard he was a Zit head Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello new. Yes, sir. Yes, yes, yeah good grateful grateful I had it is great. I had a couple of them, but then um, he just Then I have to fire a little bit But let me let you know how full metal jacket me so honey Yeah, that's a good one and fact you know where they got that line from no chair They stole that line from your Larry King show me so horned All right, I was my pull, but I had a couple of more, but I'm you know, I'm sure that's not movies And stuff like I want this to be a good fool Yeah, you know, just a little bit because you have a silly one of course Buds bunny. I was up dark after about it Okay, all right, that's all folks. Okay, so full metal jacket me so honey. What's wrong with the me so hornie? Huh? Nothing. That's cute I'm right where am I right in it down? There's no point in my writing them down. Whatever pops up on here That's I guess what the choices all have whatever they just whatever our green first decides to put on there 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless on FCC close to easy media cats Oh, this machine at its on our website today. They lengthy story The FCC is moving close to the easing its media ownership cats It will happen. It's a done deal all the stuff and there's a thing you can click on here to tell your representatives in the FCC What you think it won't help. Gourne is to often but you can try Because come the second adjoon That's what they're gonna do you got your three Republicans in two Democrats the two Democrats are gonna vote no and the three Republicans Including Michael Paul the chairman of the FCC in the son of Cole and we'll go there. It'll be a done deal For their friends at cheap channel and via com and Rupert Murdock and all these other right wing lunatics And so pretty suitable. Make any different how many channels you have on your radio or your TV because they're all gonna be seeing the same thing I thought I thought yeah, that's what's gonna be all rush all day. I'll spin all day It's kind of like a dryer that never goes off to spin cycle Or is that the washer washer like I said it's kind of like a washer 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's the lady in Cooper City hello. Hi uncle. Meal. How are you great? How are you doing? I'm doing great great line Someone hiring that Sally in the deli when Ned Ryan is faking her orgasm and the lady at the next table tells her wait for us. I'll have what she's having It's great. It is classic Excellent thanks have a wonderful day sir in YouTube I'll have what she's having. That's good We do it. I'm of course we're doing it crazy. We'll set you rejected it earlier I did I let me tell you I know there's no lines from gas light in this poll today I've seen it. Okay, all right Maybe it maybe a glossed over it Let's see rich patch. There's out of control or maybe this isn't maybe it's somebody who's writing is like his It's a in in Friday the dad comes out of the bathroom with a new A newspaper and says I wouldn't go in there for 25 to 35 minutes What's one usual about that we always hear that a Q.A.M. Especially exact has been in there like yesterday. Oh my god Talk about having a Zack attack They were fumigating buildings too blocks away For Chuck at the sub center. He said there's still fumigating also puff puff give you effing Give you effing up the rotation What puff puff give puff puff give That's from the same way as we're Friday when he would they were spoken to join and One of the guys was holding onto it too long No, let's see these go to 11 spinal tab No, I see dead people the sixth sense No, I know reckon I got no reason to kill nobody sling blade No, I smell love the a small day pommet. I'm more we got in there. Are you gonna need a bigger boat jaws? And you say I mean we can't put them all on there. This is like every line from every movie that's ever been made already But ones that really like stick out the ones that you're saying all all the time Just stop and think about it. Okay Use this show as a barometer which is always a great barometer of life because that's what this show is to say Barometer of American life and intelligence for example Sure how many times did it we say that about 30 I would say at least minimum on a good day Here's one nobody's perfect Joey Brown Jack lemon. I'm a man from some like it. Hi one Okay, nice artwork though in a facts oh Yeah, this is good from This is excellent. How could we have forgotten about your mama so socks in hell? Well, that's not the exact line, but I can't see right we know from the exercises another subliminal reference to George it says From a chronic this from somebody's crime Here's looking at you kid from Casablanca. Thank you Jane Tampa We got that screen not only moments ago. It must've been psychic. Thank you rose buds citizen came We got to put that on there and nobody says rose bud huh? No I mean they're always quoting that because citizen can't so overhyped and overblown if I can say that but I'm gonna try to make sense in hell that we're putting rose bud on there right bud Yeah, and then as much as I like the movie The only reason that they have the sun is because we played it all the time when Anne Vancroft from a fatso Which he says you ain't the only which is a great line but nobody knows that yeah Hello gorgeous from funny girl and There's no place like home from the Wizard of Oz No 28 past 11 at five 60 WQ and you know talk is cheap It's easy to throw on a lot of really appealing low numbers But when it comes right down to it. What can you really get refinance that 5% 4% what's the number? How about 2.45% with financial group with interest rates of just 2.45% It's really your best bet and it's rock solid like granite so call financial group right now toll free at 1-800-940 Lend that's financial group 1-800-940 Interest rates are at all time lows right now so why not refinance your homer by you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing 2.45% financing with financial group is what we're talking about and here's what that'll do those monthly payments for example for instance If you had yourself a 200 thousand dollar loan you pay only 70-86 a month if you have a 100 thousand dollar loan Your payments are only 393 bucks a month So get you 2.45% financing now from financial group by calling a sole free number to a heavy answer all your questions no obligation of course Call 1-800-940-Lend that's financial group at 1-800-940 Lend either an equal housing letter credit restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 5.34 APR Sports radio 560-US In light of Germany's blatant disregard for all things American this radio station invites you to join us in the boycott of the following people places and things German data salad not for a spot where it's perfect new can Boris Becker Boris Carlos small mustache is stocky Harry women who are mean Stairwise leader Hosan German measles for colicolk trot sugars who vies the fulp and brothers the brothers grand canceling rental dark beer not mandatory Weiner's weiner's net's a sober German Shepherd's Brigitte Nielsen Maloney pretzels the sound of music on DVD cabaret a musical and Joe Gray and anything associated with Joe Gray Wolfgang Pots snails are segment-froid Wagner Ron Racer's struttle accordion Zamfier master of the panful Wayne Newton black forest cake the very-in-cream pie Birkenstock's hogging-daz ice cream Colonel clank is played by Warner Clempower collectible beer stines Frankenstein David Hasselhoff and the cast of they watched. Thank you You're welcome. It's 332 at five 60 wq and more pull is what's the most memorable line ever from a movie You'll be amazed and I voted and I realized we got like 80 symbols on there already while I was a busy nap and waiting for the choices to go up I didn't vote for something from the godfather Aren't you shocked? shock what do you think I voted for? I don't know because I was waiting That's a horrible price The result and there is there are a couple like the one somebody suggested your mother's so socks and hell There's another one know what she's doing herself with the crucifix Yes, she says let Jesus We don't want to get the Jesus Christ. There's two of says so we don't want to put that on there Huh? No, that would be bad so we'll have to you know stick with A label All right What is it the socks line on there that weren't we? No your mother sucks uh Locks in hell That's terrible. We're not putting it are we putting that on there. What up? Okay like I said put it on there You know what else is a good line from there that we could put on I'm a Catholic What do you think not as good as the other ones? Oh, okay Not as x-ray to the other one that's why George wants it on her because it's it's uh filthy disgusting Rotese and pretty amusing 567 what you was that movie 73 young guests Well, we know if you get up really not all look it up. I got her he's got important things to do I got my book right here. I'm already on the F's as in F you Uh Here's Exodus The x-axis is 19 what did you say 73 Right on the money wow, I'm going to the track outstanding Now what does it say sure enough to bring the active x-axis in the grill or blindes with a spectacular levitation It would all be forgivable somehow if the film was at all likely to order anyone's perceptions one job But all the x-axis does is take its audience for a ride spewing out the other end Shit up, but none the wiser. What what is that? Although heroine it's a fest depend entirely on technical manipulation and with Freedkins pedestrian handling a background story and supporting characters were left more or less willing to The film toward its climax a lot of bunch of sues one of the great movies of all time is that that Brit book? Yeah, I'm going out today. I'm giving me another book. I hate that book Even oh lately they've been pretty much on target, but that's because I have it will agree with them I mean how could you not the x-axis do you have to be yeah? Be some kind of a moron probably some professional Catholics wrote that When you think at least or become a dentist something to do with it. Yeah, that one Let's see here we got some votes on there. What's the most memorable line ever from a movie ever? I'll be back terminated 14 as a good choice. I like it You can't handle the truth two good men nine what we have here is a failure to communicate cool and look nine Say hello to my little friend nine But I always say goodbye when I say that Play it again, Sam Casablanca eight You feel lucky punk from dirty hairy seven Jimmy have ever seen a grown man naked from airplane seven you talk at a mate taxi driver seven made a force be with you six I mean, you know the star wars stuff. It's I love the smell of Napoman a morning apocalypse now five Fast drunken stupid is nobody goes through life five a fat what I say fast Animal house or we come I think a general Lucy. I think at the beast Who put the allotion and no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, now we put the lotion in the basket. That's the line I thought it was it puts the lotion in the back it puts the lotion in the basket. What is wrong with you being a boy? I know that's not an ericism. That's you it puts the lotion in the basket There it is right there from the horses ass you got it of all the lines in the world to be screwing that up Hey Eric don't pay attention to him. Okay. It puts the lotion in the basket silence at a land. Do I am you's use? I like the way we spell that that's correct good fellows. I like the use I could have been a contender on the waterfront it's got a pair What would just this thing just got up here what would to go kind of like a sneak in there while I was looking The power of Christ can tell you's only got one and that was my vote and I'm proud to say it on 105 votes It's only got one Probably the same people are hoping today who wrote that review and at this thing in book 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon World's line little by realize what a mammoth project is you know it Oh yeah I'd like about 75 million movies so there's got to be about if there's like five Memorable lines in each movie that's like 475 million lines So what we finished is like in the middle of November Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Okay. What's up? Yes sir. All right. I got two of them. Okay. One is Seems like all time when the spends lady was up on the Upon the stand she said I had to give my feet a scrape and The other one is a catty shop catty shack with Dilmeri's He says If I pull it out when you suck out the poison Not bad. I like him both but needs a one I'm going on earlier. No no if the question is memorable I don't remember that line it was funny It was cute, but I don't remember it. You don't remember catty shack I was looking at how to check. Do you want you to get in yesterday? Yeah, that was here. You got to understand the QM audience They watched catty shack Monday Wednesday and Friday Tuesday 30 through the insederate animal house And then on Sunday it's kind of like pot luck Because don't forget you won't find happiness in South Florida don't forget that okay. Oh No, stay per me so I'll keep no happiness in South Florida. Yeah, they can always take a boar It was illegal that was you couldn't find it with both hands And happy to see there. I've we got this all straight now peanut boy. We got everybody on the same page now Yeah See didn't sound to. It didn't sound too confident about that I want to see yet still says we put the lotion in the basket. It's got three votes it would have a lot more If they knew what the line was it puts the lotion in the basket God of all the lines in a world how could you possibly not know that line you don't understand if you like anything to with this show I ate it with some father meat it was a nice candy got it straightened out yeah it wasn't that I didn't know the line a little type of graphical error when I was typing I was an autopilot two dollars and forty cents an hour and dropping like a rock plus that yeah well listen now that you got that nice title though like I said a buck eighty seven twenty one till noon at five sixty wq m lemme tell you one more time today about losing some weight all of us fed people we know it we tried every cut a dot every kind of weight loss a fat every pill every skim that ever came down wrote in guess what most of us are still fat we're sick run healthy word desperate we're discussed it with the way to one look in the mirror lot of us have already got diabetes if you want to lose the way there lots of things you can try one of them is balanced for life which is working for so many people even pony tail over there who's surrounded by food all day at the piece of up even he lost weight on balance for life and was ecstatic with it he thought it was great and you will too because they take all the figry out of it they make it as simple even a moron can do it there's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting they bring you that great little black sack that's the key as but your security blanket every day you got your black sack waiting for your door by six a.m. at your work at your home at your pub time where we hang in the oven the overpass and in your black sack there are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks all fresh delicious goodies you only thing you have to think about is they send you a menu every week and you have two choices for each meal and snack every day that's your own a program that's the only choice you have to make another not the way just pours off your body and you'll be full because there's plenty of food to keep you full all day long every day not these little teeny tiny cans of crap like some of those pootry system things forget about that that's garbage this stuff really works and delicious at the same time so if you've tried all the others in a failed here's something that might really do the job for you balance for life let you self get into shape once and for all and get rid of that disgusting grotesque nasty unhealthy fat call balance for like today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine if you want more information about it just check out their website at balance for life dot com my life and look all this is for twenty five sixty two eight two eight eight five five five five five five five five five CBS so the thing I voted for the exorcist. Me too. You have a union vote for the one I voted for. Probably not. You voted for some disgusting, perverted sick twisted filthy, amusing line. Did it amuse you? Yeah, I did it actually. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Play a little bit of that music because I got an email on sending to somebody here. My financial guy would say, just want to finish this little message. No problem. I'll probably put the salsa. Yeah. Or some of his new man-hives theme role is the dance. So, it's patriotic. Got the new, Todd Boy. Deal with Todd Boy. Okay, I sent it. No, I just kind of like, consider that like when Hank talks to his bookie in the middle of the show. But we understand. This was my bookie. Now let's see. I've also got some other emails on here that I haven't seen yet from a limb. Let's see. What? Mary Kitchen roast beef hash. What? Mary Kitchen roast beef hash. What does that mean? Is that a line from a movie? I don't know. Is it a sentence? It's got like several exclamation points after it. Mary Kitchen roast beef hash. I don't know what that means. Beer? No, he's not. How about a loss? King Kong, was beauty, killed the beast. It's actually a very famous line. Yeah, what is? Bro, speed pass? That's a, that's a, was beauty. Okay, let's put that on there to pacify Lynn and just the camera down a little bit before she starts eating the Vinn Juries. Butter pecan. I don't want to let out of the closet. This is eating butter pecan up there. You think that somebody is sophisticated from New York City would be eaten something more that tasted in butter pecan? Butter pecan, by the way, is for Shrochrochos. 15 till noon at 5.60. WDQ, we got the mad dog, the angry puppy at one. We got the hopper. I want to treat this snack, noon. We got some more marlin baseball tonight after the big. Oh, he'll be on because we got nobody else on at seven o'clock tonight. Big old good guy and like I've always said about that show. What somebody please teach him, or just tell him, be there with even duck, because being are also toxic. I can't like spanglish baby talk. Fucking. Yeah, like that. That's what the, in fact, that's the big, oh, it's going to be Zopinine. Oh, yeah. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, I have too. Okay. That's Davis. Tighten your seatbelt is going to be a bumpy ride. Oh, that's good. And then you know what, it's where the, her understudy tries to take over the, her movie, but I'd remember the name of the thing, but. Okay, somebody will know. And may West come up and see me some. Come up and see me sometime. Excellent. Okay. Thanks. You're welcome. See you. Come up and see me sometime. May West got it. Got it. That's M.A.E. For a venerine or how to spell me West. You would know me from where Clint East would. Do you know I don't need to spell it, do I? There's four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Hang on. What's there? What do you mean by that you don't need to spell it? Movie titles down. What movie did she say that in? Oh, I don't know. That's a good point. We'll look up right now. Yes, yes, sir. Yeah, you just put up one of them that I had. We'll go ahead and make my day. But the other one that's got to be up there is show me the money. Some Jerry McGuire. Right. Yeah. Big and here. Big one in here. You got it. Thanks, Neil. Thank you. Yeah, show me the money is like good. I'll get a lot of votes. From Jerry McGuire. Yeah. Wasn't that a Tom Cruise movie? Yep. Never saw it. I didn't either. Was it any good? No. Wasn't about it. Were you saw it? Yeah. I'll say it this being. Of course, it's interesting when you're under the overpass. And you're the only guy under the overpass. It's got a DVD player. I guess, you know, you'd like to show off. I have portable ones now. I have to look at other people's windows. They got them portable toilets to infect. It was a story. Did you see that about, um, Microsoft about that portable toilet scam on that story in London about the I'll do a website? No. Well, forget about it. Forget about it. I'll be back. This is a contest. The most memorable line ever from a movie. I'll be back the terminated 21. Say hello to my little friend, Scarface 19. What we have here is a failure to communicate. Cool that looks 17. You can handle the truth. 12. Jimmy, have you seen a grown man naked 12? You talking to me? 10. You know, I haven't seen that movie in years. I gotta, I'm going to get that today. I think. Taxi driver? Yeah. I mean, that's what you can watch many many times. You know, like 20 or 30 times. Oh, I have a suit in that oven. A fat truck in stupid is nobody to go through life animal house nine. Play it again, Sam. 8. You feel lucky, punk seven. I love the smell of Nick home in the morning seven. May the force be with you six. Am I the only one I voted for the spirit of, let's see. The power of Christ can pull on two. Thank goodness, too. This town needs an animal one. It's set of records. I'm not going to read them all. Let's see. We got to figure out the show me the money was during a choir. Tighten your air. Come up and see me sometime. May I ask do we know what movie that was? No. Actually. What was it? She done him wrong. That was the name of the movie. Yep. Instead of the name of the movie, just put me washed. Okay. Got it. We got it. Okay. Because nobody's going to know the name of that movie. Said people are like 400 years old. Nobody's going to know that. They're like, what is that? That a couple of them see me sometime. That's not that's a line that's often misquoted. Just like a plate against him. I'll be damned. Is there anything that this punk doesn't know? No. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's my any. Hello. Uh-huh. Hey. Hey. Hey. I need a lot about two of them. One from Caddy Shack with us. It's in a rental story. It's a film story. And then solar green is people. Oh, yeah. What do they say is that? I'm from Sholog Green. Soilant Green is made out of people. It's people. It's what's the line. That's my point. My point. Green is made out of people. Okay. Thank you, sir. I thought you got it. Is that the line? That's the line. Soilant Green is made out of people. I know. Revolutionary boy Oscar winning line. But that's it. No, but it is a great line. And it's almost as good as Boca burgers are made out of people. So that's funny. I like that. Which is funny. Well, I'll leave it up to you and put it on there. No, I don't care. I already could cure less. It's a good movie. But the 567.0560. 184 votes. Including civilized don't have any yet. I always wonder about those like, Yo, Adrian. How can Yo, Adrian not have any, huh? We got some dumb people out there. They were like sliced the lo and movies. That rocky thing. Why? That's scary. That tells you almost everything you need to know about what's wrong with America. Right there is rocky and of course. And of course, number one, I'll be back. Who do you think appeals to a demor audience? Small, at least Arnold has got like a lot of visual effects in his movies. Absolutely. Right. Right. Whereas sliced is just like dumb. You know, like you literate. Like, uh, here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm on the air. I can barely hear you. I'm on a cell phone. I hear you great. Sounds like we're having guns to me. And reference to your email that you couldn't understand the final line when Jackie Police has said to send you came from my blind. Smoking in the band is the move. You there? I'm here. Okay. You got that? You came from my line. That's the line you're looking for. Is it? Okay. Thanks. Whatever you say. You're looking for a guy who's talking about. Yeah. I'm trying to ignore it. No, okay. Me too. He sounded like Reverend Jones anyway. 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'll be back and say hello to my little friend. Our name Nippon Talk Battle for Tom Spon. This is a good poll today. Earlier we asked, uh, it was America better off under Bill Clinton, George W. Bush. Fifty million people said Bill Clinton and about three said the George W. When that was the result. Right. Two hundred billion people said Bill Clinton and two said the W. I think both of their last name was Bush. I think one was like Chris Bush. Got a question about our poll. I've got your pardon? I've got a question about poll. Well, let me take this call first. WQA and hello. Naomi? Yes sir. I don't. Speak to me sir, yes. Okay. I got the best one of all. Okay. Frankly, my dear. I don't give it down. No. You should see the stack of faxes I'm throw it away. Yeah. Well, that's probably my fault because I'm not reading them all off, but that will take forever. We got too many on it to read them all. How about forget about it? Is that on there? Yeah. And it doesn't have any votes? Well, that was one of the ones I was put on a little bit late. Yeah, you're so you're scrolling my poll here, Mr. Now, what was your question? Oh, that Betty Davis line passing your seatbelt. It's going to be a bumpy ride. That wasn't all about Eve. Should we put the movie or just put a Betty Davis? All about Eve. Everybody knows that movie. All about Eve. What's in the box? I don't see one I'm looking for. Oh, there it is. There's no votes. Forget about it. First of all, it's not for a get about it. Okay. Forget about it. Do you see the West spelled it now? It should be faggot. You should be able to understand that since you smoked so many of me every day. You work with one or more. It's not on your list. It was the first one on my list. Forget about it. I'm going to get it there. Oh, there it is. What is wrong with you? I didn't scroll it properly. You shouldn't have two G's as in faggot with an E. Forget about it. Not forget about it. What's wrong with you, man? You're never going to get a lot of be loud in Italy either. Oh, that's right. I forgot we got two sticks. They would let you into Spain. I'll guarantee you that. Not a chance unless you start listing a little bit better. The five six, seven odd. I mean, forget about it. It's got no votes. I'll guarantee you there are more. I'll have a lot more people say forget about it. Then I'll be back. Is there any doubt about that? Forget about it. Oh, man. What is with you people? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hey. Yes, man. I don't know if everybody says it. But in the movie, I think it was Patriot Gain's Harrison Ford says, How dare you serve? Oh, and there's a real old one called, I don't know the movie. It's warm to call. She says, I'd love to, but I have to wash my hair. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. You want to put that down? What? I'd love to, but I have to wash my hair. Now, I don't even know what that's all about. That's all I've learned before. And I just saw that when we'd defend again a couple of times. Remember I mentioned that two last week? You're a fan? We'd learn before and whoever that hot young stalker is. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'll be back. Say hello to my little friend. I might as well be the whole list. Then the list we won't have to waste our time. I'm not going to read the number of votes just from the top. What we have here is a failure to communicate. You can't handle the truth. Jimmy, if you ever see the grown man naked, fat truck and stupid is no way to go through life. You talking to me? Play it again. Sam, I'm going to make him an offer. We can't refuse. I love the smell of napalm in a morning. Do you feel lucky, punk? Geez, and I just went flying down this thing. Where does it? Don't you hate when it happens? The force be with you. We didn't need those sticking badges. Your mama sucks a lot in hell. It puts the lotion in the basket. We got that right. Thank you. Go ahead and make my day. I couldn't have been a contender. I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore. Do I am used? The power of Christ compels you up to three now. I still have Easter baby. Get the honey junior. Leave the gun. Take the canole. Frankly, my dear. I don't give a damn. No wire hangers. Houston, we have a problem. He's got a real pretty mouth. He here is Johnny. I'm an excellent driver. This town needs an enema. Me so horny. What's in the box? Does that have any votes? Why? It's got one. I feel the need for speed. I'm dying over here. Oh, forget about it. Still doesn't have one vote. I'm just, I'm a gas. Aren't you a gas? How's that possible? Yo Adrian also has no votes. Life is like a bucket of boxes of chocolates. No votes. And I'll have what she's having. Zero out of two, two, two. Well, you know what I said to that pull? What? Forget about it. 1157 at 560 WQM. You'll see it'll pick up a whole bunch of oats in the noon to one hour. You watch Mark My Words or forget about it. That is a damn good movie. Don't you brush. Why don't you know what anybody says? This audience rebels because Johnny Depp, like I told you before, he's threatening to our heterosexual male audience. Oh, is that it? He is. He's threatening. He's a threat. They don't like the fact that he looks like that and they look like whatever they look like. He no matter what you look like, here's something that can only help and that's Olimit. Olimit soft gel capsules contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil but best in the world. Not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil, like you find in a bottle in the market. But super concentrated olive oil loaded with all kinds of things and helped benefit for you. Olimit in your post every day can produce the risk of heart disease in high cholesterol and there are 14 different oliumite formulas for which that you can pick from. Each one combining the best olive oil you can buy anywhere with vitamins, minerals, and rules to support specific needs in your health from your bones, to your blood pressure, and your immune system. All you do is pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need. And now they've got three exciting new oliumite formulas to help you sleep. What a help you control that weight. And sell Q10. Cook Q10 for your heart. Pick some up today just about wherever you shop more and more people are pop at it. You'll find that public's efforts, law greens, whole food markets, and a virus and sedaners or order oliumite online if you like it. Olimit in America.com. If you want more information about their nifty products called full free, 1-866-Orealmeat. That's 1-866-655-36633. But whatever you do for better health, start poppin some oliumite in your post real soon. And low. This is 4-0-560. I am proud you're an arrosan laden. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new roky, a monster hour. See how you can do it. Coming up tonight, on inside of behind the two Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. The startling true story of a man who wouldn't listen to his manager and ended up biting it very hard. He was Terrence Trent Darby. You're one of the tallest first album introducing the hotline. I said okay, trendy, New York, lock boy. I don't know what the f*** it means, but go ahead. Terrence Trent Darby's manager, Jeff Stools. You're looking back? I should have known. The guy has three names, you know, like Harry Hans-Rong Purple, Grip or something, you know, that pretentious upper west side. We think we're British horses. With a success of his first single, wishing well. Stools urged Darby not to alienate his fans with any more quote, fruity-assed art crap, unquote. But Darby didn't listen. His second album would completely unnoticed. It's title, neither fish nor flesh. A soundtrack of love, faith, hope, and resurrection. Daniel f***ing believe it. I said Terrence, I'm dying here. I got three kids who need toilet paper to wipe their runny asses and you give me fish and flesh and hope and resurrection. I ought to f***ing kill you. As Chet Stools home in business, went into foreclosure, he begged Darby to listen to a reason. Unmoved. Darby released a third record. Symphony or damn, exploring the tension inside the sweetness. If I ever see this f*** again, I am gonna ram his contracts so far up his ass. Yes, he was going to say ass. But tonight for the first time, Terrence Trent Darby himself responds to accusations that he's a complete f***ing pay. That's a great title for an album. The artist responds to accusations that he's a complete f***ing. Christ, I need a new job. It's a big juicy, softening with like a show business tonight. On his side of the behind. Okay, can't wait. 12 out to a five-sixth year. This is gonna really complex. Anyway, Mary Kitchen is better than Chef Boyardy. That's what Lynn is trying to convey to me. Do you ever hear Mary Kitchen? No. Must be in New York, Brand, I never heard of it. Mary Kitchen. I can't imagine anything being better than Chef Boyardy when you're in a mood for that. I'm not saying it's good. They're like, they never say anything like that. But Chef Boyardy, a full-fills a certain massacist need when you want to punish yourself. Anyway, now, in the first of all, where's the one where's the fact you sent me about the correct quote? Oh, here it is. It says, isn't the line in silence that lines actually? It puts the lotion on its skin, it rls it gets the hose again. Well, there's different lines. It's a lot of lotion on it's skin. It does this whenever it's cold. And then there's... It rubs the lotion on its skin, or else it gets the hose again. See, there's the one, and then there's... Calibration is the lotion in the basket. And then finally... What the f***ing rls, you're in the bag! That's why we just stick with a more simple... It puts the lotion in the bag. Yeah, that'll suffice, okay? That's one we love. I'll be really loving it. I'll be loving it. We have a lot of... an exact quote on here, but it's what they say. Exactly. Exactly. In exactly. Mark says, three suggestions, I like this one. I want my cigarettes misratched from Cookwus Nest. Another off miscoded line. This one says, misratched, not in the rest ratchet. You're absolutely correct. You are... Absolutely correct. I want my cigarettes misratched. You're right. Frankly, my dear, I don't give it in. We got that. Go ahead and make my day is from sudden impact. Not dirty, here is many people assume. How do you like that? Suddenly, in fact, is a dirty Harry movie, which we discussed remember? That it was a little much of dirty Harry. I want to see it here. Don't nitpick with us, Mark. Okay, just be satisfied with dirty Harry. Okay, whatever. But let's get that cookwus Nest on there. Got it? Got it. Here's a good one from John Waters. Female trouble. But I better get the bleep ready for this. I wouldn't suck your lousy bleep. If I was suffocating and there was oxygen in your balls, it's a very good line. That is a good line. We're not going to put it on there, but it's a great line. I wouldn't suck your lousy bleep if I was suffocating and there was oxygen in your balls. Or you're going to have to say balls, Tom Jick, have you writing that up? Fred from Chicago says, How about she's my daughter and my sister from Chinatown? One word, plastics from the graduate. Now, oh, and you know my tutor? I know your tutor. One word, computer chips. Remember that scene? Computer chips. But that's towards, computer chips. How great is good from all street? Okay, thank you so much for response on those other smooths. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. I'm going to say that you're going to have to do this. Here's what it says. I just ordered happiness on Circa City, Kamu with 999 shipping was free 3-7 business days. Good. Requiem for Grim is 299 or PS. When is Neil going to watch momentum? I'm anxious to see his opinion. One of these days. I mean, you kind of like sour me on the whole experience. You said I'll never last 15 minutes or somebody said that. I didn't say that. I said I liked that movie a lot. Yeah, you also liked that. Holy. No, let's see this. No, you liked boy. Get out of here. Quit trying to blame him for that. You're the one that got me into that bully crap. Wasting like two hours of my life with a piece of crap. The worst. The absolute worst. And wait till you hear this. And I missed it. I missed like all a set the last five minutes on A&E yesterday. They had the documentary. Did the real story. Bobby, a little bit of a kid's name was in Weston. The one that they took out murdered. They had the real story on it. Should have seen that. I'll be there. Now I'm not talking about whether they look good. It just happened to be a local story. And probably the real story was more interesting than the awful, awful movie. Don't go out and see bully. Is that a reason? What movie? Yeah, here it's almost as good as kids. Another one on the theater boys recommended us kids and the demo. Or whatever that piece of crap was. Anybody wants those? They're sitting in the other room. I'm using them as coasters. Bring them down. I'll be back. I don't mean I'm coming back. I mean Terminator 28 votes. See hello to my little friend 24. And what we have here is a faded communicate 21. Those are the top three and there's a lot of others over it on their ass. Pretty close. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Mary Kitchen. Never heard of it. Like I said in New York thing, got to be. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, man. Yes, I love those for part-table and gong at the wind. Frankly, dear. I don't give a damn. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. It's on there. How many votes is that, God? Uh, I don't see it. I'm looking at eight. It's got eight. Like I said, what a great guess. Frankly, my dear. I don't give a damn. Go on with a wind. Clark Gable. To scarlet O'Hara. Played by. Vivienne Lee. Very good. Vivienne Lee. Let's hear it. Oh, I wish you came to picky Lee. Jamie Lee. Curtis. Bernie Schwartz. Do you know that? No. That's his real name. Bernard Schwartz. Tony Curtis. How do you like that? He had a wife, you know. Five, six, seven, five, six. He also had some strange taste. His wife was the perfect Richard Simmons podium. Well, speaking of strange taste. Here's for Lauderdale, huh? Yeah, you couldn't make out one on the facts. It was you. There's no way you come from my loins. He was Jackie Gleason talking with some junior at smoking abandoned. Okay. And I want to tell you that I was trying to say, but he was like all over the place. Right. And I got one that no one had said from jaws when they're about to go out to see. When Quint, the yellow to the chief. Hey, chief, I see your numbers. Yeah, that's okay. Marginal. Marginal. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Santa liked him to feel bad when they call him. They make the effort to call him. He liked was all enthusiastic. And they both, you know, sucked. I mean, we're okay. Five, six, seven, open. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound, five, six, what an objective. Lisa was listening about a pork loin. They said, don't get porky with me. Noorton. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. You're a mid-like Audrey Meadows. Lots you was great. Unsong heral. Audrey Meadows was sensational. And we kept having to see her dam sister Jane Meadows. Only because she was married to Steve Allen. What was her claim to fame? She was Audrey Meadows sister and she was married to Steve Allen. And that was it. What did she ever do Jane Meadows? I don't know. Besides Steve. See, she can't, and also appeared on like a lot of those stupid games shows. And that's where I broke a grill. Probably give you a list about 500 quishos she was on Jane Meadows. That was about it. When I said, like, put that down on your resume, what did you do with your life? Well, I was on game shows a lot. Poop. Beat some things. I mean, Lisa who he sales was funny yet his own show. Here's a call from Toppo. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got one for you. I can't believe what it says from five different movies. It was in a series of the 60s that's still running today. Barbara stickers everything. Be me up, Scotty. Oh, yeah. From any movie. From anything William Schetner ever saw. Start track 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Right, okay, thanks. He's right. How come nobody had that be me up, Scotty? We just don't have any, just the trekkies out there. They're all busy with the trekkened trek convention. From any they're hanging out with Todd Drek at the race trek. Got it? We got it. Be me up, Scotty. Poor William Schetner, you know. In fact, in fact, you know what his best line ever was. Although it wasn't from a movie. Get a life. Get a life. At the start trek convention he looked at all these trekkies and he said, Get a life. What is wrong with you people? Get a freaking life. And they all went, oh, I can't believe that. I'm from Captain Jerk. Can you believe he said that? Do you know the first TV show that he was on regular? Twilight Zone episode. He came hooker. Medic. Really? I could be wrong, but I think that was the name of the show. It was like, yeah, all way back before you guys were even an idea. Medic. How about TJ Hooker? And you know who else was on that show, I do believe? Richard Boone, is that who I'm taking out? Richard Boone. From Paladin, that's the boom. Not Pat Boone. Right, not Shirley Boone. That Daniel Boone. Not Boone in the box. Boone's farm. Why do like Boone's farm? Oh, come on. It's past noon at 5. 6th. I'm just kidding. I like cannot be very far better. What did not be very far moved in the name of something to piss off of a piece of people? I don't know. In which case if they did, we'd like them to be better. I can read out. Yeah, and we want to get that name at town change by Buffalo. No more hamburger. Okay. No more hamburger by Buffalo. In fact, they like lack of one and for Donia and the P. Willot better than hamburger. Feminist past noon at 5. 6th. WQN. The Niel Dios just keep rolling down a line from our friends at Halipati H.M.C. Tom Laman, Joe Prieto, and the other unmentioned bull guys. And there are a lot of great folks. And here they are for you right now. Niel Dio number one waiting for you at Halip, get yourself zero percent financing. For 60 months on every single 2003, Potiac or GMC in stock. And a 10% of the Niel Dio number two, get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC and Potiac in stock. And attention to current and former military personnel, get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halip right now. And of course, Halip like always has got a sensational solution, like an endless sea of dependable certified pre-owned car's truck'sness UVs. And don't worry about credit at Halip. See a lot of people are afraid to go to a car dealership because, you know, they really know that they check your credit inside now. Just be aware of how much you can afford to pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And if you want to pay for your credit, you can pay for your credit. And shove it. 9 to 5. Regardless of either one forget about it. Forget about it. I told you, Mani, I told you, from Scarface, all this is here, John Wright's scareface. Come back. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm chuckling again. You're not chuckling, you're making like, uh, hackling. Snort it. No, not even hackling like, uh, Schmerkling sounds. Whatever that means. Come back Shane from Shane. Oh, God. Brandon, the willva. Come back, Brandon, don't get in that car. Please, or too late. That was much later on. The lady, T, actually he was like, I don't want to go into it. The lady teacher in back to school when she said, I, he did your fear like, I can't go on a day with you. Not because I have class as response. Call me when you have no class. Cute at the time. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, John, and North Miami Beach. Thank you so much and get yourself some help. Please. Now, here's one. How could we have left this job? This has got to be one of the most memorable lines of all time from in the heat of the night. Mm-hmm. Rostagra says to a Sydney portie, what do they call you back in Philadelphia boy? And he says, they call me Mr. Tibs. I think that could be the winner right there. Even though it's got to late start, must be a racist thing. Don't you think? Mm-hmm. They call me Mr. Tibs. Sydney portie, the great Sydney portie. What a great act of our time. I've any time. To avoid you at time. Here's one for myrio that said we got that on there, beiner. We got it. Here's one that says I waited on the phone for about an hour. I think I was stuck on line five. Could happen. Let's see how line five's doing. Hello. Oh, nobody there. Some of my suggestions were going to need a bigger boat jaws. Ah, somebody said that before. This is good. Mr. Demirla, I'm ready for my close-up. Loris Wanson and Sunset Boulevard. Right. Want it? I put a start at so. Okay. Good. Is that a gun in your pocket? I'm happy to see me. May west. Well, we already got one. May west. All right. It's good. Oh, the dingo weight my baby from a cry in the dark. That's great. I believe I forgot that one. A dingo eight my baby. I never saw that movie. Should I? The dingo eight my baby. I think I ate my baby. That's what I just said. From a cry in the dark. I guess we better get that on there because we've had a drop in. I think I ate my baby. See? I see dead people. That crappy movie with that obnoxious, haily jewel osman. I understand that's feel-berg's giving him a lifetime achievement award. I see dead people. Do you? I'm on in South Florida all the time. Yeah, that's more here. I hear like more living in breathing people here. She might have fooled me but she didn't fool my mother. Norman Bates from Psycho. Mary O's says good luck. Stay SARS free. No more SARS. That's what the star said. That's what Mike Myers says. He went on TV last night on J. Leno said. Come on. It's right. Oh. Everything's right. It is. Everything's just hockey. It's fine. Even though. It's that line. Mrs. Demil, you're ready for your close up. Mrs. Demil. When will we start from? Sunset Boulevard. What movie is that from? Gloria Swanson? Another line. Oh, the movie. One of the great-well, I don't care if it's old. One of the great motion pictures of all time. It is. What the hell is Madwa? I mean, he's got me washed on where he's got her, licked. He was kind of butcher, I think. What's down to you? He was really macho. And Marlene did trick. She was very, very macho. On your T. She beat the snout out of janitorino. I'm telling you, although Donna Shalili, she might take him both on. So to speak. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? Great. Great pull. I just wanted to add a couple of them. You're not the boss of me. And you talking to me? Yeah, we got that. Well, what was the first one? You're not the boss of me. What's that from? Can't remember the movie that I ever made. They actually used it in the song from outcome in the middle. You're not the boss of me. Oh, it's from Boogie Knights. Well, we'll take another consideration. Thanks, Bally. Thanks, Bill. Okay. Boogie Knights. Oh. And of course, like we said yesterday, in the fight, we were talking about Boogie Knights only yesterday. Get it so huge. Yeah, even the hecoon was impressed by it. Western peace. What we could share you, Symbak, again, too. I say, lotting chow's just bringing back. Just dig up his body and prop him up in the oral office. There, and then tell a hassy, we pine it for those things. And bring back Bubba. Oh, God. Life would be so much sweeter. Nothing could be neither and hell of a lot sweeter. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Now we're like bear, we're just buried in bush. It's like the old burning bush routine. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I think the memorable movie lines should be something that you've heard of. Zillion idiots say, but they have no idea what it's from. Could be. Austin Power saying, yeah, baby. I have a million freaking times on TV and everywhere. Right. So I think that should definitely make the list. I think you're right. Also, I think. It was an interesting. I just spoke of Mike Meyers only moments ago. I was going to do that. Exactly. I have a question. You guys in the past have done a thing where you, you talk about an organization that puts out pamphlets that take verses from the Bible, which are like, heinous and kind of show the hypocritical nature of them. Oh, heinous heinous? We were talking about the freedom from religion foundation. Okay. Great. That's what I was looking for. Madison, Wisconsin. You got called it. Oh, hey, you know what? I've got a friend in Jersey. You should tell you how bad Jersey is. He lived down here in Florida for two years. He hated it. Like poison. He was so ready to go back. He went up to Jersey. He's coming back after three months. He said he missed his floor to tell you how bad Jersey is. It is. It's a stinks. All right, man. Take me. Literally. Thank you. Now, what did he just say? Before Jersey. Oh, the freedom from religion foundation. Madison was Wisconsin. You wanted to give their number out? I did. And six o'clock. Six o'clock. Two five six. Sounds like you got a mouthful, mister. Two five six. 8 900. 8 900. What are you waiting? Hashbrows from this morning's Howie's delivery. I was saving it. Hashbrowns. Hashbrows. Oh, my god. Talk about. Fuck the haters. Oh. You talk about Goy issue food. Has the ground. The Jews would never fry a potato. Would they? Fry a potato? Fry only. Only lock his man. Yeah, lock his. Right. Right. Like lock his anytime. I mean, your compare in hashbrowns to potato lock his. And all those great potato pancakes. We had from corkies a country. You must be. You must be a loser. Faster. Or hungry to corkies. Lotkeys. Rob from Pennsylvania says. You have to pay attention to man behind the curtain was you devised. And they're here from pulter guys. And you say. They're here. That one. From pulver guys. Yeah, let's put that. That's the only really. I mean, not that matters. Because like you say everybody's McDonald's. But that's another one of like the top lines of all time. What is a. Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. And that's one of the top lines of all time. Yep. I knew that music was going to start. I can't I'm delighted. Do you agree with him that that's one of the top lines of all times? No, my opinion. I don't agree. But on all these lists that I've been looking through. That's that's that's that's an all the list. And it's on all the top 10s. Pay no attention to the man behind that curtain. Yep. No. If you want to put it on there, go ahead. I'm just pissed a load. You know, if you want to make the effort, was it a buzz? I would if you put a set of gone a 357 magnum in my mind. We still wouldn't be able to tell you that the line, the movie. Who said it? The tissue cat. Well, that's right. That's a wrong movie. Wow. The same same thing. The same difference. Okay. And the tissue cat. It's all all the salas with malice. From your dark skin. Listen, or a few of the other side of the theater. Training day. I'm going to police. King Kong ain't got nothing to me. Pitch black van diesel. I absolutely believe in God. I absolutely hate the effort. Black night. I'll holla. New Jack City. I want to shoot you so bad. My bleep is hard. And my my brother's keeper. Yes. I am. Oh, yes. I am. From the commercial. Yes. I am. And some classics. Silence. The lens was you just. Oh, we just got through it. Although. I see that's not something anybody would repeat. I ate his liver with some father beans. And a nice candy. All I look at the PR. PR has got that exactly word for word. Correctly. And then of course it puts the lotion on its skin. It also gets the hose again. It gets a hose job. It drops the lotion on its skin. It does this whenever it's told. My eyes know what we're looking for. It drops the lotion on its skin. It also gets the hose again. Oh, right. There you go. There's the hose job you were looking for. So I think we're not going to put that. Is there a black night that stuff on it? No. It's a martin. It's not a racial thing. Twenty seven past noon at five, 60, WCM. Got the mad dog. He'll be along at one. Oh, right. The huffer in the studio at three. If you need to create a gift for a birthday new baby or somebody's graduation. Do something fun and memorable. Send an authentic Vermont teddy bear. There receive a beautiful little bear handcrafted in Vermont and personalized just for them. The free card in gourmet candy all delivered in a colorful gift box. Just call a bear. Cousillard toll for 8800-829 bear. And I hope you pick out the perfect bear. Like the groovy grad bear. Or the classic graduation bear wearing a black or white yarn. Grad cap and holding it a plum. You can see I didn't graduate. You can even add their name and degree to the gown and get class of 2003 on the cap. It's the perfect gift for any college or high school grad. And they've got over 100 bears for every occasion. They bear as new baby in pregnancy bears and lots, lots more. Over night and Saturday deliveries, Guadanteed. So call 1800-829-bear or shop online if you like it for Montetty Bird.com. Show you a care, send a bear. The creator of alternative to flowers for graduation or any occasion. That's 1800-829-bear. Be sure to tell them that old Neil told you to call 1800-829-B-E-A-R. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. I'm not a big deal. Did I ask Schmidt-Kenneth thing? I hope not. I bet you I did. Remember yesterday I talked about that article about Citizen Kane? Yeah. And no good movies basically since the 80s or at least no great movies since the 80s? Except the course for happiness and the Requiem for Dream. See they let the, ah, you know, the more I think about it, it's not that there have have been great movies made since the 80s, but they just nobody talks about. For example, either one of those movies I never heard of until two weeks ago. Never heard of Requiem for Dream. Never heard of happiness. Never heard of bully. Thank God. Never heard of him. Yeah. You follow on, and you still. Oh, by the way, speaking of Requiem for Dream tomorrow night 10 o'clock on the IFC independent film channel. Now have you seen it? Yeah. Oh my God. Oh, that course somebody like you that's wired all the time anyway. You would see it. Yeah, one of my favorite movies. Oh, I, one of the greatest movies in the history of mankind. First in puts in a performance you'll just be bursting at the scenes as zero gold farb and then Harry, her son is played by the lovely but very anorexic looking Jared Lito in this movie. All the way, this has his head on straight as opposed to when the other movie Mercon cycle where's head, well, I don't want to go into it. I want to ruin it for George. He hasn't seen either. American cycle. Right. Now, did you order that or you know, then we don't want to push you too hard on it. No, I, I'm pretty, well, I, I guess I should have said this. I'm pretty confident that I cannot find that in town. I mean, Hollywood video that I'm going to go to and write out for the show's better part. Pretty desperate boy. You got so few good video stories in South Florida. We have a great selection of DVDs and your DVDs. Oh, what I wanted to play a minute ago was I was sent to my wig. That's what I told them and that's what I was going to see. It caught when I should listen. But I only play the short clip to which I'm going to. Let's see. Long time first time, Factor. It says, what movie is the line? Nothing works here. I've been here 10 years. The medication doesn't work. What movie is that from? It should be a movie. But it's from a HBO documentary about the real delview hospital and the... I hate this place. Nothing works here. Really? Really? Oh boy, that's a real guy named Brian who was a, what do you call him? I guess, oh, I got another great one. I've got this one could be the winner and I really feel bad that we, and leave it to me. Okay, and the only reason being delview? What movie was the lead the bad guy, the nutcase, was he at Bellevue? Or similar institution, I'm pretty sure was Bellevue? When a stranger calls, the Charles Durning in the light. The line is? Oh, don't answer the phone. No, what? Oh, have you checked the children? Oh, the children? Have you checked the children? That's it! Oh, yeah, I've got to wish I could change my vote. When she picks up that phone and he says, have you checked the children? And then of course there's the sequel to that. What is the, what a stranger calls again or whatever the sequel? What a stranger calls back, I think. And when the babysitter has grown up and she's got her own family. And he escapes from Bellevue. I'm pretty sure it's Bellevue. That's a highly underrated flick. It was like a great Z movie at the time. You know, it was like a low budget film. But Charles Durning was in it who's great. Charles Durning. You know, one of the more of you was good in. I give up. Massive PO would jack lemon. That's right. I wouldn't say that Dennis would get upset because it's highly critical of the Catholic Church. And he says, can you move on? Have you had sex with men or women a young priest? And he says both. And he says, good day. And he wasn't doing a part of Harvey Junior mutation either. When he said, good day or even senior. Five six that have you checked the children more. Thank goodness. We can see how these things all like you have to put the word association thing and a piece of the puzzle right? Right. Because when your mind is falling apart and I can think of his bucky deal winning in 204 flight at Hazel Park and winning by 10 lengths. You're going by the great Francis over here. I was thinking wouldn't it be great if we could like, if they could. And someday they probably will. Have a procedure where, probably they'll just be able to do it externally. They put electrodes on your on your head. Yeah. And you eliminate all the crap that is in your brain. The things that you don't want to remember. No. And no, it's just an anything save room in there for important stuff. Like, you know what you had for breakfast this morning. You know things that are maybe relevant. Right. Like watching Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. I'll get around. Hey, listen. I'm going to hell. How do you see, have you seen the game? No. Have you seen American Psycho? No. So I'm like two flexiating you and I will get to a momento which that will be about five minutes. And I'll get to Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. I can't believe you haven't seen the game. Well, I was prejudiced because why? Because it was my blood was well same thing. But it's not he's got all his clothes on a homo. And in no point in the movie is the sex pot or anything else like that. That should be on the box. Say for viewing even though who are revolted by Michael Douglas. Yeah. He's a sexy guy. Thanks. Here's my any. Hello. Any old woman. Yes sir. I actually have two quotes that are on there. First one is made of force to be with you. How can we forget that? And the second one is you can't handle the truth. Got it. Got it. Another thing. Yesterday you guys were talking about a hundred or eight or two actors. We put Joe Pantoliano. You got you know who he is? We just a good call. Who is he? He's always like a supporting actor like everything a movie. I've ever seen one of them. Right. They're always good ass movies. They're like the best movies you know like the mental matrix. He's even in a. He wasn't. He was like every gangster movie. Yeah. He's good. And he's like the most underrated actor because he's never in the lead. He's always the best supporting actor and every movie and I love him. Well next time we do that poll. Joe Pantolani is on it. All right man. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah. That's a good point. Now let's see. We have made the force be with you. We do. Yes. Come on. Trust me. You could you could go blind try to read this list. I better put my glasses on for this. I'll go down a whole thing just one time here. Just this one time. Yeah. Play the music. What's the most memorable line ever from a movie? I'll be back 34. Say hello to my little friend 28. What we have here is a failure to communicate 24. I'm going to make him an Alfred camera fuse 23. You talking to me 20. Uh, you can't handle the truth 18. Jimmy have you ever seen a grown man naked 16. Fat drunken stupid is nobody to go through life 15. Go ahead make my day 14. I love the smell of napon in the morning's got 13 vote. Frankly my dear. I don't give a damn. Go on with the wind 12. I'm as mad as I'll see. I can't say it with it though. Peter Finnset. That's got 11. Also 11. You feel lucky punk 11. Do we have that line right? We don't care. I mean, you know, they they know what we're talking about. Uh, and that's got 11. It puts the lotion into basket nine. Play it again Sam nine. May the force be with you nine. We don't need those thick and badges nine. Your mama's so socks and hell six or whatever she said. I still have east of baby six. He's got a real pretty mouth. That's got five. No wire hangers five. I could have been a couple of times. I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. I could have been a contender five. Leave the gun. Take the canole for. That should be doing better than that. Do you don't think? Of course. Do I am use use for being a scotty for? Houston. We have a problem for that was called in special long distance by February. Uh, get the honey junior for the power of Christ compels you for I voted for that. And probably so. Uh, I want my cigarettes Miss ratchet three. I'm dying over here three. This town needs an NM3. Me so horny from full metal jacket two. I'm an excellent driver to from Raymond. Uh, I have what she's having. I'll have what she's having to. Here is Johnny to forget about it. Forget about it. I want. Oh, my god. That's not the most memorable line for moving forget about it. They have a whole thing where even explains what forget about it to post the mean. Forget about it. I guess what's the box has won. Huh? They forgot about it. Oh, they must have. I feel the need for speed one. I was a buzz beauty that killed the beast one come up and see me sometime. One show me the money. One life is like a box of chocolates one and the other ones have none. There's several on a none yet including even from bogey nights. You're not the boss of me or a bit out of 350 to vote. God, that was like an exercise like I said a little bit too much work. Don't remind me never knew this again. Okay. At least not the last year. A lot of work and a poor beener boy. They're he's probably like a down about 32 pounds at this point. Soking went 1242 at 560 WQA. Homeowners is the right thing. Worst thing going on in the backyard on a hot day like today. And seeing that once beautiful pullears stay in your team. Maybe even cracking. Well, your pool doesn't have to be a mess. No, no, call our friends at Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic Marseille specialized in refinishing pools. Bring in the back to life, making them brighter more colorful. And now Atlantic Marseille is introducing Atlantic blue bright. For over 12 years Atlantic Marseille has been beautifying pools with the ever popular diamond bright. And the makers of them in bright had developed Atlantic blue bright exclusively for Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic blue bright promises leave your pool with a richer, more colorful appearance. Unmatched by anything on a market. Your friends and neighbors will be convinced that you got a brand new pool. That's how good it'll look. Licensed and insured are real construction company that uses full time employees. Not subcontractors at Atlantic Marseille is a family owned and operated business. They've got thousands and thousands of people who've come to trust them because they do such great work. And they serve day brown and Palm Beach. Atlantic Marseille also does great deck renovations. Custom lighting pool heating exotic water features. So enjoy the summer in your own backyard called Atlantic Marseille today. And be sure and check out brand new Atlantic blue bright. Here's the toll free number. 1-800-558-8883. That's 1-800-558-8883. And Atlantic Marseille is truly a pool's best friend. You're my blues, just afford 205 intrigued. I agree with everyone. Thank you, canO俺. My performance is gay. Oh my God, it's burning right into my role! Have I ever seen a lifetime in the past? and then we were supposed to push onto Saot Maybe I've gotta be done by ya Have been playenced play ME I know lowest kills later GO These famoxom movers in the barren steotler And say it was not just like that Mothers It's like that Mothers got further in motion It's just a bunch of muds across still Oh! Well 46 is 560 WCM just a few minutes away from the mad dog. Oh right. Angry puppy. They have style hound. Now this is a good one. On a fact machine. How about square like a pig boy from deliverance? Yeah. You don't think? Who doesn't say that daily? No, that's true especially if you were him. That's what moth is always saying to be in her boy. It's weird like a pig penis boy. Oh, speaking of that Metro pigs, 199 Street just got off the list. What is that west of the turnpike is it say? Hard to read it. Metro pigs just west of the turnpike, 199 by the stadium, 7 to 10 pigs. It says FM. It's what it says. Other probably listen right now. So have a nice day, officers. But quit right in so much business. Well, they probably, you know something they are some crazy people drive right to there. You know, some really crazy people go zooming through that school zone. Let's see, directly in for Dream is on tomorrow night at 10 p.m. on IFC. I'll be damned. You could knock me over the feather. Did I mention that a couple of times today? Yes. That's okay. Can everybody do it too often? Don't, in fact, I'm going to sit over here at my pile. So that tomorrow we remind everybody because you know, you say that they ahead and everybody will forget, right? Don't forget about it. Motha, they will. Now some people might say, but I don't have I see. You know what? Everyone knows someone who does. And you can't make it over to their house. And have you been paid before? And that's right. Haven't paid it. Believe me. Trust me. Trust me. When I tell you, if you don't like this movie, then you might as well just check out. You know, went and dug. Check it out. Because it's in the yes. It is depressing and it's morbid. But it's south Florida right there in front of your very eyes. Sarah Goldfarb is south Florida. I mean, and her son Harry, he's also what south Florida is all about. Right. I mean, that's definitive south Florida. Very sad. And you know, what are the really tragic scenes, which I had the first time I watched it. I didn't. It didn't have the same impact. But when her two old the enter friends from the building go to visit her. Oh, I can't get that out of my head. Oh, my god. And then they see them sitting on the sea. She, you see her and she looks like I mean, a walking dead. Kind of like we see in sunrise lakes and surf side every day. And then you see them out on the bench hugging each other and crying. Right. Kind of like, oh, hey. In fact, that's what it should say just underneath it should. Oh, yeah. Wow. Quip pop and so many pills, Sarah. I'm going to be on television. I'll never refrigerator. See, I can relate to that thing with a refrigerator. Oh, the refrigerator starts moving. At least in her mind, it starts moving in practically attacking her. And on a one hand, she's watching and you notice another thing. The TV set that Harry bought her, the big screen that really is much too big for that room. And that for whatever reason, that set is almost never on because she's so wired and so just stood out of her mind. And that she's just sitting in the chair like staring off in his face. But that set is really all of that is the set that the guy comes out of the set into her living room. Well, it's a big and unexpected one of the dance. Got that that that that that that that that. That that that. It's just great. And he looks a lot like more downy, but more downy has been dead much too long for that to be him. But then he looked like him. Like a little bit of a matter of faith. We got a winner. We got another winner. Any way you're love a 10 o'clock tomorrow on the independent film channel. Believe us when we tell you if I don't believe us, watch it and then we'll discuss it. At length, we'll be asking lots of questions. Here's point in P. Chillow. Hello Neil, how are you doing? Great. I got a couple. Actually, one is she was a can't believe it's probably not on the list. It's on the king of the world from Titanic. Okay, didn't see her. And then to cry because I got her from airplane. Girl, you can't be too. What is it? There's an officer. Mm-hmm. There we are. Yeah. I'm, uh, you know, smoking a bandit. The first thing I do when I get home is punch a mama in the mouth. We are right with somebody mentioned that. Okay. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'll smoke you the band. It's a burrennals movie. So we're not going to talk about that, right? Yeah, but Jackie Gleason. How's Britain's act doing? Oh, we'll see them number. That's a shame. That's what happens there, man. That's what happens. It's called progress, I guess. What they're a good place. I thought like other places where you can get stone crabs. Yeah, other places where plastic assholes go to eat and greet and meet. Right. And you see, you'll be able to. I'll tell you one thing. I would want to eat the same restaurant with Brian Cox. I mean, they might just be a personal thing, you know. And at least in his case, now there might be other people who might say it. There might be fairly interested. For example, I was in a restaurant with Jared Lito and he made the same suggestion. I might like to look up and say, well, but when Brian Cox is sitting at the table, nice to you and says, I think, oh, no, I'm getting out of here real fast. You know, when you think so, real fast. But there are some people live all the way up in Boko. They don't want to go to New York prime because they don't suck their ass and lick their parts like he just said. And as a result, they go all the way down. I mean, can you imagine living in Boko and eating on Miami Beach? I find that very, very bizarre because Joe Stone crabs, like I've been. I know we got a lot of people on this station, including the guy that follows us. I don't want to mention a mad dog by name. Get him upset. The Humphor is like, he's very big. Actually, he's huge at Joe's and now even Moa Joe. Oh, it makes me just and I've never been there. I have. But just a whole concept of this scaring the way to D and who do you know and who you're going to be seen with. I'm not into plastic, which is why American psycho. It's one of the many reasons why such a great movie is because these are the most plastic assholes you'll ever see in your life. They're all plastic. In fact, if they stood in the sun too long, they would melt. You'd find like a little puddle on the street corner. They would melt. Can't stand plastic, spastic people. So like you said, there are a lot of really great places to eat. Then he went out with shoes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's the call from Boko. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I know you like the injustice for all. The line out of that movie that is pale amazed for your show. Do you remember the old guy was in the courtroom and he was talking to the judge the guy you liked. What's his name, Jack Warden? Right, Jack Warden. Yeah, and he's charged with the scots wearing and public the old guy. Yeah. And he says, well, you're on the reason I was swearing in public is because of a diabetic. And the judge says, why don't see any correlation between swearing and public can be in the diabetic? And the guy says, well, that's because you're a douchebag. Yeah, I do remember that. Yeah, that was great line. But you're right. The line I was calling about was, and I'm not a big queen with fan, but outlaw and Josie whales. Yeah. Pointy, that was the bounty hunter who was hired to kill him. But for some reason, they couldn't do it right there. And he asked him why he would take his job to try to kill him. And he said, hey, I got to make a, he goes, the man's got to earn a living. And Clint East would tell him, well, I didn't eat much of a living. Good line. I guess he had to be there. Okay, thanks. What's happening? He didn't feel good about it. He didn't feel good about it. I guess he would be good about it. He said it. And then once the words came out, it like, well, I don't, I really, can I bring those back? Can you get him back? No. Too late. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me, since he probably brought it something out there at times. I'll be right in the back. Pretty soon. Hey, Tom, I didn't realize you such a hockey expert. Let's bring back Brian Murray and Robby Needham. No. Oh. It's just amazing. You could write like 15 exactly a few years about the things that Tom knows nothing about. Like radio and TV, for example. Fly and local. We are sports radio 560 series. You A-M. The Middle Eastern world. Will be exploded to the dominant people killed. With the gas that we sold him. First time a gresser nation had. They only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea. The nooks there told you never. Right wing is really in over and over into our head. That Iraq has some. Fathens of past destruction. 3,000 people killed. I'm not forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. Hate their soil to be content. Going after some Tom to. Planked Osama. There's no longer mention of. Some name in law this. But no it seems concerned. I'll be in conflict. Believe in every word of this cartel. It's administration. The controls are by fear. Through media and manipulation. And a right wing is really in over and over into our heads. That Iraq has some. Fathens of past destruction. You've turned.