Ortingale. Moran's got. So what was their big rock and roll concert that kept everyone up all night in Toronto? So Beterbor City really enjoyed the tube stick at your birthday party, it was great. Yeah. And as a barbecue sauce, she said, really was the fine touch. That worked for him so well. It was unbelievable. You had 37,000 people there, which was nice at the ballpark. That was nice. Yeah, I would be the in the tea train and all this other crab, all of her running phones. Yeah, they could have had a... They didn't have as much fire as me seeing. And a big hairy ass mop, and I could have said, wow, I want to, you would have loved seeing this concert here last night because CBC and all their glory. I'm like the American at worst. CBC doesn't censor anything. So when he brought the side to start taking her tops off. Yeah. Because the first time I saw it, you would have just flipped out. There was this unbelievable blonde, and she's like, from the waist up and totally naked as a jibber, except for her nipple rings. Yeah. And I thought boy, somebody some director's going to he can't put him out on the air. And like two minutes later, they show her again and they focus them like for five seconds. You got to be with me. You should have seen that crowd man. I have him made an almost naked, beautiful, unbelievable, perfect. A headline in a paper show this morning is one of the best commenters. It says, like Woodstock run by the Swiss. That sounds the crowds decidedly, really. There were no fights, no gunshots, no stabbing. No crap, nothing. Have him ended people and just had a great time. That is crazy. And it was what the Rolling Stones and ACBC and the BBC. What was? First guess who and a best part of the whole night was one of the performers that got to it up on stage and in withdrawing water bottles at him. Guess what was? Justin's family's little Justin, take her bow. I would say invite that fam. Now in fact, his, his, his, his comment was his comment was I felt a little that out of place with all the little bit like what the whole thing done. Yeah, what a, you're right. He's a little fan of the, after watching him last night and then seeing him speak. These are little screamer. Carlos, what's that? It's not the end of the pathetic, the way they command you fact your all these romance. I'm not going to have, if they're going to hook Brittany up with somebody, hook her up like a real guy, not some little food fly. You know what I had Carlos doing, different handshakes with guys nuts. Who was he? You, you look up the expression, Schmidt faced in the dictionary. You'll see Carlos's post right next to it. I think you're website. That's what your website is. He's, uh, I'm going down and obviously the, Mozo is the best, but I love when I see that picture of you as Bruce Lee. That is, that tells me with a non-shox. I just, I tried to tell that it was Mo who was attacking from the rear. Yeah. You couldn't fool him because he said it was no dingleberry. So he knew what wasn't wrong. Or rather new contest now on the Ferals show. If that's what you want to call it, the program in the morning, who takes more vacation days, Mo or God. And I mean, you're going on another one like next week, right? I'm going on one like the afternoon. Where are you going? I'm going back to Amsterdam again. Give another try. Yeah, bring the Beast back some reaper, right? Give it another shot. I'm being in Breck. I got your dits already. I'm shopping at the brick. I'd have a, have a great day now. Thanks God, have a great vacation now. Don't fall asleep on a boat at 9 p.m. with any boy with a big ass around. Or we'll be able to hold sandalsmith face for me. I got you covered. Little barbecue sauce with your breakfast. He said it tasted like barbecue sauce. I'm 100,000 people man. Just dabbing. No shootings. A great time was head by all except for them just now. He's good. Good. Good. So vester's alone. Scraping on a guitar instead of an automatic weapon. It's the Rolling Stones. We're not going to blow you up. We're not going to blow you up. Our toast is storm. The Rolling Stones. I know. I'm only Rocky Mabel. I've got a darker. Sure. The most millions. The music. That cost out million. Here it comes. Here comes my night sheets Rocky Mabel. Here comes my night sheets Rocky Mabel. 106 at 560 WCM happy Thursday 2. Another meal vacation. Come on. Oh my god. So what goes? Johnny Freak and Carson. That's exactly correct. Only he wasn't funny. Anyway. Oh, we got some bad news to get started. I don't want to start on a sour note because we got so many good things going on. Including the half of many people in the last night. Let me see it again. Woodstock. Woodstock run by the Swiss. What a good headline. I love that. I mean, it's an old line. It's just like that line about if you woke up with Vaseline on your. I mean on your hands. What? Or anyway. In your case it was both. No, seriously. He had Vaseline on his. Back home. And on his face. Now maybe you're a contortionist. Maybe in a moment of infohirance. Maybe you able to like do a wrong Jeremy and own. I love he or double-join it. They flipped them over. The crowd turned him over. Yeah. For round two. I hurt him. He was a real headturner with the party. Is what I heard. Something about him. I mean, a picture. I think the picture. The ash in the face. Pails in with significance about the guy. Who's about to open his fly. Who's standing on his way from Carlos's. Plus that's the one that leads to that father. That might bother you just a little bit. Okay. Wow. It felt like barbecue sauce running down his chin. And anyway. Wait. We have a phenomenal response yesterday on it. Not to on the pole. The full sucked of course because this sort of just pull. But on the website because everybody want to see those pictures from Carlos birthday bash. And especially they want to see beiner boy that take a little ass in the face. It was. Well, but I'll still call it. I mean, I was almost. Excuse me. Taking a big ass in the face, man. And the best part of his before the show. He admitted this morning. He liked it. He was a little bit in coherent, but just just has enough memory to remember. He enjoyed it a lot. Bad news. Record producer Sam Phillips dead at 80. Oh, that's bad news. No Sam Phillips. Yeah. We knew it was coming up. Why do we know that? We were sick. What sick? Yeah. Well, Bob Hope was sick for a long time. Look how long he held on. Man. Just refused to go. Some records found your Sam Phillips who decided that had been unknown. Elvis Presley deserved a recording contract when he heard him sing. Sox for his mother has died. He was 80. You know, 80. You sounds like, well, that's pretty old. But to me, it's like, oh, that's not so old. Tomorrow. Yeah. When I first heard him Elvis, the essence of what I heard in his voice was such that I knew there might be a number of areas we could go into. Phillips once said, just like they got was in the pictures with Lena Boy. There are a number of areas he was planning to go into. You're never going to live that down. Now, that's that's a legacy that will last you a lifetime. And believe me on this show will make danger that it does. Oh, God. People show me it just so you know. Yeah. Putting that as their wallpaper on the computer is up around. Excellent. Okay. I can't get away from it. Everybody. The invite to web be nice if you like wash your mouth off a little bit. Phillips, the record producer helped us. You're the rock and roll bar pollution died Wednesday. A respiratory failure at St. Francis Hospital. And Memphis Tennessee is some Knoxville upset. He said his father been into climbing health for a year. The older Phillips founded some records in 1952, how to launch a career of Elvis that a young singer moved from Tupel, Mississippi. And the summer of 53, Presley went to the Sun Studio record two songs for his mother's birthday. Phillips noticed him on for a pressly recording contract. Phillips produced the pressly's first record, 1954 single that featured that's all right. Mama and Bluewood a Kentucky nine more. I've had those here somewhere. So San Phillips is dead. That's bad news from some records. He was a pioneer. Change the face just like that asked the decarals. Change the face of rock music forever. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Back home. Oh, he has face man. God. Let's see. I've got to do that Hillary program today. We've got to give the results from your pool. We have a George bashing pool today. And George said to me before to show why you've bashing me. The message. Just don't know why. Why is that? Because I ripped that poll building show you did the day before. You did. I've made mention of it. What was that? I said that they're getting to be like give away shows. You just hear the same thing every time we do a poll building show. No, but that was a good poll about the rock wood. But they never understand the question. So they just call up with names. They just throw names out and it gets old. I didn't think your eyes thought was pretty damn good. Listen, most of those people don't have anything to say. But I guess you haven't figured it out yet. I figured it out. So you give them their moment in the line right like that. They just the bird out of name or a ward or a phrase or something. You know, like a cry. I know an answer to a question. Meanwhile, I'll tell you why we enjoyed who I like a lot of Sam Roberts. Oh. You don't know from Sam Roberts it's a Canadian group. No, not just a guy. It's a group. They have worth the concert. And I'll tell you who was. Right. I'll say I don't want to sound negative because there was nothing negative about it. It was just great. And even though the stones look like they're about 95. But it's a guess who, which is certainly one of my top favorite three or four groups of all time. There isn't a bigger guess who fan in the world. I don't think at a bigger Burton coming Spain. Did I always say that he may have had the greatest voice of anybody in the world? You said that and I won't argue many times. And that's in past 10. Now they did do taking care of business, which your course wasn't there song in the first place. But they did do and of course the crowd went nuts when they did that. They did a really rousing version of that. But when they were doing their own songs, it was so obvious to me that Burton coming just he and Academy, where he's lost that voice, that fantastic thing. And when they sang no time, he was like squealing. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's sad. No time. I mean, it was just a... I'm not. I mean, nothing is perfect and it was phenomenal and sensational. And this city is magnificent, it's incredible. But like I said, he used to be great. Of course he's only about what 90. Right. Okay, we'll get to the results of your really embarrassing pull. By the way, that's one of the oldest lives in history. Adam on being a boy to feel like George was that creative about that. If you woke up after a party with Vaseline on your ass, would you tell him, that's older than the Thuslan. In fact, I think the Thuslan was probably the worst part of it. It worked up with Vaseline. He mentioned it on his ass. He mentioned the whole of the voice. But I just saw the pull and I thought, here we go again with that anal business again. If it's not eating ass, it's Vaseline in the ass. And of course, well, this one tried to incurred events. When I was opening up his fly there and I won picture, I caught you up all sorts of things after he heard about the report on Venus. Welcome. Twelve minutes after 10 at 5. 60 W. Kimmy said he had a good time though. I'll tell you, you have a good time when you have a head of hair on you guys out there with a big ball spot. Mail pattern ball. This is one of God's little tricks that he likes to plan everybody. Just about every guy sooner or later lines up with hair more hair on the floor than on his head. If you'd like to do something about to be side dangerous drugs or a nasty nasty holes in your head or an embarrassing humiliating mousey wig like some of those people run around with a musk rat on the head in public. Here's the answer for it. This is the sensible solution and you can afford it too. Charles Alpiri right now is offering his summer special hair system for only 549 bucks for first-time customers. And nobody have a hair system. You can save yourself 50 percent on service and repair it all types of hair system. The protein shampoo and trim and look better than you ever dreamed you could again. So I'm not giving Charlie a try. I have nothing to lose, but you're ugly shiny ball spot because here's the guarantee. If you try one of Charlie's hair system for 30 days, don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting ahead every hour on the hour when the big hand hits your little hand, return it for a full refund. So if you want to look sensational, call the Charles Alpiri studios today and change your life forever. Call 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413 or check them out on the web at CharlesAlpiri.com. This is what we're going to buy sicker. You way, yeah. And now, oh god, Leo. What like presents? Braille of American Hero. Hey, we salute you. Mr. Eceptic Tank's sucker out of it. Mr. Eceptic Tank's sucker out of it. Grates out filthy jarls. And no one wants to do it except you. And you're not afraid to give your hands dirty. You, Mr. Eceptic Tank's sucker out of it. Drive up big brown truck. Put your knoth till libering anything. You're taking it away. Because when the Eceptic system starts to back up, you'll come to town. You'll back up your truck. You'll whip out that big old hose. Mr. Eceptic Tank's sucker out of it. And suck, suck, suck, suck. That mal-order is crazy. But you're not done yet. It's time to grab that long handled shovelsquaker thingy and make sure nothing gets all up behind. String that rule. Thank you. Mr. Eceptic Tank's sucker out of it. Put changing that giant 1200 gallon diaper. That's buried six inches below the lawn in the backyard. It's a crappy job. So, track a cold, butt-life, and pinch a toes to Mr. Eceptic Tank's sucker out of it. A real American hero. He's the Sceptic Tank's sucker out of it. And he's a flush, St. Poe as Missouri. Ten 18 at five, 60, or people probably think it's a real spot, you know? Yeah. That's an honor of whole Smithface down there, who's there, and obviously a hell of a time. Somebody sends me a fact saying, 50 Internet, it's down. The Internet's free, he's down. The Internet's free means down. I have to notify, watch the Tommy notified, the engineering department, and they are working feverishly on it. The day that that engineering department works feverishly on anything. The day of the cool day in hell, okay? So, we're not streaming an audio right on the Internet, and you do understand that this is another way the QM continues shooting itself in a foot. Every time we build up this moment, I mean, for real is so hot, he's like, you can't even touch him, you know, even if you wanted to, which I don't. But he's, he's hot on a firecracker right now. And we got to his Marling Game, I guarantee you that the 37,000 people are last night. 20,000 were there for Don Trell and the other 17 were there because of all the hype that for else me given. You believe that? Yeah, sure. Just pretend you believe it. But seriously, he's going to have like double digits in the next trend. And then of course, then then it's really going to become glaring, you know, because that last the book, which that got thrust by the way, but that book, there was no way reflection of him because he had been on long enough. Right. But we'll only get to July trend out. Do we have any idea when it is, August? What? Yeah, this is an argument. Yeah, and the August. And then you're going to see the morning go shooting up and somebody's not, and we can't get the hour by hour during the trend. So somebody, of course, for three months will have the opportunity to come back and do it. Yeah, the thing that it's in ratings don't count. But then when the whole summer book comes out, we get the hour by hour. And you see that all of the forward motion is going to be 8 to 10 a.m. And that six to eight is going to be continued to be just deadly. Then then we'll separate the real broadcaster from the wannabes. Okay, from the crusty old assholes. Speaking of crusty assholes, George S. yesterday. If you woke up after a party with Vaseline on your ass, would you tell anyone? I took one look at that pool and I said, there he goes again. Right, though, Mr. Ass. Ass George a question, have you been to an assor? If you woke up after a party with Vaseline on your butt, would you tell anybody no, no, on 519, when's the party? 160, 3. I bet you've been her voter for that. Does he get into it now? Who's going to be at this party, 80? I certainly thought it was my vote. That's what I voted. Who's going to be a different person? It doesn't make a decision if you don't. That definitely makes a difference. It's like optimistic or whether you're like terrified. It doesn't matter. Only my close friends, 57. And yes, I tell everybody 56 real perverse. The girls say, all right. The girls that he'd take out an ad in papers. Yeah, he's full of crap. Isn't that a closet, a spectacles all he is? No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm getting a thousand phone calls saying the internet is working. So I don't, and that it's been working the whole day. Yeah. Well, how are we going to know? I don't know. Well, who told you that it was down? Just that facts? No, no. There was like five different people I called and people were fact seeing and people in the building Couldn't I go to the party? Let me take care of my, let me take care of this very important call from Pompano, because you know, who's going to be here's Pompano, hello. Hey, hey, hello. It's not him, yes sir. Yeah, sir. I'm just going to remind you that, you know, I'm just messing with you. You didn't even start a drug and all. And how come you've become decaying all of a sudden? Well, that's an excellent question now that you mentioned it. How come do they can't become? Well, you know, the plaques you really can't create it for rock and roll. Who? Who should take credit? The plaques they stole. Oh, so I know what you're making this into a racial thing. You mean like, you mean like, fats, water and fats, domino and those people? Yeah, because they started it so. Okay, you got the credit, man. Thank you, sir. You feel better? You want to? You know, I'll light up a little bit of four shades of be good. The black sugar, you credit. How is it that there's some black people out there? Everything they turned into a racial thing. I didn't know Bill Hilly was black, did you? I don't think black guys had spit curls. Just spamming. What does that all about? What a horrible way to start. I would have rather heard wreck tire. I'd rather heard that guy was thinking of my head to be him. Do you? Sure. Go call. So anyway, there's another one of George's ass polls, which leads into our poll today. Which of these terms best describes George? I don't really know what inspired me to do that. I guess it was the poll that you did. I just thought, how an anal, man, anal, anal, anal. Yeah. Did I thought, man, see, see, all of us flags. We get the, and many of them, of course, deserve really so. But not a mic. I don't want nothing to do with ass. Okay. Light it to it. Make it clean and make it proud. But that's about it. Is it that guy? No, I don't know. I just, that whole ass thing, man. It's, uh, oh, I'm clean. But anyway, which of these terms best describes George? entertaining. Brilliant. See, I put a couple real positive ones under. You got your mic choice on here. What's that? He's okay. Well, we'll put that on there too. All right. He's okay. Well, that's kind of like a lukewarm endorsement. Yeah. Well, at least it's another positive one. I see what you're trying to do with this. Because it's not a good idea. Well, and at least it's another positive one. I see what you're trying to do with this. Because, you know, if you have too many negative ones under, if you're going to do it, I'm going to do it. To take a real cheap dot. We'll start it. Which of these terms best describes George? He's okay. entertaining. Brilliant. boring. anal. juvenile. sexually frustrated. Perfect. wannabe. immature. A cure for insomnia. Hard ass. Spick. Pot head. No, it all or closet queen. I think this may have been my finest hour. Like wine, Stancher, Chalvonse. Not good. What's the difference between boring and cure for insomnia? Well, it's a matter of the green. I mean, okay. Boring is one thing, but cure for insomnia. Stronger shot. No. Right. That would be like saying that that it wasn't mean. He's uncorlousest. Jim and that picture. Which of these terms best describes George? He's okay. It was helms, by the way. He's okay. Entertainment, brilliant. Boring. anal. juvenile. sexually frustrated. Perfect. wannabe. immature. A cure for insomnia. Hard ass. Spick. Pot head. No, it all or closet queen. I think this is really. I'm so proud of this. You have no idea. Here's our. He'll tell me. Program for the day. It's short and sweet. Don't get panicky. And we're almost too page four. Aren't you proud? No, calmness. This is proud of his beeners. That's him. That he's waving. I understand he had to call up dry concepts. He didn't come a clean that baby out. That's what I'm hearing. They brought the wet dry back. When it's out, when it's out, clean it out. God only knows what has been. Oh, I can't even know where we were all there. Pat screw in. I give him some tips. Some pointers. That need good pull to take some day while I'm on vacation. Who's been penetrated? Mr. Scoran or a vener boy. Of course the difference being. She always knew it. Anyway, here's the paragraph today from Hillary's book. Living history. Hillary Rodden Clinton. She is boring. And has much to do by nothing. Anyway, she says my father's father. He was senior was the sixth of 11 children. He started work at the Scranton Lace company. When he was still a boy and ended up a supervisor five decades later. He was a general soft-goek and man. Quite the opposite of his formidable wife. Hannah Jones, Rodden. Who insisted on using all three of her names. Hannah collected rent from the house. She owned and ruled her family and anyone else within her reach. My father worshiped her and often told me in my brother's the story of how she had saved his feet. And then of course, tear the story. You'll have to wait till I come back from vacation. So we're going to leave him hanging like an assault popper. What did Kathy Bates call them? The chapter plays. Yes. The soap popper. Believe you, hang in. And then you can do the story about you, Rodden's feet. Or whatever it is. You. What's smell even worse than Carlisves? 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 on a AT&T and Verizon. I've got a pristine schedule. They're the mad dog is on. Look at this. This is great. Though you on that's right. Mo was off this morning. And that's why everybody's such a good believer. Even George listen to the morning show this morning. Right. On the way to work because guilty was on. We're starting to like guilty a lot better. You know? Because when Mo wasn't there, the place is like a lot happier. Everybody's in a good mood when he's on the sun. Better. Right. When he's allowed to be himself. Right. That's right. I like you again. A little bit not too much. So when we got mad dog at you, the hump are at four or the big. Oh, seven because there's no ball game. Then at the Marlins get a breather. Uh, etiquette and Joe and Mark overnight are trying to goose up that nasty, nasty, oozing sort of a book they had during the spring book. Speaking of and look at this. What timing drive concepts? Can you believe that? Oh, perfect. When they finish up with Carlisves. Back home. And these other body parts. Not to mention his chin. They'd like to come to your home and make your carpets look just like brand new. They're going to smell and feel lemony fresh. You'll be amazed at what a job they do. Just like they've done for me for 20 years in my house. Drive concepts. Number one carpet clinging company for a long long time in the only carpet clinging company. Little dry clean your carpets. It's an exclusive pet that must have nobody else in the world does. And don't forget, no rip off, no gains. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start even doing the job. And now drive concepts offer you a chance to say 15% on your S. Carpour clinging. Just call drive concepts at 1-800-248-5071. As to be put on their stand by list. And then drive concepts will call you next time they have an opening in their schedule. Carlisves said he had an opening. It's just like when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening. They'll like 15% off the price for you. And do the same fantastic job, by the way. So call drive concepts today and ask to be put on their stand by list. They may even have an opening for you on the day that you call and they'll give you 50% off the price of the job regardless. Call drive concepts at 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Also some on-be sure and tell them that crusty old Neil pointed to call or check them on at web at drugconcepts.com. My name is local. We're sports video 5-60-2-8-2-8-10. Dad's son, starring Saddam Hussein, the late old A Hussein. The late QSay Hussein and George W. Bush as Uncle Jordy. Who's there? Who's there? I'm the breakfast. Ever since those two boys of mine were killed, they're always late. Did it wait? Ah, good morning, Uncle Jordy. What's the hole up here? They're trapped Jackson getting any warmer. As usual, those two dead sons of mine are nowhere to be found. I think I know where they are, Saddam. I'll bet they're right out there on the front on. Now watch out my darn fine now. I don't like to do that, but okay, Uncle Jordy. I don't even. No, no, you got to stick your head out a little further. Okay. You're nothing. Just love that further. Okay. Uncle Jordy. Now that's what I call comedy. My two dead sons. Tonight on TV lag. Right after it's the Newly Dead Show. Oh! 1033 at 5.60 WQ. I'm the pull is up. Which of these terms best describes George? And look at that. He's okay, isn't lead five. I bet that's what you voted for. Right. I'm okay. Want to be for entertaining tune. I look at that. Boring one. Sure for insomnia one. Hard aspect. That was my vote. I voted hard aspect. Just in this realm. That's true. Secretary. Pond head one. Closive queen one and juvenile one. We're just getting a few little tastes so far. Let's eat juvenile in a mature. That's redundant. But look at he's okay. Five and entertaining too. The reason I took the pull really is because the pull we took last week. About who's the weakest like now. Mo one hands down. I mean no content. Absolutely. But of the other personalities on the station. You came in a very solid second. That close to Mo. But heads and shoulders above everybody else. I'm really curious what it is that the. These people have against you. And of course it's the summertime now. So it's basically your ballgame. Right. So this is hard core group like 20% of the audience. Just hates me. Yeah. Hate anybody that kills in for you. Just on on on on. I don't lay it on my pedals. What does that have to do with me? Nothing. They just hate me. And that's based on. You know. Well. I'm trying to with these psyched to to Yankeh out. Find out why. And then we ever get an answer. Is the are we streaming it or not? We didn't get an answer. But how is that possible? I don't know. I mean, how's it possible that some people would be hearing it on the internet. And some people would not either. It's one of those either. Or no. See, things. You know. You think. You think. That's what seems to be going on. I mean, people are calling. Some can. Some can. It's. Almost up. Well, I'll be. God damn. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yeah. You forgot to put all of your ball in the pool. All of you, but how could be I can be boring and entertaining. Uh, I guess you can sit down. I want to tell you something about. But I was in the high school. There was a kid that he got some drunk at a party. And they put L. White in his in his record. Yeah. He ended up committing suicide. Think about that. Somebody got her. Sure. Mm-hmm. Man, that's one of those little. Holy. I have a little. He's always making up stories. That's his. I understand. I'm. I'm. I'm with it. Oh, man. I'm going to broke. Face. You know what? I'm going to do one day. I was thinking this yesterday. I've wanted to do this ever since I've been doing shows here. One of these days, we're going to you're going to play this spot. And when we come back from the break, I'm just not going to be here. Okay. I mean, I'll be here, but I'm just not going to do anything. It's just to speak you out. I just want to do that. You know, I don't know how long I could hold out. But you. Yeah. You won't know whether there was like a technical glitch, whether I died here in the chair. Like I'm going to pour in my screen and I'll screen Andy to bananas. It'll be great. I love it. Reven for his heart attack. I don't know. Look at that. Which is it. Now, don't start picking on me, Mr. Asface. Which is it. We got a great staff at killing. We got Joseph Acky, who's known as Mr. penis face in the industry. And now we got Asface. Back to him, Carlos. Beinerhead. I'm walking down the hallway. And that's all I hear. Hey, Asface. Asface. Or it could be Schmidt face. I'll all right. Did see the billboard. You didn't look like Schmidt to me. Which is it. Oh, no. I'll take that back. You do look much. Which of these terms best describes George. He's OK. 10. He's a wannabe eight. And her 10. 5. This is looking pretty good. So far. Closet Queen four. Boring four. Pahead two. No, what all two. Here, friends. Somalia two. Chubanau one. Hard. I speak one. It's my vote. I'm sure. I have more. Well, they don't know you as well. This is a terrible story. You sent me. And I think you ought to stop sending me. Sir, it's disgusting. Sir, I'm going to call him to so high. Oh, I was by the way, I'm going to call him to so high. I already signed for the four years for the run. We're in 13 million dollars. That's gone. I don't forget you knew me. I'm your friend. A Columbus Muncingu who's in the process of being removed from the priesthood for having sex with a teenage boy years ago is in trouble again. Muncingu Joseph N. Fidi 55 was arrested in Berlin or Park by Columbus. Police Vice Officers at 250 yesterday in charge with public indesiancy. Police A. Fidi was masturbating in his car near the baseball fields. And within 15 feet of passing cars it was unclear whether the youth were playing on the nearby fields at the time. I have a feeling they certainly were. The report states that Vice Detective noticed Fidi while investing in complaints of men exposing themselves. Detective found Fidi reclying in the driver seat with his shorts unzip and fully exposed. Fidi was removed as Patrick Saint Margaret of Corona. Church on the West Side, make full 2002, and remains in inactive status for the Columbus Al Roman Catholic Diasis. Said Tom Burke. By the way speaking of that speaking of this father. Vatican starts campaign against game marriage. The Vatican lost the global. I mean this you talk about the popcorn in the pedal. The kettle in the pedal pink man. The Vatican lost the global campaign against game marriages yesterday. Warning Catholic politicians that supportive same sex unions was gravely immoral and urging non-calfors to follow their lead. See first of all you talk about schitzfuck. I mean it's bad enough that this dodging old man in a dress that he's telling Catholics what to do in a cross-the-attent say, Bob Fungula baby you're an idiot. You're a dodging old queen in a dress. That's not bad enough. But also urging non-calfors to follow. Why the hell should non-calfors pay attention to the silly old man? Wait does he have a lot of schitzfuck? Yes he does. Pathetic. The Vatican's Orthodoxy watched dog the congregation for the act of the faith. It should at 12 p.m. paid set of guidelines when they provoked a Pope John Paul the tooth. It evid the stem the increase in laws granting legal rights to homosexual unions in Europe and North America. Well I'll be your ass Pope. How do you like that? I'll be your ass with the sharp piece of glass. That's my comment to you. What a bunch of hypocrites. Here we got priests to where like, diddle in themselves watching a little boys play baseball and a busy abusing. Yeah that's still going on and cover it up all the crap. The biggest and the most notorious closet on the face of the earth are Catholic Church. And they're talking about morality. You gotta be shmit in me man. Probably with some Catholic guy with his ass duck and be in his face and I'd both the other night. Wouldn't surprise me? Was he circumspect? We didn't check. You'll never know. You'll never know. I've those pictures are just we ought to start selling on those. You've seen all of them. No I haven't seen them all yet. I'm savoring those to click a little link underneath. I see. There's more. And we also got one of Dorine the Queen dancing. Oh, Doris. No. No, Doris. No, Doris. No. George took I did it. Sidehand. And the shot too. It was like an underhanded act by the old George. And she didn't know he was taking the picture because he was trying to avoid it all. And there's there's mean queen Dorine dancing. Cutnera. Yeah, she was probably. She was probably in her mind. Thinking that Miguel was right there opposite her. You don't think. Oh, she's got the hot. She wants that thing so bad she can almost taste it. Which of these terms best describes George? He's okay 16. There's nothing wrong with. No, that's not it. Okay. Okay. Okay. There's two okay's. They're side by each. He's okay 16. Want to be 13. Boring 11. Entertaining 7. No, what all six? Juvenile 4. Careful and sound me a four. Closet queen for. What's speaking a classic one. That's just in Tinkerbell. Seriously. If he don't float. If he isn't the, oh, man. I'll get don't let me forget about that. I want to talk about that for hours. A 0 3. Hard to speak 3. Now I got some company. Potthead 3. Well, he's proud of that. Right. Oh, I shouldn't be speaking for you. I guess. Now, how come the sting just died? It's other because the votes are now pouring in. Now we got the retention. And none yet for brilliant. None for pervert. None for sexually frustrated. I guess they don't know him that well. And immature none. So it's starting to build where we're building it again. 19 before 11 at 5 60 WQM. Some are time. The old deals are going on right now as I speak at the place that's in the, leak of their own. How the potty at GMC. Here's Neil. Neil. No, no, no. No, no. We use a lot of espiong. Is that 80. I can't. I mean, no. Okay, Cecil did so well in our poor couple days ago. It's your percent financing for 60 months and every 2003 money. Accord GMC in stock right now in Allen. Neil, the old number of those. You have to afford $4,000. We bid on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock. Current GMC in Pontiac owners get you solid additional rebate of up to a grand from your friends at Hallit. And of course, like always, Hallit's got a sensational unbeatable selection of certified dependable pre-owned cars trucks as you vee. And if you're one of those people with lotter, you've got a lot of company with marginal credit. If you have like a blunder, sure, too, on your credit report, it's never problem at Hallit Pontiac. And attention, Tom Lillman and Joe Prado have put their rock bottom prices on every new and used vehicle in stock. Stop by an experience just how easy it is to shop at Hallit. Hallit Pontiac GMC in the same great location that they've been making on beatable deals and treating people great. For over 35 years, you'll find it at 1.341. South to see highway that's you us want across from the falls. Open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on these great summertime deal deals, call the Neil Deal, the Hotline toll free and 1.3853444211. That's 1.3853444211 don't forget. All Neil deals submitted to credit approval, see dealer for details. Hallit Pontiac GMC is beyond a shadow of a doubt. Professional grade. And low, six is four trail five six. Two way ahead. So on Bravo, five straight men worked to transform a stylish and cultured game in from fab to drab. It's straight eye for the clear guy. I'm Neil and you must be the Freiky. Yeah, the first thing we got to do is brighten up this dough. Pastel, yeah, near on deer size. Ew, well, I guess you fell into the expert. Our straight eye for the clear guy team does more than redecorate. They give this game an a fashion makeover from the bottom up. Let's stop by getting you out of those clothes. Oh, easy. And to the sweatpants and this teacher. Hmm. Who's down, learn hard? Is he the designer? Then our straight eye for the clear guy experts. Turn their attention to cuisine. Yeah, we like to call it food. Sorry. Say goodbye to the Shardon A and find out here. Drink this beer and eat this full long hot dog. On second thought, somebody get him a cheeseburger. Straight eye for the clear guy. Only on bravo because they're all to be at least one straight show on this room through network. You don't know the name of the guy, are you listening? No. Ew. Oh, yeah. This deal was the clear guy, which I know is unusual. And anyway, there's only one category at our vast pool there that doesn't have a whole yet and that's brilliant. I was thinking there might be a little bit of a little bit of a hat. And what would that be? Don't fall asleep next to George. Don't fall asleep while George is around. Someone you don't want to fall asleep. Or was it? Oh, the question was. Who's asked best fits on Carlos's face? That was the pull question. Well, in any rate, so I have an anonymous fascist as Bob Vermuth is into building. No wonder we're having problem with our streaming. Every time that asshole shows up, we each starts dittling around with our streaming. The stations internet quit dittling in the middle of this highly rated show. You asshole, where the number one show on a radio station. Where number one show on a radio station. Where number one show on a universe. And he's in there dittling with a goddamn internet connection. Every damn time. Man, he's going to have naked pictures of the beeslies up there doing it in that tree. And entry. He's got to. This man is so incompetent. Anyway, let me just ask you this since we're talking about stuff that I'm going to be nervous getting done. Best of since tomorrow's August, number one. The best in the old CD 2002, 2003 to want to be farting in most face. So, as long as you got his grave. Should be on. Next week. No, no, that's not what I'm asking. And also, I need to get an update on that because I had such a quivering call from month of the day. What a, what a pussy. A more how a David of key change. Right. There will be a slight delay involved in changing that. How are zaconate? Not a more than an additional week. Uh, she's, you know, my fused. You make my, you make my kishki's just tremble. You make my, you twist my kishki's. Oh, everybody, everybody is so afraid of their own goddamn shadow. It's pathetic. It's tragic. Well, we don't, we don't have to ask anybody's permission. That's, that's material that we play on a show. That's why I tried to tell him. I didn't raise a stink about it. But the thing that we're going to have to delay a week when we got this important fundraiser. The, the bit is, we'll change it and rate me. Yeah, so what's the behavior with that? He said that, didn't he? Obviously. You didn't create that. That wasn't one of those phones. No, you put together to try to make it look like a jackass. I'm bigger part. I did not slice or dice that. I will change it and rate me. Yes, it wasn't being the old with that. But oh, well, we got to remake the key change because, wow, but I've got to beat that up. And the reason we got to do it is because Muffins are afraid that it's going to come down on his ass. That's the reason we got to do it. And he's probably sitting there like, you know, puking his guts at me, you know, at the radio. Too bad. There comes the time when you have to butcher up a little bit. Okay. We can't be like, when you say somebody, we want you to be outrageous. And not a little bit outrageous. We're not like a teeny tiny bit either. You just go full steam. You know what I'm saying? Let's be ahead. No, no, no, no. He's the one who owns some miserable nasty rotten disgusting filthy smelly old man with the dead muskret on his head and a big fat coloss me back. Well, everything we do, we gotta worry about all. We gotta walk on egg shells because it might get more upset. That's really good. We don't want to get him upset and no more, because then he might escort another two three years on his contract. He may be working to raise about a hundred. So anyway, what's he answered in my question tomorrow? Are we going to have that stuff up there where they can start ordering? No. We're not? No. Let me see if I understand this again. The question was, since tomorrow's August 1st, which is what we've been Valley Hoon is the starting date for our fundraiser campaign for abandoned pet rescue, which I love so much. And you're telling me the answer is, no, no. No. No. Unacceptable. And what's the reason for the answer being, no, I don't know. What do you mean by that? Well, let's have a meeting about it. Who's having the meeting? Who's holding your meet? I guess me and Miguel and Eric and all of these, uh, Eric? Well, he's doing it. You get Eric involved in this and it'll be like July, a 4,087 before we get to ball going here. He's slower than freaking molasses man. Let's blame it on Eric. This has been, you know, this being a boy. This is George's new technique. This is the new tactic. Every time something screws up, every time there's a button. What? What? What? I agree with him on this one. Well, that's, say I was giving you the opportunity to slice Eric too. I didn't want to stem like I was doing it. We don't want to be piling on just like those two other guys who are like, you can't see them in that photo of a beat of boy pants down on the ship. But they're also two other guys who are like, start unsip their flies, speaking of piling on. Yeah. That's in the more exciting. I mean, what is all that barbecue sauce? I mean, you might as well do something. Right. Do you follow what I'm saying? Or was it mayonnaise? So anyway, the best of this keep watching our website. Well, I said, well, these days very, I beg your pardon. The middle of next week as in Wednesday. Wait. What? I'm sorry. Like I said, who's giving you this report? Let's talk to Miguel who actually knows some things. You're taking your phone from Chuck Eoria. Well, he flops. He wanted to just give us the answer. The question Mr. Perinoia. The key change should be in my hand on August 6. It'll be in your hand. But what about the key chain? I'm sure it'll be in your hand. And the key chains too. Yeah. But that's not the answer. That's not the question. No one is going to be up on the website. We're going to have the information. So people can start ordering this stuff up on our fancy schmancy website. Jesus, man. You think I was asking? Why? Why doesn't have to take the longest six? Do you have to have it in your hand? We'll be able to start bitching after two days. Oh, you are such a, why don't you go in your hand? We can put it up. Or listen to me. I want you to go in there. Close the door and stuff. So if it's the two you can do the limbo rock together. Okay. That's fair. I mean, you are such a pussy. If they order it, they know it's going to take a while to get their few days. Whatever. Yeah. Right. I'm glad you get all those phone calls. And I'll be delighted to put right on our website. You're home number. Your cell phone numbers. So they can call you to reckon speed up a little bit. Once they have to noon, they're bitching that they don't have it. See now you're siding with him. It's that stick factor again. It's one against three. Because that's not the reality. Because that's what happens. Yeah. They want it. The date. Okay. So let's make it a facial then. Okay. Let's put the onus on your bonus. Next Wednesday. I beg you pardon. You didn't get a bonus. No. We did. I'm sure. Those of us who work on the top rated neo-riders show. We made our bonus. Oh, nice going. Thank you. But you know, you're one of those people who unfortunately got dragged down by it. I want to mention no name. I'm so lucky. A certain show where they give you like. All the crap you could unwrap. Yeah. The crap, myster. So you're just another person in the buildings. Got good reason to hate him like poison. I'm not suggesting that you ought to because he just not your nature. And easy going guy. And you shouldn't be walking around hating people. It's not it's not it just doesn't speak well for it. Don't play hate. I mean, you already hate the reen so much. So you know, don't want to screw any for him. I don't hate anybody. Really? Not even Doreen? Not even you. How about that? Not even after she chased you into the men's end of the events from that day? Oh, that was been. And then, of course, what we got really Miguel of. So was the cheat. Had a bigger one than he's gone. Anyway, what's in these terms best? The scrims George. That's our poll question today. He's okay 34. And now you see, you're lucky you put that on there. You know what? Well, that's the right answer. You got all these. I didn't vote for that answer. I don't say you're okay. I know, but you've got. We know it's the right answer. Now, he's telling me how I should vote on a poll. What's the right answer? You've got the like brilliant entertaining. All these things, you know, and all these other choice. Well, there are a lot of people who like you. I mean, it goes in every votes yet. It's the only category with zero vote. And he's going to vote on a hundred and four. There he's sarcastic old man. It was that one. It was sarcastic. There are people. Oh, I've heard people calling you. How old goes in his business sucking your ass or are. Oh, my God. Your shop right in charge. You really know your. Yeah. Well, well, let's see. What's no bill about that. And I would say this day when it comes to certain obscure historical facts and information that you are brilliant. And you know, in certain part of your mind, what it used to be there, current events. Before the drugs war them away. He's okay, 35. And if you want to be 20, we'll get a big response on this second smell of boring 18, Pond had 15. And that's not negative. That's like they'd like to, they'd like to sit around and share a big fat one. We'll just matter five entertaining 12. Posit Queen 11. They just are convinced. Yeah. There's a good pull for a can't trust much. George or just in Tickerbell. Oh, I'll kick it. Here's a good one for you. I'm sure if there has ever been a mincing little fruity queen who got bottles through and in a month stage here last night. Bye bye bye. That was the message they were trying to give him is Tinkerbell. Bye bye. He floats like a butterfly. He looks me look like Hercules. He makes freaky curls of front look like Sanson. That's how, maybe David Sanson. Posit Queen 11. No, it all 11. Here for insomnia 8. Juvenile 6. I don't know what that's all about. Juvenile 6. Hard aspect 5. That's certainly the correct answer. I am Juvenile. You are? Absolutely. I would think Hard aspect is right on, but they don't, they have to know you personally to anal for sexually frustrated for another getting warm. Pervor 2, immature 1 and bring it out of 152, bring it in still a big one. I don't know. You know what? I think you're part, no. No, because I don't want to put all negative things on here. I mean, that's the ultimate compliment. If somebody said you were brilliant, but the positive ones you put on there are so extreme. Nobody would even vote for that. Well, we have to even get fed there. You put the godlike on there. No, I could. Well, you, you've entertained. You've got 12 votes for entertaining. What's wrong with that? Nothing. I'll take them. How, why, why would I ever want to do a poll where I give people a chance to rip? You can do this to me that one day when I'm on vacation. Oh, well, the me. I don't give a crap as long as I've ever checked. I don't care. I know. I'm old. I'm dodging. I'm on a way out. Man, I don't care what that logic of a crap. God. 10. And you should be objective the same way. You're getting old. You're dodging. Your hair is growing. You're on the way out. We all. We all. We all. Sooner or later. Let me say it again. Woodstock run by the Swiss. We had a great night here in Toronto last night at Downs View Parkfield Air Force Base. And what can I say half a million people? Almost half a million. Between four fifteen and a half a million. No, I mean, not one. There were a couple of arrests of unreliable drugs, whatever. But there was not even one fight, not a fist fight, not a pushing. Is it nothing? Nothing. Zero. Exactly. Unlike, of course, remember the stone's concert in California where the four, the hell's angels got in the, oh yeah, and four people died? I mean, every kind of time is a concert. Almost any place in the world are like people that get badly injured and mean, and wounded and killed and all of these things. Not a church. And you want to know why? Because it finally convinced me of the one word that separates Toronto from my soft offer example. I know what it is. Yeah, civilized. That's got to written down right here. Excellent. San Antonio, Georgia's brilliant. Georgia's brilliant. That's the word. 1058 at five 60 WQM. If you want to be in good health, all you might soft-tells can't hurt, they can only help you because they have all kinds of fantastic things in them. Starting off with pharmaceutical great olive oil, the best in the world. Super concentrated, loaded with health benefits for you. All you might in your push area can up reduce the risk of heart disease. And I cholesterol in fact, being a boy. Maybe if you're lucky, it'll turn out it was just only a med that they shoved in the earth. That's why you're feeling so much better now. No. Although I don't think that they make the barbecue sauce one yet. No. Now there are 14 different oleam and formulas to choose from. Each one combining the finest olive oil, like I said, only moments to go with vitamins, minerals, herbal, and sports, specific parts of your health. From your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system. All you do is pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need. And now there are three great new oleam and formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control that weight. And so cute 10 for your heart. While your out shopping, just to make sure, make a nice to point to keep in mind pick up some oleamated publics, echords, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Diversand, Sedanos. You can order it online if you like it. Oliometa, Merkah.com. If you want to get more information about these two pennies, products column toll free at 1-866-Oriumit. That's 1-866-655-363. Like I always tell you for better health. Start popping oleamets in your push dance soon. And my mind, and low, this is 4-3-O-5-6. You way too way, yeah. Mother f*** up on the water, my socks at night, so I smell like this is a crotch in the morning. Hey kids, there's a new energy drink that guarantees you offer more than its delivers. It's rentable crap. I know that simply drinking something can't make me stronger or faster. Or better looking your smarter, but at least rentable crap promises to you. Uh-huh. When you hear that eight ounces of colored water will transform you from a pathetic loser. Into an amazing athlete. You know it's gotta be Red Bull Crack. I never exercise in my life, but now I'm gonna run a marathon. Thanks to Red Bull Crack. Yeah, I come a sea student, but Red Bull Crack can turn me into an A-Stun. That's why I ordered a whole truck full of ho-ho! Here's your all-out crap. Red Bull Crack, that is. So, when you're feeling crappy, get the drink that's even crappy here that you feel. Red Bull Crack. We're full of it. We have a major bullet in here. Look at that. You've got to vote for Britain. See? Thanks, Mom. And you're not going to be putting that on her. I'm giving you every opportunity to put your best foot forward. You see what I'll say? That's the little right here. And then maybe like stumble on it and fall on your ass. But nevertheless, at least put it to good out there for it. I'm looking at this picture in the, uh, why don't want to say the national post. Okay. Well, but nobody there's got to have the, uh, Toronto National post. And I'm looking at the picture from, well, there are many, many pictures. They've got a whole special section on the concert. And of course I saw on TV last night, but when a picture, you've got to like, stuck right there in front of you know, and you can like, peruse certain individuals. And I'm thinking of myself, there are so many amazing looking young people in this picture. I just, uh, I'm thinking I would even like, look around the edges of most sack. Just to have a chance to get near a certain select people in this pinnome, saying, I would even like, very lightly just look around the edges. Very gingerly, very, gingerly and more, where we evenly. Right. Wow. What a fantastic event. But again, you know, you folks are in South Florida. And you know, we went to the Marlon game. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And then Peter Boy tries to pull a poor cold water on the event. He tells me before the show this morning. Oh, it was a Pudge Regress Bob it will have dollar last night. That's why they had a crowd. I guess what? Guess what? That's who, of course, is the sports expert, Mr. Macho Man. He air corrected us on that. Thanks, Duff. Even though you're a pussy. I hate corrected that. With a bottle head giveaway, there were 37,000 plus their last night to see the D train to see Don Trell. And they kicked us again. They want to get it when every day now. And they're like only still a game out of the wild card. And they're like the hottest thing. Hotest thing since Hall of Hall, which, of course, ain't too hot. But nevertheless. Pretty damn exciting to see all those firm running phony's. They only had 10,000 Monday, 11,000 or 12,000 untouched in our 37,000 last night. Well, red, juts, was there too. I'd be pretty pretty old. Is that last night? Yeah, it was Don Trell against Randy Johnson. That's what we beat. Yeah. Well, there you go. So it's like a special event. Soft Florida always responds to special events like a big, you know, but the rest of the time is nothing. It don't care. Here's Hallie Wood. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. I have a couple things. You need to put soft hitting stick on that ball. And that's not bad. This was king because little Richard already was queen and in closing. You're okay. Okay. That was a very lame Richard. I would refer Richard Jones. Are we putting that on our self-hating spick? No. Okay. What do you say, beiner boy? He's calling Eric now. Sure. Yeah, I think that's a good one. I think that was Reverend Jones. That's a good one. Self-hating spick. I like it. Although I wouldn't agree with that, but I, you know, do you think people, that would be like people calling me a self-hating Jew or self-hating bag stuff like that, which of course, I'm not true. I love myself. Right. And why not? If you don't love yourself, how can anybody else love you? I'm not. I'm trying. You, but I don't love myself. I just think I'm okay. I think I'm sensational. I mean, a body part of course I can't help that body part's pretty weak, but on the inside it's spectacular. Which of these terms best describes yours? He's okay, 47. Boring 24. wannabe 23. Pond head 16. Closet Queen 15. Although much more butch than the Justin Tinkerbell could ever be. Entertainment 15. No, it all 12. Pure for Insomnia 10. I see how much more emphasis that has been just plain boring. Right. Juvenile 9. Hard ass spick six. Amal and pervert five of piece. Sexually frustrated for immature two and look at this out of 195 votes. Bring it to. George has a big big pair for bringing him. Here's a call from Amin, sir. Hello. I'm a friend. No. Yes. I got a, I think the best way to describe George is a frightening lead mediocre. What was the first word he's won? Right. An evening. Right. Immediately mediocre. No, I don't need the frightening lead, but mediocre is good. I like that. And they can't believe you in George you have a car. Let's get away. Get away with the saying that he wanted to be gay. I don't know if you guys got that when he was a cover for a George. When he was sick. He said he wanted to be gay. And right off these heavy. Oh my god. I shouldn't have said it quick. You're a bit slow. He voted out of the name was practicing for it on that cruise. And I checked. And what do you think about George's terminal? I swear to God most boring goddamn. How do you grab? There's a fan of yours, George. Yeah, I can hear it. What do you think about my tail? Well, they all hate me not because of my ripped tail. Is that 80? That's not what I mean. Go start with that city of crap again. I'll have to play the whole thing. It's still good. That was the highlight of the big concert here last night. I forgot to mention that is that like right between ACVC and the stones. They couldn't. They would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. And they would just a bitch. Are you going to be giving those tickets to Fat Boy? Nope. No. No, say them fathically like you really mean it. I like some kind of... Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It was a mod tickets because they have... Okay. And that's it. You got to tickets. I mean, what you do with it, right? But don't give any tickets to Fat Boy under any circumstances. So he's annoying. He's obnoxious. He's pathetic. He's a grotesque. He's overbearing. He will not go away. The answer is... No, no. Hi, I'm Pally. The answer is... Bye-bye. Five... On this story, I guess I better take another one or two of these calls. But I wanted to end this story that I hadn't heard anything about this story. Because I was... See, yesterday here, I hit the break the news to you. But all those coverage... That's all they ever was talking about was the name stone thing last year. That is it. But there was a whole lot of media at the event, including local, national, and international. And they're still... That's not the... Because it was a great event. But to story about the hoax in the case of the long-ressing Indiana girl in the... Yeah. Oh, how embarrassing. And then, of course, CNN gets in woodwood stance for certainly not news. You people at CNN... They try to save their ass here last night. They actually sent somebody here, which we appreciate that. Everybody in Toronto, the fact that he gave us worldwide coverage. A lot of great event was now well-weldable stage. Now wonderful. The city is at Cedric and so on. But this on the heels, they even admitted that since they were at the forefront of hype and all of that SARS-Crap, including a lot of cases were supposedly... It was exported, which we know was not. Remember those bogus cases in Texas? If it had somebody sneezed in Texas, oh, they got SARS. They were at the airport in Toronto for ten minutes. Crap, you know. And so they tried to redeem themselves. But to make a long story, sure, I didn't see this story about this so hoax, which we'll get into. And you'll explain it. Because you're brilliant. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Fort Lauderdale. Long gone. Miami Beach, hello. Miami Beach, yes sir. And back to you. Are you going to answer them by any chance? Yes. Yeah, because they have the bare ass parade on some of their think on the canal. Yeah, this is pride weekend, Amsterdam, which I have no idea that it was when I made the reservations. Because you ordinarily have ordered those things like the plague, but at least there should be some people at this time. No, there's come to be a lot of people. I was just reading an industrial newspaper. Excellent. Can you do a poll on the week the day for you on and when Uncle George is on? Because I really like to see, I'm not tuning in anymore to this guy. He's a great guy, but he's trying to run a show with no subject and he just can't do it. He's much better when he finally has the subjects who people can call him for something. What do you mean by that? Can I run a poll? I don't understand what that means. He likes the whole building shows is what he's trying to say. No, no, what I'm trying to say is, it was a shot of me. You can't take a subject on the day if you're on because it's much more entertaining. You know, well, let me ask you this, what's the subject today here? What's our subject? Oh, you can run it without because you have that talent. Because I'm entertaining, which he is not right. I'm not here with only my point. And then you're a great guy, but I'm just, I said, I'm not right. How do you know he's a great guy? See, you do like it this claim or they're to try to like soften them all the time. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sure he's off the air. The great guy. He just cannot run away. He's going to a great guy. He's okay. I would say he's got to raise okay off the air. I'm great, but he's okay. I'm not a great friend, man. No, I'm a great friend. No, I'm a great friend. Okay. Talk about doing. What are you talking about, Bernie? Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, the only AT&T. I tell you what they were going to humongous responses like I predicted. Never any shortage of votes when you bring up yours. Two or any, 85 votes. And how many? I'm curious about the brilliant. Nine, still stuck on nine, but it's a guarantee you ever thought you'd get nine. You said I'm not going to get you for that. You know, all defensive, all like that's another thing that they don't like. Don't be defensive, be more offensive. I don't think nobody's here. Don't like a wimp out like that little weasel sitting across me. They're in the chair, the weasel. Oh, he is. He's a weasel. He spends half this time on Moeshead. The other time passed out on the couch waiting for the lineup. You know? That's what keep in mind. That was just still picture. That was only like part of a long line. That was like a punga line. It's just a moment in time. Yeah. And if there's anything we love on this show, it's a punga line. There must have been a whole bunch of guys. I've heard a man standing on my waiting for a refill on the barbecue sauce. Waiting for their turn. Exactly. How was it being? Was it good for you there? I guess that's why he turned all of a sudden. Did the show last Thursday he was straight. I come on here today to a show and put a being. He's out of the closet. Must have had a great time at Pearl's birthday party. Gay. Post discovered in case of long-lossing in the Anna girl. You have to fill me up. I better do the break and then we'll get into this in the end. Because I don't understand why they would put this clown on TV. This poor bastard who's getting conned right. And why wouldn't they tell my head a time? Right. That's the big issue at this point. And it's not only the cops who have do closely with this, but what about CNN? Right. Didn't they know? Of course they must have. Everyone knew before the fact except him. Nobody bothered to tell him that it was a setup to catch his tears. I'm sorry that I missed it. Are they going to put it on again? Or if he are on the hour they had been for the past two days. Good. I'll be here because I never watched CNN and MSNBC anymore because it's nothing but propaganda and a lot of pompoms which he gave me dizzy. But I'll be sure and check it out today maybe. Or not. 21 till noon at 5.60 WQM in our summertime and soft photo guarantees three things. Heat humidity in hurricanes. Now we all know you can't control the weather but you can control. How you protect your home during hurricane season. The hurricane shutterman. What was that? Oh, stapling sorry. The hurricane shutterman. Oh, sure provides the best hurricane protection. We just want to call the hurricane shutterman. Oh, sure. The next day. But the court for hurricane shutter is windows and doors. Customized and engineered specifically for you in your home. From panels, the courtyants roll up shut as impact resistant windows and doors. The hurricane shutterman. Oh, sure. We'll not be under so old. There'll be any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these folks. You buy direct from the manufacturer and also. So call the hurricane shutterman. Oh, sure. No. Shop toll free. 1800. 5. 380 1. They also offer cash in carry for. You do it yourself handy. You men. So if you're really serious about hurricane protection. Customized engineers specifically for your home. And who shouldn't be called the hurricane. Shedder and windows. Shop toll free at 1.800. 5.38. Oh, one. 1.25. 0.08. 0.08. You tell me that's the reason for what kind of crap is that? What is posh not good? It's great! Do you know my other thing? With Mr. Minnes? Hello, I'm Harry Smith. Join us tonight as we delve into the life of Dubinai Thai and Silia Crew. Born in Oyster Bay, Long Island. Cecil Fragman was a gifted child in more ways than what little did he know what one it would be. The early days of his career were in Bobville, performing stand-up comedy in Bragg. So I tell him if you want flowers, don't bang a floor as a crown! Is it being gibbison? Who? One by Biffred's bottle's fill! Oh boy! Cecil signed up as a merchant marine and was sent to Cuba, where he retooled his knife of a back, and became the well-adowed Superman that was featured in the film Godfather too. Little did he know, Castro would rise to power, forcing him to change his act once again. Look how I'm around the tide right around that time, and there was a voice to be filmed. So I happened to be unlike Uncle Milton and I here, to try to slip on a dress and start singing. Cecil changed his name to Celia Cruz, and became enormously successful as a drag queen salsa singer. Rubin's dealings earned Celia his fortune, like they did song he had after a record label offered him 85 cents per record in royalties. Oh the saddote, Celia died. It's 45560. It's an 80-day game, I can't imagine it. WQAM, here's a facts from Feral fan across brings it says. I had a revelation last week regarding the free that works the reception desk of the studio. Now this obviously is one of our listeners who picked up some free stuff. Biggest on the rest of the facts that says he should be worshiping Feral and craving his package, and then over backward look his ass, why? Because with all the free tickets for else give it up, Rapunzel Chin has had a steady stream of guys to check out when they go get their tickets. Like this Feral fan across brings. So next time you see him wearing his office, let's sure that there's a freebie giveaway and that's his bait to tool for something to hit on. I hope that this facts are in Rapunzel Chin at a good time when you think he thinks they can beat him or go out there and like, referee. Kind of hop in. So let's talk about this. Folks discovered in case of long-missing in Indiana girl, what it first seemed to be an achingly beautiful story of a missing Indiana girl who found her way back home 17 years after she vanished, turned out yesterday to be nothing more than a cool hoax. Any ass state police officials had a woman calling family members of Shannon Cheryl and falsely claiming to be Shannon who was cis when she disappeared in 1986. A warrant was issued for the arrest of Donna Walker 35 of Tupica. Walker's were about to run known as of this morning. Did they see any update on the story? No. State police first sergeant Dave Burston said investigators have found no clear indication of a motive but he said, police believe the Walker contact the news media herself to get up interest in the case. We learned an age today where people like to receive attention he said. The drama began over the weekend when Dorothy Cheryl picked up the phone at her home in Thorntown, Indiana. A woman police officer, Billy Edna, ISIS, tried again. A woman police believe was Walker told Cheryl she was her missing daughter. The woman also spoke with Shannon's father, Mike Cheryl, who is divorced from Dorothy before Shannon disappeared, she even agreed to meet him in person. The phone calls once the family in a joyful frenzy. I'm just ecstatic over the whole thing. My Cheryl told Walker reporters, it's okay. Like George it's okay. Okay. Very right. But. State police investigators who kept the case open since Shannon disappeared were wary. The woman became skittish to soon as police try to arrange for DNA testing confirm identity. She would call police but refused to provide a phone number she could be reached. When pieces of the puzzle didn't fit accurately together as when we started looking harder, Burton said, during the investigation, Burton said police believe that the woman called them three times, posing as other people once as a man and tried to disguise her voice. They believe she obtained information about the case on the internet. Investigators didn't make their doubts publicly share them with the Cheryl's fury that the woman might never be identified and charged. The Cheryl family was unaware of the hoax until minutes before was announced yesterday at a police news conference, which was broadcast live by CNN. This is real hard. I was expecting this at all when they called me with the information for a news conference. I thought for sure they were going to bring Shannon in here. I thought this was going to be something. Marshall said before melting into sobs and bearing his face in his hands, Dorothy Cheryl sent by wordlessly, diving it or eyes with a tissue. You ready for that? Right. And like it goes on to say, the hoax part of it is not so I'm common as we wish they were. But what's abhorin about this is that the police and CNN and everyone knew, except this family, that this press conference was going to be all about nothing. How could they, how could they do that to help the police do that? How could CNN do that to him if they knew? Well, we know that they knew, yeah, we know CNN and all the media people are heartless bastards. But what about that? That sounds like a tremendous lawsuit to make her, because he's never going to get satisfaction with luck as like he said before the show this morning. I mean, this is like a misdemeanor, what's he like a prank call as well. She gave that. But the fact that CNN put this guy on there for a press conference, and then he finds out when he announced that this was a hoax on the air, so they didn't see that's what they love. That's what the news media wants. That's what you grave robbers want is to put people on the air crying and sobbing and catch them in their weakest, most emotional personal private moments. So I'm saying, I'm saying that when we catch what's your name? What is your name again? This broad dog or longer? Donna Walker? That we line her up and we let everybody have one shot with a baseball bat. That sounds good. All right. And CNN, we just don't ever watch it again. Plus something like that. I just give people a CNN make me surprised that a man you're a joke. You're a, you're a farce, you're a hoax and that thing of sure. I said to the guy up here last night, you talk about trying to cover your ass. They made a big deal about that bogus story and Texas a couple. We see after we finally got over the second star at Saras wave here and finally starting to make her come back. Oh, and Texas, there's these military that was at the airport in Toronto for 45 minutes. But above all, they got a cold and they got a bleeding oozing hemorrhide. Now, when they finally did the retrace in the next day, it wasn't the lead story. It was like, it's like when they do a correction in newspaper. Right. But like if the Harold from our puts on a front page, George Rodriguez accused of raping 15 women. And then, you know, the W.A. George George, and then if they put on the page two, you know, where they have like the, um, the subscription information and the thing that nobody reads, tiny little micro type. Tiny old correction. It was not. It was George Rodriguez from a sweet water was not George Rodriguez from the top because it's time to make in George Rodriguez in South Florida. They heard the regrets sincerely out of yoddy, in other words, don't sue our ass. Once you're crap, people at CNN, you should only croak, okay? The NMSNBC only nobody watches them. What a sad excuse for freaking news. 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Here's plantation, hello. Gone? Yes, sir. Hey. What is your article? What happened to plantation? Okay. It's killer. Yes, it is. Mr. Rodgers, I'll put you to speak to you again. Yes, it is. You please afford me 15 seconds to make my point. What is that mean? I am a listener since 1987. Okay. Data. IOD QAM. All right. Yes. My point. What is your high slash wee tune in to 560 AM from 10 to 2? Thank God. Want to hear, by the way. Yes. Thank God for 10 to 2. I know. Absolutely. 9 to 1 is like, you know, close. What was it, correct? We want to listen to and hear the voice of new Rogers. You know, this respect to George. Yes. Because he is a great guy. And when I and Lee want to hear your voice. Yes. Why not the tapes? No, Henry has no substitute. When he's on vacation or whatever, they play tapes to fill in. But when he's not there, why doesn't cure? Are you sure? Because we have to add a lot of to do it. I don't want to re-hand. I don't want to. Listen to me. You are the best. That's what we want to see. Sir. We're only saying something to you. I don't care if it was a tape from yesterday. Sir, we're just. I don't want to. I will for you every month. Okay. Hold the sucking for just one second. Harvey? I say give me one second. Yes. The fact of the matter is this that I don't believe in tapes because everything we talk about and it is just like the story we just had on now. But the the the hopes on the fight and the growing the end. That's what we talk about whatever is going on now in town in the world. I'm talking about the big concert here last night in Toronto. Six months from now, a year from now, any of the things that I'm talking about today would be meaningless. It's like talking about alien and the pope visiting Miami. All these things and when it's to play the tapes, it's a bunch of outdated crap. Nobody wants to hear that. I response to that is you're absolutely 100% right. Right. That's what the fact that we love hearing the voice and the Rogers. You know, it was yesterday's tape two days from now. We do want to hear your voice. Well, how about how about if I just did like a generic tape where I read like the Toronto telephone directory. And it would not be outdated until I come up with a new phone book next year, which gives me a one year and at least you hear the sound of my voice. Okay. Survey says clean and outright. Do you understand my point that we love to hear your voice? That you're obsessed with my voice and you probably do a so-and the solution stays while I'm on the area. We're addicted to your voice. Yeah, see there's the dick part. Okay. Okay. This is the donut guy. Yeah. The donut guy. Yes, I do. Okay. And also listen to me. And play them clean up your act by the way. James, Harvey? I said, I'm glad you cleaned up your act. I have. I have the names of your agent, Jeff Beak. I want to say I love both of them. And I have the list in the two uses, 1987. We need tapes on those days. Not the district's back George George has a great time. Say goodbye. Say goodbye. Say goodbye. See it, Winchels. I see it, Winchels. That. Ha ha ha ha. Ah. See that. There was a great cover. You know, the, the, the, the, the name of the same before. They just want to hear the sound of my voice. They're obsessed with the sound of my voice. They feel like they're okay. Like life is okay. And that they can get up for another day as long as I'm on the ear. I show up. Now, what are these people going to do when I return about five minutes? I mean, about the three and a half. How come it keeps it continues being three and a half years? It seems like I've been saying that for a long time for a lot of years. Not third and man. Every and a half years sounds like a lifetime away to me, especially another. I'm a dotting old fool. How how am I going to do this in three and a half years? I was saying to somebody yesterday, I'm thinking very strongly that this Tuesday and Thursday thing. I could get used to this in a heartbeat. Of course, there have to be a lot of occasions like the one I'm starting out. Huh? No, and I think Bina Boy is very important for you. And it's good that you got to summer schedule on there. But now that I'm going on vacation today, and we'll be back until Tuesday, August 12th. You probably want to put that on there for people like him who desperately need it. It's not a shot at George. It's just that George is not being taken right now. George is not being. George is not being. He's not those awful awful tapes. I mean, it happened to other really good people back at IOD. Remember when they tried to go? Who was that? A defo, Randy, Rick and Sides. No, I thought you said it happened to good people. Oh, I'm sorry. I was Sides. Yeah. And they were just shredded by the audience. They will accept what? When did Randy fill out on my show? Did you say it was the end? It was the end. It was the end. And it only lasted two days. Why is that? Outpouring according to Gary was just way too negative and they replaced it with tapes. Because they couldn't stay. They were ringing the phone off the hook. You mean, I was like, when they tried to re-affoon and they put the long because they came to this side. I mean, I'm not in Randy there. Am I? Yeah. But stay had her filling in for you for a couple days. I still have great respect for her gigantic pair though. I really do. Show not. She has big balls. Yes, she does. She loved a few people. All ears are working this business who had the balls to tell men is with the ghost to get right up their ass. And that wins a lot of points with me. Because most people in this business are a bunch of wimpy, nervous little nellies. I don't want to mention stuff because he's already got problems. They're when I keep changing things. Nervous little wimpy people who like kind of cow or an a corner. Oh, it's a fight. Greg, it's a fight. Yeah, I grab. Very sad. That's not a good guy. I don't know if he's a good guy. But the, the posture that he brings to the table. He's so wimpy and so in effectual and so lame and so weak and so useless and so. Swishy. 156. It's at 5. 60 W Q. I mean, a hurricane season is here before a storm has you put up shutters to predict the windows and doors of your home. But what about the roof of your house, eh? The sun may paint. What about it? What about it? The sun may paint that. See there you go. This like I said, they want to hear my voice. They don't want to hear your voice? Especially for high paid sports. The sun may paint that you make roof master gets a roof coating that can help you Hurricaneproof your roof now. The sun may use roof master save hundreds and hundreds literally a roof during hurricane Andrew while lots of unprotected roofs were peeding off and flying down the road. So may also as waterproof coatings for every kind of roof called the sun may paint factory at 305. 633. 6333. The sun may paint factories. The oldest quality paint model for coating manufacturer in Florida. Some may save you money because they eliminate the middle man markups. They sell to everybody wholesale prices. That are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the same natural brands in your retail stores. So protect your home and property from soft photos, brutal tropical climate and save yourself a. Schmidt load a cash with the best paints and water from coatings anywhere. I must do that again like I did on Tuesday. Call the so-made paint factory at 305. 6333. 6333. Your final on the web at so-made.com. So, anyway, so-made.com. To save a lot of cash like I said, they Schmidt load a money. When you buy directly from the so-made paint factory, be sure and tell me you're in the opportunity to call 305. 6333. 6333. Why do you look all the way here? Sports video 5. 66. 2AM. This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax by having very magical and massage my body. I listen to give it to the writers while the one I have. Hey. About time I was about vacation. Then puncture that station or they're lovely. What's the meaning? This looks like what's pop. My every beat of less. Ooh. Beatlessity beat me. There. Right now, like taking a dip in some manhole. Now just to just his conscience. My balls can use a little vitamin C. Hey, please. Hey. What kind of body's doll? Well, it looks like a... Oh, I'm dressed. The hell you're doing here. What? I'm holding hands you see. I'm on vacation. I know. But listen, you know. You can help me. So, you see kids. Things that got a knowledge under his tube. Well, actually I was done and asked you. You're not going to get under my tube, right? You're a tour of Kaseki. You're a whole family. Oh, I certainly. But he's looking at me. That's it. My little sales home, and I don't have the heavy wall, then. What the hell is that? It's like a trot. Like that one. Yeah. Like this one. He's like a spoon of it. Oh, you're so cool. Oh, that's right. I don't know what's inside. I don't know what he's gonna do. I'm going to break it out. Oh, man. That's right. You're way deeper. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. We missed it. I was trying to get the last few things there. Mr. Bell going out of my head. You felt like a swish. A fish out of water. They should know. They keep showing his tip, which I love. They didn't show it on the tip. It's tough last night. But they keep showing today the guys doing water bottles in. It was beautiful. They still sacrificed the water just to get the message. Didn't buy by by just in the way you suck. What a joke. Just in takeable limits of the stones and ACDC. And guess who and Rush and Sam Roberts. All these other great groups. Somebody wanted that idea. Somebody else approved it. Yeah. There's no way to find out who those people are. So whatever those people are, let's just. To even let you something so they don't do next time. Bush called President Schroben government memo. These Canadians ran their the best. Winnipeg says, Scatheewon's government has tried everything to get the US border open to its beef, pleading could you all even threatening a van on foreign beef. Now, researcher for the ruling new democratic party is resorted name calling. In a memo that described US President George W. Bush has. Schroben. Holly Evans of the proud. Titled rate petition to person in shrub the bullet on NDP caucus. Let her head was distributed this week. The members of the legislature candidates for S.S. Gantzewon's coming. I see first they called him a moron right. That was crutch and called him moron. We're back at the beginning. Of course he's right. And then there was that brother had a resign. One of the members of parliament who was called him. What was he saying was. Some thought. Yeah. I've got to say. And now. His back is just plain little shrub. They got to thumb on it. They're on it. All over the world are on them. It's only about 50% or maybe 45% of the dumb Americans who can't say through this. We're on the hunt. We're on the hunt. We're going to find a way on the hunt. Did you see that performance yesterday? No. I tried to avoid it. But of course he had to emphasize that he and the Pope are hand in hand. And in fact he may be standard where one goes up. It's like the Pope wears. And one of them be easy pretty soon. The Pope who condemned the war. And who said that anyone who engages in this kind of activity will have to answer to God. Yeah. But now the Pope is on the right side of straightness and the head of a social rally. And God. Yeah. It's at a right side. Because far beyond from W to start from what in fact, marriages and things like that. It's a man and a woman. You got it. A man and a woman. One man. One woman. Making babies. It's at a certain. Oh right. Sounds good to me. Let's take a look at the pool here and see if George is making a comeback. Which of these terms best describes it now? I must take it. I don't want to start in. Oh, they are on there now. Do you see anti-Semitic? I don't see that. Did you pass that long bonehead boy? No, I did not. Eric and I have a little bit of internet issues. Actually the internet issues are mine. What do you mean by that? Something was wrong here with my server. I couldn't get any email out. I couldn't get on the internet. But no, there isn't email problem. Because my email here is so slow today. It's like a caterpillar. Something with it now. In addition, which why are you taking our time on this very famous expensive show to be Diddleman with your email problems? He has the email the updates to Eric. Why didn't you call him? I realized that forces you to have to speak to him which you dread. What I just didn't speak with him. Especially since he saw those pictures. In fact, Eric made them one of those guys standing online behind you. Salivating over the prospect of innovating your. That's a very important thing. Eric was a very important phone call. So I spoke with his lovely wife. Yeah. So she is nice. She is nice. Unlike him. Okay. So here's the deal. 257 votes. George is immature 3. Situ intellectual 3. Southhating spik 7. That's doing very well. Moving up nicely, George. Pover 8. Sexually frustrated 9. I think Crystal wrote on his wife put one in there. In the middle of the day, he was a little bit late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. He was a little late. Okay. I must commend you very highly for restorating yourself for his. It got only knows hey, that's the word. He's okay 85. Whatever you folks say he's okay. 5-6-705 60-pice. See how better I tell people because I told I'm going back to Amsterdam. A vacation oven's railing and screaming. The only how we'd never go back there. And it was very disappointed. And it was. The last two trips I've made there been extremely disappointing and there weren't a lot of tourists and it was like Nothing but a bunch of Dutch people which most of us don't want to be around and that kind of like that But in August now see in southern Europe like in Italy and in Greece and a lot of the country Spain parts of France that's August is the month there where it goes on vacation Not so much in northern Europe in fact a lot of those people from southern Europe may wind up in Amsterdam People are like taking a vacation time looking for a hedonistic place where they can go and screw around have a good time It's gonna be really interesting what's going on in those coffee shops because I don't know Remember that's start we head off there now. What's up in a band the weed and hash and the any about because of the anti smoking Fanag is not because of the drug element Gonna be everything to see if there's still smoke any We're gonna rope we'll be eagerly awaiting your report not that you normally go into one of those places But you might want to just stick your head in there and see what's going on. I have never been in a Coffee shop in Amsterdam in my life. Well, do it's a favor. Well I'll stand outside enough. I'll sniff In fact, there a lot of places in Amsterdam you go outside But you don't want to sniff too hard because there's so much dog crap on the street if you sniff too hard to like You just destroy your nasal passages. It's bad for you So I forget I'll give it one more chance and a great thing about Europe unlike the US which is so damn big, you know And Canada to Canada's gigantic. It's you're gravity Europe is tiny it's small And Amsterdam's a good and easy place to fly directly to from here or from Miami and as a result of that if you like get there And it turns out there's nothing but scumbags and a bunch of nasty clone leather queens and stuff like that Then you get on a planery get on training or someplace else Hit my drift. I caught it. There you go. So that's why I'm going back but not that I need to explain to anybody But probably there are some scratching their heads one region. We're just carrying on hysterically about how Amsterdam sucks and don't go there I'll give you a report when I come back. I'll you know because there's there's no point at spending your vacation time and money on a place that's gonna suck So take it for me if there's too much suck and go and I'll let you know and probably there will be on pride weekend We must suck and go in on being a boy if I'd maybe be no boy I'd like to go there Don't you think I don't think oh I can I won't be glad to I volunteer to take some pictures or you with a Screen okay I can't say the one on there But you got the camera for it and some of those other places Here's a call from Where is the plantation hello? Yes, sir. What's up, pal? How are you doing pal? Well, I tell you I call every time you're doing a George Paul Yes, he does Oh, you know my boyfriend. They're in him like poison He really is so bad that guy that called up about the tape Yeah, that is a great idea. I know not a great wait a minute I leave him and I call it off professionals. I night he calls about the same thing I know you won't I go there Let me take something take a entertaining and brilliant and on the bottom of that list what you all these things Okay, all of those things Yeah, the personal gym To be given away checks of a million dollars a piece and he was still pointed to sleep Yeah, stick around you That kid that will finish kid you got working for you He's been entertaining On a board to July That's a talent right so he blows him I don't know that's a new thing I'm hearing but that's got beautiful George please go away go to another state of Israel I'm not really just banana kiss you are I told you I'm doing the fire and you're doing it Yeah, sure You're a little hot peak Okay At a great day and thanks for your vote. He likes you man. He'd rather hear me than George You can tell that guys just pull a crap well, you know something I think that's a good poll When I come back one of those days, you know one of those two days and third days I have a couple of weeks of still two days and Thursday Thank God mayors it only one week And we're coming back now two weeks two weeks. Oh Do you have any idea how fast this is going by this is a scam Greg this is a bad scam I I that whole summer off the hill was great and then of course I got a copy for the donor guy. He'd really be suicidal That's why that's why I had to do these two days and Thursday during the summer to pacify people I can Of course this last guy was your number one fan. I know everybody has a number one fan just as James Khan. He'll tell you What I mean this guy just hates you. He's entitled a hate you and I have an extra one You'll say I will say this I will say this at least he was you know expressive and articulate and he was very forceful And he right I like left us with the impression that he may have a problem with you As you know say I know I understand it's problem tip Oh He's polar what he says a crowd who crowd makes something like that. He's Polish Italian Professionals die in night coward hiding over you. What is sign in I what is that? I mean I mean I Word no, I made up it. I'm New word. I see Maybe he's Zionist late. Maybe that's what a Zion idea Zionist light about him Zionist hard right hard. I see the few 12 13 at five 60. It's ripped towards an ass day and it's it's a good idea because we get on the this is like a cathartic experience of like Cleansing so that what's our interpretation after today and then like the next what is it like five six Seven shows not that many the next seven shows you can like you know You're the good stuff yeah Yeah, like anal protrusions a genital words taste like a recession apparently what is that? For three years now you've been going off about one ass show that I did do us how that guy got him all whipped up into a friend Jah Haasto he is now being her he's really angry yeah calm down Disappointing it's just a radio show if you're so forward to that big direct deposit you're gonna be getting X-Pady on the 10 Okay, well, so maybe won't be quite so big On a fifth that's right look at the head start judges part of the head start program 12 13 and of course Blonervar once in a real fast dispersion the hip part By now you've been here to about laments a lesson how laminated would flooring from lemon It's our us as the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood floor Laminants are us as the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from pirado per grow Well, what is it per grow Wilson art unifloring quits that they've got all the top names all installed by per go certified in stars Here's another reason why to be calling them in the service their prices will absolutely for you I guarantee it right now You can get there some as special for just 19 95 Vust that's correct just 19 95 Vust gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring in this positively Unbelight by amen and lemon the service will match a legitimate written offer to if you like the H.O.A. free and home estimate call laments a rust toll free 1 877 777 73336 and tell me craggy old meal protein call what could be easier free carpet disposal Free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care lemon. It would for Call laminated to us today toll free 1 877 777 3336 Wow that is number one with four bullets He acts me I love that you'd like it my not not just one of those things because it's filthy and disgusting And it's funny all like it's a little rough Well while I saw what are you trying to say that we probably shouldn't be playing that is that what you're now saying not rough in that way It's rough around the edges as in bokeh Brian's son still has some production issues to hash out I All things I think is magnificent. I thought so too. That's why I think it's sensational sure be sending the abit's a plan on the other shows on our station Course not planning but he just threw it in like on a separate disc as an after thought when he thought I think it's great And in addition, which of course I got his new disc here right now. Thanks, Boca. Love you Even though Let's see if you have an 89 votes. I want to like anti-Semitic's got one now just one on there that guy that just called What that's his vote But he's not the one who said that that was another caller before in a previous hour No, I don't miss to paranoia for you. You and him the two of you. Yeah, I think we got to have a duel like it to people park So does baseball season ensure Anti-Semitic one where I get about what's your take up? What's it these phrases describes George the best immature three? That's not bad suit of intellectual four some 80s spik and Pervert and essentially first written anal all each have ten I Thought anal would do better than that didn't you bone it Yeah Oh, that's right. I forgot you can't be talking about anal these days. Sorry. I don't want to have anything to do with that The late now in it probably should have put a sign on it before you passed out Media ochre 11 juvenile 11 hard ass spik 12 I think that's such a great hard ass spik. That's human pretty soft actually brilliant 15 cure for insomnia 16 Know what all 17 closet queen and potted those two seem to be like side by each to they're like married to each other So maybe George is married to a pothead or another closet queen each have 20 entertaining 37. That's very good want to be 43 boring 99 and he's okay 93 hands down 23.6% he's okay. He's okay. That's it. That's it all in spite of this recent turret We've had a hatred and psychosis in last few minutes that just it was how they've ratcheted it up Miss ratchet maybe calling next They've ratcheted up the level and degree of just anawocing and hate to pour a little George and Of course in his case he takes it personal. That's a sand part Yeah, for years I've been trying to win you off of that crap out taking it personal. I insist he just know whatever you say You do okay. Here's Miami. Hello Miami When is he as he has sounds like you can't hear this call-o-bone head He's a fast phone go ahead He sounds like you're in a barrel. Oh, please don't ever come in a speaker phone Okay, good job We got off the speaker phone. He got off the phone. Maybe he got off. I don't know sound like it. Here's Daniel. Hello Daniel Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing good. Hey, I love that thing you write about shrub but do you notice that every time W has a speech he throws in about five lies in the speech with the truth And the people don't even see what yesterday's lie was no matter if I gave the tax cuts or not We still be in a deficit right now. You know that's a both-face lie Tray and dollars in tax cuts. Yeah, and he said he had a with the spray face He said even if I would have given those massive tax cuts We would still be in deficit in fact. Paul the Gallo was screaming on cross fire yesterday They think about 28 billion dollars is the entire budget for online security and we've got a $20 tax cut over the next 10 years for the ultra rich. Yeah Yeah, yeah, and then we're trying it and they were now when they're threatening about more More attacks on and more hijackings What were they gonna do? They were gonna cut way back on air marshals and then they changed their mind because they got caught with her pants down And they've cut back thousands of airport screeners all around the country now coming right at the time Right for just before all of this new threats come about. Yeah, yeah I just wonder if you know people don't look at things They ask you I don't believe anything someone says if if they say it's black I'm gonna go check and see if it's black yeah, and people just oh yeah We would we would step whatever he says whatever this would it says I can look after all the lies he's told by now between the weapons and mass destruction and the ties with Sodom and Alcada and every day Other than thing how could anybody believe him on anything? He's a he's a neurotic psychopathic liar He can't control himself if you know his pose are falling like a rock I mean, yeah, I do know that yes In the 50% range right now and get a strong person They make some sense Who's that gonna be? I don't know. I mean I only like Dean because he kind of handsome But I don't I can't go with Graham because he was you know He was a he was on the wrong side of Ilion and I don't go for that guy He was he's a political who or he'll say whatever Who's there Graham he seems like a political boy I think he was guys every pull he's got one percent he's got the same one percent And after we got Bobby although you know I think I like him how about how about Dean and get somebody else? He had some I want to see some good look of man how about that one from South Carolina Edward? Oh god, no way Well he can't do any words about the W's do it no one's ever great life fella Okay, I maybe maybe a Howard Dean will look for that. I don't know maybe go to Vermont and get a game marriage Woo man that was a pretty scintillating, you know Yeah, I Estimacy is question who's gonna be that strong candidate that's gonna. I was double because I think he's there for the pick and he's right Tell him you can smell it who's it gonna be? I'll leave her man. I'll leave her man. I may yeah, in fact I bet you that guy I call me for the hates you like boys need probably like to vote 20 or 30 hundred times I'm sorry for your juley woman No chance baby juley woman is the reason that George W was able to steal the election the first place You hear that only on this program and you want to know why because it is Right 26 past noon at 5 60 W Q a m how much weight of human gaining over last few months if you're like most other Americans man You're big as a house Big as a tub That's why we hardly enthusiastic you recommend balance for life because all of us fat people We know all the diets the atkins die at the watermelon die at the grapefruit die at the banana died the Exyn whatever the you know there's a minute of mouth there and some of matcha. We're for you But if you're frustrated because none of those weight loss programs have done the job that you're looking for You really ought to be yourself a favorite tribe balance for life because it's so simple There's no cooking. There's no shopping no cleaning nothing worry about no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting No big survey to fill out ahead of time the only thing you fill out is a little menu every week And you have two choices for each meal every day that's our on a program. By the way Balance for life is the only company that gives you two choices for each meal and snack on a program every day And that's it and they deliver all your food in a black sack every morning and there it is by six a.m. right at your doorstep Three gourmet meals two delicious nice all fresh delicious goodies the beast inform this to the food as good as it was before is even better than ever And I bet you know Bobbogano is she there, huh? Maybe a little Bobbalu but no Bobbogano is So the bottom line is with balance for life You're not starving you don't you don't have no desire to cheat because you're full and satisfied all day long So what's in for all if you're out of shape if you're overweight if you were really six shape and diabetic Maybe that balance for life take care of this once and for all calm today 954 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 You'll be starting to see results within just a matter of a days you can also get more info on their program on their website balance for life.com Wait Don't say to are you suffering from a rectal dysfunction romance just not what it used to be really What up pussy? Oh no, where you got to be kidding you mean to tell me you're just hanging a droopy prune Wow You're a scissy you're not even gay You're beyond gay do when you have someone lift his food at cornflakes for you in the morning Let's face it if you really need this stuff you're not a man at all. I mean how many men actually need this garbage Really anybody you buy penis and hands or just wants to get bigger and stay that way overnight That's all there's no real medical use for Let's hear a swissie was What do you offend it pay we're a pharmaceutical company we can do any guy damn thing we want now any We got on his shelf will make you think you need it. Hey guess what you're so Fucking stupid I can say all this and you'll still run to your doctor for a script Oh man what a loser probably Republican It's 31 at five 60 WDK I got a very disturbing fact here when you sent me Why the disturb it? It says I just got back from a trip overseas but a couple of days in Amsterdam I could have saved a lot of money by taking I-95 stock through overtime In fact downtown Amsterdam is Miami look like the cleanest friendly city in the world the word that comes to mind Describe Amsterdam is Ronti along with all of its synonyms. Belgium was outstanding See I have to engage for myself because it sounds to me like Ed who sent this fact. Maybe that was his first time there Okay, I don't I don't know But I mean some some people would have gone here like five years ago Instead obviously really wrong you place you know bohini and whatever I don't know what you describe it But if there's a lot of people there it'll be fine. You follow him saying no If there are a lot of tourists there and if the city is really hopping and buzzing it'll be great It's only when all the locals are there and the roster drug crowd out there in the streets and there's not much else going that they stand there so conspicuous Because I'm used to that But when there the only thing there it's kind of disturbing and you get on a train and go to Colony immediately I'm gonna tell you right now and this is the honest to go to this truth if anybody in the world out there wants to go to what you got some bucks You got some vacation time. I'm begging you in fact. They just had a big story on him last week because they had a big Hail storm so I again a calcesterman colon very bizarre in our like in the middle of July And they showed it look like it had snowed about a foot and it was all hail All I went went all the heel and colonial but anyway seriously I'm not exaggerating is such a fabulous city and There's so much to see and the even just in the train station Is spectacular what is that tell you Have you pardon? Nothing are you picking on my German friends again? Yeah, I'll see you know there you go I'll see you try to cover up because that the design night guy What has nothing to do with you? No no seriously Colony is a fab and the people there are beautiful and their fabulous and the food I just everything and man you want to get your hands on a good brought-horse beaner boy Just be careful where you put it Anyway, it says fat pig out story for your five corn dogs last night tomorrow a game two and burst a call and tell you Yeah, they're all too embarrassed to tell me because I'm the only honest one about my pig and out Everybody else liar like they'll keep getting fat or if I don't know you're doing They want to take to the sugar your little only one eating a tubs of ice cream right Anyway, he's got a couple of George Paul suggestions which is this is very strange because his suggestions Better than the mole man course that could be anybody that could be a dead man or good producer sidekick, but then in very tiny print on the bottom He says shameless request more ripped George shows see even a people who like you enjoy these shows sure what's not And this this wasn't a ripped George Joe look when I do a poll like this is very possible that 90% of the people are called in or voted on a poll could as What could have said yeah, we're in entertaining or he's okay. There It's not no why Because I'm not you So what does that mean or see what you don't understand? Is that I keep telling the server here because you're out in the summer and all of it case the best especially the summer time But people are listening now. It's not my audience Some of it is but there's a big part of the audience you have that hate me like poison. They don't want to hear me there Yeah, right These laughing on a serious you have a certain number of anal obsessed Pot smoking a Swing club attending a searching whatever and they're not interested in me to want to hear your craft man people that yeah No, I'd say Yeah, there's that's the following there right Right, so it's not like I'm doing this during the middle of what I'm doing to show all the time like you know I can October or something this is your time now and you're still doing pretty well I was a let's see let's go to Fort waterdale, hello That's you yes Yeah, I'm going to say I use respect you All can't have a whole thing type push stuff garbage never be half or after ass low after ass Used to be speck me, but my give him my honest opinion more than half of America agrees of me now Sir and probably 80% of the rest of the free world. I've got to IQ larger than than some unlike you I'm not going to sit here and hit political opinions to try to please you bye bye Rather than call me and give me a son that's used to be speck me. Okay. I've been a liberal Democrat and even though the Democratic Party sucks I tell you that all my life and then for me to start closing up to some right wing much of fascist lunatics some corporate Looking assholes and they gonna happen. Okay, so I don't act like I've done some wild turn to the left Right on this right there because I haven't done it I'm consistent consistently right okay not to the right politically, but correct Right, but that's saying he's called that same crap people on he's been listening he'll never turn it I say same garbage man Just call sit there waits for 40 minutes to give me the any nose a knock-on-o-sen was bull crap See how paly see how just do a little boost up man just give me the practice there you know Check ass Here's my any hello Yes, sir What is to your grandma Play most taught this Comment on the George thing I mean I mean I just because I admit those couple of times go ahead my dark conflict is for them So I do cool one thing about George is he doesn't buy this time he says his own his mind right and He never suck up because if he did sometimes he expresses this just pleasure about Gay So-where I'm for instance, right and at the risk of Papa's on fat with you now he doesn't look like any fight because he knows I hate those shows too. It's a So right even do that okay You know Is that okay Okay, I do What he's trying to say is your anti-symmetric what he was trying to say? Yeah, that's what he was trying to say he was trying he was observant he realizes that you have this Jew thing Even got rid of his Jewish accountant Which by the way that was a good thing my Irish account may be an opera couldn't refuse good excellent. I like the Irish No, it's to be a counts out of me like sexual all I want to be anywhere near them. They're pasty and they're pale and they're oh on the contrary I like the Irish women Wow, I don't know about the Irish woman because I don't really care all you mean like what's your name? Andy catch life And the car's life. Oh in the cartoon in cartoons JRL the Irish women are like that they look like washer women like Portuguese washer women that's the ones I've seen Okay, more you know I'm serious. It's what I've seen that you didn't get the more it's see more coverage of this concert here last night. Oh I'm serious in them. I you know the music was fine. It was okay, but Watching on TV naturally being the old purve that I am I'm watching those young people in a crowd and of course It was a hot afternoon evening and the guys most of them had their shirts off and like I told you a couple of the girls had their shirts off Which was pretty exciting for some and it was it was unbelievable You see because generally speaking this is a city that's like most real cities that has loads and loads of young people living in breeding beautiful people You can walk out like downtown you go out on a young street and like go to a restaurant to sit there at the window and look out and your tongue is down here Down here knees down here ankles because there are so many beautiful people to pick and choose and squeeze from See what I'm saying as opposed to South Florida with the ever-jages about 90 In addition to which you've had a whole bunch of banana boat people look like the spaceship just landed. Yeah, I mean I don't mind banana boat people if they look human But for some reason South Florida seems to have attracted a lot of banana boat people are looked like you know My favorite Martian or something you know I'm talking about sure You see it in your car you're out there trying to drive on a highway it's frustrating enough and you look to your left And you've served here right to try to stay alive and and you're looking at those assholes that are out there and you're one of you so Who are these people I can't tell you how many tens I've done it you're looking and hopefully maybe once in a while You see somebody who looks feel fairly attractive might be interesting, you know Maybe a little cruise right out there on the highway or real one And the beautiful I beg you, pardon and chances are it'll be an asshole and it'll be like beiner boy Sitting there, but his guy damn license plates stuck up his ass Maybe that's what the cop was upset about the other day maybe the thing is you know and of course Being a boy is trying to put anything there and try to heal it up real fast In fact, I got a great name for beiner boy Since he came out today how about the Vaseline queen oh No Vaseline queen oh, I think we got our thumb on a baby. Oh, yeah VQ yeah VQ so no more beiner boy. It's gonna be VQ from here on in VQ Got it The Vaseline queen Back to me George's obsession with anal stuff would finally rub off on you so to speak. I wasn't one I know there were a lot of guys rubbed off on I just took the pictures scorch court. Yeah Anybody hasn't seen the pictures go to the aridus.com There is something screwed on the internet today, but the email thing is just sometimes you can't even get through on it Then we ever find out about the streaming they've ever come back or not. It's it's there's still working on it Have to have the people have it have the people don't. I'm getting the pulse both ways. Well, I'm pretty peored about that Go both ways are just getting pulled calls both ways. I see. Okay VQ 1240 2012 one is five 60 WQ and if you're in a dead end job Or maybe you just haven't dead end like Carlos does not back home. I mean VQ does Maybe Carlos is too expensive and just have to have four years to wait to start getting a career if you will you come down And you could also you know you could shut the mic off on doing the spot, but I know you're a game If you can afford 10 bucks a month commit yourself three nights a week for four months fast-training Can help you achieve a new high-pane computer career that is correct If there's 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for people qualify what a genius VQ man The Vaseline queen that's you are a substitute right rhymes with bean Vaseline queen as in bean or boy call fast-trained toll-free and get you a life get you a career get you a paycheck Call one eight six-sex fast-trained with four locations all over town there's Bombative fast-trained near you call I'm too free like I said one eight six-sex fast-trained when you make the call you talk to a train career counselor Who can get you on the narrow path to a real life fast-trained offers day even we can schedule's job placement hands on training So pick up your little instrument call fast-trained today toll-free and One eight six-sex fast-trained time at VQ for the call fast-trained defer payment is valid for a year regular payment supply thereafter whether you're in a high school whether your high school student on summer breaks I mean underpaid it and crappy job working for peanuts or just looking to increase your net worth calm today What you got to lose beside a real crap job call one eight six-sex fast-trained or check on that wicked worldwide web at fast-trained.com juegos 26.560 WCM got the mad dog the one and only a two the Humperate four and then I guess let me just take a look at this schedule because Duff was saying Hank is going back on vacation again Oh, that's our look who's on a marlotte for Karras the Gagby Wow So a lot of vacations but a moe is on vacation right now everybody in the buildings and a really great mood even I'm up here. It's rubbing off you know what I'm saying Yeah, I feel so much bitter about like just knowing that he's not around he's like the dark cloud that hangs over Everybody's existence Which of these terms best described George we're getting close to 450 on air what we got 442 votes immature three going from the bottom up and custom it x5 pervert 10 self-hating spick is tied with the sexually frustrated 11 so I guess you could say self-hating sexually frustrated spick 11 anal Plants been stuck on 11 for a long time vq Hard ass spick and pseudo intellectual and juvenile each would 12 Media ochre 13. I hope everybody in the buildings starts looking at being a boy now calling them vq Okay, so we can all you know Bitter blue is just catching on well wait We need to go out at the pass a it's pass a vq the racially in queen Oh God now where was I on the elist So intellectual 13 mediocre 14 cure for insomnia 16 know what all 18 Bring it 19 Padhead and closet queen at 21 apiece entertaining 41 wannabe 49 boring 61, but he's okay. Okay 98 I like I said that that was a an active brilliance see Green chick at work is that wasn't active brilliance on your part Because when my mid my original list he's okay was neither club and ever even entered my mind Well, that's the right answer Here is a crossbrings hello Yes, sir except for the brilliant entertaining and he's okay all the choices are appropriate for George It's actually nowhere to both yeah But anyway, I just wanted to tell you there's a bunch of us out there That one of both against Bush and we want to once both against Bush not because of a rest Because of the economy yeah, I think when was right when he said it still be economy And it's the economy and it's gonna defeat a next year Let's across our legs and fingers man. I hope you're right All done Thanks vote early off a man because and then article from a few days ago. I never had a chance to talk about it about the whole this computerized voting thing and I'll easy this to fix Right and how many more? There's gonna be this year the last right so if we had problems last time you ain't seen nothing yet And with these because there's no there's no tangible evidence. There's no paper trail It's just it's just like in in the e-thrick it's just a number that comes out of a machine somewhere and and you and and once it's done Once you've touched the button and left How do you know what what it shows up? I have right you don't you know what huh? You don't It's crap, okay I say paper ball of a crayons for everybody. That's what to do it Just just a bunch of places to check and if you're really too stupid just make an X anything How come I used to be the thing they knew how to do an election? What once upon a time? Well, they thought they knew how to do it before the gray robbers decided that there were better ways to fix it right Fine by the way this next year we got some bad news for the right wingers there will be a few people black people Love the vote and they stayed afloatly will allow a few black folks to vote this time That'll be it which is a start Here's a call from Miami. Hello Yes, sir sounds like you Look at that. I transferred you to the handset from the hands free no problem this time. That was outstanding. Yeah Listen first off. Let me press this what I'm gonna say with George et cetera With in a perfect world. I could listen to Joe Rose in the morning right you and he afternoon the mad dog Tilt six and then for all of the evening so I have the choice of turning him on or off right too much baseball But anyway George I'm a 40 year old heterosexual male but Dude you get stale after like 10 minutes it's a thing over it. Oh I mean nothing against George. I'll listen to him on an off-foot right You know well what is it that he talks about it is that there's internet connection That he's having so many problems with the reason that the swing club or the anti-emal fixation Who's it though? You know I mean the the sex and all that is great You're quick First of all you're getting you're talking about talk about something different every day every segment of every day You're gonna Backed in a corner I do like do I didn't mean to but anyway I just want to just I'm one buddy who does like yeah, but that's cuz he you know He's been said to the smoke cloud all day and he loves the George talks about that Okay, okay Thanks pal. Okay, well that guy didn't like you too much, but no they can't all of you and In addition to which let me ask you this what's more interesting to hear people calling in who like you or people calling in a one-review An answer okay, no, okay, so I think as you I mean I'll make something up for a change. I may have pulled this out of my very anacet to clean ass See one thing about maybe cute. I don't I don't know anybody behind okay I just you know if I'm gonna be in a back-alien I'll start up against the wall just to make sure there's nobody behind me And I don't get stowed off my ass and fall asleep especially Especially wearing them a position where somebody can sit on my face to him sing Like I was all hidden I mean how many and we don't even know I mean, you know of course he's fantasizing Maybe there were a few women in the crowd, but no, I don't think so It was like a Daisy chain of guys. I would say All it's said on his face during that Grootette There was no there. I went around but they were in a crowd, but they weren't crowded. They weren't crowded to see the cue boy Okay, so it'll call up George right I know George route that all those guys up and gave a sleep in the middle of a room in the center Right the room in the couch in the middle pictures on our website by the way everybody needs to seem I will say this I want to go on record to sing and spread the fact that he is two marlins and sense of all of it is baseball Season now, but for all this guy in this next trend then you're gonna start seeing it. You again He's gonna have a number that's gonna be huge You'll see I'll see the only problem being that in the morning it'll be diluted in half in other words If he got a 10 and it'll be a six Which will still be where from a three and many on his last book, but you won't be able to divide it because in the monthly trends We can't go out by our we can't we can't do this stuff as when a full book comes out Those are your ratings experts in the audience But you'll see can I have a big number? Of course that'll help you during the summer It'll help us right and I still say that with all of our fingers George as in the past two summers when he's filled in He'll still have and midday will stop the highest number on the station as pipedition Is there any doubt about it? No, no, but you say VQ boy Absolutely no doubt You don't have to be defensive or depressed about the name Everybody if you're gonna have a nickname at least let's put a little bit of honest into what being a boy You're not Mexican. I mean being your age just it The only reason I did that is because it replaced ugly Chuck which George came up with I Which I thought was really grotesque and as usual Much more cost it than I am George, you know, he'd like to make me out to be the bad guy But George is the heart ass spit like I said You got a point everything like tell somebody In between it's just an alternative to because you do sound like being a boy But it was an alternative to ugly Chuck which I thought was even though you are extraordinarily ugly and take it for me because I know ugly I'm an expert. Well, we're gonna sleep on a couch with but with being a boy is a vassaline queen who they is sprouted out of the closet is there Come into the sunshine which for a Julio for a cubano no less a monicon a book at home I think I would have been appropriate there today But it wanted to come out and like write it right out in public on a highly weighted show to say I'm a fag I'm a vassaline queen. He's a very proud of that But I'm very cultural. We he you everybody keep saying that he was asleep on the couch There's a time I never said that I wasn't there. He was he appeared to be asleep on a couch past if you examine the question Outro yeah, yeah, oh, I was drunk, but actually I'll take that to go to sleep and you remember nothing We posed him like an action figure and he didn't wake up So so that I think there's almost saying it all long They're gonna be not 30 guys are gonna like 75 guys. They're taking their turns, huh? Maybe that's why there was that economy that gigantic family size jar at home So we'd like as a as a as a as a man if they all Vaseline queen I Oh my favorite Republican this is mad rod and it's time for the skills they are blowing it's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two hours Oh Oh My friend Think about this and All things Oh And Green so I live in all my face And I went to work I look like a jerk and I was fired in this frame It's They got nuts, and the red thing comes Rolled on the soft pinks It comes pink to our door All the soft pinks Tarn the pink to our door I saw him on the side of the top Oh, and the hook has all my arms I saw him in a bowl of sick-yating The shabby's got a little bit of a shabby It's a soft pink to our door All the soft pinks Tarn the pink to our door All the soft pinks All the stiff-pulls I saw him on the top of the top Oh, and the hook has all my arms All my friends, they got nuts Down and a bit of a... Oh, and the soft pinks All the stiff-pulls All the soft pinks They're very peculiar Are your kids tired of the same old action figures? Frankly, yeah Then spice up their holidays With Mattel's troubled celebrity action figures Still your kids hide this Christmas With Shabby living one on out She's more affordable than you think A Bobby's gonna go full soon You bet she is And there's more Forget GI Joe Now there's DOI-NIG With life-like Knit Knolty Droll Here, Bobby Oh, and now let me hear Uh-huh Now, Press is greasy head And he talks funny too Oh, anybody got a real beat Be sure to collect all of Mattel's troubled celebrity action figures Like with the Houston or Pierce Meak Christina Aguilera See if you can find all 12 of herself mutilation Well, she's in a perfectly flat This Christmas, Shabby is no trouble at all With the troubled celebrity action figures from Mattel Celebrity public relations, green teams, etc First it was a hit on MTV Then a number one movie Now it's coming to Broadway It's Jackass, the musical starring Johnny Osville Oh, Johnny, it's pretty good Johnny, it's so fun to punch you right there in the boots Yes, almost risky stunts have been combined with fabulous showtunes To create Jackass, the musical The music, the dancing, the guy he didn't know is so good It was better than cast 70 days ago I was matching the old pirates 76, I, it's free of the man Though this Jackass, the musical With all your favorite Jackass's on stage Singing torch songs, then sending their hair on fire with them I'm just free in local I'm pretty much so too late But great white way has just turned black and blue Thanks to Jackass, the musical All the Americans, don't forget to find out who will be The next un-American Idol Tonight on 10th of hard 5th anniversary of the celebration free space judge Who will be eliminated? Who will be Muhammad Muhammad or Muhammad And now We and the sneer We will destroy Dark Ray Satan When they've done un-American performer is judged on the spot by an un-American Idol judge Like Simon Will no home in high thought show performance was Repunished, repulsive, revoking, in other words Y'all have a list Un-American Idol We're 5-an-stage, next summer, a whole new meeting Oh, Simon, you're the one who will find your brother, my name is Samar Oh, I'm the son of a... Un-American Idol Where even the winners are losers Yes, you're the one who will find your brother Yes, you're the one who will find your brother Come aboard If you want to prove it And in my heart We'll be on the floor Promise, slow, this is... There's some on your shoes A fireboat Superbees, boyly, good change to fire The fireboats After we'll kill you, you'll get the runs And of course for some speed up It's been time when you're new friend round And of course, you'll feel good for your goals Because it's time to try That'll force like much You'll admire We'll be on the floor of the fire Tonight on Eve, it's a very special episode of... ...Scardance Starbake, Friday, 730 pm I'm entering the apartment conference And by blind date, I hope she's slender And beautiful and a version You know how I like to go boldly when no man is gone before Hello, honey My god, she's two, she's got her own gravitational tool Must have to go to the street Scally, be me up Quick, I can't eat you, it counts it Just stop that, pull up That's all tonight on an out-of-this world episode of...Scardance Coming up tonight on Inside, Behind the Two Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography profile story We take a good, hard, stiff look and a start-up She took the inspiration for her music from the way she built it out life And that's what gave us that happy go lucky styling's up at Benitarr Everyone, the best shot Why don't you hit it, you best shot Oh, my goodness Yes, one pasted draw from life, doesn't one Hit me with your best shot Was about this vicious, faster dive That it deserved to be frustrated That Benitarr was clearly on a mission It's a pretty light into our lives to the positive, upbeat sentiments in our songs Come on, my bad boy Shoot this one That's a fucking wrong business house Oh, yes, hard-breaker That was my way of giving a big f*** you, at all man Align the f*** bags Benitarr's four grimmies, the best rock female vocal It's in the indicate that America was also inspected with her briefly wondrous take on life Oh, isn't that a f***ing thing? Well, certainly love is a battlefield Honestly, I wonder why anyone bothers Is it really worth it just to have a little ride on the balloony pony? I f***ing well-think not Finally, I turned her a during gaze from male female relationships To the joyous life-affirming subject of childhood abuse Hey girls, how are you? How is the child again? Well, this guy's due-go-back to childhood, don't they? It's all a pile of useless life isn't it? Oh dear, yes Half-minute, Ar, she was the feel good artist of the 80s Not It's a big juicy, sobbing wet-look at show business tonight Uninsigned to behind Can I have to wonder five, 60w? How's that pull coming? Five hundred and six votes? Pretty heavy duty man There's no wish you'd watch you people about those Georgia out there They all feel really strongly Which of these terms best described George? He's okay, hundred and eight Okay, okay But Boring 68 Why be 56? Enter 1046 Closet Queen No relation to Vaseline Queen Closet Queen 28 Pot head 24 So, you know, if that were true though, I would mean we'd have three queens on a show Me? Divaseline Queen and the closet queen Little bit too much Pot head 24, brilliant 21 Brilliant 21 And I want to close over there, are you catching that? I don't believe it No, what all needed why? Frey O'Rourn on 19 Curfer and Somia 18 Suerro went a light tool Moving up fast Late starter 17 So, hitting Spick 16 And the dancing just changed on me again which I hated Maybe I'll curve 15 Anil 13 Our talking Hard ass spick That's the correct answer 13 Human Alphir 18 Sessionally fresh rated 11 Prover 10 Antisemitic and Semantic 6 An immature Four Ah, too bad But he's mature but occasionally boring Now when you get some noot to go and put talking about white leather nails ass Alright How's ambition doing by the way? I wonder if she and Sandy are still together It's 11 past one at five 60 WC If you're on the Atkins' Dad or either low carb that you don't have to be a good It is to find good stuff, good snacks In your supermarket that's why you're low shopping At the lights a West Booker because that's what it's all about It's the number one low carb store in the entire universe With over 900 low carb sugar reproduction stock The lights a West Booker continues pining them on Adding new ones every month just like right now Try the new low carb instant cup of soup All you do is head water and pop it in the old microwave It's a low carb meal in a cup in four delicious flavors Be sure and try the simply delicious new low carb muffins for quick breakfast Your own individual size cheesecake Low carb hot cocoa apple cider blind these brownies And of course the lights has an incredible selective low carb Pasta sauce is dressing chips chocolates And the world famous carbolite ice cream and out duties low carb peanut brittle Unbelievable great taste Carbon right-rated green chocolate middle shakes It's a low carb meal in a can the yet last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate min bars Thank the Lord this came along and has no mouth at all Which means it's delicious, but don't keep you on a pot all day Just tons of good stuff waiting for you at the lights And you can sample try them all before you buy them to Atkins the brand products are on sale all day every day 25% off two at the lights They're open daily 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of blaze in 441 We're next to Boston market column toll free at 1 877 low carb or shut them on the web at low carb.com Don't forget the lights of West Boca absolutely is your official atkins retail centers I'm not a This is course we all buy some You a yeah Yeah Yeah I have no idea what that was it was that the last spot Yeah, was let me ask it again VQ boy was that the last spot? Yes, it was thank you Dude that was fucking sweet I should get the name of that stuff. It's It's just completely slipping my mind. What is it called? Atrots. It's like a disease. It's like a disease or something that Atrots. Oh, I think of the name Atrots. What is it? It's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Ad prads. Oh, would you shut up just stupid duck and try to read my mail and press now available nationwide? We got that origin coming up. Oh boy. That's where we are getting off an item a great value This lives in me. Oh, yeah, they're all this way. Okay. Well, we got the auction these items off for a very very good good good cause reach for the sky What's that mean? It really stupid if they don't give up the guilt we take it anyway See oh, like reach for the sky. You're money or your way What's about a mo? I'm thinking that just in your phone a joke. And I got a joke for you. Now that's funny Now, where we got fortune of this dive? I'm not all can off your pee bear. Say that's not a bad idea. I need to know when anyway But once let me cover minions and paradise about the luxurious of a great hotel and it's magnificent spa that's where my close face in a man friend Jay Pillar and I go quite often He thought like do men in a spa line there naked with just a doll Steamy moisture area. Oh, hey, boys Jay's soft hand. Get me caressing my bunks. Don't grasp it. I'm drawing those in You get very dangerous. Wait, mommy. Stop it. Do you want pervigilers? How dare you went to a rough bus stop? Oh, did you ask where? I'm just a person man. With your historic history. You want to see the film But get in my pants and we. The rock is just like fucks in his pants. I'm not trying to get a brand new bag. I'm not going to get a brand new bag. I'm not going to get a brand new bag. I'm going to get a brand new bag. It makes me feel good. Like at all the gaka should. It feels nice. Like when I dump it, I waxed my eyes. This old wood here is same. So I've got to get a brand new bag. It's a plastic bag. It's pink. That's not for me. Tired of watching news with a bias and watch the news channel that keeps insisting It's fair and balanced even though anyone with an IQ over four can see it's not. It's boss news with a powerful prime timeline of so powerful that we're going to keep repeating the word Powerful is much as possible. First it's the O'Reilly factor. Oh no, no. I'm not letting you get away with that. It's more debatable than eight on Fox News. Kennedy and Goam discuss the issues of the day at the top of their lungs. The Hillary Clinton issue of crazed twisted liberal or just a vicious can I be. The news presents the edge with polo's arm. We don't know why she has a show but she's your load skill. Tonight on the edge will examine why George W. Bush is the greatest president in the history of the universe and will hear from both sides conservative Republicans and liberal Republicans. Fox News, that's how it is always fair, accurate and balanced towards our point of view. On Fox News, watch news. We distort. You decide. I was on with the while I went down to the grocery store. But I couldn't understand. What pride I've been told. When I got back home to the great day by full of cholesterol. And I really realized that it's not that good. It's not that good at all. I love to meet like substance that is in your can. Once I got past the jelly stuff, I bought it even to test it a trace of ham. When I open the can, it's lit up and hit the counter. That's it. Damn. But I got a question for you. How come your can of shape like a square? You can't use a regular can opener. You got to use the key to join the day. And if the key ain't there, why am I going to do it? I tried stepping on it and kicking it. Hell, I even shot a five pound with my 22. Anyways, I hope you write me back. I think that would be swell. Because I'm the biggest fan of y'all over at home now. I got a cramp on one green wine. I guess it was the least. I didn't know until I ate it. The air-contained big speed. I showed up for the content inside. Now my skin makings too cold. And I really realized I don't feel so good. I don't feel so good at all. The indister. I'm too good at lunch and meat to write back to my friends. What's up with Jeff? I once wrote the Oscar Maya and he called me right back. He's because I got a good look at the ingredients of the label. Now I know why I was on sale and store tried to unload him. Because it's made out of snouts, lifts and picks grow them. And watch with all that nasty jelly anyway. I watched my hands 15 times. This is still ain't going away. The child don't care. If y'all don't care, I got 12 more cans up in the fridge. I'm so depressed I'm about to drive off his fridge. Bang. Be a Academy Award. The star. The glitz. But, Leather. But this year, there's one big missing. Billy Crystal. Just because he's not there's always doesn't mean you can't enjoy his tray. But Oscar's own charity. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to the Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD. You might have to see that beautiful mind. That cross of cross are really small. Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD. The self appointed elder statesman of contemporary American comedy is back with this collection of hastily composed tunes about all your favorite Oscar condemned. Hey, why am I? This is his basic speech tonight. Everyone, we've ever directed it. Every star is regaled and sung by the incomparable and intolerable Billy Crystal. And RZ. That's what Sean benefits to me. One listen to the Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD. And you'll scream. What the? This lord of the ring is really shy and stuprooted isn't that. The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD. Because Oscar nominated stars. All right, horrible enough. We have our party. This fucking few of us are too old. We're really gonna call me Ryan Wins of Colorado. We've got a big car and a man of sexy on the day. And really silly what's they doing is making the day. And then when I wanted, and what's what's going on? And for me couldn't keep my trousers making this plan. We're really gonna call the front desk. And I'm gonna go for food. She said it's not my job. And it won't be rude. She's not telling the story that much to us to try. It was a bad people's effort. Not the vulgar and price. She said she didn't want it. But he claimed it was real man. And so he couldn't keep his life happy in his plans. Don't lie. All the hard burn. Don't throw me on the air, breathe. I'm a sea. Don't throw me on the air, breathe. Three cars in him with their clothes up the floor. I'm a sea beast. These President's clothes. They probably had muscle days. They didn't take the city. I don't know why. They wanted one to stop. But the need to sit. First one to stand for you. Would President them? I'll see what that f***ing is. I'm a woman. All I can do is go for one's food. And get to we go for it. All the hard. Here you are, this. Don't throw me on the air, breathe. I'm a sea beast. I'm a sea beast. I'm a sea beast. And this drug gets rich here. Don't throw me on the phone. I'm a sea beast. Don't throw me on the phone. Please, President, don't. You don't care what it is. You got to be in my heart for a call. I'll put this to the right. I'll put this to the left. If you win, die for help, don't fear. We've got a great leader. With President. The President. The TV device will click in 1656. If you want to see the best in horse race, I'm a casting. Here's the place. Paolo Park. Paolo Park is open seven days and nights a week featuring the best in Harnister bread and high-lifaction from all across the Merke, feed or watch and plunge your lungs on. And general parking and admission always free. And Friday and Saturday, it's the fourth or fourth players. Long jump and featuring a special full course dinner package for just 95. Check out their package. Enjoy plenty of preceding hundreds of TV's to be your favorite track from Or you can get you a private box seat with your own TV monitor for just 2.5 bucks. And it's all done in the scope for your environment too. Come out. They got a big weekend this weekend for you to plunge on the biggest day of harness racing in the world. At the metal lands on Saturday with a million dollar Hamiltonian Trot Plus, the $500,000 Hamiltonian Oaks, the $500,000 that rate Trot the $350,000 missile for Shaley Pace, and the $300,000 hour-winder homes pace. It's going to be unreal. So get over there and enjoy yourself plunge on tracks from all over North America at Papadopark, a block set of Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line Road. For the release time of casting race schedule, call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000. We can also find it on the web at Papadopark.com. Papadopark, horse power, you can plunge your lungs on. For the East Side and local and the REST horse video 5-62 in UAE. Let's cross the corner, Beef and REST B Don't need no jamboo I need money Shenei Kick the sh- I'll eat more To the guy who's messing with my ass I drag your head down like a neck Or run my head Break a leg out If me I would give me the tune Will the eye kick the sh- I'll eat more So depressed, this is crazed I need a mouth Like a cat Shows down my eyes And now can you love the june- This is the jitter I'll eat more Okay, for a minute What's with this guy who was blown He's throwing yourni back Like a mouth Get the jitter People even have his dumb eyes And all his life's still See this mustard where some of you You keep me white Let me hide Kick the sh- You keep me white I'll eat the sh- I'll eat the sh- I'll eat the sh- I'll eat the sh- I'll eat the sh- I'll eat the sh- That's all you got to let me know. Should you think or should it for me? If I kept from blind to time, I need to know what took a time. So if thought to let me know, could it think or should it for me? They always think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think about what you think. They're from the next attack. There was your want me for your back. Well, you got to let me know. Should it think or should it for me? Should it think or should it for me? Should it think or should it for me? Should it think or should it for me? Or should it think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think about what you think. So come on, let me know. This is it, this is it, this is it, this is it. What's it? Oh, that's right. The truth will set me free. I just do selfish, that's the right. Exactly, which way should it be? It's not bad. So this kind of thing upset me. Who's on favor? It's not bad. So you just got to let me know. The light of all we are wants to know. Should it think or should it for me? Should it think or should it for me? Should it think or should it for me? Should it think or should it for me? Should it think or should it for me? Should it think or should it for me? Should it think or should it for me? Should there be any that had ever been an awful criminal Openages? Won't it be that will be an awful criminal? Should it think or should it for me? Should it angered or could it be a Een bank's report? So don't you understand Him forever? No. Only can destroy myself! Can I classify Get Sing ? If it's for a little bit bigger, you'll just not let me know. You'd think or shoot it though. Oh, my baby, tonight, we could do something naughty, and you can rest about it. We have a long baby blue moon. It'll be a delight. And I don't care how much you wait. You can relax and sail day, because I'm a joy for you. Just like a diver, under the ocean. So, I'm gonna find it hard to get some air. Oh, but it's a bag of adventure. Just imagine, you don't sell that much and you've got to check. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face to face. Just sit on my face to face. Just sit on my face to face. Wrap your legs or real tight. Like you're riding in the road, you. So I can't kill the radio, and I'll show my gratitude. We can do it all night. And maybe you can turn around, and you could work your way around. And if my flyway down to whatever you choose, Just like a diver, under the ocean. So, I'm gonna find it hard to get some air. Oh, but it's a bag of adventure. Just like a diver, under the ocean. Just imagine, you don't sell that much and you've got to check. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face to face. Just sit on my face to face. Just sit on my face to face. Yeah, come on, hold the hell, and don't be shy. Wrap your legs or real tight. Even if I have to go, but I'm gonna stick with the radio. Don't stick with the radio until you're home. And they steal. Spare them back. Ding dong. Yeah! Stop that face, they're like the getting you. Or the cheese that goes up our clothes. If we're late, just where they could go. Or they're out to take the mud down until you're home. Spare them back. Ding dong. There you go. There you go. There you go. Give it a way out. Of course, it can jump up here. You got that thing in your mouth. You don't know what to do. But it could be. But it's right who told you to me. Yeah! I think it's funny if you know why. The time of check and it's got me die. But the arm can't get in up the bathroom. Okay! That's why they made me go. You must swear little by. I'm who crazy is a spare. And he is dead. Some drugs to make it. I slivered over alarm, same thing. And our guys to say this. When it comes to kissing, broding. I'm rarely ever, they go. But there is one thing I will never do. I will not switch to them. No, we won't. No, we won't. No, we won't. We never will. You never switched to hell. I'll tickle teeth and squeeze the teeth. I'll somewhat warm them up. I'll clap me much on candy crunch. And all else that you're selling. I'll suck in nibble, caramel, caramel, Happy, jangy trickles. But I'll never, ever, never, never, ever. Spook that thing. No, we won't. No, we won't. No, we won't. We never will. We never switched to heckles. I'll finger quaint and lick the blood. So, it's sweaty and so flizzes. I don't bow everything with fruits and apples. Veggie's bed. I'm smaller than as though soup makes a big soup. They're bigger than sickles. And even though I love these things, I will not switch to heckles. No, we won't. No, we won't. No, we won't. We never will. We'll never. Spook that thing. No, we won't. No, we won't. No, we won't. No, we won't. No, we won't. No, we won't. We never will. We'll never. Spook that thing. That was the reachant's sake. I said, if you were him on the end of it. And then it just like that. That's a humble removal. That's. I don't believe it right after the white everybody out. Just mine. That's it. I'm not like the guy in the guy who goes in prison on other people's rats. It's not not business. What you do is have to you. Why some folks can't resist the R.B. I thought this country was free as far as what anybody else. Like to do. I like the smoke. Tell me relax. And I'm aware of the cancer in the heart of the darts in the meantime. I'll be as I can get. But since you do all they're getting mean piss. Can I like their strangle as son of a bitch that tells me not the smoke must agree. Both smoke, that's a direct. Both smoke, that don't care if I smoke. I sell to death. I don't give a crap what you say. Now get the hell out of my way. I'm gonna stop going. I'm gonna have a cigarette. Now and you can't smoke in most restaurants. Forza Reben's are even bars. It's the most fascist in the gym now. I've seen him. I don't need any judgment passed on me by some thing. The movie is as. He doesn't because I'm smoke in this cigarette. Both smoke, that's a direct. Both smoke, that don't care if I smoke myself today. I just wanna have a little fun till get door hands out of five lungs. It's gonna stop coming. I'm gonna have a little cigarette. The one's just green the most it seems about how dangerous cigarette is. The risk of fear is smoking. The G.I.I. is so capable of. So if you want any more and like smoking all fast, let me bet right over it. You can just buy it. You can just buy it. It's gonna stop coming. Let's cigarette. Spades. Both smoke, that's a direct. Both smoke, that don't care if I smoke myself today. I'll get up. Fill out of my way or else I'll blow, mochi, go things. Girls, I'm gonna have a little cigarette. Boo, don't go, boo, boo. Boo, don't go, boo. You're a stereotype smoker. I know in the street There's not a fair, there's not a fair, there's not a fair It's new at your smokey We all know no yoga Go neck and back, copy with the boy Dancing in your bus to ride We're on to that checkerset You hand to wet your hair sling You smoke, fake shit It's new at your smokey You're a healthy yoga Pressing in your foot Pick you up at hand Go neck and back, dance in your city Fighting that, gotta quit Not your tango in the street Here, start it Baby, baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby Baby, baby You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke and fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit You smoke, fake shit The bullets, the bullets, the bullets The bullets, the bullets Oh Oh Now I'm sure you've been hearing about lamina sirrashing how lamina it would flooring from lamina sirrashings is the easy The smart the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring lamina sirrashings the best place to find lamina needed wood flooring from perid or perigo Wilson art unifluoring quick step That all the top veins all installed by pergrus certified installers Here's another really good reason why I ought to be calling lamina sirrashing their prices will floore you right now You can get their summer special for just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks. That's correct Just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks for up to three hundred and eighty square feet of beautiful Amina wood flooring it is positively unbelievable Elaminants are us will make any legitimate written offer to for a free and home estimate call lamina sirrashing toll free One eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six. What could be easy? They give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving in a twenty five year warranty and years and years of Beautiful easy care lenit wood flooring Call them today and tell them it will be uploaded to call lamina sirrashing toll free One eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six My There once was a man named Bill who lived on capital He gave me a dress And made it a mess and I kept it under my bed in my house Now that's no good Okay, let's say all right Roses are red the white houses white I signed in the lab book one night No That's not good Hmm It's a great job the president showed me his No No I Was the night before Christmas and all through the house Bill got naked except for my glass My parents were now sold well snug in their bed But I was giving the president No I Singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad I got my smoke on love my chicken for my dad I got a body like a driving range mad When it's cold outside use my nits to hang your hat Like you know in your ear give you a laugh dance But you won't notice me so I get some implants I need a guy who ain't got issues like filling up a chest and find in tissues I Same Same I'm not Me I've got a nice And I like I can't get a man because I got no T No Is something I can't afford When you lay on me you'll swear you're an a diving board Will I turn the love in? I started to get used Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boots Yes, I'm too This I am pretty I'm no one who needs your pity I've got a nice ass and burlags Tick-tick but I can't get a man because I've got no Tandy I've got no Tandy I've got no Tandy I've got no Tandy No Tandy If you're feeling up I just There's no one that's up Kita I'm the an-it The brush comes on me and wins You hear them every day That's the Memphis Tommy D.D. on and I'm finished If they're not seen in my end Well then I'll be the one Of the world where the liberal P.D.D. Oh, you're the only way To the liberal P.D.D. Oh, what they always make For best inches, for reason There's only fascist on the end Since for a giant For a formation Has a merge That wants you to stay feeling There's balance and there's pain That a difference Why does you want me hurt It's a touch of friendship Oh, I know Tommy, minus three Up through the liberal P.D.D. You'll be the way Oh, I'm the John of the Way You're the great You're the great You're the football football You're the football You're the football Kita because they eat their lime abeans Yeah Their green beans Yeah The pork abeans Why don't disappear from the place So fast you'll swear they're eating themselves New lesbines For David's a bitch This gentleman All I want to have For you to be This gentleman Ever since his spoken Seizing him please And everything That I see Just make me laugh I have To this be the stuff I'm hoping And this is the path I dream Plastic I'm all the way to talk I'm just now We're all the way to talk I'm all the way to talk I'm all the way to talk I'm all the way to talk I'm all the way to talk I'm all the way to talk I'm all the way to talk I'm all the way to talk I'm a pretty good five sixty WCW come here's a fast from Ray Perry Who asked? I did you send this to me or did he do it No he came in here and handed it to me and I texted along to you and I told him But nevertheless we want to hear it from your mouth He wants to hear it from your mouth Yes Ray Perry asked Do you want to football tickets to go to Carlos? Well see until I realized that he was gay No what difference should that make Did I say made a difference? Okay, he ought to enjoy the game all the more I think he ought to enjoy a bunch of guys out there and tight pants Grab at each other around a waist and in the Karanakrach We're all in a run in the mud I really enjoy when a Patriots come to tie go see Tom Brady See what a real man looks like I'm sure I want and I will give the tickets to Carlos under one condition Okay, and that is this under absolutely no circumstances Are you allowed to give the bills or any other tickets to fat boy? You got it? He's already coming here begging Did you hear what I just said? I get hurt Are you going to be giving those tickets to fat boy? Nope No No say them fathically like you really mean it I like some kind of a How is your own? No, no it was a mud tickets because of him Okay And that's it You got the tickets I mean what you do with the redwood redwood Don't give any tickets to fat boy under any circumstances So he's annoying he's obnoxious he's pathetic He's a grotesque he's overbearing he will not go away The answer is no Hi, I'm Pauli The answer is by a pali Bye bye Fife on of this story I would guess I better take another one or two these calls But I want to give the story that I hadn't heard anything about this story I was a boy See yesterday here I hate to break the news But all those coverage That's all they ever was talking about was the name Stone's thing last visit But there was a whole lot of media at the event Including local, national and international And there's still Bappa Because it was a great event But to story about the hoax in the case of Long-missing Indiana girl in the Yeah, oh, I'm embarrassing And then of course CNN gets into which stands for certainly not news People at CNN, they try to save their ass here last night They actually sent somebody here which we appreciate that everybody in Toronto The fact they give us worldwide coverage A lot of great event was now well it was staged now wonderful The city isn't set up and so on But this on the heels they even admitted That's since they were at the forefront of hectic all of that Sars crap including a lot of cases were supposedly It was exported which we know was not Remember those bogus cases and Texas It depends somebody sneezed and Texas Oh, they got sars they were at their airport in Toronto for ten minutes Crap, you know, and so they try to redeem themselves But to make a long story sure I didn't see the story about this so hoax which we'll get into And you'll explain it because you're brilliant Here's Fort Laterdale hello Fort Laterdale Long-grown 90 Beach hello 90 Beach, yes sir Good morning and back to you Are you going to ask them by any chance Yes Because they have the their axe for adults on the I think on the canal Yeah, this is probably can answer which I had no idea that it was when I made the reservations Because you ordinarily avoid those things like the plague But at least there should be some people at this time No, there's going to be a lot of people I was just reading in the Dutch newspaper Excellent Anyway, I can you do a poll on the week The days when you're on and when Uncle George is on Because I really like to see I'm not tuning in anymore to this guy He's a great guy but he's trying to run a show with no subject And he just can't do it He's much better when he finally has a subject So people can call him for something