Thanks for good news. Okay. So here we go. We actually had a couple of pants and people today because we don't think that hockey sucks on issue We think hockey's the greatest sport in the world, which we know beyond a shadow of a duck And it's not against a lot of talk about hockey on a show and Go leaves go and tomorrow night auto was centered is very exciting the best team and lead by the way No excuses, okay. I realize we don't have a lot of front running phony's down here like the redmings do With auto wedgers done because they choking a playoff server But they still got a great exciting team with Mary and host job and Daniel Alfritzon and the lovely Marty have left And Patrick Lallim Huh? What are you looking at me love over the eye? Huh? You don't know you're out of your senators there, Mr. you better get with it You better get with it. You better start becoming a hockey expert then we can put you on a morning show Which sets you up a little but get them above that two seven number. Oh, that's oh Man, I mean, I realize the whole station got hoes in December, but even so you see what I'm saying everything is That I've mentioned the the first team their numbers by comparison. Are you starting in again? Tell you what I tell you mo Right there he's see right and he's gonna have to go back to square one again and try to get your ass party again Well, that's a meaning because you were the plan started to make up all those stories about his bad hair pieces and his verticals They even though they turned out to be true I don't know about the lime green pants in the checkered pants in the checkered shorts and These special Christmas party Wig that you were talking about a great life the checkered past the purple musk rat and for the purple musk rat lounge Well, whatever. I don't know you're the one that started on that crap got him all bent out of shape Now what was that a numbers did the first that first team had much better out of camera call any book I looked through the rating books there and I don't see any book where they had like a two seven And man, I mean keep in mind this was the fall book to dolphin book And vines that think I heard you say this. Yeah, we were talking about that right They had the worst I could find and it was a 3.9 that's the worst I could find which is last fall The year ago fall Okay, which is when I got all panicky here and decided I blow up the whole place. There's Greg again for you know What do I do now? Oh, you know scratch the hole in your head see if you can make some more here fall out You know how much is here as far out another week he'll be just like Boca Brian He'll walk in that do you say oh hi, Boca. It'll be Greg Reed To be careful what you say to them because he's not too crazy about you either. Okay. How to pull come out I still think that that's obnoxious even though George is very weak on here The fact that those numbers are not too bad, you know still kicks everybody else is asked here in the summer 651 votes other Neil and George which Q and personality listen to most Jim madness the mad dog 152 I still want to listen to Neil show David 169 26 percent hang Goldberg 101 or land of 36 July, March 28 Warren Kromarty the crow 26 Moja are David at 20 20 20 votes Abcap lan eight Joe rose five Kimball camper three and definitely in these penis talk show It's premieres this Sunday for six hours six to midnight three