It's the holidays we're all taking off. We're getting a hell out of here. That's it. Alright, let's just leave. There was something very, very important. Okay. Turn your radio is a very, very loud. Put your ear right by the speaker. Alright, guy. BOOM! Come on, man. To a big ugly concrete building near you. Stoluchnoia presents short-roath. Very cautious, it's the, let's get drunk and puke towards. I think it's a low. Yeah, when you know that it is. We've till you see the clean up costs for this one though. Also wagging it on the road. Alright, see my babysins and not the whole lives. I'm gonna get a drink, man. I'm gonna get gas. I'm gonna get high, man. I ain't had enough. Leave me a triple shot of that stuff. I'm gonna get drunk, on so it's the right hand. I want a third of one. Just got to one. One, two, one. One, two, one. One, two, one. One, two. Special by Johnny Walker. Johnny Walker Black. And Johnny, two drunk to stand with low-worn. Trotside tickets available now. George, throw them away. Cause if you know it's not fake in. I'm gonna leave. The bed spins around down to begin. George, throw them away. Toss it up in your town. The shit! Peno 2 of 560 WCM happy Tuesday. Happy turkey today. Like I said, it's a holiday. Let's just kind of like screw up this week. What's the best? We're gonna coach to play a lot of bits. Yeah, there's nobody in town anyway, so people just are, you know, can't get out. People down on their luck. What are you talking about? You guys. 1264 votes on a poll from yesterday. Which of these well-known blacks? What's what's of these well-known dark folks? Is the biggest impediment to race relations you think? Louis Ferrican wins hands down your pants baby. 553. They're eight nobody close to Louis. Is that how you spell that name? Cause I never knew. No, actually it's KHAN. But we got to write letters in your son nitpick. Okay, it's pretty close. 553. Close enough for us white folks. Jesse Jackson 309. El Sharton 133. And I've never heard anybody says even though I can't stand him. He's still like this but knows debates, you know? That would have. Don't know. He is. He's a great speaker. He's articulate. He knows what he's talking about. He's just an asshole, but right? I'll tell you. If he was a little less asshole, I might like, uh, back him. OJ Simpson 78. The on Sanders. Neon D on had only 63. That was another bad piece of spelling. I don't know how he spells his name. I think it's DEI-O-N. I believe. I don't know. But no matter how you spell it, he's still a Javascript. 63 for D on D on. What? Oh no. No, he is. He just, you call it, see your laugh. But you're not a football person. See, don't watch the appringenture that they have on CBS. Then I fell today on Sunday. No, but I saw him. You said you were so high. How can they let him go on there and then do that Javas act? If anybody else did that, they'd say, man, that's racist. That crap, you know? And it is. Johnny's cockman 35 who's making around the course with Larry King. You know, Larry. I guess he's Madonna. Yeah, okay. Michael Jackson, 33. But we got Michael Jackson's stories up the edge today. I'll turn to that. Out of $1,200, almost $1,300. So I was yesterday's pool. We got two polls today. The first one probably won't get a lot of response, but I'm just kind of curious. I think I should do this story first before anything else. So that we want to keep it light, don't we? Especially light of the fact, oh, it is the guy you were talking about is online right now. Here's Miami, hello. How was Al Shoppin' half? See that's him. That's him. The Pito file. Right. That's the guy. Oh, he's going to be very upset when he hears about Jonathan Brandis was hung. And he missed out. But we'll get to that later on. Go. We actually have yesterday George was out sick and I invited the audience to call in the Rippewon Asked to be very excited here that there was only one guy done it. Oh, that was the one that hits you like poison. Nobody else rick you an ass. We even like an armpit or anything else. I must be slipping. You must be slipping or maybe they're like finally catching on you. But I doubt that. But we have a couple of people who called yesterday and I noticed now I've put it this before to show this a new phenomenon. And it's a very ugly one to an aca and a half on an issue. We have a new core of chronic now who want to turn this show into like light bulb Junior for light bulb senior I guess. And like a ghost of demographic up about 30 years ain't going to happen. I'm turning now. Turn it into like heavy heavy. I mean it's one thing for me to sit here and I talk about some of the stuff that's going on in the world. The heavy duty stuff we got on our website if you want to have if you like IQ larger than your thumbnail. Go on there and read it or have somebody read it to you. But if you think we're going to turn this show into like gloom and doom life and death. Forget about that and it going to happen. We're not going to change anything anyway. I don't know if you knew chronic man like the governor and elf Franken book. I like the Bernie elf Franken book right in that guy's ass makes a great coaster. I don't know if she's like to take the whole thing and just shove it up his ass and then set it on fire. Just turn him into a like a human firecracker. Kill this that lion remember that I'll show you do that off the offer awful awful awful day when I'd check about Sean Hannity. I wouldn't wish that on on mo. I didn't wish that a lot. Wouldn't wish it on his sorry old pathetic ass. Read no more as fun as dead that's in bad news you know where in spawn no great left hander from the Milwaukee Braves. 21 scenes one period in 63 games he died in his home of broken arrow Oklahoma he was 82. What are the real greats of all time more in spawn he's dead. I just are passing on a you don't give a crap he passed. He passed gas. Death of Jonathan Brand is ruled a suicide before we get to this book is stir which will take the first pull on. But death of 27 and I will before I get to this I will admit. I did watch your lary king last night the entire show which I can't stand lary king as you know he makes me nauseous. But. And I know I'm one of the few people who'll be honest about this because you all lie through your teeth. It's just not it's not acceptable to do it. Don't be frist it off. But the fact that it matter is the Michael Jackson stuff you just you just can't turn it off. I mean I'm not like surging for it but when your channel surfing and there's the panel we got the panel you know and there's. What's your name again anti grace. Okay and who else was on the panel some people I don't know who they were and then some fruit cake or right for some celebrity magazine some real screaming queen. And they're all going to Michael the end of Johnny cocking was on there too and you just can't turn it off. It's like the old thing all over again only magnified times 10. You did what I can I can turn it off. I didn't I can't you out your full of crap. The death of twenty seventy ruled actor Jonathan Brandis who starred in two seasons of Steven Spielberg's sequestee as V was a suicide. The county coroner's office in L.A. yesterday Brandis who died November 12th hung himself the coroner said he was hung. Brandis now why you happy about that just because he was a little fruity looking. No not not because of that suicide people make me ill. Oh Brandis started his career commercials and on TV landing a recurring role on the soap one life to live at eight six they got him off the soap because he kept dropping it. He also made just appearances on L.A. law who's the boss and murders she wrote his film credits include role starring role 1991's the never ending story. Uh the next chapter the Rodney danger field comedy lady bugs in the martial arts comedy side kicks with Chuck Norris. I always think of Jonathan Brandis. Don't you? Yeah kind of guy Jonathan Brandis is dead. He was hung. So suicide. I think about the guy. I'm a pedophile. Letters that you've been reading. I for the call. From that guy that called our first call line nine. I've got to that to my right now. Now here's this story. We're going to take a pull on it. Even though there are some people out there don't know the story. A book a man pleaded innocent yesterday to charges that he fatally shot a teenager who was playing a midnight prank. It is home. Jay Stephen 11 or Zilvin. Well whatever a 40 year old accountant appeared in court with celebrity attorney Roy Black. This known for successfully defending William Kennedy Smith on a rate charge in Palm Beach County and as an NBC commentator. Levin who's under house arrest to charge with manslaughter with a firearm in the death of 16 year old Mark Drew's. He could be sentenced to probation or up to 30 years in prison of convicted. This was a horrible tragedy for the young man involved and for Jay Black sat set outside of court minutes after the briefing. Drew's in a friend were knocking on neighbors doors and running away around midnight October 24th when Levin said he missed took these six foot two teen for a burglar. And thought he saw something in Drew's hand. According to Sheriff's reports, Levin answered the knock on his door arm where the handgun and shot the teen in the back. He then called nine eleven and told a dispatcher he had just sought an intruder. Black said Levin sigh in menacing figure who appeared to have a gun himself. This is not a situation where he deliberately intended to kill some unblack city with defending his home to the insouth Florida. We're all while aware of the home invasions burglaries and robberies. Drew's parents had urged neighbors in their middle-class community to press state attorney Barry Kershire Krisher to charge Levin with second-to-read murder for killing or some, especially since the teen was shot in the back and I tend very very enthusiastically to agree with him. Yes, Drew's ran from Levin's home a class of 100 feet away to fight another home in the neighborhood. He died at a hospital hours later from a single gunshot. Whoa. See if somebody's breaking into your house actually, that's a whole different ball of wax. Right. If somebody actually represents a threat to you, your family or whatever your little dog, then I all mean you have a right. But the idea that well, the authority might have been dangerous and you're all psychotic because you had a couple of these episodes before. Therefore somehow that excuse is shooting somebody in the back. Oh, no. You know, some joves witnesses came to the house a week ago. Well, that and I'll see if I do put an asterisk though, and in that case I do make an asterisk. They did have something dangerous in their hand. A bunny? Any peddlers of religious bull crap, you're entitled to give you an exemption right now if they come to your home again, a blast away. So they can meet their makers now, would they want anyway? Sure. They want to meet their Marvin Maker. Just pull a number one. He's still driving him on a cello, I think, Marvin Maker. What's your take on jail of any bokeh man who's shot and killed a teenager who was a prankster? He's charged with manslaughter. Here's the for choices on the pool. He should get the maximum sentence, which of course is. Stop turning man. He should have gotten a murder charge. Well, we should we should change that, shouldn't we? Well, we've got her not because there's already got her. I already voted for that. Oh, he will be second a remorter, but that's the same thing. Whatever. He had a right to defend his home, let him go, or I haven't heard about this story. Because obviously there are going to be some people. This is an exact same level of like Michael Jackson, right? Right, or that one arm cure a surfer girl. Or like Princess Charlie, who's you know, a buggering idiot. What a surprise. A buttonhole in idiot. Well, you know, then morals. When you start wearing the kills, it starts, you know, and then the wind keeps blowing a kill something in your strange happened. Let's do that blue blood. Braccomme. Hey, Ray, look at that. There's 21 votes on there already. I can't believe that. He should have gotten a murder charge. He had a right to defend his home. Let him go six. No. I haven't heard this story for, and he should get the maximum sentence three, which is about 30 minutes. He could get probation. Reft 30 isn't prison. I'll depending on how this flies. My prediction is he's going to get the off of the slap on a wrist. Right. Because he's got Roy Black. Obviously, he's got some money. He got a hot shot attorney. And that's what an all-boys down to. He got a hot shot attorney like walk away. He'll get a suspended sentence. You know, the dream team all the sudden. So this is a caught a crap. The dream team. Stop and think about how stupid that is here. Oh, OG's got the dream team. It kind of reminds me like of Neon TN on the prime time tour. Let's just see if the similarity there. Everything is some stupid ass cliches. Some reversity to the level of the most incredible veinality, humanly possible. But nevertheless, 12 minutes past 10 at 5, 60, WQM. Happy holidays, too. We're just goofing around this week. Can you see how an artist? Are we? Maybe he already beat me. Right. That's all we're doing. We're just goofing around. Have it a good time. Hey, if you're not having too good of a time because you're Harrisfall and out, you've got a big early ball spot. Here's the answer for it. And you know, by now, everybody out there is trying to pedal you some kind of a hairdo. Everybody in your brother is in a hair business. They got, in fact, I think what they do is they like collect muss grass and they pedal them to the public like them on it. Somebody we know bought. Absolutely. But if you want to look better than that, if you want to look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again, there's only one guy got to be talking to and that's our good close personal pizon Charles Alfieri. He's been doing it for a coup nzege for over 25 years working with a famous not so famous and everybody in between because number one is system not only is affordable but looks great. So even if they have millions and billions, you can't get a better look and head ahead of here than Charles Alfieri's natural hairline system. And you have nothing to lose but your shiny ball spot because here's the deal. Everybody gets Charlie's famous 30 to 80 year old. How many days? If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells after 30 days, if you're not getting more action then you can handle Charlie will give you a full refund. No questions asked. And when you mention the arages when you make the call, you'll get an extra two in a box off the already reasonable price. So pick up that telephone and call toll free 1 800 321 2413. If you really want to look great again, forget about all the other guys with their silly pony pills and it holds in ahead and the muss grass forget about that. 1 800 321 2413 or check under that website. It tells Alfieri.com. My and local here sports video 566 2 a.m. 2 q a. Go fuck yourself. I guess is Madonna. Yeah. You're a singer or an actress. You're a mother. Yeah. But emphasis is first children. No, it's my priority is asked. That's very important. Very important. Yeah. And it's a very important thing. It would be good. You've always been good at that right. Totally. People like to see you go down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Back with more. Don't go away. And bring a handkerchief and the tissue or two. Okay. It's a facial rape of medicare is over now. Medicare overhaul clears the Senate by 54 to 44 vote. And check said it about that. So we're going to be privatizing it. We're going to be like given the seniors these discount cards. They can apply for next year, which means they can get up to 20 up to 25% off to retail price and prescription drugs, which are already like triple what they ought to be. So we multiply times three and you take 25% off. You got a real bargain, right? No. No. Just unbelievable. Wait. And let's see. Does it say in this article from CNN, who penned over. Let's see. Does it have Senator Ornn snatch? There's a real children who would file for you right there. No, this doesn't list the Democrats are rolled over it. Senator Diane Feinstein said she voted for it not because it's perfect, but because of the legal bring needed help to my state. What? And any right, it's bad news is what it is. Bad bad news. But there it goes. They jam it down the throats again in pedal a bunch of crap in the ARP. Those people are really. They ought to be put to sleep. The ARP. They'll be gone. So, instead they're constituents right in the back. But that's why it goes in America. Maybe everybody rolls over and plays the Glenn Campbell face. Glenn Campbell faces DUI and assault charges. Not Glenn Campbell. Get a little all American Glenn Campbell. Yeah. I've never heard of Glenn. And last 20 years, anybody heard of Glenn Campbell doing anything? No. I mean, we know who Glenn Campbell is though. Sure. Cutressing or Glenn Campbell spends several hours in a Miracopa County jail cell Monday on drug and driving. Hitting run assault charges after a series of incidents. Police say, start with the minor car wreck near his home and penis Arizona. Campbell finally went home after magis rates had a $2,000. Bonderally Tuesday, meaning today, in order him to submit to alcohol and drug monitoring until his next court appearance. Get a little bit of a booze problem. Police say Campbell's mood swung from combat of to congenial and back to combat of into including a kicking assault on the surgeon and a short jail house concert. Well, wasn't that nice? That wasn't quite of him. It began around 5pm. Local time on a silver BMW crashed into a white toy to a camera while making a turn at a penis intersection according to penis police sergeant Randy Force. No one was hurt in the two car collision. A witness followed the BMW when a kept going finally turning into a built more state's neighborhood where it was parked at Campbell's home. Police alerted when the witness called him on a cell phone knocked on Campbell's door. He opened the door and said, Police arrested Campbell on suspicion of the UI because of his demeanor and appearance including a strong odor of intoxicating beverages on his breath. I can't stand that. You know what, booze breath? On girl name. Oh, no. Campbell became combative as police placed him in a patrol car, striking at the car door for a set. At the jail he used his knee to kick the upper right thigh of a police sergeant. He need him. He's got five minutes for kneeing and a game of conduct. It could have been a lot worse if the sergeant hadn't turned because the target was not how about those leaves by the way. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Ah, Hmm. Oh, Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, ah. Oh, Oh, so was the kız inhtemed too. Ah. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Ah. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Ah. Oh, oh. Oh, Oh. Oh. which is applied when a driver has a blood out call content over point 15 the legal and Arizona's point o eight and y'all to y'all to y'all to y'all to y'all to y'all to y'all to y'all to y'all to y'all not you know probably singing which is to all lineman those people in a probably begging him please get him out of here i got which Michael Jackson stories do we start with you know it and you people are there gonna say oh no we don't want to hear all that Michael Jackson's do you know don't they yeah they do we got the love letters to the boy we got the fact that he started last February he was already an already hired mark Gary goes and a private detective last February to a start investigating this woman and to start digging up dirt and covering his ass now of course when you're innocent you do things like that don't you know there's little sneaky rooms that they what do they call them the secret room the secret rooms in Michael's bedroom or office bedroom or underneath or over on top in a side and under whatever followed the court secret rooms to the lara blood huh and of course we all know what they do in the secret room just rub it just rub it just rub it yeah it's rubber rubber just rub it that's what they do rubber rubber rubber rubber rubber let's hop in the tuba just rub it and have them and give you a little band see this business where people are trying to say including Johnny cockering and who try to make it into a racial thing again it just makes me nauseous I can't stand anybody whether they're white or black they want to turn everything into a racial thing kind of do with race like I said he's whiter than most of us so don't give me a solid answer about it say it's a race thing bull crap it's a pedophile thing is what it is Michael said it was just a little thing here's my any hello yeah hello yes sir yeah listen why you always stop by the why what are you talking about yeah you know what I don't you just show you pull up you how did you shove this okay my dark-complexed asshole friend see there you go it is a guy again making it make into a racial thing what I just get through saying I said he's white yeah well if you wouldn't stop it see this is the Johnny cockering thing all over again you just don't get it when black people I hate to break the news do you sir uh Ted Bundy was white John Wayne Gacy was white David Berkowitz was white nobody said oh you're picking on white people again but every time a black scumbag commit some kind of a crime oh it's a racial thing and how come you always talk bad about black people what kind of garbage is that I like to almost be bra and a lot she's black okay she ain't gonna get no votes but she's black she's a a nice person hmm I even like Al Sharpton little but even though sometimes he's an asshole but what I say before about who does the best in those debates what I tell you Al Sharpton he talks circles around in my white boys and in debates even though he's like I said uh in a case well stop talking bad about them oh that's right I shouldn't have said that but well I'm trying not to be perfect why don't you get a life my dark-complexed friend why don't you get with it and stop defending everybody just because they're skin color okay it's stupid it's not the act of intelligent person it's an act of a moron you know I mean absolutely moron absolutely remember that's your the moron and Ron show oh yeah how they do week here's my me beat hello uncle Neil yes sir that guy's a moron don't be talking bad about dark folks now that guy's gonna get upset actually what I was going to tell you is that I think this whole Michael Jackson thing is we got to be very careful probably something is to grab the public attention because I've beautifully were looking at there's probably some real dirty stuff going on because remember Monica Lewinsky and uh and peanut skate with uh they had the stuff going on the breakdown of the talks with North Korea it was all to get the public's mind off it you know so yeah I think this is I mean I hate to say this conspiracy but I was all to get the public's mind off the breakdown of the talks with North Korea well the uh the peanut skate was back with uh peanut skate was back with uh yeah I really say sir um five six seven oh five six the pound five six the only AT&T and Verizon world of slime we're two for two today baby yeah the public's mind off the breakdown of talks with North Korea so we had peanuts skate you follow logic in that no but these are just practice shows anyway so who cares yeah we're just we're just having a good time like I said so whatever you have to say make it I'm using like these are first two here's uh what does that say Oakland Park hello hey now yes sir hey I'm giving back to drug companies and so forth I used to work for a pharmacy and the average markup was like 100 to 1000 percent markup on their drug right it's incredible how much markup and you'll notice why they feverishly just prior to the signing of this rape bill that they passed today uh they feverishly uh worked on this thing about people getting their prescription drugs from Canada and they make make up all kinds of stories about the quality of the drugs and they're not safe and all of the other bull crap as if if Canada is some kind of a tenth world country and we don't have uh like the same exact drugs here that they have in a state all they do is lie to the public so they continue having a free license to rape the American public correct because we used to get things that we would have to sell that was only allowed to be sold out of the country but it was the same exact product but we would get it at this count price right so it was and we would sell it at locally which we weren't allowed to do as a way to make more money one of the things they were doing which they weren't really allowed to do but it's just telling you how much more markup there is in America of the same product that they are exporting overseas that's your loopy if you see what I'm saying yes I did another thing there's no there is no um a fee schedule and I'm in the medical equipment business and we get paid so many dollars for a wheelchair, a walker or anything because the government tells us how much we're going to make and we agree to do that drug companies don't want some mental fee schedule they want to make as much profit as they can and because they own the congress and because they own the senate they get they got what they wanted they're going to get their going to choose the prices that they want me to tell that you got it and it's really crazy the rape of the public so in the Americans think the gang rape is funny too yeah one more thing if I may quickly oh well I should go I know time okay thanks that's what we got to get this must of your life and man you know I'm talking about we got to move it here we have a very very random washmit off the shelf 1027 at five sixty wqm hey listen if your carpety little bit of help if they're little schmutzie and of course now would all your company come in for the holidays the last thing you want is then to think that you're some kind of a slob even though you may be dry concepts that's the standard by which all of this follow they beautify your home leaving your carpet sparkling clean vibrant color softer the touch metal and let me fresh they'd run a couple of hours when dry concepts finishes their amazing job you'll just shake your head in disbelief and say it looks just like I had brand new laid on my floor they've been doing my house for over twenty years and they ought to be doing years every time too and when you call right now ask how you can save 15% off the already reasonable price on your x-carpour cleaning from dry concepts and no matter what to deal is they always give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start their unbeatable job for you so get your carpets back to life just in town for the holidays by calling a good folks at dry concepts toll free 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on a worldwide web if you like it dry concepts dot com Never quite as honest as they would appear, shake hands and get baby's our kid And later on I've just something so scat to land No wonder we're also confused Making power and privilege that they have used That's hope we will never again lead victory Like a matter when she should fall for money Why should fingers be taken by after election day? It was the story of a girl What's up with the president for a world? Yes, she can't feel glad and hurt me bad So we never did recover when he lies Now the president didn't want that much of right wing not keep pinnled now But God only knows they're not getting no blow jobs Right, thank God for that Right, I think I get in blow jobs, I sure hope not 1033 at 560 WQM we got 128 votes on at pole What's your take on J. Levin the Bokaman Shanton Killatineager who was a prankster who's being charged with manslaughter J is He should have gotten a murder charge 42 those people are right He had a right to defend his home let him go 36 let him go just give him a slap on a wrist and say bye bye Those people are wrong. He should get the maximum sentence about About to me. Yeah, say that and at least they're they're right too because at that the moment that's the charge So what else can you do? Heaven heard about this story 20 even though I'm the one it's out of touch But we got 20 people in the audience haven't heard about this story and they're entitled or busy with our turkey and stuff right right by the way Something about this point a lot of the gun squeezers might think My brain's never voting that he should be getting off but he's the one that's gonna ruin it for everybody else that wants to have a gun You know How do you figure because too many of these incidences happen and then the anti gun people are gonna get enough material to know they won't take away from it No, they won't Are you are you I know you weren't feeling what you were out suggest today But are you still running a fever or something? Yeah, how does that affect are you forgetting where you are look around you? You're in the US of a baby you're in gun country. Nobody's taking away our guns Out of my cold dick, you know hands. That's what Chuck has been told you you better get with it as he was running away from a Michael more Did you just did all your microphone there? No, I didn't even tied to anything with it Why nothing you could cut out for half a second. Oh, so in other words your cellos is act up again Well, there you go. So if we lose the signal again, oh, wait I mean, don't be blaming me blame it on George Corso when you're screwed up engineering department down there nice going Corso you idiot you simple then you bush liquor Here's Kate Correll hello Kate Correll Something talking to somebody else while we're having a high paid radio show here. Kate Correll You go with me. We'll make the cap devil Let's just let people come here. I'll let them show that Okay Because my office should be back about one dirty About one dirty Showed for me. I don't want them all the street We're recording this. That's what we get plans for a hit or say Well, if I know if I know it's gonna or you'll probably pressure bill and didn't come on or box to give them a fan of papers I want to get into a store Oh, there's money to be made. There's probably one of your bushes buddies Here's Kate Correll hello Okay, what's going on up there? Hey, I went to yesterday you were talking about this movie where they did the The jury verdict by a telephone and some part to make a other movie like that called citizens verdict That does make in clear water Okay, I didn't say anything go tell about telephone sir you crazy person you What was that a crazy person I think you thought talking about anything even remotely like that yesterday not even close Not even in a ballpark in this guy. It's somebody he needs telephone technique 102, okay? Somebody teaching more to stick that thing 5 6 7 0 5 60. That's how you like this dog. Yeah, this is the kind of day that I enjoy tremendously I really do yeah Here's a call from home state. Hello How you doing Neil pretty good? I've got some inside scoop on Glenn Campbell or I guess it's irony on the Glenn Okay His future study law happens to be one of the two southeast southwest Airlines pilots It was busted here in Miami for DUI So it runs in a family huh? Well the future family leak. Well quick pick it on them white people man And you two things see there you go if it's Glenn Campbell. It's okay, but if it's Michael Jackson You stop talking bad about life and it calls all the time that Schwarzerman will cut the crap Well, yeah, you're embarrassing yourself even will Smith won't talk to you mr. I got to call the first call Talking bad about black people. I don't give a crap of Michael Jackson is the color purple. Oh, see there it goes again. It's Oprah That's another shot at Oprah There's another bitch and Rosie O'Donnell we hate her guts. Rosie's white by the way She's literally white. She's Irish. She's an Irish-dike. Okay. She ain't got Levi even a little black inner Well Maybe need a little black baby's coming next you know Maybe Jack goes love letters to boy. I got the New York Daily news to your post. I got uh, oh I got them all Let's see. Oh, here's the one you want to hear first This is from Anthony Harwood. This is from the UK mirror What are they? Great British tabloids because they love the dirt they love the dirt they love the dirt They love the dish it eat it lick it and the dirt too and they're also fascinated by factory Oh, oh by factory and buggery and the princess Charlie Sorted details of the child's textures against Michael Jackson have been revealed to the daily mirror You ready for that? Oh my god They're also claim the start is also claimed the start tried to buy off the family of his accuser 12-year-old cancer victim Gavin or RVzo and then video is found at his home could identify hundreds of boys who stayed with him Jackson 45 is accused of oral sex Boy mutual masturbation boy and inappropriate sexual touching Oh, here that I heard it oral sex mutual masturbation and inappropriate sexual touching Maybe in that secret room The charges mirror claims may 10 years ago by 13-year-old Joe or Jordy Chandler who refused to testify after Jackson paid him 20 million bucks Details emerge as Jackson's new CD when straight to number one in the British charts and fans worldwide demonstrated for their idol All week and long they were holding a candlelight vigils. Oh Michael Michael you never stole a freight train Michael Michael Yesterday Jackson spokesman said Michael is fighting mad Oh He's outraged that his allegations, but he's doing fine. He's grateful to his fans for their support. It's just a Stonisher If convicted he could be jail for up to eight years boy I tell you one thing he could have a good time with him in there He could be the next father-gagan, you know what? What? No, just too much to hope for the star said we're referred to gavin and other boys as rubber Because he aroused himself by rubbing against them He had no rub with them. Why? He didn't know he did that something against them. Just rub it. Just rub it. It weren't cooperative enough. Just rub it Just rub it a source said one of the games was called rubber rubber just rub it just rub it The boy said Jackson was my rubber rubber friend Jackal was said yesterday tried to buy off the RV's or family in February by flying them to a new life in South America But they said no thank you. We don't like those buttons anyway, but that's right their names are Vizzo I'll probably be yours The move came after Gavin told Martin Bashir in his controversial TV documentary that he has slept in Jackson's bedroom Last week searches at the 3000-acre Neverland Ranch in California and other properties were carried out to find evidence Which would back Gavin's claims of asphalt Investigators found videos containing non-sexual images of a young boys who visited Jackson's home over the years They've already allegedly unearthed love letters and poems written by the star to Gavin we've got other stories on that We've got stories up the ass. Can we say that? Oh, we got lots of stories Jackson's former security guard Robert Wagner has said and estimated 300 boys passed Neverland during the early 90s he claimed he saw the singer presses groin against the youngsters as well as touching Correst them Well isn't that that's don't you when you meet somebody that you really liked or do you like press your groin against them? Sure Isn't that like kind of a you know maybe in his cultural thing right and you feel the groin passion Prosecutors now on a question British dish doc he Terry George 38 from Leeds He alleges he was befriended by Jacko after a concert when he was 13 and the singer bomb hearted him with sexual explicit phone calls As Jacko tried to avoid the media last week He dressed as an old lady and was worse to wait with secret penthouse and now he's been driven to a country club or he spent two days in secret hiding Everything's a big secret secret room secret penthouse Two people who never slept in Neverland came forward yesterday to say they had not been abused I mean L.A. Cup Well guess what I wouldn't have used my micolider. How do you like that? Oh I'll still take this one I'm sorry I'm sorry you're the crib cat Over here is my laboratory where I'm greeting a mouse with a llama. How is it going mouse? This one stinks to I am and I always wants to be on top All my animals talk but only to me This is my salarium where I grow my weed This is my walk in class It's not running right now because we're looking for parts of list here MTV cribs with a king of power 1047 at five sixty wcm he's everywhere 172 votes on a pool. What's your take on j eleven the boka man who shot and killed a teenager who was a prankster In the back by the way j is charged with manslaughter Here the four choices he should have gotten a murder charge 59 He had a right that offend his home let him go 44 He should get the maximum sentence 41 and I haven't heard about the story 28 16 percent haven't heard about the story Some glad that they're hearing about it today aren't you oh yeah Well, they should hear about it because there's just too many trigger happy people out there just get a little bit over the top Okay, and when somebody's running away and the idea that you should have been a back one probably probably not a good idea and all you guys Cut the crap anyway speaking of not a good idea cops read Jackson's videographer's home. I'm telling you I got the a pile of stuff here I got piles from this but we better take some calls before we get to that because it's from celebrity justice And for justice we must go to West Palm Beach, sure How you doing okay I'm a swatson. I don't mind you saying anything. I think I like it. There you go. You know This guy he saw the kid in the back Should get a maximum sentence You know yeah He's not the kind of guy that works with you know knowledgeable like look at the situation just trigger happy I think Did you get the facts on the Vatican in the sessions I said you? No They should be in the pile there Don't count it the other day what day the Vatican is not Look now I broke down the name of the book so you cut me there today and with the Vatican a session thanks See what we got now we got again. I appreciate it very much and that's making it Especially your blackwater yellow because we don't really you don't have to qualify for call in the show But we have this group of people that want to like call and say the same thing every day I'll get the book. How many books can I read at the same time? I'll get it You don't you remember this guy was like a couple of days ago no the other day the just the other day We're worried we got a problem on this program lately and you know I mean we got certainly don't suffer from uh We don't have a shortage of calls, but we got about a half dozen people and I want to turn this into the Randy Rhodes Junior show Wow I don't want to do that. I'm not interested in doing that Are we gonna do that? We're not gonna do that especially do do do do do do that during a holiday week no I gotta do that Anyway, let me get right back to my story. I just don't understand what's happening. I don't know where Got like about four or five people to want to call and say the same thing day after day after day that's a kiss of death Kiss of death to talk radio, okay, you know what I'm saying Sense of demographic zooming up there 90 plus we can't afford to have like 90 plus I want to talk to somebody 90 plus I'll call ma Find out if she had a good be in this week. That's only Tuesday Suburbine L.A. homeowner suddenly found themselves smack in the middle of the Michael Jackson cases their neighbor's home was rated Even though it's more than a hundred miles from Neverland One neighbor said I was thinking oh no what happened to our neighbor The evidence was taken from the home of honey that muslahae Most of the years something musally I thought there was something for breakfast muslics Mike useless Michael Jackson's former videographers who this is neighbors tell us what they saw being hauled off from a honey's home One says now listen to this carefully One says I saw them taking a computer and a silver like briefcase like thing it looked like they were taking equipment like Like California and I was like yeah, like you know how I tell CJ that it was cuffed as investigators confiscated Seven-ray video tapes, but he tells CJ that tapes don't show Jackson the way anything wrong But how does he know that and even showed the boy and his mom defending Jackson saying nothing sexual ever happened Well, he's a videographer Sources tell us the tapes are maybe for the alleged molestation occurred Meanwhile the war vortes be gunned in a Michael Jackson case some of the pop stars defenders around the offensive Even attacking the character of the mother of the boy who accused the the pop star of molesting him Citrus in the way they have this written it's got two separate words molestating him. He didn't molest me molestated him One Jackson vacuum implied the mom might have had a substance abuse problem, but Celebrity justice is talked to a source that has spent a lot of time with the mother and says he's never seen a shred of evidence In the case he's got any drug problem He says on the contrary that she is lucid Clear-eyed and curious deeply about her kid. How do you like that? But they always do that just like with a Kobe thing now, you notice they're ganging up their gangbing up on the edge victim Speaking of Kobe. Yeah, I'd interest you to know about a jar and a tell-alost week at his picture was not on it. I'll be damned No more Kobe on the Nutella now and it tasted better See you're picking on black folks again. Oh, I don't do it. It's George that does it. Sorry George is be doing it. You know I noticed that then to tell a match to the picture of Kobe skin I'm gonna well yeah kind of like well see we can't we can't talk about real dark folks like OJ no more Because then time will make him so dark to that you can't even see their picture no more But Kobe is light enough. There's room to darken it just a little bit and the same with Michael of course You can like a normal shades before even start looking like he's got a tan or the palate Yeah, that that oh, I don't want to get into it. 183 votes No, I want to put the second pull on here. I'm gonna tell you why cuz I'm pretty pressed I watched well it was on twice on MSNBC the Democratic debate yesterday the contenders and I'm depressed I will tell you who I thought was excellent even though you don't agree with me And that was West Clark. I thought he finally Developed the parables and he finally was very outspoken and and was forceful and I think he's gonna start moving up the hit list I could be wrong. He's gonna move up the ladder. What answer questions? What you wouldn't answer the questions? Well, who the hell did Dean every time they get out of here. I mean I like Howard Dean don't give me wrong I'm starting to get a little worried about him because he's he's starting to Michael do Cuckusize me you know what I mean to cuckop He's starting to get that same kind of cuckop feeling when I see Howard Dean He he always looks very nervous and like like during a hit-lice kind of and he's he's not a forceful speaker No, but I like that no, I don't like that cuz that's not what we need we don't need another Al Gore another whim We don't need Julie Lieberman who ain't kind of and by the way he should know that they don't love moju's nio I thought of the yesterday. Well, they would get let him in even by TV. They won't let his pussy nio I think only go in my life as better. I speak in about that they had Ted Kennedy on the law. I'll go talk about that mediciro Wait real let's just pass right and he looked right in the camera and he said as far as this president is concerned if Hubman dreared I couldn't believe he said that now Ted Kennedy said that it hubman dreared and I thought you go boy Let's go and tell you have another drink Ted Kennedy he demand to about about that whole chapter quick thing. Yeah. Oh, he'd he'd be so great Me would be but you know, he wouldn't last too long though. There's no I'm not talking about that The curse. Yeah, no, it's not a curse. It's not by accident. But anyway, I don't want to talk about that right now I want to get to this democratic contender pretender thing I just hope that the Democrats don't have another death wish because if this bunch of Nazis gets in another four years You're all going to be moving to Canada or Mexico or somewhere anywhere So the second poll is going to be I just they just leave me a limp There's nobody after why I mean John Kerry when I say John Kerry looks scary. That's you understand what they say He looks like her man monster Yeah, you ever see the two of them get it same guy Same guy carry looks scary and I realize looks aren't everything, but you know if you're gonna scare the voters away and like Cassinence he says all right things but talk about scary They hurt piece man. It makes most Muscad look like a fashion play absolutely other spas and The Carol mostly brought I think she's fabulous. I like her a lot, but she ain't got a Chinaman stance in hell of a winning Sharp and like I said is a great speaker. I agree see you know, look bothers me. Yeah people like Jesse Jackson Al Sharp and there are times when they come out and they open up a big mouth and you say you go Boy, you know, I shouldn't say boy, right you go man But but 80 90% of the time they're like rabble-rousing assholes. See, that's the problem But Sharp and is a very forceful speaker and he's good and he always puts a you know a good I'll tell you John Edwards was a little bit better yesterday I thought Although he started off the whole thing by saying the last thing the public wants to see is us ripping each other and tearing us to shred And then for two hours what do they do they rip these is in an ass and they torch out of the shred Two fake sword gazzams. I fake for a play Haven't he seen through destroy the day 15 or less items is very went to pain took my wife to get the idol roles She'd give this choice in doubins for a bad goal Think he's a boss boy I'm gonna pass. No As we let To go left home to pop to lock things. I snapped a god there on my heart to feed it shock. That's it. I tried to fix it so it wouldn't pick no more. And so I was squatting in the middle of the door. Time wise guys, there's a huge option. When you play on the stove, I tell you boy, I think I'm going to pay for the stove. After loading up, I make you be my king. My wife was waiting at say fumbles to eat. And there's my wife's shoes from melting in the town. I ask you people in there, with the hell of a heart. He said smoke, you got the wrong heart. Oh, you think I'm gonna pass this door. You can deceive me, turn up lava. And the hell of I should put the Noah decision. There must be 15 art pieces in colour. I can fight in the rules. 11.15. 60 WCM Life is a free antenna flower and a nice early bird. What more could you want? Here's just in from the online New York Post. A hundred leads on Jacko. Oh my god. Authorities probing Michael Jackson on Child molestation charges are investigating at least a hundred other leads on the glove one and the possibility of new victims the post has learned. Ready for that? He's strapped in. The Santa Barbara County Sheriff Department asked tips to call with information on other potential victims last Wednesday. And the phones have been ringing off the hook or high rank and official told the post. Now watch it listen very carefully to what the official said. We are going through them to make sure they pass these smell test. Okay. Got it? I'm not sniffing them. I'm probably not. They're sniffing them up. Oh yeah, that one smells like a victim. Yeah, smells like teen spirit. He said about a hundred tips that no matter teens yet. Treat teen spirit. He said about a hundred tips are being treated as serious although the permits received thousands of calls. The bizarre superstar was booked the oddia. Yeah, not be formally charged. He's going to be charged now. This says the second week at acember. I think that's wrong. I think it's a Monday. This coming Monday, which is December one. Anyway, the delay is to give district attorney Thomas Denzoff as a chance to finish a new website where it'll post court papers to avoid a media stampede. Meanwhile, the embattles star was remained in seclusion on the onion. His own website, we know that hasn't been seen in public for five days. Where's the rest of this stuff? Two video cameras were discovered in the jets baggage. Oh, my, the bizarre development. Jashins rep said yesterday, they were flying on a private jet to surrender. The superstar in his lawyer Mark Garagos were secretly filmed. Two video cameras were discovered in the jets baggage compartment during routine cleaning, fox news reported. The mid-air footage device claimed that Jashins was an emotional mark on a flying set showing him at ease and even smiling at times. Extra jet officials admitted later reporting the media about possibly selling the tapes the early times says. The Jackson was, see, this is all over the place. So I better read the whole thing. Jashins released on $3 million bail after being booked a month straight to a meeting with family members where he finally broke down in tears. That gathering where Jako Shimana by relatives and friends went openly took place in a high-rise kind of Las Vegas where his sister Latoya also lives TV celebrity Justice be reported. Their Jackson began crying and said, I can't believe this is happening to me. Those in the distraught group which included Latoya, brother Germain and father Joe, attempted lift Michael Sparys by saying things like, you're the king of pop, you'll stay the king of pop and just as will prevail. Jashins believed to still be hiding out in the vattin or the biggest studio where he've been shooting a video before his arrest. Superstar singer Shire also spoke out about the scandal telling TV's ET. She thought the allegations were really sad. I think that once and for all there should be this investigation you should be able to clear himself or the alternative she said. Well, at least she's right now. In other words, case or loss or robber, let's get to the bottom of it. I'm going Shire, you go, you guy. She's pretty butch. Not a good night, butch. Let's wrap up this first pull. I'm going to give the second one on which I interrupted myself because of that breathtaking online mirror post story. About the hundreds of possible victims and they're sticking them out right now. But I kind of wrote you the letter he said to the one on the scroll just like John Hennhren Ramed it. I almost forgot that. Two hundred nine votes when I printed this out is probably more there but who cares. What's your take on J11 and Bokehman who shot and kill Latine Jir who was a prankster? 11 is charged with manslaughter. He should have gotten a murder charge 73, 35%. He has a right to defend his home. Let him go 50. He should get the maximum sentence which is 30 years by the way. 48 votes for that. And I haven't heard about this story 38 18% of the audience hadn't heard about this story which is pretty sad but then again might have told anybody want to read a newspaper and know what's going on around them in town even though on the one course and not a touch. Now. Second pull. Let's get this on in a very, I don't know. I don't, I'm nervous because I smell it. Speaking of the sniffing it out, I smell that death was you again by the Democratic Party. Some of whom were all over and played dead again in this vote on a medicare. This fraud thing that they just did. It was a fraud. Which Democratic contender do you think has the best chance to meet George W. Bush in 2004? That's our second pull and it will be up there rather rest of the day and tomorrow and until we start. Howard Dean John Kerry, Wesley Clark, Dennis Cassinat, John Edwards, Jewelie Roman, Carol Mostlybron, Al Sharpen Dickcaphart, or no one can beat Bush. Did I leave anybody out? 24689. That's how many there are. Nobody can beat Bush is the last choice. In your opinion. Right. And if nobody can beat Bush, hey, I'm going to start singing Oh Canada again. We're doomed. Like Roby said. Five sick is he's going that phone booth and here's a more. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Going once. Going twice. Well, they've been on there for a long time. I mean, don't get all bent out of shape. What do you want from these people? You are a real hard ass man. Yeah. They've been on there for a long time. Some of these calls and I'm busy talking about all this Michael Jackson stuff. Let me say it again. I know we took that poll the other day when a story first broke and everybody said that politically correct thing. We do. And I read a I wish you to heard. I'm a we did again just for you. Okay. A great story. You know, William Rivers pit that writes all these great stories. Mm-hmm. A good. I heard it. I still got it. George W. Bush loves Michael Jackson. It's written from his perspective from my last Friday when he was watching CNN. I think maybe I'll read it again later. Good. About all the other important stuff that was going on in the world and what a convenient thing this was for Bush while a British with their trashing him. And a hundred thousand people protesting and he was messing up the Queens bushes which he's not too happy about. She's filming at the mouth. But at any rate. What can I tell you? We got more important fish to fry two hours they spent on this thing as we saw breathlessly. Oh, there's Michael and there's the plane all the other crap. You know all of these things. And I understand that that is true. But the fact that it matter is it's like O.J. all over again. Once it comes on there because we have this morbid fascination and especially with me see the reason I'm interested is because I want to see them fry his ass. It's long overdue. Everybody's known for years that he's a freaking pedophile and 45 year old guys don't sleep with 10 and 12 year old little boys. But yeah and everybody just like he's got this because he's a superstar. Therefore he's got a free pass even more than a Catholic priest. They only get a couple. Here's a call for Miami. Hello. Hello, yeah sir. I know I can share a little bit about Michael Jackson because he moved a privilege life. But you know if they've done for me when they want to use racism when it's convenient for him. But he's not even black. He's he's the wider than the iron. He's black, but you know if the thing is almost as white as George's which is pretty damn pale believe me. But do you believe me that racism doesn't exist? You know I mean it doesn't exist. I mean I look so I mean you have to act you have to act. You have to ask me if racism exists. I mean you know I mean but I mean you act as if it's velvet. And I know I look at I say that. It's the way you portray there's as you know racism doesn't do. They always want to use the race car. They always want to use the race car. Well, sir, let me say this to you. There's a difference between real racism which is very, very much alive and well all over the world, not just in America. Real racism and paranoia which every time some black person commits them horrendous crime or is accused of it right away you make it into a racial thing. It can't be an excuse for every scumbag one a matter of what their skin color that it's some racism or bigotrosa that that can't be an excuse. Right. Well my thing is it just it just found that you're making it into you. You're trying to say that it doesn't exist. Of course it exists. I mean it's not as much as it ever has. To me I think that will be the one thing that just ruins its country is racism. But you know another thing for all of you folks that voted for Ralph and later I hope you enjoy what's happening now. Hey man, well said man, well said. That was good call. Yes, and by the way that asshole was thinking about running again now. Oh no. Oh yes. The man and what was I screaming about at the time here is a guy who's supposed to be you know all the issues that he's so crazy about the environment all of the stuff which of course Robert F. Kennedy Jr wrote that big article in Rolling Stone about how this is the worst environmental president in history and he's absolutely correct. But you know, later's ego got in a way and assholes like Phil Donna who said oh yeah, Ralph is the man. Right. And all he did was make sure that Bush got in if one of it for an eight or a gore would a one we wouldn't be talking about this crap right now. And even though Al Gore no rocket scientists, the fact that I'm at a busy didn't vent the internet. So what else wrong with that? Oh seriously, I mean this is what we got now. We got these right wing Nazis who did all the, and the thing I was thinking about this this morning when I was shaving a lot of this slip my neck, which is hard to do with you know that kind of a razor. Yeah, but I'm thinking of myself the Reagan people were a little bit more clever about it the way that they did things you know with the trickle down and they presented things with their big corporate mentality, whether you know their big buddies and big business in a different way. But these people are just blatant about it and nobody cares. Everybody rolls over and plays dead. This Medicare thing that they pushed through today. This is a nightmare. This is the beginning of the end of Medicare as we knew it and all that is is just another big rake off for their friends at a pharmaceutical industry. That's all it is. And the public just keeps taking their pants out of their knees and bending over and say, hey, stick it till me. Black dough feels really good. Keep doing it man. I love it. That's what they're saying. I don't get it. Do I ever get to the second pull? Oh, yes. It's on there. Which Democratic contender do you think has the best chance to be George W. Bush in 2004? Now, this isn't who do you like the best. We've already done that a million times and of course we can update on that later on. I think it's this one. I'm voting right there. Okay. Okay. And I'm not buying that. Nobody can be Bush because that's not true at all. No. Because one thing you'll notice that the the the the latest pull 48% said they definitely are voting against and 47% in favor. They're going to definitely vote for that only leaves 5%. Right. And that's making talking about the fact that the usual underside of that big swing vote. It doesn't exist anymore because he's polarized the company so much right. There are those people either hate him, which is 48% or those people love him, which is 47% so that about 50 50 it's right down the middle. And I don't give a crap. They all on the third quarter. The, all that these these the economy numbers are just unbelievable. And at the meantime, what does the market do to the anything? I was actually 8.2%. That's the economy grew in the third quarter. It's up. That's not. Yeah, it's up six points and that's up four point. Well, it's all bullcred. Still, though, jobs and the jobs that they are talking about are like, you know, flipping burgers and McDonald stuff like that. Howard Dean 13 and the first votes here on a poll, who do you think's got the best chance? Uh, Wesley Clark 11. I voted for Wesley Clark. I think he's the dark horse. I think when the dust won the smoke clear is you're going to see. And there's things I don't like about him, but are there any of them perfect? No. But like Dean said yesterday, they didn't debate any of them up there in that stage. Sure, heads and shoulders better. What we got now. Light years ahead. Nobody can beat Bush eight. Eight people said that. Fools. Uh, John Edwards won and John, because Senate's won and said out of the first 34 votes. Nobody voted for Julie Reminiette. Oh, hey. Even the Jews, we got on our website today, a stirred that even the Jews knew Hampshire, which you know how many of them there are. But third man. Even they don't want him in there. Because he's got no credibility on the Middle East. For example, and of course, uh, him being in there, all that would do is just fan up all kinds of anti-Semitism again, which we don't need no more. We got plenty of that to go around these days, right George? Right. 560560 pound. Ha, 60. The AT&T. And for right, see, picking on you when you're not there is fun, but what you are there, it's much more fun. Of course more enjoyable. But you are, you know, what you are, we're too are. Anyway, I'll tell you what brandy is. Brandy is a miracle because they've been in business in South Florida for 25 years. That is correct. This is their 25th anniversary of Brandy, Susan Pompeo Beach. And the reason they've been around while so many others have come and gone is because they know how to do it right all the way around. They give you the best prices on the top merch that I've got. The top names in the shoe business. Rockport's Echo is Mufisto, Timberland, Clark's SAS floor shine. All the names you know and love. They give you a friendly personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time and speak in that. Their selection is so gigantic that you can just about be damn sure you can pet all of our lives out of it that they got exactly what you want in stock. And no matter how big or small your feet are, they can hook you up. They got men sizes 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12, which from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide. Look after those people with them wide fat feet. With over 40,000 pairs of shoes in their 8,000 square foot mega store like I said, you can just about bet on it, which you're looking for is right there ready to slap on your foot. Brandy shoes, you'll find them at 12.90, nor federal highway in Palabito, Pondeli, Monday 2 Saturday 9 to 9. Sun, a Sunday's 10 to 5 in his part of their 25th anniversary celebration. They invite you to come in this week for great savings on men's and women's essay issues. Extra savings even more than usual all this week at Brandy's and Palabito Beach are visiting them on the way, but Brandy's shoes that with two S's, Brandy's shoes.com. Three is so far. Thing you're most pleased about. And I wanted to reduce our snake and drinking water only because I'm not friendly toward the environment. Biggest mistake made so far. It was too take effect. We'll be back later. We're not going to let it come into effect. I want to spend a lot of money. I want to do so. One final question. Mr. President, do we yet know how sick is the heart of the cheney? Well, and we know that he is, I know that he's a, as they say, I wear his checked out lost cause. Sure. That's why I'll be a twin maker. For example, our sins going to be really crappy Christmas and they're lowering their predictions at any rate. You're wanting that really frost my ass. You know, when people end, of course, you have no way of knowing because you can't read all of our bedtime stories every day. But people face you stories that are on the website. Right. Like from the Reno Gazette journal, pending the freezing of hell by Cory Farley, which is on our website today. It's a cute story. It's good. It's excellent. Make sure all these evening and good points. It's on our website, sunnyorajus.com, which each and every one of you ought to be looking at every day and find out what else going on in the world. I've already thrown 100 of them away. Of what? Stories of people keep facts in hand. There you already got that one. I mean, you know, we appreciate stuff. I can't see them all. But I try to scour pretty damn good about the 4,000 websites every guy damn day and steal what I mean, the fun whatever I can. Including a 10 page facts that I canceled the first time that apparently pissed them off. So they made sure, uh, refaxed it and that time it got through. Oh, thank you so much. Here's Pompano, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, we have Michael Jackson and Ojizium. Yeah, good. Love this. Okay, Schmuck. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Why do people even waste their time? Why do they bother? They sit there because they're nothing else to do. It kills a few minutes. Keep some off the streets. That's why this is the show that makes out for the safer than usual because we keep all the things off the streets except the ones with a cell phones. By the way, did you change your number yet? No. I mean, change your service. Oh, then you know this. What? So sad. Oh, there's going to be people lined up for blocks and miles. Everywhere all across American out because they're going to let you transfer your phone number when you get new service. And they're going to let you cancel this one and get the Verizon and all this other crap, you know? And guess what? Did they happen? No. Look at that. The phone is ringing. It means there must be a package downstairs. And that's exciting. I'd be excited. I'm not going to fucking fucking package. I'll save it for tomorrow and for like Thursday for those big two hours I have on Thursday. That's going to be, that's going to be quite a show Thursday, 10 to noon. Do you think I should do like a regular show? No. We got the dog. I think the Dallas game might noon on Thursday. Boy, oh, boy. That's going to be a barn burner. Well, there you go. You're in the Beast and talksport all day. I could be wrong. When I think the dolphins are going to get there. As is whipped in Dallas by Bill Parcells and his boys. I could be wrong. But I think it's going to be pretty embarrassing. Whether without a J. Feetle monster. You'd have been, uh, I'm used to selling with all your very anti-sports sky. But when I was listening to the J.R.R. See, yesterday morning, I'm sitting here. I didn't know that you were sick. Because nobody bothered telling me. I'm sitting and I'm listening and there's guilty. I'm in the end. I'm going to tell you how silly that is. Because I'm looking at this pullward taking about who's got the best chance to be. And Julie Rubens got one vote. Must be from his mama. Somebody's going to be there. I'm going to tell you how silly that is. Because I'm looking at this pullward taking about who's got the best chance to be. And Julie Rubens got one vote. Must be from his mama. Somebody's going to be there. And Julie Rubens got one vote. Must be from his mama. Somebody like that. Because I mean anybody knows that Julie Rubens along with Ralph Nader. Those were the two biggest factors in the cross-gory election. Plus of course all the fixed votes. And the fact they wouldn't let a lot of dark folks in Florida votes. Speaking of racism. And things like that. Well, to me marriage will always be a man. But even forget about the fact that he's won't be an orthodoxy on all the other crap. The fact that a matter is if you think that anybody in Oklahoma, Mississippi, I consider it named like two thirds of the states. If you think they're voting for a Jew from prison, I got about 50,000 acres of great cheap plan for any Everglades real cheap. How much? But third man. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. See that? What we're talking about the racism thing here. They wouldn't vote for him. The deans got a better chance. Yeah. And actually the best politician is his sharp, out of all of them. Yes, and obviously you think sharpens got a chance to win. No, he doesn't have a chance. Of course not to the one you're saying that because you have no material. Okay, you're there. There's another one. Kept him off the street. I think this guy probably was an ax murder. Probably we out there like kill on all kinds of women and children right now. If we wouldn't have that call. Seriously, didn't he have anything to say? Oh, you could tell from the women he started. He was a little bit like that. But I have a great holiday. I hope you choke out of God damn. I wishbone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. See, that's what I like about Florida. Keep in mind. This is the state. Not only did we have alien. Not only have we had a mirrored of other emberessments, but this is the state where a bunch of people couldn't figure out how to hold a vote and that's why Bush is in there right now. And that's why all these people are dying in a wreck. I don't want to like wait heavily on your conscience. Hey, our bad. But if you're one of those people who voted, thought you were voting for Gore and voted for you, we can and back in 2000 just three years ago. I want to tell you right now, you're responsible for a lot of those deaths over there in a wreck. Am I right? Yeah, that's their fault. That's a good one. Oh, it is. There, there are part of the problem because there were two stupid know how to vote. And I know the butterfly ballots confusing and I say, but if you're that stupid, you should be voting in a first place if you can figure out how to do where to stick it. They can't figure out where to stick it. It's kind of like the two from the glass to me bag, you know, even Moe was told me. Sometimes he sticks it in a wrong place. Let them. We need a map. Here's Carl Springs, hello. How you doing? Pretty good. Good. You should always become just like Russia, Limbaugh's butt with an opposite. Here we are, something if you don't like it, don't listen to a person. Okay, don't listen to it. Told you to see 80. I don't know how old he was and I couldn't care less. See, when you call up and complain about this show, there's one simple solution. We don't want to hear your crabby old crap. Just find something else to do. Go play part cheesy. Okay. Go play shuffleboard. Go on and get the Majron said, okay. And get CD come over and Sarah Goldfarb and play some Majron. Majron, you can get off of our ass. You silly old crew. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Right wing scumbag. And by the way, the Michael Jackson show is stuff has got to help a lot to do with the left wing right wing and chicken wing, isn't it? That's political. It's fed about 80% of the show so far and that, but my show is becoming just like her Marshall and Balling. And on the other side, well there you go. So, don't listen to either one of them. Okay. Sit there in your stupified world with your finger deep inside your ass. Steering at the god damn moon like Scott Jr. that used to work in the other room there. Steering around into space wondering for an exploration from god. He was bizarre man. I'll tell you that. I think he still is. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Thank you. Thank you. Um. Thank you. What? What are they? Thank you for calling me. And not honey or you know one of those things. I don't like honey. Me neither. It's a, what do you dive that if you can't have honey? That's true. Um, I wanted to talk to you about, um, what you were discussing yesterday, but I couldn't get through about the suicide in Iraq. And I, I only found you about a month ago. So, you may have already known about this, but a couple months ago I saw on one of the news channels that I remember which one. Um, a mother that had gone to visit her son in Germany in the hospital. Right. And um, she was talking about how appalling the hospital was because they were wounded in the hallways because there wasn't enough room. Mm-hmm. Half of them were naked because they don't have enough pedomins and stuff like that. She's with the wounds were just horrendous. Right. Um, and her son told her that there were so many suicides just in his unit. Mm-hmm. And also, you know, in other units in Iraq, and he could not believe that she didn't know about it. Mm-hmm. And so, I, well, I've been till a few days ago. We haven't been here anything about this. And now the article I read yesterday said, I'm not sure if you've been there for 17 for sure. And it's possible that there are dozens of others. We are so far they haven't, you know, they're doing a best to cover it up. No kidding. And she was a Paul. And I just wanted to cover up his best. They could those grotesque pictures we had of our soldiers being dragged around on the streets again. Just like Mobyadis, who yesterday, he was old. They did their best, but then now we're finally decided they're going to show it about 100 times. Yeah. I also wanted to tell you that when the, um, I don't know how many like six or seven that were also killed. And of course we didn't see that. I went on the internet to LG Zero TV. Right. And, um, for two days, I was able to go there. And I saw the pictures of the guy, our guys that were killed. Right. And also several pictures of Iraqi civilians, one-man boy with a head blown arm. And for two days, I was able to go there and look at those pictures which were horrendous. Yeah. And then the third day, um, I wanted to show them to my husband. And I could no longer go there. Right. And it's, listen, I got to run, but I had a great day in spite of it. Thanks for coming. Thanks, you too. Today, they don't want us to see the ugly side of what it's all about because it's, uh, not good for, uh, business. Not good for right-wing business. The Secretary wore. Not good for Chevron. 28 past 11 at 5. 60 WCM. Shelley Bloom's fashion clothingers. They've been doing it right for the guys to saw photo for 40 years. And that's in great location. You know it by now. 26. 50 Northwest Fifth Avenue to Miami Fashion District. At Shelley Bloom's today, tomorrow next morning. So, because you'll always find fine men's clothing. They got it all. They got suits and sport coat, slags, dress and sports shirts, ties. One of the biggest selection of designer shoes anywhere in town too. Shelley's got a tad in slack. Super 120s and 15 colors. For only 60 bucks, George U.R. Monty suits that sell ordinarily. 13. 95 to 50. 95. Only 795 bucks. Shelley Bloom's fashion clothingers. Shelley even offers a fantastic selection of beautiful Italian suits starting at just 225 bucks a piece. Service selection and price. Those are the three ingredients that are kept Shelley Bloom in business for over the past 40 years. And that's never going to change. The selection is always fantastic. Alteration is always free. And with thousands of suits in stock up to size 70, you're sure to find what you're looking for. So stop over spending at the malls and make the trip to Shelley Bloom's in the heart of the fashion district in Miami. Open Monday through Saturday 930 an. A.M. Will 6 p.m. if you have questions, want to compare price. Just give Shelley a call at 305. 5.735890. That's 305. 5.735890. For Shelley Bloom's fashion clothingers. Believe me, it's worth the trip from anywhere. Oh, it's a sports-win-u-fi city. You wait a minute. Get the money to you. Oh, Chinese based man. When you get back from the moon. Bring me some crab right away. Oh, Chinese based man. You're gonna land on horse, wrong people around the eye. irgendwas. This car is fixed onigh put En小要去 Ind string. Let's go Chinese based man. The ship shakes like the walk that runs off right right now Trying these face man 27 till noon at 5.60 WDQM even also holiday week. We got the big hitters. We got the mad dog Through this afternoon the Humper is back after a well deserved day off yesterday from another day off Hank is at all bad news though 4 to 7 at the Miami heat at the Mickeyerson arena Yeah, why is that F.E. Why did they build it arena Hank 4 to 7 and we got the Ricky William show at the Cleveland Erricky finally had a big game in at fourth quarter nice going Ricky and why did got then lebasted on their liquor Why me ages I have no idea seven a way tonight eight o'clock. He got her a cool hotline with Josh Dero and the beast Who are joined at the hip believe you me if I think it might it might be like hoping Anthony again. Hey I think they might be doing it right on a year Then you got their her cool warm up at 10 her cones in Rhode Island Rams and Las Vegas Her cones basketball how many people gonna be listening to that? Followed by 80 K at midnight and you'll mark overnight 2 to 5 in a morning and then of course after that You will be one and go back to sleep at five Jack was love letters to boy. This is from the New York Post from the regular way. Also the online edition. Jeez. Tarzan's boy Suspected child molester Michael Jackson It doesn't even say a cute well on that they haven't the file charges yet That'll be either Monday or next Monday Suspected child molester Michael Jackson penned sex-laced love letters and poems to his 12 year old accuser was reported yesterday The explicit message were seized by capturing a raid on his neverland ranch and will be vital to the case Against the Bizarro Pachkar court of the Sydney Daily Telegram The boy told investigators about letters and poems in their precise location inside Michael's home a source close to the probe Told the paper is that what Michael was doing. He was just probing. That's right for dollar. Maybe that's where he lost his nose. You know, you know Braccombe The letters were among the evidence seized along with video tapes. They're very explicit and intimate show a degree of familiarity Basically they appear to be love letters from Michael to the boy The source said that he as convincing letters will be crucial to the case against Jackson the embattlesing or spokesman Stored backerman and the set of arbor shares department both the client a comment Meanwhile sources are close to the defense team So yesterday they've got tape and written statements from the boy and the mother saying the singer never acted in a properly toward the youngster But now we know again that those statements were before the alleged molestation, but But It just depends on who you want to believe. Yeah now there's another story which I just hear it is And in your daily news today The kid at the center of the Michael Jackson sex case allegedly tried to steal clothing from a California store on orders from his father when he was at eight years old Core record reveal the shoplifting turned violent when security guards grabbed the boy and his mother fought them paper said They were arrested and charged with burglary. I wonder if they were listening to Glenn Campbell records at the time and drunk a Police report on the August 2798 incident since security guards caught up with a boy in a parking lot where they wound up fighting with a boy his parents his mother was handcuffed The trouble family then sued the JC Penistran West Covina about 30 miles east of Los Angeles Ledge that they were severely beaten and fossily arrested in the suit the family claimed the boys suffered a Spraying arm nightmares and emotional distress The suit also claimed that a younger son who was seven at the time was bruised on the forehead causing headaches and emotional distress As part of the settlement charges against the family were dropped the family collected 200 grand But the couple divorced the short time later after bickering over the money Other police reports involving the family led the father once kept his daughter not 15 prisoner in his car for two and a half hours And threatened to kill your mom and your whole family the team told cops the incident happened outside her school of number 13 2001 in a bizarre statement after the mother filed assault charges against the father She assured police that Michael Jackson Local weatherman Fritz Coleman and basketball star Kobe Bryant would assist her with this incident Huh? I mean we'd that statement again In a bizarre statement after the mother filed assault charges against the father She assured police that Michael Jackson local weatherman Fritz Coleman and basketball star Kobe Bryant would assist her with this incident She's good see a lot of people are looking at it is like kind of an either-or thing Either they're just about your money grabbing lunatics and her crazy Sedraments so on or he's a petta-fut like it has to be one of the other right now. How about both? There you go. I think that's closer to the meat on the bone both of the above both of you But that's just my own personal opinion Because there was no doubt and you know what I'm gonna do today because I'm gonna I probably get that other book that the guy was talking to me about what they're about to Vatican Something other but I'm gonna go get the unauthorized biography Michael Jackson again because I read that Wrafter came out following the 93 allegations and then of course you you got the car there somewhere with the Latoya stuff on it My mother is very much aware of all the children that were there all the boys have stayed there and she is the one who always said that Michael Excuse my expression, but he's a faggot and she would say that damn faggot. I can't stand him that right and and she elaborated at the time What she now says she was coarse and errating that statement in the way which we know she's full of crap. Yeah I feel the family is hoping boys you can feel her holding back Yeah, like she was forced to say those things like she was just on the edge of trying to with the restraint But at any rate, it's all been out there and anybody got half a brain knows that he's a child molester But you know, we're not so all he deserves is day in court. Yeah fine and then fries as done trollmen who would have got it off father gigan 169 votes on our other pole Which democratic contender do you think has the best chance to be George W. Bush in 2004 which is a must it's not optional? It is mandatory it has to happen Howard Dean 65. I hope you're right I like Howard even a lot, but he just I watch his performances these debates and and he leaves me limp Like he's not yelling like the other people. No, no, he's not a good speaker He's not bad, but he's not very forceful. You know, I mean dickemhard. He just comes across Gimhard says some good things, but he's very wimpy. You know, he's like that Wimperactor all over again and certainly Julie, but man who wasn't in yesterday's debate because he's Jewish and he's out of town But I mean, you know, Dean is not a bad speaker, but he's just you know You see you're knocking Wesley Park because yesterday he finally had like some personality No, I'm not gonna be hit to him. He watches he what he responded to questions by yelling non-answerers right? Well, so he's a good politician and what what is the president do? Does he ever give any of your answers? Please I mean you have to admit the West Clark's a better speaker than El President. They don't look like Alfred. He knew man on a bad day I know that better speaker. He doesn't have a deer in the light. My dogs are both better speaker. They've been dead for quite a while now 172 votes Howard Dean 65 Wesley Clark 51 Nobody can be pushed 37 21% of the Saudi instincts nobody can be pushed right Al Sharpton six John Kerry six John Edwards four Dennis Cassinits to dickemhard one Julie We remove one Kermos that brought none. Yeah, nobody can be pushed because let's face it things are going so well a war is going well right Economy economy is going fantastic everybody's got a job and a couple more hanging to wait into wings and lock-aids Reams civil liberties are for babies and civil liberties and all of these we got those naked statues all the Mood titties are just their flying and read no . Am 내려 Cura Young Mont She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar All of her children couldn't catch them She is a liar She is a liar And she is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar She is a liar I've got to do this on this hunt and battle and forget on the channel. George Bush is a liar. The traitor and the enemy in a criminal piece. George Bush is a liar. You're lying, you're lying, you're lying, you're lying. 14 till noon is 5.60 WQA and Turkey makes you tired. Turkey's for the birds, man. Oh, eat the hand. Nice steak. I should say that. Yes, the Turkey is tasteless. Well, it depends on what you're smear on it. Ah, french fries, tasteless. That's why I got to put ketchup mayo or something on there. That brown sauce, that nasty brown sauce that looks like, ooh, I don't want to say it. Anyway, no, no, it's just for any food that you have to outside a great steak. Like you were the Ruth Christ, you have to have steak sauce on your steak at Ruth Christ. Oh, I mean, you can. They'll give it to you, but they look at you like are you crazy? No, because it's a juicy and delicious. Any food that you have to embellish with something else, because it's, it's like a hamburger burger king that piece of shoelaces that piece of rubber tire, it doesn't matter what you put on that. No, but I'm saying you have to just, just load it up with crap, just to try to give it some taste to try to cover up the taste of that, of that awful, whatever that thing is that nasty piece of meat. And there's nothing worse than a nasty piece of meat. That's what my speaking of that. Speaking of that, our buddy Mike, you know, Mike, the long man. Yes. Please say you'll play the crap, it tastes contest on Thursdays. Mike and my answer is no. But George will unfriety. Show no. George will. Yeah, we're having George will unfriety to give some right wing a crap. He makes me sick, you know, George will. Boy. And the thing with him is he's, he's like one of these low key Nazis. He's no very low key in soft spoken, but at the same time, man, he'd like to stoop him gas chambers up again. I guarantee you that. And I think he's the real curse of the cubs. I could be wrong about that, but I think that's what the real curse is there. And what is this long fact that you just said is this exciting? Yes. Yes it is. David says, I really love you're shown. Find it most humorous at times, but I'm very appalled at the way you show a hate toward others that may have a different view than your own. I'm a Christian who loves you very much. Right off to that. I'm a Christian who loves you very much. See that course crap, okay. You don't know me. I don't know you. I don't love you. You don't love me. When people say that right off to bat, you know, they're full of crap. Well, it gets better. Well, I know, but I'm just saying this guys full of crap. Right. Pretty loves you. I'm a Christian who loves you very much. I may not always agree with you or your lifestyle. See, there you go. I'm like, like, that's some of his business. My lifestyle. But he loves you. That's why he loves me. But your person who I respect, that's whom. whom I respect and what it's like to say in return. I don't know you, David. So I don't know that I respect you or not. As far as anything that anybody believes as far as fairy tales, one thing about me, I'm consistent. It's all bull crap. It's all a big pile of crap. So I don't respect that. I might like you, but I don't like the crap that you believe in especially the way you use it. And I can tell that I already. I always thought that most liberals are very tolerant of others in their beliefs. It seems as if you're going, see, I'm not interested in labels either. I mean, if you want to generalize, I'm liberal, but I'm a thinking human being. And I don't give a crap, who tells me this, if Howard Dean says it, or Al Gore said it or Bill Clinton's adult care. I come to my Oak conclusions based on my own little tiny brain, my little by little one. It seems to me as if you're going backwards to what racism and vigorous are prevalent in the early 1900s. What does that mean? I also find it. Well, what does that mean? Talk about going back with your presidents to what it's taken as backward in the Stone Age. And your attorney general coming up statues of boobies. I also find it very confusing how we can balance the present what he's doing to make the world a better place by limiting the scum of the earth. Oh, it eliminated the scum of the earth. This is a good Christian. That's right. All those innocent people that are dying over there, the scum of the earth. Man, you are exactly what everybody hates about so-for-self-per-pand Christians, David, who are in their very nature are killing thousands of people by dreadful acts of terrorism. Now I hate to break the news, David, but the Iraqis, there was no terrorism in Iraq until we decided march to like a do-the-shock and awe. Aw, right. I didn't hear you when Bill was present for I wasn't California at the time. How did you feel when he bombed Iraq and Kosovo? He bombed Iraq? Huh? When? How was that? I don't know. Just hit him. He did drop one on try to get Osama in Afghanistan, but I recall him ever drop a no bombs in Iraq. But then again, what a wine. I'm not a good Christian. Don't get me wrong. I don't agree with everything GB, those but he's commander and chief of this great country and I've full of support on his presence. I did Bill Clinton. What David? You did it. Perfect to be another religious leming because you're just a ghost step or you don't think for yourself. You just take orders, just like the Nazi said, we were just following orders. You're a bigoted faggot. We live in it right. We live in a country that if you have issues with a person in office, vote him out but since the economy is turning around, right, and the people are getting jobs back that may be hard to do. Or how about this for size? Don't worry about size, David. You can always move to a different country that's your choice but not mine. I think I'm working on that, David. I love this country and I'm married to someone who is of a different race and probably very socialist country and she would not live every anywhere else. I don't know, I guess maybe the country doesn't have a name. Right. Her life is 100% better. She has a wonderful job. There's a house that is not supported by a tree and has food on her table. She has an American flag on her BMW Z3 and one that she made, uh, has something put up flying in front of her for house bedroom house. Please let us live together in harmony and respect each other no matter what racial religion or gender may this letter find you in good health and peace to you in yours. Right. Love. Love, David. Howl. Oh, please. Man. Oh, I just sniffed it. Remember that thing about Christmas. I just sniffed the letter and it smelled like that. Wow. They. I am so sick and turned on. You self-proclaimed Christians who love everybody. We love the sitter. We just hate the sin. Yadiya, I made this agree with your lifestyle. My new old business. Okay, David. Jesus also said love your enemies. That dropped bombs on the right. That's right. They were eliminating the scum of the earth. That statement right there. You see these farbizs in a goyan, which is the heart and soul of bushes support. These are the evildoers, man. These are the dangerous people who just generalize. In other words, all those lives of it are just lump them all together. They just scum. And those kids, future 10 years. Of course, the Americans who are dying over there in a bridge, who are dying over there. They must be scum too. Like the American kids who were dragged through the streets in Mosul on Sunday. Just scum. It's worth it. Shame on you, David. The good Christian. Jesus would be embarrassed at this misive that you just fetched to us. He'd be embarrassed. He'd come to your house and he'd knock the damn thing right down. Jesus Christ. Right. He'd be right there. He'd be there by lunchtime. As they say in China, he'd be there by lunchtime. PD and North Miami says, oh, we're against a good fash. It's not an A2. I like it. See, it's a holiday week, but we're getting some something. Here's my paranoia theory says PD and LNM. West Clark is a Republican plant. He's their backup of GW lose the election. Provided he gets the Democratic nomination, which he will. Right. Just remember, he always voted Republican till recently. Would we even know we had a secret meeting with Bush, the... Would we even know if he had, oh, talk about paranoid. If he had secret meetings with the Bush car, tell what? Do we really, really know about him? What do we really, really know about anybody psychotic and paranoia PD and NM? Huh? What do we know about anybody? What do we know about you? We know one thing about Bush. Believe you me about GW and anybody named Bush that's in that. He's an asshole. Right. We know that already. There's no question about that. Although David, the good question would say, oh, G, he's our commander-in-then thief. And Chief. I got to tour through more Michael Jackson's stories. Okay. But I'll wait till I can know him. Well, I don't want to like over. Oh, it's speaking to that. I do want to. CNN has got an online pool here. We should details of the allegations against Michael Jackson. We made public. They got almost 93,000 votes. 72% say, only 28%. No. I mean, why not? Why not? Those people will say, no, what is it that they're afraid of? Probably the truth. Probably those silly people out there, those sick offense. We got two things. You got the people like the first call we're had today who wants to make it into a racial thing. Number one. And number two, those people are like a star struck. Oh, he's the king of pop. He's the king of pop. And a few free ballestations, honey. He gets a free pass. Right. Like father two. Like a 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Yes, sir. Yeah, hi, how you doing? Good. Yeah, I just wanted to chime in here. I thought Clark had the shot as easily as being Bush. The reason being has written the editorial that I about the ads that they were public and national committee starting to run in the. Right. And then, you know, the fair monitoring has, you know, one file will, you know, destroy this. And, you know, and I know that that's going to be the tactic I'm going to take with the massive workchests to, you know, to try and destroy whoever it would be. I mean, and I don't think being, I don't see being holding up for that at all. Get part, carry, carry maybe, but Clark would be the only one that that that will work on because, you know, he's got the foreign policy credentials. Yeah, I normally have more idea of risk. I probably would be a dean for Porter, but yeah. Well, I like Dean a lot. I still, I still, but I just, I'm, I, yesterday I started getting my doubts about what that he can really win. And the last thing that I'm a crafty, there's another George McGovern and another water Monday on another Michael McCockus, that's going to get like swept away and win like maybe one or two states and it just be a blowout. I've worked for McGoverns in fact, but I mean, something around. Who can be wrong? I love your, I love your McGovern. He, I had him as a guest at my show several times, but the fact that a matter is he had no chance. That's just, you'll turn you into more of a pragmatic, uh, procession then, uh, you know, right. And you're here today, and that's right. I've come more pragmatic. We have to get these guys out. And I think Clark is the, is the best chance at, you know, this, this time in history. And as long as we can keep him out of the delis in South Florida, have a great day, pal. You too. Hey, maybe he just is trying to send us some blibble message, you know, about how this president you rash, go, I'm going to get you out, something like that. Ooh, you, you, I school. At the, at the old rascal house and the deli then, come on, Wes, okay. I didn't even know he was Jewish. Come on. And look, this is Fort Real by 60. You, you, you, you, you, you. Just say the whole man's security, Tom Rage, advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raised the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. At three this guy says oh my God. I'm going from the first morning for eight cars. My We have a yellow line Can't explain The meaning of what these likes do I call rich in sadness With a set of no pen Then to those thoughts And they got their wonderful skills And they gave a yellow line So they kept the line We have a yellow line From the light, every kind of day But you are only you We have a yellow line And they kept the line We have a yellow line Of the light, every kind of day Come on, two, so we get a facts from somebody who says, hey, Clinton did bomb a rack in 1998 operation does it fox And of course if you got to compare that, the purpose of operation in fact I even printed it out Were we bombing Baghdad? Were we killing civilian? No. December 1698 US Central Command Military Forces launched cruise missile attacks against military targets in Iraq These strikes were warranted by the president And we wanted to take it in response to Iraq's continued failure to comply with UN Security Council resolutions As well as their interference with UN Special Commission inspectors The strikes were designed to deliver a serious blow to Sodom Hussein's capability to manufacture storm 18 And deliver weapons of mass destruction and disability of threat and otherwise intimidate his neighbors Now that's what you want to compare I mean we've been bombing the noffin on the noffin fly zone of rich and Iraqi for years now Ever since Right It never stopped So if you want to compare that to shock and awe And the countless thousands of Iraqis that we killed not so much in the course of the American and American And the American and Brits soldiers that have died and be in and the thousands of in You see the interesting thing they talked about the other day finally Oh, we've heard it before we don't discuss the extent of injuries of the wounded Why not? Well, it makes them look bad obviously Why not? Because it's so easy just to say well two American soldiers were killed in 14 were wounded Well, I mean how bad like when we're talking about a scratch we talk about a hand nail Right We're talking about maybe a leg or two blown off or something like that Or maybe like some critical injury which they just barely hand on by a thread right brain damage Because just like the envy at nom man That's what they have to do is keep sanitizing this which is why they crap their pants every time pictures like the ones we saw Yesterday over and over again of those soldiers being dragged through the streets of Mosul They don't want us to see that just like they don't want us to see the coffins Because when you see a coffin you know what there is inside of it a dead body Oh But nevertheless when am I getting excited about my good Christian friend We love you so much 560 pound five 60 on a AT and T in Verizon wireless line Just amazing the lengths that some people will go to try to rationalize the unacceptable all of this based on a lie That's what I like about what West Park did yesterday and of course Howard Deans been sitting that long All of this was predicated on her pack of lies And now we know about it and the public is still well Yeah, we still think he's doing a wonderful job and the economy's making a comeback See all those soldiers over there. I hate to break the news to you guys But they're awful out of people in your country who don't really give a crap about whether you're dead or alive They don't really care just another statistic Maybe that's why there's all them suicides going on Right now here you go again. Yeah, tell them the truth Which democratic contender do you think has the best chance to be George W. Bush in 2004? 240 votes Howard D. 85 Wesley Clark 68 nobody can be Bush 51 21% really believe that nobody can be Bush Al Sharpton 13 John Kerry nine John Edwards five dick-gabhardt four Dennis Cassinant see what I've been here piece has three Jewelie Romans got a pair. Oh, I care how mostly brown has none. Oh somebody please vote for Carol She's a real sweetheart and she's very brilliant. That's Edwin so I she's got no chance, but she's good. Yeah, no chance Here's the call from Boker. Hello Yeah, sir. Yeah, I was trying to stay that yesterday. I got no, it's Reverend John again. You were trying to say yesterday right It was on yesterday for about a little bit longer than that by six seconds that a two Well, we can tell we're really down to the drags now man. This this factory again with this a line on the paper talk about a telltale facts Telltale heart. I'm sure that West Clark is secretly working for Bush number two, which is why and codermiss fogged rush gold farb Handedly and all the other fascism and sling him before he was even see this supposed to be sarcastic The strommage snatch is however is that Clark is not a real soldier, so for future reference if you're a fourth-jar general career officer in there Okay, whatever, why did I even bother reading that? All this perinoid. Oh, yeah, we don't like Wesley Clark as he first of all. It's not the bush people that are behind him. It's the Clintons that are behind him. It's the Arkansas mafia There are ones that talked in the deriving and what those run with that if you like building a hurry you ought to like West Clark Even all that they they made a good point. I don't tell you who else didn't know what the help party he was and that was Eisenhower Not that he was a great president what he wasn't Eisenhower was like kind of like one day a Democrat where the Republicans said hey, how about coming over with us? He said sure, okay, it's okay He had a lot of interest. He was a disaster In fact, he's one of the main reasons the Middle East isn't a shape that it's in today him and John Falk through Delos, but anyway don't confuse the public with effects. Who the hell was Eisenhower? Five six seven effect some people somebody's punk. They think that we already had a Jewish president because they found some of those old at somebody collector show they found those old buttons that say I like Kike and now he does a show with Joe on overnight Here's Miami Beach hello Miami Beach Sorry listening to this program. Yeah, why would I talk about Alonza morning and his bad kidney what what was this program? I have to do with Alonza morning. Well, I thought you know it's talk radio. I might want to talk to you Do you know what this show is all about? So you listen to this program? You're talking about the Democratic candidates. I'm talking about a whole bunch of things that have nothing to do with sports. This is not a sports show. We have 20 other hours of sports board among his radio station every day This is the one shining beacon to talk to people who care about something more than just sports is your like like centered about only sports. Are you writing an athletic support? And now while we're talking to you Very funny No, it's not funny. It's sad. It's pathetic There's important things going on in the world like Michael Jackson. Okay, get with it 567. Oh, 560. What is it an ask he had a retire? He needs a kidney and that's the end of the story. Okay, what else is there to say? What's he out of for one? Are you going to start that? It's in bad taste. What you talking about? I'm serious. They would be like if I played Alonza you're so big. That would be in bad taste right now. Okay, he never stole a freight train leave the guy alone. Okay. What's his blood type? Probably type 567. Oh 560. 560 on the AT&T and we had operation desert desert shield desert storm desert this desert Yamama That's right. You and sanctioned event is I right But I mean to try to compare that with what's going on. What does that mean? Did I support Clinton when he bond their rack right there were thousands and thousands of innocent people dying not Jesus got almighty Here's a call from Miami when is this? Yes sir. How are you doing here? I'm doing great. All right, I want to ask you if it's true that they were holding vigils around the world for yes candle light vigils that is absolutely correct sir for Michael Jackson. How pathetic is that? I'm sorry it's about support again. No change. 560. How come I can barely hear somebody's people like that last one probably just as well. Is it them? Is it probably out of getting new phone service? You're free and keep the same phone number. What do you say? Come on. Hop on a bad wagon. Hop aboard. Get you a new phone service. Hop over to Verizon one of those. We like them anyway. It's part of our deal. Our Verizon wireless line. Right? Which Democratic integrity think has got the best chance to be George W. Bush in 2004. That's our pull question on the arangers.com 256 votes. How are D 92? Good man. He's a little help on his speaking but Wesley Clark 72. I'm serious. I'm amazed with you. I thought that you would have but you don't. I like Wesley just fine. But I was perturbing me like him. I didn't like him very much at all until yesterday. I thought he really like somebody somebody given some something. I don't know what. You know what I mean? Yeah. So doggy uppers. I don't like people who answer. Don't answer questions of them. Then I don't have answered any questions. There. Now this is politics. I understand. That's the whole idea. The art of evading and avoiding and pontificating. Tired of it. In addition to which who don't want to see some guy with a speech thief by conducting a debate. How are D 92 Wesley Clark 72? I thought he booked up real good. It must have slipped in a couple of vayagras before he got up there before he got up. No one can be pushed 53.27%. Al Sharpton 14, John Kerry 9, John Edwards 5, Dick Giffhardt 4, Dennis Cassinins 3, Julie Roman II, Carol mostly, Brons got a fair. Thank you. Now you know that 20.7% of the audience are not bush supporters. Right. So for anybody else besides a bush apologist right wing asshole to vote that is it's the scene to adopt the defeatist attitude before the thing even starts. We're still your way is stupid. Because then it becomes like a self-fulfilling prophecy is what it becomes. And yes, there are a lot of stupid people out there. There's a lot of Yahoo's in red next and that's what makes up the electorate. But there are a lot of the rest of the people who aren't including in the big electoral states where they're mostly are a little more sophisticated people. Including some ethnic people if you catch my drip and ethnic in a lot of other states doesn't necessarily mean like right wing Cubans like in South Florida. What that was a little juicer one. Reese a year. That was good. So I'm getting out of my system of taxor dying, giving and time for that big bird. Trying to make a little room for it. I don't care what anybody says turkey is a number one. It's not good for it. Makes you tired which tell you why he's trying to play something. It's tasteless. I had a lady calling yesterday. She said she was making a big a him, a honey glazed him. I remember that him guy. Oh boy. Yeah, maybe we can get him back. Not. Might still be out there. Oh, yeah, when we were at IOD, we had a guy that used to do some spots with us and he thought he owned the whole radio station. Yeah, that would happen. Oh boy. He was really special. And anyway, touch him in a big hand for thanks to him. What's wrong with that? Even the juice can enjoy him. Except the orthodox, do you believe or man will beat no ham? He says it's evil to put pork in your mouth. And then he asked him about game merges. So have to talks about. 18 at 560WQM if you want to hear listen speak of that how about a nice white-hot of Dickner's. I like what our hearts would ask giving us I do. Man, there is nothing like Dickner's. It's been around since 1934. They started in Rochester, New York. I could throw a big brick for more I'm sitting right now right across and hit Dickner's and Rochester. I don't want to do that though. Probably not be a good idea. Anyway, Dickner's, the good news now for people in South Florida, the same great stuff they got in menu is in Fort Lauderdale. On federal highway, just South of Bard, Polarott and the prestigious tunnel, and Dickner's will take you back in time to when things used to be made fresh to order the way I love them instead of prefabricated fast to junk. So go and enjoy a real delicious hamburger hot dog served hot fresh in fast away like it. And Dickner's is being brought to you in Fort Lauderdale by the same guys who feed you cheaper, cheaper, cheaper, cheaper, and more. And Dickner's is using the same fresh, 100% ground chuck meat as cheaper, cheaper, cheaper grits. They offer you an incredible big fat quarter pound hot dog for you to wrap your lips around. And Dickner's stands above the rest because they use Vic signature meat sauce poured on top, which is absolutely out of this world. And if you want a great breakfast, Vicner's is the perfect place to because they got a fantastic breakfast menu including your omelettes cooked order, French toast, pancakes, all your favorite side dishes too. So if you have a mint of Vicner's ever weather in Rochester or in South Florida, any place sells, you really ought to stop buying, get yourself a real treat. Vicner's on federal highway, just South of Bard, Polarott and the tunnel on the east side and tell them that old Rochester Amirk, Neorodius, since you buy to Vicner. And look, this is for Twedeel by sixty-four anyway. So the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. I got the story of the century coming up. I hate everybody, the day you come, I just hear all through the furlough. I look for twatcher, I look for twatcher, look in acting, guys. I know mine. I look for twatcher, I look for twatcher, look the pattern there but now. Oh, and I went to the floor, I threw away my doll house toys. When I saw my first game, I got a twell. Those same folk and set, they pried in the wear of dress. Watch the SPN, Inviction and all. I love my first watchers. I look for twatcher, the catfish eyes are his bones. I look for twatcher, I look for twatcher, look the pattern there but now. I love to listen to sports radio all day and then you're watching sports hockey. What the older it is, I'm doing it. I got the story like I said of the century, you got yourself strapped in, I'm strapping. You think I'm joking, no to this, this one is going to make you probably fall off the chair. All right, let me give you a little hit as what it has to do with. Please no fact in the church. Just printed this out from the New York Times, lawyer for church says he hit his own sexual abuse by priest. I'm just soaking in it. There's no fact in the church. For five years, Robert P. Schumarto defended the Roman Catholic dices of Galveston Houston against lawsuits by people who claim to have been sexually abused by priests. As general counsel he vigorously resisted accuses, he said, depending off their lawsuits and collaborating with church officials to send them away quietly with his little money is possible. He said he felt good about his job until one negotiating session with the greyhead woman who said through tears that the molesting she suffered longer, was still causing her depression, mirrororal strapped and sexual problems, you can't possibly understand she insisted, Mr. Schumarto said he desperately wanted to tell her, yes I do. Of the thousands of people who fought the church over sexual abuse charges, Mr. Schumarto was the only one known to have fought from both sides. While representing the church as a trusted insider, Mr. Schumarto said he was secretly struggling to cope with his own sexual abuse as a teenager by a priest and a lay youth minister. The conflict between his inner and outer cells brought anguished thoughts of suicide and finally a confrontation with the dices, when he sought compensation from the church as an abuse victim this year, he came up against the bishop and lawyer as aggressively guarding church assets. In an interview in Houston, Mr. Schumarto provided a window in how church lawyers worked to deter lawsuits, minimized the church's payout, limit coverage for therapy and keep any settlement secret. It was always the church he said that insisted on inserting confidentiality clauses in the settlements, never the victims as many bishops have contended. He said that while the eruption of the scandal last year has made mith bishops more likely to express compassion to victims, the church's lawyers were still playing a hardball behind the scenes. And he said he was certain there were many more abusive priest and victims that have become public. Mr. Schumarto said he left his post when the dissonance between his past and his present became so unbearable he began to think of suicide. Three weeks ago after months of wrangling he sighed a financial statement with the dices of Austin where he said they abuse occurred, if they're playing the game with me like that this year, then nothing is changed he said. Bishop Gregory M. Amen of Austin declined to give an interview but said in the statement, I deeply regret any pain Mr. Schumarto may have suffered and pray they hill no gods healing. While the cannot change the past, the dices is established extensive programs to fronts to prevent sexual abuse in our parishes and schools in the future. The statement said the dices had paid for extensive counseling for Mr. Schumarto. In the dices of Galveston Houston were as to Schumarto worked, Monsignor Frank H. Rossi, the chancellor of Hardom, and Bishop Joseph A. Fierrensa declined to comment saying they wanted to protect his confidentiality's former employee. Does that make any sense? No. And that Gonzalez Taylor, Schwartz, the director of communications for the dices said she had worked with Mr. Schumarto and considered him a friend but the chin others had no idea he was carrying such a burden until soon before he left. Robert is a very good man. He was a very valued employee here. She said, we were heartbroken devastated when we learned from him what happened. Mr. Schumarto 44 said he still struggled not to feel ashamed about what happened when he was 15 and the newly elected president of the Catholic youth organization for the laces of Austin. He was invited to a convention of the Texas Catholic Conference in San Antonio and he said did not raise questions whether Reverend Dan Delaney, director for youth ministry for the Austin dices arranged for them to share a hotel room. That night, Mr. Schumarto said he woke to find Father Delaney on top of him, masturbating him. Mr. Schumarto said he ran into the hallway, the priest never mentioned the matter he said. Mr. Schumarto said he soon told James Reese the lay youth minister at Sacred Heart Parish in Austin who listened sympathetically and then sexually abused him on several occasions. That's the story from New York Times. How do you like that? That's great. He says there's still pay and hardball because of the fact that the spotlight was shining upon him for a while there, right or they're expressing more sympathy and compassion in public, but behind the scenes they want to keep it under wraps, under the gowns, under the dresses that they're wearing, under the covers. How do you like this? Put that Michael Jackson print the shame. Oh yeah, he's a piker. Man, I'm saving this one. I'm going to put it on our website for tomorrow. Can you believe that? I believe it. And like he says, they've only, well, he, perforasing. They only scratch the tip of the iceberg, man. There's thousands and thousands and thousands of these stories that are going on and a lot of people already are dead already committed suicide. And they'll never talk because it's embarrassing to say the right least. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lungate. A tremendous response on that democratic debate yesterday and the contenders that were taken a pull on. So far, 1099 Clark 86. Nobody can beat Bush 20.3% 62 out of 305. And the rest are small potatoes. Sharpened 16, carry 11 dick, him, hard six, and where six, and almost the bronze got four Dennis Cassinins 3 and Julie, we're missing only got a small pair. Uh oh, Sarans reported the coalition command controller. We have two largest splurgenes heard in Baghdad in the evening, Baghdad time. You know the court action. Well, that's it. Well, couldn't have been, I mean, they don't know. See, this was what always happened. There's explosion going on. And then we'd like wait for now. Did you see this video of Glenn Campbell? No. Oh, oh my god. Hey, is she? Yeah. What is the safety of the SEC? With baseball, police. Oh man. He's seen better days. He looks like a rhinestone cowboy to me. Rind stone. Rind stone to cowboy. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, how are you doing? Good. All right. Quick question for you. What has eight balls and three two? Okay. Quick question for you. When are you going to grow a brain? You're going to get one? No. Somebody stole it. They call a police. The brain police. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Where I got a lot of old headlines here. We were smoking a little while ago. And I guess that we ran out of material. At least the smoking kind. Here's a call from Mahalee Wood. Hello? Yes, sir. You know, the bushing follow the money. You know, it works in every case. Yeah. Follow the money. Uh-huh. Except, bushing's money is well protected by the money. The president and the president. Okay. Listen. This time you have a good bowel movement. Call us up and let us know how it all came out. Wow. How do you like that? Is that incredible? Well, it's a Thanksgiving week. How already exhausted the living and breathing audience. We had a pretty good couple hours there. Now, noon to two, like all go and downhill. We don't really care because guess what today is the 25th deal. What that is for some of us. It's payday. Oh. Yeah. Got a big fat one. And a check, too. Maybe that's what your phone ring and maybe that's what that was. What was that? Your paycheck. What does that mean? Why would my phone ring? Your paycheck showed up. What would that be? Oh, I, it's not a special package kind of thing. I thought they made a major production when they sent you. I'd pay the paycheck doesn't come here. Oh, that's right. Yeah. He's yours. Let's look at all the bag. I'm broadcasting for my house in plantation. A lot of these assholes out there. I think that I'm broadcasting in Toronto. See, you've got a lot of these assholes out there. I think that I'm broadcasting in Toronto. See, you just can't keep a super easily person you know. Sorry. Big mouth. How do I how do they think I was at the Appanter Shabers game last night? How must be traveling back and forth and I spend my own private jet like Michael Jackson your commuting? I'm a commuter. Twenty seven past noon is five sixty WQN big big news. How that potty act GMC is now auto city potty act GMC of Pinecrest. Our good friend Tom Limit is sold a dealership to Lamberto Perez of auto city beauty of the city. He's a good guy. Stop by auto city potty act GMC of Pinecrest for great Neil Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock. Take advantage of auto city potty act you see. You know I'm going to say how it here sooner or later. Take advantage of 0% financing for up to 72 months or save up to nine grand would rebates and incentives. You heard right the Neil deals still go on at the brand new auto city potty act GMC of Pinecrest and there's still not same fabulous location where to have been doing it for 35 plus years. 134-01 South Fixie Highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more info on his special deals just call the Neil Rogers Neil hotline tool free. 1-3-4-4-42-11. That's 1-4-8-5-3-4-4-4-4-11. No friggin all offers are submitted to credit approval. See the folks at auto city potty act GMC of Pinecrest for details. The brand new and still the same fantastic deals auto city potty act GMC of Pinecrest low prices without the high pressure. 5-6-5-6-6-5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6 Pervy remembers the working conditions at CNC music factory. Every two fucking seconds that fucking horrible woman's voice comes over to PA. And believe me, we were supposed to get moving a shit-hand-less act of fucking son of a f***- platter. Workers at CNC music factory were expected to pump out 120 beats per minute, 11 hours a day, until someone came up with a hit song. Noe-e-en-pain was the shrill demanding voice would stroke them on. Oh, they did with contact! But Neurine has deep regrets about the way the workers retreated. But the aptly titled, Gunna Make You Sweat, was not the only hit that CNC music factory produced. Oh, that piece of shit! My best friend had to die to make that crappy song. Pervy recalls the day things that make you go hmmm was produced. For a little Sammy, he got caught in a sampling loop on the synthesizer belt and he, oh, it was blood everywhere. He was a simple man, he just wanted to buy food and clothing for his wife and their 14 disabled children. Oh god, I hope you're happy out there, knowing a good man died so you could listen to a f***-damn song! You bastard! Nooo! The CNC music factory. People getting paid next to nothing to turn out a useless piece of crap. Not that different from your job really is it. It's a big juicy, stopping with look at show business tonight, uninside the mind. But 44 at 5.60, nobody can come in just to make everybody feel better. The Michael Jackson and the vigils, the Kent Light vigils, the hell over the weekend. Wasn't just in the US it was all over the world, including here in Toronto, right at the Dundas Square, they had a bunch of assholes. Doesn't it make you feel better to know that there's assholes all over the world? Yes it does. This is an excellent fact. Says, hey Neil, I want to thank the good Christian David for sending me straight. I thought Jesus preached about peace loving the, well that the love of money is the root of all evil. I mistakenly thought Christ spent all his time on earth ministering to the poor sick and the children. I completely missed a part of the gospel that describes how Christian should get high paying jobs, so they can drive BMWs, live in four bedroom houses and pay taxes to a government so it can bomb the scum of the earth. Thanks David for all your love and God bless us all. And by the way, I want to add my own comment to that David, I hate you like poison and your ilk. How do you like that? I don't love you. I don't like you. I can't stand you and if it was like right for real, uh, facts. I hate you like poison and wish you something horrible would happen. Oh, he's for real. You sure? Positive. I can feel it. Can you feel, can you feel the love? Mm-hmm. Five six. I call it a five six. The pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call from Miami, Lake. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. You know how long I've waited to say that. Yeah, I'm sweaty. I don't really care how long you waited. Wait till health reasons over, asshole. See, we're down to the dredge now. We're down to people that never leave. See, I was thinking about this the other day when it comes to holidays. It happens every year. The dredge are always there because they're lifeless. They got two nickels to rub together. And so they never go out of town like most other people. They're always there. Rub it in. Oh, I'm a surfer. We can always depend on those people to be there with us. Who the hell is will you be talking to yourself? Like on Friday when you got all four hours. Oh, I'm playing long stuff. Crepitation contest. Lots of tunes. Darya. Sure. 323 votes. Which Democrat a contender do you think has the best chance to be George W. the abortion 2004? How are 1017? Wesley Clark 90. Nobody can be pushed 6419.8%. Al Sharpton 18, John Kerry 13. Dick Abhardt 6, John Edward 6, Carol Mosley, Braun 4, Dennis Cassett III, and Julie Rubin's got a small pair. Oh, but he has circumspect. Yeah, this fort Myers, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, we're out of Michael. You are so okay. I'm really happy for him. By the way, next time, make sure you put that thing a little bit closer to the fall. Yeah. He's got a cozy on it. 5670560, pound 560. We were just to dispense with a calls because I see line nine is ringing. Here, it's got to be our friend again. QAM, crankline. How's it going, Neil? Okay. Is this you? Is this the idiot? No, I'm not the idiot. Are you just another idiot? I'm just one of your other idiot. Oh, where you coming from? I'm calling from the Neonapolis. Oh, okay. But Neil, yes. What did I ever do? No, I never do. Oh, I'm not saying, I know it. I know it. Oh, I see. Didn't even have any, usually he does like a little prepous, a little prelude. He didn't even have a material to like build up to it. But they, but even on Thanksgiving week, you see, they just, they're all there. Each and every one, they're all there. The day that I sit here and believe you me, oh, oh, can't come soon enough for the last show. The last show. You just wait. Just wait. Do you think I'm taking any calls on that day? No, call the say farewell to Neil and wish him well that his retirement would not be something. You miserable side of my bench. You know, finally we're ready to do that. All right. And at that point, a lot of there will be a lot of suicides on that day. I'll give it to you. I'm starting to be a massive massive, the first time I announced it. I'm third man. Easy, in the first few minutes. We're going to buy you guys. Often themselves. Where are we going to do now? Where are we going to do? Who are we going to call and fix your hat? I think they should all do it at the same time. Like in the orange bowl. Have a big one fire and like a solid. With the women party, right? With them in it. Right. All the negative. All the heat mongers, all the chronics, all the lifeless assholes who tried their best to make our lives miserable these 28 years that I've been in this market. Almost 28. It's been great. But it's getting late. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, good to see you. How you today? Pretty good, Mr. Caller. How are you? Yeah. I agree with you that maybe push should be replaced. But I think it would be more important to change the balance of power and Congress in the Senate. Yeah. Okay. I mean, the president basically is more or less just to figure head. No, the president is not a figure head. Sir, why would you say that? This, this, this, this Medicare bill that they is overhaul a Medicare. They passed today. Who the hell led the way for that? Who pushed for it and who orchestrated? Who's behind it? Who, who is the one who's in power or help us with this a rack attack? Who is behind that? Was that Congress that done at Congress just gave him a blank cheque. Sir, and you are all said. See, you, I thought you people want to be suitable in lecture. We'll talk about the balance of power, the checks and balances. You're right. That's what they said not to eat Germany too. We can just get some good people in there in the rack stock. Then maybe Hitler won't get so carried away, you know? And now what they said, it's not like that. I like saying that the rack stock. Man, there's something just that the whole German language is just something. You know what I mean? I mean, there's Indian history's like an industrial, but in German as a... Like that. I've got the real hussie. Do I understand the stop-o-king strike of every round? They're a stop-o. Oh, it's just something about it. Something virulent. Anyway, it's a 20-till-one at 5-60 WCM. We've got, I'll tell you what they've talked about. A lot of great intellectuals today. That's what we like about the Neil Rhybner shows. We've got, like that, a good representation, a good cross-sectionist on Florida, American General. You know the General, Wesley Clark. Right. Retired. I think you ought to get with it, man. I like that. He's not perfect. I'm not waiting for perfect, man. I can't wait for me and got it. I'm not even waiting for dynamic or sensational, because when you look back, take a look. Take a look back to Reagan, okay, who was just a... A waxed-over movie actor when the vuster-brown shoe polish was here. Right, but he was polished. He was polished. Slatheur's helmet memorized a good script, and speech. Point and deliver. And then we had Winty Bush won. We'd be at weed-modelips. I mean, he was just scary, of course he's a former director of the CIA, and good business partner, the Bin Laden's. And then we had Baba, which to be honest with you, we, you know, we like him a lot now in retrospect, but the fact that a matter is, would have however heard a Bill Clinton before 92, right? Not me. To now have a herd of them. Nobody. Former Governor of Arkansas. I mean, most people in Arkansas, you've picked your spend and played at their time at a bee'slies, and that kid would abandon you up in the tree, picking it up, and the banjo too. And the other people are contented. Look at the choice, his water, mind, Dale, Michael Duke, caucus, Kaka, a man who came up to Bush-1's knee. I mean, what do you expect? He could have stepped on him in squash to look. Does he have a cup of water? He can't. I'm very tough on crime. He were laughing at him. He was a clown. Bob Dole with his one hand. Yeah. I mean, what are we talking about? And Bush and Gore? Bush and Gore could have been. Maybe that's why I was so damn close. That could have been one of the worst choices in history. In history. I mean, even some of the people lost in landslide like George McGovern, at least he's a great senator and a good guy. And all these things, it's just that he was a had no chance. Plus George has got the personality of a dead man. Kind of like Don I'mus. Hey, no. Well, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 1242 at 560 WQA. I'm telling you right now, if you feel like Don I'mus in the morning like dead when you wake up. Maybe your mattress is trying to tell you something. Maybe it's your back that's telling you something. The mattress has had it. It's lumpy. It's worn out. It's served its purpose. And now it's time to replace him. Well, if that's the situation with you and your back, here's the answer. A great new name brand mattress at a very affordable price from our good friends at Dottom Actress. The mattress industry as you may know is loaded with phony claims and shell games a lot of BS, but a Dottom Actress is no false promises, no bait and swish, just great unbeatable this comprises every day in a brand name. You know, and love now, including even, Stearns and Foster Hewitt. When you call Dottom Actress, you still get to pick the day in time for delivery. It's sensational. Any to our window, you name it, you choose it. You pick it. Seven days away from 8 a.m. until 10 p.m. Just ask Wilson pick it. I've been sleeping on a Dottom Actress for years in Georgia's doing it in Bokeb Ryan and Fat Boy. And I'll guarantee you for what would be doing it right now. He wouldn't have got cancer soon. Here's the deal. Pick up that full make one easy call 1800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES. They come. They show up on time. They take away the crappy smelly old soil vetting. They set up your brand new and an extra charge. And you'll be sleeping as soon as tonight. If you make the call now, would it be a small one your push for years to come. Believe me, the way you feel all day long. It depends on what you get a good sleep at night. So call 1-800-MATress 1-800-MATT-RES or check them out online at MacRest.com. I left off my list already great the servants who are American. No rocket scientists. Danny Quail. And don't worry about my keys. The magic. Dark and sour. Just like our suits. With our motto. And I can't leave you. We will don't man. I'm a tall man. We will don't man. We will win the old man. Now we'll progress. We'll run the show. We'll get in the box. We just say no. We'll go out there. Don't try to fight. We'll make my call up. Or build the land. We'll run and hear. Don't go out, stand as cold. With just his hips. And fall from side to bottom. We'll get in the box. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. oh. Oh. Publicating at 5-60 W DU audiences. The tremendous response on the Biggesterimo. There were many Cause we had a post. It was Nationalihadists. Republicans because they're motivated there. They're like, gung-ho-man, they're rabid. They're forming, they're frothing at the mouth. They got their hands on a baby that aren't looking like go of it. As opposed to the rest of the public was just kind of, I don't know if like that. You know, they don't give a crap about nothing. No matter how many people don't matter how long the crap goes on, no matter how many lies give revealed. If it's just like the story I read about it from the New York Times there about this guy who was a molested as a child. It doesn't make any difference what it is. There's no shock value left in anything no mole. And love was an end of shame, you know, as opposed to those sons of bitches, I'm not giving them another time ever again. You know, something like that. It just doesn't happen. Here's a call from Boca, hello. Yeah sir. Yes. Um, there's something video you see in it? No. Okay. Um, this week and I was on a website and I got the whole thing for free. Yeah. Well, congratulations, sir. Free. That's the awkward award. What the other one want to see that bitch for? Uh-huh. Oh, speaking of that. Speaking of porn, I was just thinking of myself because you want to see on the Fudge Report, Miss Fudge? Oh, just squeezing herself today. But a big headline, the GDP. Wow. Let me just take a look at it again. I can't believe the headline. Oh, yeah. There's a picture of a smiling bush 8.2%. Oh, what a picture of a smiling bush with a big basmer. Uh, you know, Miss Fudge just uh, just because of the fact that GDP went up a 22% order. Quarter. And things are coming up. Rose is everything's looking good for his boy George. How does it go? Well, don't miss Fudge when you're sitting there. Yankin on your pod watching your Jeff Straker gay porn. Oh, video. How do you feel yourself no one that you're to hear of the and and tithuses of what you're all about, huh? It must make you feel really good, Miss Fudge. You self-hating faggot. You little flamer down around a beach. God. David Brock, like I said, had the balls to come out to put an end to all of his hypocrisy. Okay. When's it going to happen, Miss Fudge? Are you having too much of a good time with Anne Coater? That's Sanky bitch. God, just makes me want a puke. Yeah, along snowflake. Do you see that? No. Yeah, you did the little albino. Oh, the albino. Oh, the albino. Yeah, yeah, the albino 8. We had the great bait. Now we have the albino 8, but unfortunately snowflake died. You put albino 8 and then Jeff high walked into the room. Oh, there you go. He died. Jeff high died? Not yet. Well, let's have a party. Oh, he's a good boy. What's he doing in there during the show? Is he bothering Josh? Josh is sweating up a storm. I guess that he's in a training. Okay. He's training. He's running a training bra. He borrowed one from Doreen. Yeah. Oh, my God. I must have had to cut that in half. He's got his head in one of them. And she got her anson it. 567. Oh, 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. One thing about Doreen. She's all back home part. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. First time long time. Okay. What? I watched a program last month, one time or one of those other news programs. And it was a story about a man and a woman who got divorced in the woman was saying that her son and her young daughter, a young son, were both molested by this man. Now he went to she took him to court, got to the horse. He went to prison. They had the kids up on the stand. He did prison time. Go back out. Went through the court system to get his children with supervised on the weekend. Right. Now after that, he by she accused him again said the kid came home and said he was touching them inappropriately. Now he went back into court and the psychologist gave him a brand new text that they have with a riser that shows the images that put up to a computer that or something similar to a lie detector. But this one has a band that is put around the penis. And they sat in there and they drove through three or four hours of showing different visual images. Yeah, they were once we're going to show them this punch pretty soon over there on the beach. Well, they say that they fell with 99.9 accuracy. Right. What will turn you on? Right. Why is the hell just something to do this with Michael Jackson and get done with this business once and for all? It is not beautiful. Because that doesn't prove anything just because he might be excited or roused by does me prove he did anything. No, nothing proves that he did anything that would prove that she got turned on by watching little children naked. Well, we already know that. Where we are. We are going to know that. We are going to know that. We don't know and it has to be proved in court. This would prove him one way or the other. If he did it, send him up the river. Okay. And do it. He's off the hook. Okay, Palli. Come to me. I think I wanted to put Michael Jackson's penis into that thing. Um hmm. Samadhar. Right. Man, of course, they already checked out the first time in 93. Don't you remember, don't we still have that cart somewhere? That might be another. The Michael Defendants. Oh, no. It is. Uh, I am guilty of anything. It is of giving all that I have. All that I have to give my. My brother. My brother. My brother. My Lord, torso. Right. Um, in any other error that they want it to help children all over the world. All right. He's spreading it around. Here's Parkland. Hello. Parkland. Hello. You're on a show. Yes, sir. Pretty good. Hey, did you just say that the Republicans were done, though? Yes, they're done. Oh, hey, um, I called for a couple of reasons. First of all, he was a former leader of Vietnam. I believe South Vietnam. But he was assassinated, right? Yeah. Um, you said there's no outrage. Well, I got outrage this morning and I tore up my AARP card and let him know to cancel my membership. Oh, right. Why? But talk about stabbing your own people in the back. And of course, they sold out. They said they got paid off by the pharmaceutical companies. Everybody knows that. No question about it. Um, the herald yesterday had an excellent column by Leonard. It's not I know if you happen to see it, but it was funny because what it said is George Bush and O. J. Walk into a bar. That was the beginning of it. And basically what it was saying about what how neither one of them has any credibility. If you have the chance, look online on their website. I think you would like it a lot. Okay. The other thing I want to mention is that, um, we were talking about the the poll today in regard to the Democratic contenders. Um, I think Michael Jackson has a better chance of winning the presidency than June Evernon. And the one candidate who better than any can help the defeat George Bush is George Bush. Yeah. Well, he's going to help a job. But he's working on it feverously. Let's hope he keeps up the good work. Oh, I'm sure he will take care of a great day, Pally. Have a great holiday. It is the fact that says if West Clark gets an nomination yesterday, made Bush, will he have to dumb down and sound like a good old boy to compete? Hey, I'll tell you if he's as fiery and as uh, worked up as he was yesterday. If they pop on a couple of agres, he'll talk Bush into the ground. It says after all he was a roadscalor. He's been all over the world. But of course, Clint was a roadscalor too. Yes, he was. And was also an outstanding speaker. It says this cowboy of a president who had never been to Europe all of his life until he stole the White House must appeal to many Americans who would like to elect a drinking buddy and celebrate weight. Well, I educated not getting a college because of his father man. West is from the south so we may have a shot even though he's a man of the world the real world that is. Hey, so Mark and saw. He's a good old boy. Even if we don't talk like that, he don't talk like Baba. He's sure he's how to don't talk like Al Gore and Tennessee. Lock, I think he's got a shot. I really do. Hey, I don't know. See, I like Dean. If I had to choose his my favorite candidate would be Howard Dean. But do I think Howard Dean got the best chance to win? No. See what I'm saying? Well, stick in both on there. There's a nice ticket. Yeah. What you. Yeah. Clark with Dean. Either either work. No. You're not listening to what I'm telling. I heard you. You're not listening. You're not listening. And I think attention. You're not go stepping and not letting it. Attention, sigg, highly okay. Get that arm at that 45 degree angle. Yes, sir. Sing, high. He said that when you're done saying that. Yeah. Well, you got to cover all the bases. Prop 57 at 560. How, tell you, Katrina's cover all the bases. She's already lost four pounds last week on balance for like, and she just started. And one thing we love about Katrina, not only she a very nice person, a sweetheart, but we know that she's dedicated. Losing the weight and she'll do it. She's not going to screw up and embarrass us all. Like somebody. I don't want to mention the base. Who embarrassed and humiliated no matter how many times I went for back for that to bat for that public crap. He just kept falling off the wagon. Could you wonder why? Was he a spoiled little rich, uh, dickhead who doesn't really care about being fat. He hasn't here. He's a spoiled and as opposed to Katrina who's a sweetheart and wants to lose the weight and you can't do the way she's doing it with balance for life. They make it so simple that even you folks can do it. That's right. There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, nothing to worry about. They deliver a black sack to your door every day. It's the best sack you ever got your hands on. Because inside is all the food you need to keep you full happy and the satisfied all day long and healthy too. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are in there. Nothing frozen. Nothing pre-fat, no chemicals, no additives, no garbage, just fresh delicious meals and you choose between two alternatives. Reach me every day to turn the program. It's only coming unless you do that. You fill out a menu once a week and they get the great food to you by six o'clock every morning. So if you're tired of being a big fat slob, if you're tired of being a thergic, having absolutely no energy or diabetic or close to it, let balance for life finally. Help you lose that weight and get it back in good shape again. You'll start seeing results on at scale in just a matter of days when you call balance for life at 954-5683229. 954-5683229, or on the web, it's balanceforlife.com. Oh, this is odd, it's not a tomb, it's the one, the two hour. Are you confused? Lonely, drifting through life without a reaction on the, what a talk to you about an exciting career as an Episcopal Bishop. You see the flashy hat and robe are just the beginning. There's the glitz glamour plenty of TV coverage and a personally autographed 8 by 10 of RB Firestein with every archdiocese. Commandment, Commandment, we think of the more is a suggestion. I mean, 10 Commandments are 5, but if you can bat 300, it's fine with us. Catchings an option too. Or if you're into this week's science of boxing, you can always beat the bishop. Now if you're thinking, hey, I'm not a piscobal, how can I be a bishop? Don't worry, we have two bishops that are Muslim, 5 atheists and a Buddhist bishop, the letter rubber's belly for good luck before you play bingo down at St. Latoya's. Join us. The few, the proud, the color coordinated, Episcopal bishops. 102560, do you ever come to see these blasts in Baghdad? Yeah. There are in a green zone, but you're of course on QIM, they don't understand what that means. If it's the red zone, then they'll have to do with football, but the green zone they don't know from. I thought that was for loading and unloading only. New the Iraqi Ministry of Information is where the hell I was. It's astounding. And I was like, who cares about that? The back to the GDP again. See, they don't know what the hell it was all about. So every now and then I'll show us a picture of Baghdad. And there's like a little smoke off in the distance. And there's like there's blowing some more smoke up your butt. And that's it. MSNBC has it on. Oh, do they really? Did they give it to us the MS? I don't know. I'll somebody's got a watch. From our today, of course, the C.P. US administrator, he said that there's been a change in strategy by the insurgents that they're targeting the Iraqis more than they are the Americans. Now let me play for you just a little clip of what Paul Bramer had to say. The former regime loyalists and jihadists have always pursued a policy of intimidation. They have failed to intimidate the coalition. They have now begun a pattern of terrorizing innocent Iraqis in an effort to drive them away from the goal. They share with the coalition the democratic Iraqis. The ones that the coalition didn't kill and lay in name in the injure. I guess they're taking care of them now. Right. We're not terrorizing civilians over there. No. Thank goodness for that. Five six. We're just saying that good Christian love. So we can wipe out all the scum of the earth. That fact. I should have framed it. We should have kept that. I know which I like better. I have one or destroyed that I copied out of the times. He keeps vaccine back by the way. I'm saying, what is he saying about if our first he was impressed that I could quote Jesus, which by the way, no more. I want to get all his misses. I find him most amusing because amusing and pathetic and dangerous in spirit all at the same time. All of these things. Here we go. Here we go. The best animal on the planet. See now George has got this dialogue going back and forth with his good, the professional goi out there. What the hell is the truth? I'm not leaving the me, okay? Leave them to me. I just threw him away after that. Don't do it. But I'm censoring your faxes. I thought you're tired of him. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, the horror. Yes, sir. Great. I just wanted to tell what to debate too. And look, I kind of like our dean. I'd very much agree with you. But I think it would be quite an end to debate with George Bush. I've heard that knowledge. The Westwood Clark was, you know, the Supreme Allied Commander. Right. And he during work with NATO, he managed to stop one of the most terrific Holocaust since the Second World War. 800,000 people still died. And sort of with 37,000 American sorties over the, you know, former Yugoslavia and no not one pilot died. Now, uh, I hate that way, but I'm trying to follow you said he did one in the Second World War. No, I said that's what you said. Now, I said that the word of the Second World War ended 1945. So I said, he would have been about 80. No, I said the worst Holocaust. No, you said the World War. Well, what was done? You know, the Serbs in, uh, in the early 1990s and mid 1990s. And finally Clinton had to do something. And then when he sent Wesley Clark over there to be, you know, Supreme Allied Commander. Yes, yes, he sent that. Don't you see the staff? Right. They got very upset. He could do it. Because he, uh, because he's local, right. Oh, my god, five, six, seven, five, 60. I'm going to go back to the Michael Jackson stories. Count five, 60. I'm waiting for these facts. Just to start puke and in here from David. We can get a real good course, Montesquen back and forth. Maybe we can save him from his Christian, uh, fairy tale. By the way, David, it's bailin who you're talking about. And I know more about the Bible than you do. Oh, yeah, you're messing with a wrong guy. He's star mess with George on and biblical crap. George knows his crap. In fact, it could be asked me sometimes he's full of it all this morning. We got rid of some. And then some during the show. I did want to go in along. Well, we're going to, by the way, if moms listen, you'd be pleased to know George didn't have a B M for three days. But I made up for it because I had three today. Okay. I'm very, from pressed. Look at the way he spells is Impressed. I MPRESTED Impressed it that you quoted Jesus Christ on the show. God spoke through a donkey, asked in the Old Testament he can even use you on earth. Christian David again, taking a cheap shot. See these are good. David shows what a hateful measure of pastity is, which is the good Christian way. That's right, David. The guy's name was bailin David. This is the answer, facts from Mike. I said I'm a Christian, not my wife. My kind. There was never any name on the other facts. Much less Mike. Maybe they're a Christian, not my wife. She's a Hindu. She's the one with a house in the BMW. I live in a tent in the backyard. So what's on the radio? I can't hear her, but she loves her stuff. Please praise. You'll see. See this is all a joke. You don't get it. It's all a joke. Okay. He lives in a tent in the backyard. Right. That was sarcastic. He's getting a little tense. Maybe he's pitching it. 567.0560. Pound 560. I was going to say something about a pup tent, but I'm not going to do it. Why push you good thing? Well, here's a call from Tampa. Hello. Tampa. Hey. Yes, sir. How you doing, man? Okay. Listen, I was in a day with facts. He's just chaps me and I don't say it. This says, I guess, God's Republican, right? Right. Of course. You all know that? I've got a quick quote to read. Even Russia's got town I'm loaned from God. I've got a quick quote to read you. A general moral instruction without a religious foundation is built on air. Consequently, all threats are training and religion must be derived from faith. We need believing people. That was the original speaker was Adolf Hitler. Right. In 1933. Uh-huh. So it sounds like Bush and the F cross main line. Yeah, but I bet you're hit. We didn't cover up and make it statues. I have a great day, Pally. Thank you. Appreciate it. Okay. Oh, I asked God. He'd have been in good with a bone wouldn't. Oh, man. He'd have been the leader of the SS. Oh, he'd have put that hungry kind of similar to shame man. God is mid-ones man. God is on our side. That's right. See how? 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. A merry band of Nazis innocent people are dying every day. We got the bombs blasting and they were turning Iraq into a nightmare into like a a total jungle total disarray and the and the public's back is stupid as they are and they buy it. That's what I love this business about well, it's going to cost us so many billion dollars to restore the electricity into the whole country. Well, for crying out loud, it was working before we started when our shock at all. They equipment that picking and this guy's talking about Clinton bombing your rack. What the, what are all of these people talking about? Jesus, K Christ. What's the case, Dan, for Christmas? I thought you were going to say something else. I'm not talking about her now. Oh, are you bringing to reading this again? No, I heard a name that was written for school. Here's Val Harbor. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? You left me hanging there like George. I didn't quite get the but Neil. What would be by that? When you said with a K, I didn't I didn't get it. I didn't. No, George said, uh, we were with a K. Oh, you ever heard of Jesus K, Christ? He shops at Kmart. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Neil, I'm calling. I'm not, I'm something I'm disagreeing or agreeing with you. I don't care. Why do you just say something? I don't care. I don't like Aslok. Is that like somebody has got, you know, Yes, sir. That's why I don't think people are standing up. Neil. Why is this? Because this is a different generation. I'm like the generation of Vietnam and people. I wanted to stand up and go against where they thought was more. But that's my generation. Those are the baby boomers. Where the hell are they now? How come they all lost their voice? They lost it. Neil, this generation is the kind of watches TV and if something is taken away their buzz or their height, they'll just change a channel. Oh, see and then just stole my line. They put Ryan Stone to cowboy on a front of the Glenn Campbell picture. You ask holes. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. And I think it's just different generation. Neil and people here just have to change a channel and they pretend those are exist. That's right. You're right. You're oblivious. How else can you explain the fact that all of this crap is going down and the public sits back and it just buys into it? They're oblivious. It's trying to TV off and go shopping out the nearest mall and they get over it. And especially now. Especially now. So let's just spend all of our interest in meaningful things selected. Neil, in the other thing, I think the only way that Clark can really be bush is if sometime already next year Hillary did join together in Clark becomes the vice president. I don't see anyone else knocking them off. I should probably put Hillary on it. But see, I mean, she's not running. I want to put people who are running. Sure run. I gave her by maybe February March. Sure run. I'll vote for. All right, Neil. Okay. Thanks. I wouldn't be happy about it because I don't have any idea what her qualifications are. I mean, so she's a senator and she was ready to a president that we all like. But with boy else. She's a lawyer. She's willing to, you know, she's not a perfectionist. She understands that people have flaws. She's willing to look the other way when her husband's getting blow job. Right. What's wrong with that? It's a mighty white ever. Well, and she's the vice princess. We don't have to worry about her screwing around with any guys. She looks good the plus dikes her in these days. Was hard to miss in the autumn of 1970. He was a hard drinking cardially, accomplished thief and a con artist, one of my criteria for any relationship. I was no misarchant saw. I was very, very ugly. A dog. I had never met anyone like him. And we went for a long walk that turned into our first date. As we walked he complimented my long flower pattern skirt and pulled it off. I gasped. He leaned over and said to me, Hillary, I want to do it. I thought to myself, hello, Bill and I ended up in the kitchen. Then we lifted up the skirt, over and over again. He went nuts. Soon I was flat on my back, on and under tables. It was quite a sight. I was delighted. By the time the event ended, I could hardly stand. Then at twilight, Bill asked me to marry him. Absolutely not. I replied. I would rather have had a rude canal. Oh! What kind of date is fond of a collective with a best chance again in the next 30s? Various esteem years have never cheated. What kind of date? You're not be defeated with your help. I know she can win. So vote for Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton. She's got the guts. She's got my her man. What she can do? No one can. She's gone. And a lawyer to just think of all the laws. She'll push me. Get out that fall and write in. For Hillary, Hillary Clinton, her name's Don't the risk that's true. But he ain't the luck and that book has tried on you. You're the kind of date. Fine, I'll keep you. But I'm not half the fine as Hillary, but I'll be. Hillary, Hillary Clinton, ticket to Great Political, why's it just the reed? Who asked on your huggers to just like Hillary, a male to plea a patch up and even for Rome and next to Hillary Clinton, you're all out show. But her leave what up in. Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton, Paying child double L. A. R. Y. Hillary, Hillary, she's our guy. You're a great state of our good and soft. She looks like you've got off the set of L. A. Lock the back totally cold by me. So vote for Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton. You go girl. Anyway, it's one nineteen to five sixty WM now. You notice that we get that still shot the night shot night vision in Baghdad. Right. But I still am wondering how come it is now that we've got everything under such great control. And of course the combat ended in May. Pretty well presented the combat part of the war was over. Why are we getting like on a regular basis? Live TV from Baghdad. Why are we are we are we are we not? Because you just said it. We have everything under control now. Oh, is that it? I thought maybe it was because they didn't want us to see what was really going on. Exactly. Oh, here is a fact that says hello Neil and George. You only reckon described the way I feel about the American public and then in gigantic letters. I see dumb people. And you say what? Hey then. Big big loaders. I see dumb people. Yeah. I see you off a lot of them. Anyway, speaking of Michael Jackson. So they also waited the office of his private investigator. They were looking for these love letters. I guess and also the video tapes. Yeah. And they got Warner Wolf was going to testifying court say let's go to the video tape. But you wouldn't know what that means. Of course not. Jacko no laughing matter. I highly would comedy club owner said yesterday he feels guilty for introducing Michael Jackson to the cancerster can boy who has since charged the pop star with molesting him. Jamie Masada. Yeah. Fondor that name. I'm just trying to think it reminds me of Jorge Posada. Marasi of Tim McCarver who I did test just incredibly. And every time the Yankees be playing a recover be doing a game like in a world series. He says Jorge Posada. It makes me think Tim you're in a little bit extra. Can you make me want to die? Make me want to just just give it all up. Jamie Masada. Fondor of the famed laugh act. We said he realized something had gone wrong when he received an angry phone call from the boys mother several months ago saying something happened. Or do you know what they say don't you? No. What happens? I'm a sadder declined to divulge what the woman said in her angry telephone calls but now Masada fears he may inadvertently have exposed the public. You're avoiding a pervert. I really feel guilty because I was the person to brought them together he told extra. This is in the near clearly news. What would you do if you see a kid who has three to four weeks to live in his wishes to meet Michael? Masada when public after Jackson lost they cyber offensive against the career crippling charges. The allegations are predicated on a big lie Jackson said on his new website. There'll be a show and this will be shown in court and we'll be able to put this horrible time behind this. We'll be able to put it in his behind. Diane Diamond, the court TV reporter who broke the current Michael Jackson scandal says, I absolutely know of the existence of these love letters and she described him this so oscillation. What do you like that salty salty and salacious I just mentioned those in past few something if you don't want to engage in some unsavory act. I would leave a paper trail. Because see when you when you feel led you are above at all when you've gotten off the first time like he did 10 years ago and you feel like you're above at all because you're a superstar you're an icon you're the king of pop. Right. Look at that kind of candle man. Oh get get a haircut Glenn get a new do baby man. He is Schmidt phase. He's drunk. He is drunk. Something like that. He never stole a freight train. Nobody don't like a little bit in Campbell. They caught him before he could get to there. Oh you're just saying crap because you know like kind to music man. Cut the music where it's at baby. Cut the music. Like sunshine. Moon shine and I walk a line. Okay. Right arm and I'm hump at a pork your pine. Oh look happen and fricks. Mobile and Sirus launch contest for anti bush commercial. Here's some good news. Electronic pop supreme. Mobile has teamed up with Jonathan Sirus the son of billionaire George Sirus and launching an internet competition for a TV commercial attacking president George W. Bush. Oh right. The contest called Bush in 30 seconds how many? About 30 man. Is open of the general publicly judged by celebrity panel clothing actors jack black and G. as an e-mail. Oh, how sweet this is. Yeah. Anyone can make it submit a 30 second TV air that somehow based around the truth about George Bush. Mobile right on his website www.mobey.com. You go mobile boy. M.O.B.Y. Mobile.com. Even though his music is a little more gross. I like mobile. You know, Moro's though. 10 emphasis will be sure listed for the judges with a winning commercial. This will be broadcast before Bush's January stood the unit address. I'll write. Do you hear that? That is excellent. The competition is being organized with a help of move on.org the outstanding online advocacy group that helped coordinate nationwide protesting against the war in Iraq. The Iraq attack. Operation Iraqi freedom. Excuse me. For the last three years, President Bush's policies have ransacked the environment. Put our national security at risk, damage to our economy and redistributed wealth from the middle class to the very wealthiest Americans said move on.org's Ellie Pariser. Pariser, whatever his name is. As the 2004 election news, it's crucial. It voters understand why President Bush's policies really are what they are. It's said it went so on. Iced going you go mobile and you go Jonathan Soros. Right. Anything else? We would like to say to Jonathan and probably daddy two George Soros? Long history. 50 million would be good. 560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's our polls. Looking right now. Which democratic content do you think has got the best chance to be George W Bush in 2004? 429 votes. Howard D. 152. Wesley Clark 125. Pretty close. I'll be before you go on. Hey Glenn, we can't read the facts. Is that Glenn and I? Yeah, we can't read the first one. We can't read the facts number five of the same facts. That's why you're not getting it. Oh Glenn. Glenn for my was usually pretty good. That's a lot of facts. But he's a facting a copy of a dark, smeared news. Can't read a Glenn. Thank you anyway, but cut the crap. Howard D. 152. Wesley Clark 125. Nobody can be Bush 20% 86 and even 20% Al Sharpen 20. John Kerry 19 to come out eight. Eight people out there like Dick. John Edward seven. Carol Mosley, Braun, is six. Dennis Cassinach, he went at nasty hairpiece four and Julie Roman II. Who had Dennis Cassinach don't look like a Wesley Clark. Does he have false teeth as well? And also I think a stunt penis. Twenty 26 past one at five six to three. Oh my god. And local. This is for three or two. I thought you stopped. You went too way ahead. Bang in the butt, honey. Don't miss MTV's very special holiday program on newlywed Thanksgiving. Hi, I'm Nick with Shay. And I'm Jessica Simpson. As you know, Thanksgiving is that sacred time of year when we celebrate the birth of Jesus. No, hunts. That's Christmas. It is. I thought Christmas was the birth of Santa Claus. Join Nick and Jessica as they welcome you into their home for their lavish Thanksgiving feast. Okay, look at this beautiful table all full of food. And right in the middle is our giant chicken. Honey, that's not a chicken. You is it, tuna. Emily, wed's Thanksgiving will make you thankful for so many things. Especially the fact that you're not Nicholaj. Every year on Thanksgiving, we share what we're thankful for all those first. I thank all for all those poor buffalo who gave their lives for buffalo wings. And I'm thankful for this pair of six hundred dollars. And what those shoes are six hundred dollars. Relax. That's only four hundred dollars per foot. Now what are you thankful for Nick? I'm thankful there are no guns in the house. Huh? I don't get it. I'm just kidding. Only on MTV. One thirty two five sixty. WDQA and boy to think she's there right across the table from you. Yeah. And to think that I was always ooling about him. No, like a famous. Her hooters were not at scent the size they are now. They are now their famous. They're famous for being a moron and he's famous for being like Murray to a moron. But they grew some. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line. We got the mad dog at two. Humper at the American Airlines. Miami Heat Mickey or San Arena at four. Ricky Wiggum show from the Cleveland or his Dan Lobaster does the rim job at seven o'clock tonight. Eight o'clock. Her coon hotline would Josh Darrow and the beast together again. They're really tight is what I'm hearing. Her coon warm up. Pretend we got UM basketball against the Rhode Island Rams. They're going to be rammed in Vegas. This is a tent that he came for the basketball game. Joe and Mark overnight. Oregon more popular by the minute. Thank you, Romer. I'm hearing it. All right. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, man. I've been waiting on the telephone for so long. I've got one I want to talk about. Somebody Hillary Clinton. You know, I think she's a num not just the cancer bitch. Yeah. It's a bad dog now calling fire. I was okay. Great. She'd be. I wanted to see where he was going with that. No. Okay. All the way to her tassels. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. I want to hear the rest of the story. Wow, bet you did. Call up Paul Harvey. He'll tidy. He's taking a peek. Is that like near the earie canal? I think so. Pretty eerie. Or is it not near the elementary canal? Makeers of the Reagan's bash CBS editing. The director of the Reagan's complaint yesterday that CBS boochered his maid for TV movie, ultimately making a two-inco for the network to air. We were in a sense of banished from the editing process before CBS ditched director Robert Akerman said, no relation to harness racing driver Doug Akerman. CBS decided last month to cancel its movie on a former president's shot again off to show time on cable. Show time will air the filmmakers version on Sunday, whatever's left of it. Produces and stars that movie commented extensively about it for the first time in a conference called yesterday, CBS's decision not to air the Reagan's came after weeks of complaints by fans of the former president that would distort his legacy, CBS president Leslie Moon verse said that, Monday the movie was politically pointed that he would have made the same decision to cancel it even, had there been no public outcry. Right. I was told it was going to be a love story that the politics would be in the background. He said, I didn't feel that was the case and I don't think it was balanced. Just like Ronnie was unbalanced. Neil Merron, Murron, one of the film producers said the filmmaker's only point of view was to humanize Ron Blanansi Reagan. Robert Greenblatt, show time's entertainment president said, Moon based JFK example was ludicrous and species. After Moonverse said that CBS had different standards for movies that would not air for example of film like Oliver Stone's JFK. Greenblatt noted that Moonverse had paid for the movie and had full access to the script and film was being made. The bottom line is when the crash started hitting the fan, that's why he said, oh you got a good pump, we're not going to put that on. And probably got a, you probably got a call from. Director. And I'm really glad. Oh, I invited me here. Well, a Dumbo, Alfredi Newman Jr. Wow, it is scary man. It is a scary. Oh, he's talking about the prescription benefit kicking in 2006. How it benefits him. Yeah, it's going to kick in. He deserves a kick in the, he enhances what he deserves. What he's doing with this country. But again, a lot of people out there and let's take a look at the pool. The only percent say you can't lick bush. 451 votes, which Demoquetta contenders got the best chance to beat Bush in a year from now a little bit less than a year. Howard Dean 159, Wesley Clark 132, no, but he can beat Bush 91, 20%. John Kerry looks really scary, 21. Al Sharpton 20, Dickib Hardy, John Edward 7, Carol Mosley, Bronze 7, Dennis Cassinins for and Julie women still got that tiny pair. Oh, no. I just dropped your facts on the floor. I hope it's good. Oh, it's not a chronic factor. Who says the anti-Christ is here and his name is George W. Bush and you are. Absolutely correct. I'm Medicare reform. After years of meticulous planning, the right wing, now control all three branches ago, but they only control what used to be our free press. And don't forget about most of the radio stations in America, sir. All the good news is that the chief channel is putting another right wing asshole on here on IOD. I'm shocked and dismayed. Right. What a shot. By playing a very patriotic lullaby, they have the country in a deep slumber then I'll free to do their evil doings. The Nazi swastika has been replaced by the precious American flag. It says our only hope is to get out there in vote in 2004, but the elections could be rigged again. Thanks for being a shining beacon in this time of darkness. It says in his so-fi. Well, whatever I can do for you. I just bomb my head and shine my bald spot. So I can do, right? It's a shining beacon. Very important and shine it. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and rise from our list. I don't forget the schedule this week. We got a big dolphin cowboy game in New on Thursday on Turkey Day. Halle, Lua. Since I lucked out, I decided to work on Thanksgiving Day. So George could be with his family on Thanksgiving Day and, you know, do his thing. We're going to have Turkey and him. How do you like this? Since I already celebrated Thanksgiving in Canadian Thanksgiving a month ago. As usual, Canadian Canada way ahead. But anyway, sitting on Friday, George at the end of October, but so I'll be 10 to noon on Thursday. I'm not really sure what I want to do. Maybe just play a bunch of stuff. Maybe tomorrow we'll do all four hours like a regular show and not one of those one or two things. Although, I don't know. We'll see how it goes. We'll play it by rear. Here's the call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey. I'm crying beyond the occasion from Nova Scotia. No, this is Reverend George again. We in Nova Scotia. Okay. Well, I'll drop your ass off and then maybe later on to rest you too. See, now even I'm on whom it's quick as you are. Well, he is your right. You're right. He's just way over the top. Yeah. The shoulders. Next time you shut up as a track by the way, I've let instructions for Dick Findberg and Steve Wolfe have your ass kicked big time. Fat rich and diracle be down. Take care of your ass for no one to be worth a trip to the track. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Maybe you'll show up. Right. Here's the call from Kendall. Hello. Hey. What is it? I think. Yes sir, your phone is really bad. I change our servers. I'll try to call back from another line. I'm in a bad way. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay, no. Okay. I had a question about, uh, you said something last week about this, uh, Canadian broadcast and agency that had a, um, a documentary on the Bush situation. And I try to write it down and they have a 10 with me. Cause you are, please give me that, uh, website, like a final one for me. About the Bush situation, the conspiracy thing. It's on a website. I'm a website. I'm a website. Neil Rogers dot com. Hey. Neil Rogers dot com. Any, I L R O G E R S. Neil Rogers dot com is public conspiracy theories. You just click on the link and it's all right. Therefore, it and have a great thing get a new phone. You know, it's which to a horizon if our user or AT&T or whoever you're like. Right. Right. And you keep the same phone number now and you can take the phone and hold it and shove it down the toilet. And you can like, you know, your wireless phone at home. I think that our old fashion phones are going to be a before too long. Uh, history, you know, oh yeah. Already. It's kind of like our old TV sets, everything is like obsolete. And of course now DVDs. What's the next thing after DVD? Cause, cause I'll tell you if you've got a VCR, which of course we all do. But if you have a VCR, like, look at it lovingly and longingly. Cause that's also just about out. That's the DVDs run their way out. They're saying, like, like, I had that little memory stick that you can drag files to and from. Everyone's going to have their own personal memory storage device. It'll probably be your phone. Uh, like I can use my own phone. And everything that you want will be on there and you won't pay for products. You'll pay for the data. Wow. So in other words, whatever you want, all you do is just stick it. Cause my life and love all this is for you by city. You way too way and. I used to think that I could not be home. I'd say what he'd quite a zoned a storm. I'm now being here as a fast-for-carving feels. As long as grass is on the plate, you can feel it. If I can see it. And I can do it. If I just believe it. And then the char-hates. I'm a big pedophile. I believe I can touch your fire. You can see it on video tape. Don't care more than try to reach. If your time is come home. You see me running through that open door. I'm a big pedophile. Yeah. I'm a big pedophile. I'm a big pedophile. Oh my god, Glenn and I, well, when you stop already this thing about working with idiots, you can't read it. No matter how slow you ask, you can't read the crap. Anyway, can I get back to this please? How are D1 Tuesdays debated Democratic presidential candidates and I will restlessly Clark came in second. That's what it says in the D1 register. D1 into the two-hour gap. The new pool of Democratic caucus goes. He's a little over Dick Gibhardt who has slipped back in a second place while John Kerry Occupy is third. Firmers become pin cushions into baits and Dean handled the poking well. Posting above the free enough I respond to every jad of Kerry or Gibhardt's auto Mr. This is by register political alumnus David Yepsen. I wonder if he's really the kind of buddy Yepsen. Is he still alive? I think he might be. He is. He'll never die. Or did he just die? I don't know. We can't keep track. There's so many people dying all over. We just can't keep track, no more. Anyway, it goes on and says, but if he go ahead of the form, Dean's campaign was Bolstered by a new WH TV pool showing he's open up a 10-point lead over Gibhardt and Iowa. Dean is getting support from 32% likely caucus scores. Gibhardt gets 22%. And a poll taken last month. Gibhardt is some point lead. How do you like that? I'll take says the new numbers are good news for Dean because it's the evidence the campaign is moving again after that early fall low. And after course that statement about the Confederate flag and the pickup trucks and other Yahoo stuff. So there it is. 10-point lead in. What is it? 32-22. And I will. See, I don't have any problem with Howard Dean. I'm just a nervous that he can't win. I'm American loves them in the uniforms, so general Wesley might be these. Oh, so we got two turn around real quick. That's where he's going to put it in those terms. As in who you can who this isn't the time if we're worrying about who do we like the best? Who do we like the best? Who do we like? Okay. And who can win and get these Nazis out of there. That's what it's all about. I don't dislike the general. And I guarantee right now that the right way lunatics. She said. Like that one. Oh, they're peeing in their pants over Wesley Clark. Can you even begin to see him in a debate? Here's the four-star general retired standing there with all his medals and all of a nothing. He'd be weren't that. But nevertheless, it's also blvable against this bumbling buffoon. Who I know to see where he got the lead. For breakfast lunch in a late night snack. Did you see that? He was wearing a military uniform again when he was addressing the dress. Yeah, I see it. I see it in the right. Of course he also brought naked pictures of Brittany. That's what they were cheering to buy. Here's the call from plantation. Hello. Hello, dear. Get a key. Hello. What is it? Sometimes I talk to you. Oh, it's Jeremy Glick. Here's the call from Miami. Hello. Miami, when is this? Going once. Going twice. Going to New Orleans. Going to New Orleans. Here's Miami Lake, hello. Miami Lake? Yes, sir. Amy, how are you doing? Okay. Sunday CBS was a pastination. They were stickin' it to Wesley because at one point he'd said, Oh, don't run, don't run. It's great to the job and then he waffles and turn around. So now he's terrible and I don't know what he's doing. I don't know. Wesley's coming in a little too little too late or something too. I don't know. I think Gene and Grandma think you're right. That would do it. That would do it for me. Yeah. Would that, would that, to Tingle your toes? Sure. And also, I really appreciate playing that art Kelly soon because, let's face it. That guy's fallen off the map. But he's, you know, he's a nice Michael Jackson. Amy. Who are you off to the right songs together? Exactly. And black guys are always praying on little girls and that's somehow. That makes it great. There's a good comment for black guys are always praying on little girls. Oh, thank God we got that in before the show ended, right? Oh, I was really good. Couldn't have gone on without that. Wow. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Oh, man. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. What's up, Neil? How you doing? Pretty good. I don't know if it's been mentioned for the, you know, presidential candidate. And probably the pretty, I think, let's go back. Back where you probably haven't heard this name in a coup and saved. Nick Novara for president. Took out the crack dealers. Remember? Good guy. Wow. He took out the crack dealers. And he gave all the supply to this guy. Just like Oprah. He's got a big, break them. Crack problem. 560, 50560. Three of those yours. Oh, my God. You ain't in. He's going away. Navarro. He's a cause of so much grief and sorrow. He has today. Navarro. Navarro. He's leaving. Navarro. Navarro. He's just a good step by a way. That's good. The little Easter world. We'll be exploding to dumb at people kill. With the gas that we sold him. First time a crusher nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea. The new thirtows you never will write queen is filling it over and over it too hard. That Iraq has some. Vampins of past destruction. Oh. Three thousand people killed. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit him and stand. Eight. There's oil to be causing. Going after some down to play Kato's summer. There's no longer mention of. The name is loaded. But no one seems concerned all. I'm being complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel of administration. Back controls us by fear through me and the manipulation and the right wing is filling it over and over it too hard. That Iraq has some. Weapons of past destruction. Oh, we're fine. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ash drop is saying. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying. I know beauty and cattle don't have any reserve issues. Bought up provoked Babylon. World of the Niolicians. Old regime's must fall and hammered in itself with no objection at all. Till the crackstone have the falls and the right wing is filling it over and over it too hard. For rain washed hands. Iraq has some. Weapons of past destruction. Oh, only Iraq has some. Weapons of past destruction. The offensive of the back of the late 60s when we had all the protests on college campuses. And state. All across America. That was like we did the beginning of the end for Lyndon Johnson. And of course the peaceful will start by a bunch of people. At that time we're considered to be anti-American, Comi, Pinto, Jane Ronda, John by as all these people. And then guess what, turn out they were right. Huh. And I just came up with the answer to how you get the younger generation. At least the male younger generation involved. Maybe the female too. In the political system and the bus going out in the world today. You know what it is? Say five letter word. Okay. D-R-A-F-T. Oh yeah. All of a sudden you see people who think that this is also very amusing. And don't really affect them when they're lives out. All their sex and drugs and rock are rolling. Oh holy crap. Wait a minute. Holy Schmidt. You see what I'm saying? Somebody close that window. I feel a draft. Yeah, I feel a draft coming. I feel a bitter chill. Pill, chilling. 488 votes which Democratic contender do you think's got the best chance to be George W. Bush in 2004. This Nazi regime. Howard Dean 176. Wesley Clark 143. No one can be Bush 94.19.2% shame on you. John Kerry 24. Al Sharpen 21. Dick Gebhar, we got eight people for Dick. Carol Mosley, Ronnie, John Edward 7. Dennis Cassinins 5. And Julie Roman 2. You see, give her probably would have a better chance. You only problem is you did it with so many morons out there across the hinderlands. Then in America most people don't know Dick. Bye bye bye. We'll get you under show. I'm five. We'll get you in. I'm four murderers. What?