And it's a bad thing for a game 3 and 4 and it's time to open up my ass via Neil of course Because I'm not allowed to anymore Neil is there any change you could help me with my balls I'm decided we're gonna play this on the crossover redeemer because you can't do it in your time full-pletter my show You Well mine it's all me he just made my day son my time I'm going out there to see this about that gropey and Anthony Oh, that is great 757 thousand dollar fine. The only problem is infinity and via comments like pocket change Yeah, but you know what they should do is make both at Oslo most bad Yeah, you know something interesting about this story which I'm sure you probably know because you were working there But the guy from the couple I was having a sex in the church Brian Florence he died I know he dropped dead of our heart attack, so that's what happens when you have sex in front of God really? Yeah, he was 38 years old. It's just matter of fact It says he died as a human Alexander virgin. Maybe he was taken seven and pills that Rush was bought He took um, very hey, he had a massive heart attack. Yeah, that's it he dropped him at 38 I have no idea I mean, does anybody know when they're gonna have a massive heart? I mean the Lord was punishing him you're right It's clear that if you if you if you if you That's the great same Patrick's Cathedral by doing your wife in her backyard There he goes again. He's Deficating in same Patrick's Cathedral There he goes again with the expurator That if you do that I mean you know something bad's gonna happen to you with it Three hundred sixty good Deficated same Patrick's Cathedral nobody would know that difference because it's full of crap anyway So what difference what am I yeah? I agree with there So anyway Arnold's a Nazi we got that big story today. You saw that one right? Yeah, oh, no, I didn't know he's a mass, you know? Yeah, the book proposal says that he had hired Hitler and he liked his Must-asian way he danced or whatever and and you got Rush poppin all the pills. I got the inquire here I know about his that pills, sir, but how much how much credit Credence whatever he put in some housekeeper trying to make money I don't buy any of her crap. She was wearing a wire and I don't believe any story that that rag puts off First of all, let me just you don't believe the inquire Man, you better get with it. Oh, all right. inquire sure is how beats the hero of the Sun Sentinel here to that That's a good beats it for a grand dump come to find out you know what the sign one of the side effects of these addictive Pain-killing drugs is but Deptnus oh, yeah, he was in detox that we can even See you don't believe any of it. I don't believe that I believe he's a I believe he's a prick and I believe that he's misused of pain drug linkedly hearing loss and even deathness Oh, come on. I actually don't make it death What they make you stupid George. They what what? I think he's an oxymoron Like the guy say this that was a good call. I love that Staying set me. Hey listen. Hey. This is my favorite play my favorite sound, but this is what I do every time I pop an oxy here You go Hey, come little boy blue. Yeah, yeah, that's what they call oxies little boy blue. I love this On the street if he was taken 4,000 So they're giving you crap, which is why we're taking our first day on you today Today pull number one is about you today great read hit at me yesterday Manfesto of a scene and in decent material that I'm not allowed to use this picture's a him with screw-in and fill us It was actually pretty and driving his free DTS Do you copy that's obscene yeah, what's obscene is how much money to sales people and all their fancy cars and all their big houses and all their lesbian lovers and gay lovers They got living with them and they're all living large high up the hog and you're not doing anything for us I'll tell you you're doing a pretty crappy job yourselves. What's up there? Jack for us, but they're all living large I mean great read. I see him once a month Okay, and what I'm supposed to take advice from him when you think I'm not there There's one I don't have to see him. Yeah public rock suicide is on a whole judge puts injunction on a rock But that would have been great. He's just gonna do it I hope they do because I love watching people commit suicide Did you hear about the lady on the bridge in Fort Lauderdale? No some lady last night at eight o'clock She broke the bridge went up and she grabbed on and held on all the way to the top and then let go and died I love that That made my day you gotta give her points for rich and alley anyway Well actually I like the guy in the third car back You got a little notebook out and he had a lot of Fifties in his hands you started taking bats Probably any K on the way to work actually it was Eddie with a polo hat on have a good weekend deal you two Scott clean up your act Friday you best 560 WQAM Resets the OPN and thinning show with mohauer David This is O.B. And I'm Anthony. Yeah wait a minute. It's me with the low voice Oh, yeah, you got the effective point. Okay. Yeah, I hope he and let's not forget our old pal Mojawa David That I was wondering how long would take for you to punch the gutter round for me I really hit the big time. I there I am with the O.B. On Anthony. Hey, Moh What take off your pants. Yeah. We're gonna rap you now. You gotta be kidding me. This is a family show Wrong this is the gop on Anthony show. That's a mine strap. You guys only did that in truth I don't touch my delicate some tender Everybody want a ring big like a sweet thing. It's funny. That's why yeah, I got a nice back I got those for you, Kelly. I'm still spraying. Oh, I got a Sam's tight will be With the red ball and I'm for this all right, my open white for chunky it's in that together now, Kelly Okay, open white for junkie . Yeah Love Yeah, they're not the boss of me now. I really saw it. Let's obey you guys. No, I'm gonna leave me here. We'll be right back. I'm 5. 60. I'm salooned. 10 away to 5. 60. WQA. Yeah, we got a big good doing today. The maddoers are going to be doing show at the Gigi out of PP Park. Talk to you before. What? What's doing? Lots doing. Oh, it's the Bruce William show on QAM. Ask a lawyer. That's no matter what the question is asked a lawyer. I know that. Oh, and you know, the mall was really a bad out of shape this morning because of the fact that I took a poll at here. No chance of winning, right? See, the poll that we took yesterday is someone you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work. So what I'm going to do the second poll will get to a little later on is one that he's got a real good chance of winning, which is someone you think is an asshole on you hate their work. Nice going, Mo. He's got a real shot at that. I think. Don't you? Sure. Someone you think is real asshole, but anyway, we did the one yesterday and I won hands down and I'm very proud of it. proud is a peacock. So many of you think is an asshole, but enjoy their work. Neo Rogers 235 out of 9.39 25% right on a money. Think that I'm an asshole, but they can't turn it off. They love this show. They think I'm a genius, even though I'm a major asshole, which I say you're right in both cases. Michael Jackson 80. Russell, Crow 72, Hank Goldberg, 67, a hopper. That's pretty well. I think Hank has a real big fat asshole, but he's a pretty entertaining guy. How it's sperm 60? Woody Allen 56. Pete Rose 45, Billy Bob Thornton 44, Bill Riley 43. That was Scott Junior's choice. And if you wonder why Scott Junior and Bill are Riley are like real tights, just take a look at a pasty picture of Scott on our website. By the way, the stats look right now, Eric. Thanks for screwing it up, but thanks for unscrewing it. You got it all back and we're just kicking ass on there. Eric just leave it alone. Don't keep kicking around with stuff. Just leave it alone. You're messing with my emotional and mental state, which is very fragile. Charlton has done 34. Mohour David had only 32 votes because they may think he's an asshole. We'll find out, but they don't enjoy his work so much. Rick Riley 30. I made Rick out. Bob Thornton, man. Dick Clark 29, which is also Bob Thornton, man. Almost Robert Downey Junior 25. Kelsey Grammar 16, George Lucas 14, Bob cost his 13. I don't know why anybody would enjoy his work. He's just a tourp. He is objectively. He's unacceptable. You know, there are some people who are just, I like that. In regard to people, they're just are some people who are unacceptable. You know what I mean? Absolutely. Yeah. It's just like Greg, for example. He's unacceptable. James Cameron 12, Jerry Lewis 11. Hey, lady. Chris Carter 9, Richard Dawson 8, and Charles Groden 4. And I don't want to have a code and suggest it. I mean, whatever you like, you know, but let's get serious. Actually, we got some good news today. 20, a lot of good news today. Yeah. 29,555 for a band in Petruscue. And that's probably because it's now October. It's officially underway through the end of the year with our best female merchandise. Too bad. We don't have some kind of a thing today, you know, because we give just another 445 bucks. Right. If my math is right, maybe somebody will drive by and drop off a dime. And we have a third man. No, Sir, it's maybe we could get somebody to take the event out on a corner there. I was Gary and, and the 441. Yeah. But, Charles probably all done service in Dorina's morning. You probably like a head of Squared Squirt. Good time. You think? I try not to. Well, I brought in the blindfold. You're on an Azorol mask. I'm hoping chain. Probably whipped her ass in the shape. Well, what a disgusting thought she really is grow test. But anyway, yeah, maybe we can suck somebody into a do a mat today. I have a little thing to do. Yeah. Oh, I'm still thinking about Miguel. No way, not there in the corner. You know, by Chuck's. You hear that? Oh, it's going on. That's not good. I better take it out. Pop another Allegro. That's not something good. Oh, I think I'm on a way out. Then, Opie and Anthony, straight to big fine. We got the Boston Radio host of Palo Jizus for making a monkey comments. Courtney loves been arrested on a drug charge again. Arnold Schwarzenegger had hired Hitler. Book proposal says that this facts from yesterday public rock suicide on hold. And then, of course, all of that rush stuff. I got the National inquire in my hand right now. That all of good stuff. I can't believe for hell. Doesn't believe this stuff. What is wrong with him? I think he's cracking out of the pressure. So anyway, here's today's first poll speaking of for real, because the management has given him just holy hell to pour for real. And that's bad. He's the great white hole. He's the our savior. He's like the Jesus Christ of Q.A.M. In fact, and you know what and Greg's try to nail his answer across. Isn't that appropriate? Always turns out great. Well, like you. God. Which of these statements best describes your take on Scott Farell? Which one? He's great. He's okay. I listen. Fingernale's on a blackboard. He's way over the line. He blows. I don't listen or who the hell is Scott Farell. I love my polls. Man, they're just beautiful. Seven choices there. And then we'll do the other one little later on, which Moe, you don't have to feel so bad. Sweetheart, you've got a definite chance to win that one. Absolutely. I want to put your name on polls if you don't be having a chance. He's as jealous because I want for being a big asshole, but they love my work. He's really pissed off about that. So we'll see if he can turn it around. So this big. Back home, 10 13 at 5 60 W Q M. Hey, if you want to turn it around, if you got like a big fan ass and a rest of you, too, and you'd like to like lose a big part of that. There are a lot of low carbon sugar free diets out there that are working great for people, but where do you shop for all the goodies to keep you on the straight narrow path? You can get the basics in your supermarket, but other than that, forget about it because most even a finest markets like publics, you know, they may have like a half of a shelf that's got a few odds and ends here and atkins this or whatever, but that's it. That's why you love shopping at Delights West, Boca because your search will be over. They've got to work a thousand low carb goodies to keep you on a straight narrow path and to give you all kinds of variety to help you stay on your low carb diet. They've got bagels and breads believe it or not. Cheesecakes, muffins, brownies. For all they brownie hounds that we have many of those in this audience. Chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips, dips, soups, ketchups, the great world famous carbolite ice cream, championed like drinks and five delicious flavors, walnut brownies by control carb, so then to like chocolate chip cookies, apple cinnamon granola by carbs since and crunchy pretzels by carbs since probably endorsed by a president they don't get on it. Don't forget at Delights West Boca, you can try anything to store before you buy it all the atkins, grants, products are on sale all day every day they're open every day seven days week two from 10 to 10 and you'll find Delights on the Northeast corner of Blades and 441 right next to Boston Market a wonderful place for all you fan folks out there or column tool free one eight seven seven low carb that's with the WLOWC AR beer on a web low carb dot com Delights West Boca know doubt about it. It's your official atkins retail center. She gained a claim with her breakout performance in the people vessas Larry Flint. Now, Courtney Love takes the theater by storm appearing in the classics at the Seattle Reptoy Playhouse. See her riveting performance as Lady MacBeth in a Scottish play. Is this a mother f***ing jagger I see before me? As Blanche to war in a street car named desire. I've always relied on the kindness of strangers. F*** sugar! And of course Saint Joan by George Bernard Shaw. Get that torch away from me mother f***ing f***ing sunken bastards. Yes, Courtney Love plays the classics. This spring at the Seattle Reptoy Playhouse. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, get out of my f***ing face. What are your tickets today? None of the f***ing mother f***ing. Just had a call on a bad line from the Pope, you know what he said? Uh-huh. I'm dying on the hair. That's what he said. I knew that was bad. Yeah. Anyway, so our forlpool is up there. Uh, let's uh, yeah, let's give it a shot. See what you think. Okay. Speaking of poorly well, we need no playwork because I can't stand that bitch. Courtney Love arrested on drug charge. What do you think of that? All right. Oh, she got a shot. Oh, her. Singer actress Courtney Love was arrested in LA for allegedly being out of influence of an narcotic after police responded to a burlory call. Only one. Love 39 was found early yesterday outside in LA home where she had allegedly broken the windows and had attempted to enter police spokesman Don Cox said. Huh, that's his name. Yeah, for a bad timing. She was arrested and booked for investigation of using illegal drugs posted $2,500 bail and released hours later police and paramedics and Beverly Hills responded to an emergency call and took a woman to a hospital for treatment according to a story in today's editions of the LA Times law enforcement sources told the newspaper that the woman was Love and that she had overdosed. It was not immediately no matter condition. What? She's O.D. Maybe she got some which she just get some more pills for rush. I still can't believe Scott doesn't believe that story. That's ludicrous. And he also doesn't believe the inquirer which we on this show have determined over last seven years is by far in a way the most credible source of news anywhere in South Florida. They're the Bible. They're exactly. I'm going to drop my hand on a right now and the inquirer too. Where's the other one? Message is left up my ass. Message is left for love's publicist in the return. We're not returned late yesterday. Love is the widow of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain. I said it will too. I'll know. Could we see if the Golden Globe nomination for a role in 1996 movie that people versus Larry Flint? What do you think of that Larry? Love was arrested earlier this year and London for allegedly verbally abusing cabin staff on a virgin Atlantic flag for melee and later released. She's got real problems at pitch. Courtney loves. Oh, she's got big problems. Speaking of problems. Yeah, the government yesterday proposed the second biggest find ever for indesian sea $357,000 against infinity broadcasting for radio segment which a couple of said to be having sex in New York's St. Pats Cathedral which is why I've played the Mohour David at Opian Anthony but to start. The FCC responded an outpouring of complaints following August 2002 broadcast of the Opian Anth Anthony show over near SWNWWFM where Scott used to work for relatives and 12 other infinity radio stations. The nationally-ceducated show was canceled a week later and DJ's Greg Opi used an Anthony Kumi over fired. Four commissioners voted for the fine the fifth said the agency should have gone after infinity's licenses instead. I feel like that. Infinity's actions were unquestionably willful and egregious commissioner Jonathan Adelstein said these callous actions show a high degree of culpability and it liberates him to heighten the shock to listeners they clearly offended community standards to which I say volschment. The fifth commissioner Michael Cops dissended he said they should go after the license. Infinity broadcasting and CBS news are both on by a viacom in which means the 357 grand fine if they do want to ping it is like a 15 cent near pocket. It's like pocketed like pennies from heaven. Infinity has 30 days to pay the fine or appeal will be the second largest fine ever for indesensy trading only the $1.7 million infinity paid in 95 to settle several cases against Howard Spurham. The commission also proposed finding AMFM radio licenses now part of clear channel radio 50 clear channel 55 grand for two broad cast on WWE DC in Washington in which the Elliott Morning Program interviewed female students about sexual activities that their high school included references to oral sex. Cops again dissed at same commission should try to revoke the stations license rather than impose a fine he's a hard ass that Michael Cops. Yeah. A call to teach channel was not immediately returned. People drew his busy with this setup everybody's ass. Adelstein said he'd propose a changing FCC regulations to make it clear that each program segment found to be indesensely considered a separate violation subject to a 27,500 dollar fine and correct cases the FCC's oral sex. Cops again dissed at same commission should try to revoke the stations license rather than impose a fine he's a hard ass that Michael Cops. I think I'm going to stand up for rush what he's saying. No. A little bit. Based on the fact that he's making fun of black children he should be gone said sediki can't bow on directly black community information said or any rock story very dark section of Boston. However, Michael Bore chairwoman, Carries White McLaughlin said she would not see his resignation. It was a painful comparison she said. He's brought back all those stereotyped references of Jane and Tarzan. I thought Jane and Tarzan were white. Yeah. And the negative things that people used to say about the continent of Africa were all hoping that out of a bad situation something good can emerge. The gorilla brokavits enclosure with a Franken-Parks who on Sunday, injuring a two-year-old in teenage before was sedated and recaptured nearly two hours later. Some felt that this is offense was worse than comments by Rush Limba on ESPN that led to his resignation late Wednesday, Limba on Broadway, nobody said. I think it's worse because you're dealing with children in a credit state represented surely on his head. I'm speechless. I'm beside myself there are still people in this world have such negative racist thoughts and have the comarity to put those thoughts into words. They publish it and how do you like that? He had the comarity. Music Making my way through the crowd walking fast, racing gas, some bathroom bow. Staring likely ahead, it's palms away, palms away and really loud. Watch it the beep stew or the poof poof. The poof poof adventure, and in this dawn most of the nights I spray my saw every once in a while and hear my say and counts a thousand tiles like true death hot. 1031 and 5. 60. WPM shut up already okay don't step on me again. 70 votes on a Scott for Relpool were doing this because he needs a little oral support. Because Greg weed is coming on glue that seems and there's one vote on here he's way over to line I know who voted that vote. Isn't that something? It's one thing what I know who the colors are on a certain line. It's another thing what I know who a vote was cast by on our website. He's an asshole. Yeah whoever voted that one he's way over to line. No one said. I know who did. Yeah. Anyway so who was that on a bat line? Scott. A backs machine. Thank you for asking. Oh. Uh which of these statements best describes your take on Scott for Relpool? I'll be far we did a result of the poll so far. Here's a fax amount for Relp. It says that voices is got to be a put on. Now, Ron, it sounds so obviously fake. No, Ron that's what you see is what you get that's how he talks. He sounds like it's easy enough radio guy but come on drop the Bolshevik tough guy road gravel Harley-Biker throw cancer routine and give us the real deal is what it says unsigned. That is the real deal what you hear is what you get. He's exactly the same not only is the voice on the same off the air but the hyper-rush psychotic uh looted that's him it's a vision there's no act involved there that's he just opens a mic and that's him what you hear is what you get. Anyway dear I yesterday at the end of the show a fax this and it's stupid it just passed over even though it's a wrong holiday. Neil God it says there is a god he works in mysterious ways but he is there believe me when I say I pray that Rush would be dethroned by prayers of an answered well almost. I get it. After all that bastard is made more money than anyone with his prejures view should have ever made. Now we know he's lost all of his larda as by doing our cottage having worked and of course the death thing now too. What see it for Relp. and also didn't believe that I got the story right here it's a big song of dance and it is really we've related to him it's just about how a lot of these prescription pain killers are caused hearing loss and deafness etc. Overuse of them using a lot of anybody dear will go down to say having worked in a drug center drugs definitely substitute for food since I'm overweight maybe any decar wash is housekeeper for some good crap. Now can you believe a drug addict's something Lincoln bedroom in a white house? Oh my god it says my prayers continue to somehow this evil door will lose every damn dime he ever made off bill and Hillary A men says they're like, oh dear I went on sweetheart. Now there's just so much heavy duty crap we probably should get to retire guy in a whore bros those two calls. Here's Miami hello. Miami. You see what the calls end of the show I'm over. Oh, major role we've got just dozens of important hello. So Miami. Up your ass here's Pompano hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Did you hear what Steve Kain is spreading the Romans? About one. Did you take the East? I said you got a. Yeah. And not only that he says that you're not your ass you old far we don't talk to old cochars okay stuff. Just tragic. Anyway Jimmy and Boko Fest these days is we covering addict like in circular uh clear up some of the things that are happening in the rush drug sting and then it says insert the a drag net music. As an addict with money he probably did not do thousands of pills a month but brought large quantities all at once that could last maybe four to five months about 30 it says. About 30 man. This way he minimizes the chance of getting caught also doesn't have the problem that most addicts have of running out. I do feel sorry for Rush personally as a lifetime recovery head of net is if he decides to have somebody's got a problem. Well you notice he didn't admit anything about having a problem his statements on his website and also that's features right at the enemy. All he keeps saying is I'm unaware of any investigation about me and locked it up to Dr. And I am I haven't been notified and that's it he doesn't deny it he doesn't even have a even even a dress it you got on TV. Yes okay why you might want to pop it on. Well I got like a thousand MTV's I don't know which one regular old MTV one. I don't know why I have that one. I don't I don't know where that is I'm sorry. Oh there it is MTV uh well you might look at it. But just snakes in the girl right now but the the door is for me to pull. No that ain't it now they're doing road rules challenge and they've got all the guys naked. Oh what it's worth. Well I don't know which one that is and I don't I don't have time to patch your mind looking for how looking guys on here okay. Firstly now that I have all these diseases. Well I was not saying if he doesn't admit he is the problem just tries to stop I can say from experience that it will not work he's an addict otherwise he would have stopped after one or two deep uh what of his two detox programs. I do not feel sorry from professional air well is any sleep if he loses the platform he has to spew the hatred nonsense that millions of assholes listen to him believe air without question. He's a big headed idiot that could just fade away and take care of his problem by himself with his family see it in any meeting where says a Jimmy and Boca. Thank you Jimmy and Boca who also puts on here at the very end of his facts. Hula just for imposses okay now. So let's see we were two for two we had one nobody there in some old Cranky O's Steve Caine's boyfriend. Here's a call from the Redland. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'm just calling because the tree killers are across the street to me right now cutting all the citrus down. I'll be damned. And they're taken. I need to get my spikes. Large nails. I'm serious drive them into your trees all over spikes get the Humdi Po quick. I do right now I got spikes in my house. See you. Bye. Bye. Okay good luck. For cut down his fruit trees the citrus the Chankur police the Florida citrus Chankur police are coming there to the chanting and they did the George and everybody else would be elected or not. Maybe they'll maybe you know the governor line up with a big Chankur on his black dome and the red. Yeah we can only hope and pray. Probably already got one. Here's a call from for Lauderdale before we get into the Arnold Nazi stuff. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Your wife is gonna ask Rush Limba. Where's the big deal? I beg your pardon. I mean Rush Limba that's all you. What about our Franken? What about him? He's a kind of guy like you. What kind of drugs is he taken? Who are you? Yeah what kind of drugs is he taken? Shmuck. You have proof? More on. You have proof? Yeah right here in my in front of my post from the Palm Beach police. Okay you asshole. You jackass. You brush liquor. He's probably sniping Rush right now. Oh man. Probably getting a Rush from it now. Oh. Did he it? He's doing poppers. He's got this finger up his nose. One up his back dome. Yeah go stick your head up brush his ass. Okay you little Nazi. You little idiot. Quizzling. Scumbag and have a nice weekend. Don't forget to mad dog out of Gachi at the ballpark this afternoon. Marlins on deck at 330. Game 3. This is the big one baby. This is the turning point. Did I say to Marlins is a one three in a row. I never said they win the first three in a row. You ever call Scott. I just said they win three in a row. And they will today will be the second and tomorrow they'll wrap it up. courtesy of you. I'll be there to watch it. Thank you. 330 this afternoon. Marlins on deck 406. The Marlins and the Giants game number three. And then tonight we got the tentating playoff special. Would lend Casper and Tommy Hunt at 730 followed by Game 3. The Cubs and the Braves. That's your restarted game of piece A30. Any K-Follow all the baseball stuff and the ESPN radio. By the way we got some bad information on our rejoins and promo. Today that the Panther game was going to be on the night is going to be on the SOS. SOS is still the S exhibition game that nobody cares about. It's not going to be on at least on QAM. Is it going to be on anywhere or are we not even carrying it? We don't know. Who you ask? We don't know. Because Duff and Clarence are we in there playing grab ass with each other? You know, so God forbid that we should have any information about stuff like that. But we got the important stuff. We got the baseball playoff, baby. Starting with a Marlin Gannis afternoon 406. Gonna have 5060,000 people there at P.B. Park. It's going to be great. Oh. And thanks to the fact that George screwed up yesterday and then delivered those tickets to my house as a result so Scott Junior will be there today. See all the perks you get. You don't get any money. We get a lot of perks. Thank you. Twenty-two. Let's see. How's that pull coming on for ROW? We got 116 votes which of these statements best describes your take on Scott for ROW. He's great 46. He's okay. I listen 24. I don't listen 20. Fingernails on a blackboard 16. Who the hell has Scott for ROW 5? He blows 4 and I can't imagine you voted for his way over to line. We're sports video 5. 6. He's not the hope you'll be there. Go by the way. Why do you? I'm almost here. This fall on Fox. The new reality TV show take my wife. Please. The new crazy. A regular guy gets trapped in his house. Ha! With his wife. Ha! With no TV. Ha! For an hour. Ha! Did you take out the trash? I told me to take it out. If you don't, that's your real girl. And we'll breathe in a cell manella. That's how so Scott started. If you want me to get soars. If you want me to get mad count disease. I can't believe you want your table. Get my wife. Please. Sports are so stupid. Go. Hit the ball with a stick. Baseball. Hit the ball with a stick. Oh, hit the ball with a stick. Backball. Whoa. Get the round ball through round hole. Whoa. Here's the tough one. Football. Getting an old ball past the straight line. That's genius. You this ball on Fox. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Don't darkness eyes you know what kind of more shining��. Always lucky for the youth. Go for it. Always cute. Winner, like, I got a 48 C majority now. They're liberalles oh, soon. All seen and thats another thing liberalizene even I dirty word like I said Yes, today I hear in your cut, never, never let's. That's cause Rush ain't on the ear here. Get off for Rush, no, as matter of fact 11 o'clock. I'm going to to take however much I need of the next hour to read the entire room stuff, from the in choir here. Excellent oh, yeah. Rush Limbaugh's caught in drug ring. It's a front-page story and then Rush Limbaugh's secret pill popping drug addict has from the edge if I take me to a whole freaking hour but I'm here here every word of it right here for our good friends of the imperialists and like I told you got a yesterday right after the show in my hot little hand because the they do show up quick up here I guess for some reason the templates. But before we get to that we got the Arnold story of the day poor Arnold is in deep doo doo you know what I know he's not. I think he is. I don't think he's going to be governor of California. I think he's in deep crap. I think you wrong. I better take a reexaminess yesterday we had the grouping and grabbing and he had to apologize and well I did do some of that and well I don't know but I apologize. Yeah. Now today in New York Times a film producer who chronicled Arnold's fourth negris rise to famous a champion bodybuilder in 1970 circulated they booked proposal six years ago the courted Mr. Schwartz negris expressing his admiration for it all Hitler. You understand the stuff all came back of everyone. The book proposed by the producer George Butler included what were presented as verbatim excerpts from interviews with Mr. Schwartz negris and the filming of the documentary pumping iron pumping iron. And a part of it if you not used in the film Mr. Schwartz negris as his heroes who do you admire most. It depends for what Mr. Schwartz negris said according to the transcript in the book proposal I admired Hitler for instance because he came from being a little man with almost no formal education up to power and I admire him for being such a good public speaker. In addition to the transcript Mr. Butler wrote in his book proposal that in the 1970s he considered Mr. Schwartz negris a fling went out spoke at admirer of Hitler and the proposal Mr. Butler also said he had seen Mr. Schwartz negris playing Nazi marching songs from long playing records in his collection home and said the actor frequently clicked his heels and pretended to be an SS officer. All right and all these people are saying oh this stuff has just come out now because the elections that a few days well this was six years ago the book proposal I just mentioned it in passing. Frequently clicked his heels and pretended to be an SS officer. I'm old in telephone interview yesterday said he didn't recall making any of the comments if you're looking for them or engaging in any of the behavior described by Mr. Butler let me tell you something it's one of those things that if you come from that background you get accused a lot of times of being that of unbing a Nazi said Mr. Schwartz negris who grew up in Austria and his father just coincidentally happened to be a member of the Nazi party. So you know he continued that despise anything that Hitler stands for anything he's done hated the Naziism hated what was done during the Second World War. Mr. Schwartz negris said he did consider Hitler to be a great public speaker but someone who used his talent for something negative. In his book proposal Mr. Butler addressed that punk putting Mr. Schwartz negris saying I admire him for being such a good public speaker and for what he did with it. Should I read that sentence again? Could you? Since you're so negative about thinking this isn't going to have a 90-year-old. No it's not you wrong. All right. I think Arnold's going down. Arnold's going down. I think they're going to turbidate him. I still have East Arnold. That's your money. How much? Now I don't want to overdo it because in your case so when you're low pay. Eight bucks. Yeah that would be an all right. Anyway. In addition to which we may not know that we can keep that eight bucks hanging like my 13 bucks from a lot of we with rimmer for months because what that article I had the other day said we may not know the results of this lecture with all an absentee 2.7 million absentee ballots for weeks that it could be like like the Florida Chan thing all over does you all over again? Wow. In his book proposal I'm read that sentence again Mr Butler I addressed that point. Quitting Mr Schwartz negris saying I admire him for being such a good public speaker and for what he did with it. But early this morning Mr Butler called back saying he had driven back to his new Hampshire home and found another transcript of the interview with a different wording. I admire him for being such a good public speaker and for his way of getting the people and so on, getting to the people and so on. But I did not admire him for what he did with it. It's very hard to say who I admire who are my heroes. Mr Butler said that his transcribers had had difficulty rendering Mr Schwartz negris remarks because of his accent and said the only way to resolve this pregnancy was to listen to the tapes which are in Mr Schwartz negris possession. In an interview on Wednesday this home in the Upper East Side of Manhattan Mr Butler stood by his recollection of a young Mr Schwartz negris playing Nazi marches and mimicking SS officer but he described it as a passing behavior of an immature young man who had quickly grown up and said the comments were the byproduct of the bodybuilding culture of the 70s. It's the wackiest zaneous, silliest strangest world on it earth Mr Butler said. Oh, who hasn't played Nazi? Right. Who hasn't done a little bit of goosey, I'm a goose stepping in there at the time right? I get the swagger stick and the boot going on on all idols the man. He's got all the qualification that ain't oh brother can you think of any qualification? No, no. I mean even like no. Is he literate? No. Is he articulate? No. Does he have it like any policy? No. Does he as he ever been elected dog? No. But he's going to be governor of California with its 35 million people on its fourth or fifth depending on who you believe this week largest economy in the entire world. I can't wait to get to the 11 o'clock hour in a rush limbo caught in drug ring story in the inquire. See Scott hasn't been around in South Florida long enough to be honest because I used to poo poo would also be in prior all of us all the tambloids. But the inquire has an impeccable record with the job in a story whether it was the OJ story. I mean the Robert Blake story, readily of being accurate but also being like break in the stories and having the balls to say the things that all the rest of them are afraid to. Right exactly little kibbert crap who's toast they step on because they're business some magazines and they do it. Public Rocks to a side on hold. Judge puts injunction on rock shot groups concert suicide insane Peter'sberg. A circuit court judge thought the injunction yesterday and a shock rock band banning it from holding an on-stage suicide that its leader Vows Will occur during a webcast performance this weekend. All right. St. Petersburg leaders had asked Judge John C. Lenderman for the injunction. After the rock group hell on earth announced plans to have a trimmerly ill person commit suicide during a gig somewhere in St. Pete Saturday night tomorrow to raise awareness of right to die issues. Hell on earth leader Billy Tornello who did not attend the hearing, had said earlier the band will defy a city ordinance past Monday that makes it illegal to conduct a suicide for commercial entertainment purposes. Oh they pass the city ordinance that makes it illegal to conduct a suicide for commercial entertainment purposes and to host promote and sell tickets for a session event. Turn low-tool the AP that the suicide show will be played to a select few people in underscows location insane Peter'sberg and will be shown live on the band's website is declared to go any details about the trimmerly old person if the band violates the ordinance stop politicizing the culture members could face contempt of court charges. How do you like that? Oh whatever. It's like somebody it's terminally ill it's like a doctor what's his name huh to work doctor death right. I didn't even rate now see tracing canbles is I have a possible selection for your pool at something like I love for relegaring across over two specific yet two specific tracing. It's kind of an in between choice for those like me that aren't sports holes or like for relegare could only handle during the minutes of cross over with you. Well you could always put his okay out listen or he's whatever you want but we're gonna change the categories because this is our preliminary pool right right it's the polymus. 175 votes which of these statements best describes your take on Scott for battle he's great 69 did it make that number up no if by the way Greg Reed who's such an nervous nally and all them beeslies and Bob for both got to take a look at a result of this pool so far. Muff if he weren't so busy in or but us doing clear it. I almost said it. I know I did not I thought you I thought you think. No no no I did not come close to the effort all right. He thought because I need the job 175 votes which best describes your take he's great 69 he's okay I listen 34 I don't listen 26 fingernails on a blackboard 21 he blows 13 who the hell is Scott for 11 and he's way over the lines still just that same one. You know during this pool I just learned something I looked up myself something that I never really thought about before. See now donkey and jackass are synonymous right right as but I always wondered where that term came from you jackass and now it's seeing that one vote now I know where it came from. Great he's way over the line. Now it didn't come from Greg. Although speaking of jackass so let's see there you go Tracy. Hope whatever you like all confidence in bush is slipping so I watch the CBS in the news last night I squeezed it three times I was so excited I was even ready to squeeze Dan rather on the earlobe I was so thrilled there was so much good news for those of us who are to the left of until of the hum last night. You got the rush first to get has to resign it can't is as any as for you know the real story or the hang and you got the bush numbers are dropping like a rock you had the Arnold thing with this Nazi past in this business you had the Arnold and the groping and the doping and grab it and squeezing and then of course the alert ass pill story which is on the front page of the inquire which I'm going to read the whole thing in this coming out. Confidence in bush slipping with the election out 13 months away president bush finds his ratings near the low water market as presidency reports CBS news T. Flat House correspondent John Roberts his overall job approval Hubbers just above 50 percent. Almost back to where he was before 911 and weighed down from his stratospheric ratings of 89 percent following the attacks on America. What House officials say they expect the numbers to slide but the dramatic drop has them troubled. The president's marks on foreign policy of hit new low is 44 percent approval half of Americans 50 percent of an F confidence in his ability to handle international crisis and a majority 53 percent of the win or rack wasn't worth it a big change from the heady days after the swift defeat of Sodom have we found him yet Osama no a mollible a no Leet landing on the carrier declaring the conflict over this romanus sort of victory parade certainly did raise the stakes says history and change t Smith. In others expectations are falling because people are seeing that the Iraq situation is not going according to plan and foreign policy had been president pushes strong point 56 percent of Americans now lack confidence in the presence economic decision making a reversal from just four months ago and 54 percent said they were confident a result of three million jobs lost in sputtering economic growth the jobs report this morning was up a little bit but no big deal but the market is there a zoo they're goosing it up 22 months into the recovery still have fewer jobs than we had the beginning of the recovery this is a historical first as a matter of fact you know that this is the first president to have a loss of jobs during his presidency since i'll give you one guess the depression well there you go since worldward hervert whooper over right and the mood of the nation is shifting 56 percent the military of this that 56 percent say now the countries on the wrong track a bad trend heading into election year looking ahead to the election president pushes last but was a commanding lead voters and now evenly split 44 to 44 between Mr. Bush and an unnamed Democrat in a normal was it could be like Mickey Mouse it could be Eisner could be like uh... got for real and it's like a pity for the high-end rules this for 20-year-old you and five i am not that's it that is in general on his roots and i could are no before he gets started what is that smell that's my new cologne it smells like onion dip what is it that's onion dip cologne that explains it i guess that's right next question you know those all the speculation that you know what please you know there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run i know i feel the whole world what changed your mind what mind what changed your decision to run for governor decisions are easy to make when you are informed what does that mean it's onion dip cologne no i don't mean about the cologne i mean what does that statement mean right next question what is that i go to sacramental i will pump up sacramental well how exactly are you going to do that i'm going to pump it up how by pumping but this is a government this isn't a gym not pumping speaking of pumping there've been some allegations that you have uh... oh that's a straight half of where you tread small report demand whether it reports that you have straight in your mind straight you straight it's onion dip cologne it's very nice thank you i'm going to pump up sacramental is the governor i will be the best governor california since you would harm free he would have been never the governor california exactly it's onion dip cologne level two at five sixty w to q a m and i'll see here's the final talix will change the pool now once we get the something we don't have time to dig around which of these statements best describes your take on scot for rout twenty fifteen votes in about forty minutes not too shabby he's great eighty three let's hear it all i've heard and i'm sure George do right or else he's okay i listen he's uh... okay forty two i don't listen thirty one fingernails on a blackboard twenty three he blows seventeen who the hell is scot for all seventy and i've great did finally vote he's way out over the line two see great finally voted i said two is all two out of two and fifteen not two were exciting point nine point nine percent here's the fact it says you got a lot canada most of the rest of the free world what a concept parliamentary democracy and it's built with it's built in me call feature i guess all the liberals move to Canada vote a confidence policy so it makes things very interesting in the united states of fascism and that goes on about uh... we're so far and how we ought to be wearing the general suit like no ragan someos i think it's elected any audio audio it says please don't let it hang called burger pull from people and work you uh... you hey so he ate and his work so we got hang on there right right here's the main poll do's you're the uh... the one was just a uh... pralim just a little thing on it take a look at a Greg and up and clearance you idiots and get off for us as you morons you idiots you clueless assholes we finally get a good lead and we finally get our ten to two spot back we get things finally move along real well and the same old old you know it's like a air accused of who and airified a quits growing around with a website we got to go real good now you just can't leave well enough alone you fed slob leave it alone goofball see that like with him you know you know it's just a matter of time before he's bruised things up follow them sent no like peck like peckers bad boy who some of you think is an asshole and hate their work which is a twist on them when we didn't uh... over yesterday so many think is an asshole and you hate their work more hard David neo Rogers Russell Crowe jury Lewis mel Gibson hangover again will certainly take nominations but it'll be a while because we got have a lot of fish to fry here i added to okay who are they Robert down in junior haha okay and how it's done and how it's there and there you go to get one which is what i voted for okay all right let's say rush limba caught in drug ring it's in the october 14 national inquire front page story and even shows the amico station in the uh... denny's a mervehlet is where the drug deals allegedly went down his drug supplier tells all cop pro meals radio hostie by tens of thousands of pills from housekeepers to be headline where the white star it will be started in the insidious housekeepers has limba went through detox twice to cure his addiction to painkillers rush limba twice out of a rapid detoxification treatment according to his former housekeeper in drug supplier will not climb the treatment referred to as ultra rapid opiate detoxification or anesthesia assisted rapid opiate detoxification cleanses the body of drugs in only twenty four hours and is offered at various clinics throughout the country adds for the treatment recommended for people who want anonymity after health evaluation patients are given a light dose of a general anesthesia one of the last them to be awakened at any time while the patients sleep medications are administered to stabilize blood pressure regulate heartbeat and reduce withdrawal symptoms a drug that strips opiates from receptors in the nervous system is also administered after the treatment patients are supposedly no longer physically dependent on opiates but they're advised to take now track zone a non-addictive opiate blockers part of their follow-up treatment and also in his article because i'm out get to the main thing here what i want to have time to go through it his own words not that he's a hypocrite or anything like that his own words rush blast other drug users despite his own drug addiction rush limba shows little tolerance to drug users in his public statements says the inquiry here's limba on drugs in his own words in it's got these quotes playboy interview December nineteen ninety three by legalizing drugs all you're going to do is define further devian c downward we have a duty to pass on values to our descendants that'll maintain the standards of behavior and ensure these survivability of the mercantel way of life and drugs are no different you end up destroying more than yourself rush limba show December ninth ninety three if then surge in general jocelyn elders wants to legalize drugs send the people who want to do drugs to love it and Zurich and let's be rid of them December ninth rush limba show ninety three the problem with legalizing drugs is it's just another abhorred example of human behavior that we've suddenly decided hey we can't handle it we've given up we're going to let you destroy your life we're going to make it easy and then all of us who have set the responsibilities of life and don't destroy our lives on drugs will pay for whatever messes you get into December ninth ninety three on the same show i'm a poll that people who simply want to look at this have hurt behavior and say people are going to do drugs anyway let's legalize it it's a dumb idea it's a rotten idea and those who are forward are purely a hundred percent selfish and said twenty as September twenty third two thousand three Ted Kennedy whose liver is said to be shaped like a shivers-regeled bottle but I like that call it the popcorn kettle purple so there's just a few of his own quotes of part of this hypocrisy is which is why it is a big story and it's going to come up and slap him right at the back of the ass how come he ain't on the poll uh people that that's good rush limba that's a good one he'll get a lot of votes he might give more run for his money now the way things are going because I mean all mow all he's got is a bad hairpiece and checkered pants and a squeezing bag but on that and smells bad rush I think single burst that's excellent most got a checkered pair of pants and rush has a freaking checkered past your sports video five sixty two a and good one and smells bad rush I think single burst that's excellent most got a checkered pair of pants and rush has a freaking checkered past this is Rush Limbaugh, a servant of humanity, touch show host, hemorrhoid sufferer folks with over three other pounds I know the aggrave of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellent suppositories now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhoid will kiss you just with for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator to back them another fine product from all i.B. the obesity and broadcasting network problem it's after eleven and five sixty wq mad dog from gachy at the stadium at two and then we got the marlins of the cubs game three tonight at marlins in the agian's rather cubs in a bravest tonight 48 quick votes on his second poll someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work to boot how it's turn eighteen mow Howard David at fifteen what is the battle rush Limbaugh just went on with over five he might be climbing up fast the humpers got three I got a pair rower down in the juniors got a pair of Russell Cros got two now gifts in one no votes yet for jury louis Phil Collins and how about somebody says a steep king I and how about George Rodriguez okay yeah let's get you on or two because this will be an outlet for those people who say them from calling and say ah George socks it you know they hate you this will be some other than the vent okay let's get back to this article okay rush Limbaugh caught in drug ring popular conservative commentator rush Limbaugh's been secretly battling addition in our and his embroiled in a high-powered drug investigation the inquire has learned exclusively his former housekeeper has told prosecutors that he illegally supplied fifty two year old Limbaugh with thousands of pain killist costing hundreds of thousands of dollars over a period of more than four years the host of merc his most listen to radio show is so heavily addicted he had to be detoxified twice once coming perilously close to death his drug dealer Wilma Klein told the inquire exclusively the explosive revelations are the culmination of an extensive inquire investigation into the law-norder advocates monumental abusive addictive painkillers now being probed by a team of local state and federal law enforcement agencies there is an active ongoing criminal investigation aimed at identifying dealers and buyers rush Limbaugh's one of those has been under investigation confirms an investigative source close to the drug prob on full-digan palm beach county that investigations already led to several arrests including a pharmacist in his wife and confiscation of tens of thousands of pills and nearly a million dollars in cash Wilma and her husband David Tully inquire they approached the authorities and turned over information on Limbaugh and others they both been granted immunity the couple have also passed lie detector test about supplying drugs to rush test of recognition by the inquire in a world exclusive interview that awrocked the political and broadcasting world's Wilma told us he's given authorities emails from rush which there are copies of it here by the way we'll get to eventually Wilma told us he's given authorities emails from rush begging her to obtain drugs a detailed ledger documenting his drug transactions and others startling evidence you got that other startling evidence what's more inquire reporters have listened to recordings of drug related messages rushed rush left on her answering machine which are also investigators hands and they're considering I should point out to you then inquire putting the audio on the internet all right yeah Wilma also told the inquire she witnessed rush swallowing handfuls of pills and that he ordered massive quantities of the addictive painkiller hydrocodone lorset and then graduated to the highly dangerous oxy cotton although I think he wasn't oxy moron before he started popping that during one four month period alone from July 19 November 13 2001 the king of conservatism got a staggering 11,000 900 pills from Wilma according to shocking ledger entries and by the middle of last year shortly before limba was detoxed in New York his order at scourrocketed to more than 30 oxy cotton pills a day the ledger note a day there were times when I worried all these pills are enough to kill an elephant never mind a man willma 42 toldy inquire limba's America's number one-synicated radio host with some 20 million list news daily on 600 stations plus from coast to coast and a strong family values proponent. Ironically the tragedy of how this straight list conservatist spiraled into a drug nightmare contains elements of sheer force Wilma toldy inquire he kissed and grobter and desperate attempts to see if she was wired by the cops and may clumsy attempt to hide stashes from his no nonsense wife Martha even using his golf bag is a hiding spot. He referred to money as cabbage and the big drug scores as the mother load Wilma was hired as a $370 week housekeeper as the limba at the limba's police 24 million dollar mansion in Palm Beach July 97 nothing out of the ordinary happened till March 98 when her handyman has been David 41 injured himself in a fall I was in the laundry room on day in rushwalk by asked me how David was doing Wilma's plane he asked me casually is he getting any pain medication I said yes he said surgery in the doctor gave him hydrocodone 750 to my astonishment he said can you spare a couple of them she relayed the requested David who was stunned to give his wife 10 of his pills I was impressed by who he was I didn't want to be a jerk until I know David toldy inquire next day in the laundry room Wilma said she handed rush the pills he wanted to know when David's neck prescription was due she said at home that night she and David discussed limba's demands finally David agreed to give his wife's famous boss half of his 60 month of pill prescription as long as it lasted let's have a 60 but apparently that was limba's only drug supply says Wilma she says he was also receiving weekly FedEx packages filled with pills and bottles of liquid hydrocodone when she went to throw out the empties from a cupboard beneath his bathroom sink Wilma says rush cautioner double bagum so the misses won't see through the bag the housekeeper was able to keep her 30 per month supply line open a rush until early 99 when she had told him that her husband's doctor was not prescribing any more pills for him that anger to talk show king and Wilma got a scary phone call from him while curing his guest house she says this tone was nasty and bullying he said I don't care how or what you do but you'd better better get me some more than he hung up give me some or what the not the like that crying that in tears Wilma told a newly hired houseman what it happened and he said he could supply her with the drugs then she then sold her rush she says rush was working in his office in Palm Beach and I call him and said I've got somebody who can hook you up he just said okay I want a hundred hydrocoins 750 Wilma says rush gave her 500 bucks after she made the purchase opening a new drug pipeline Wilma and rush had established a secret delivery system named a keeping his secret from wife Martha he told me that when is I'm turning the page here and is an ad for some plastic surgery in the middle he told me that when I got some new pills came in I was to hide them under the mattress on his side of their forepost or bed he also told me yet a station is private airplane and he even took the pills on the golf course with him sometimes rush got sloppy with his stash to husky brutality and choir I watched as he pulled some from his burgundy leather briefcase tucked a few in his mouth and swit sweeten down she said and one day the chef told me he'd found pills scattered on the floor and rush's office another time he told me he didn't more pills because I'm gonna fall them out of his golf bag rush had been huge near 300 pounds but he started lose a lot of weight coincidence yeah just like the hearing loss it's just a coincidence right what right can you hear me several months after she began supplying and Wilma says she got a shock when he confided to where that he was leaving condo when to go a rapid detox technique and a new your conscuital when he returns his Wilma rush announced he would no longer need drugs elasted for a month any told me his left ear was acting up and he was in pain he said he needed pills again I took him 150 hydrocodone then he asked me if I could get him oxy cotton because the others were giving him an upset stomach I got him a hundred and a few days later he told me I much prefer the oxy there was a big smile on his face meanwhile Wilma was not getting along with Marta Limbaugh who whom she dubbed the dragon queen so she quit her job in July 2001 a concerned rush after to continue her deliveries and she agreed Wilma told the inquire where now she began keeping a handwritten ledger noting the pills their quantities and cost and a balanced limbaugh all after making payments during the first 47 days she kept the ledger a show she delivered 4350 pills to limbaugh I was concerned that the amounts he was taking she said he was told me they're not just for me you know but I didn't believe it was given on anybody else deliveries were just a few days apart and as the quantities increased so did his paranoia says Wilma he asked me are you being followed? he insisted I change vehicles so police were watching the building they wouldn't see the same car keep coming then one day in 2002 when I was in his office making a delivery he suddenly grabbed me and kissed me quite passionately on the lips as he hugged me he was stealing my body it suddenly dawned on me he was patting me down gropeingly to see if I was wearing a wire another time he grabbed my blouse on my chest and pulled it outwards like he was thinking he might hook his fingers around a wire then one day he asked me right out are you wearing a wire I told me it was crazy she made most deliveries to limbaugh's office but they also might regularly in a then he's restaurant parking lot in West Palm Beach or at an amochostation extra a bikers bar he picked then he's because it was on the way to his golf club said Wilma he'd give me some of his empty cuban subar a cigar boxes typically when we met that way he'd lower the window for his mrs Mercedes had hit my cigar box full of pills he'd take it and hand me his cigar box full of money it could be as much as eight grand and barclay damage he's what and barco violator here's the camogen say they need drive off as the summer of 2002 approach rush decided to take another stab at beating his addition on June 11 2002 Wilma said she told prosecutors limbaugh said he was going to New York for detox for a second time he looked then he'd lost an awful lot of way to he said then he didn't contact me after he came home and I got worried she said I went to talk to him and he cried a little bit she told him choir he told me that if ever got out he'd be ruined then he told me everything is going to be okay I'm going to take care of you soon after when the Palm Beach attorney turned up on her doorstep at home she said he said the lyr as time rush owed her and she replied 80 grand he told me rush had a real bad time during the second detox he almost died he told me the attorney called later in a range to meet me in a parking lot by a gas station he told me rush had rounded the balance he owed to the hundred grand he gave me the check and got me to sign a promise or he note he explained that the money was alone but I wasn't to worry I'd never have to make payments he never even gave me a copy of the agreement after I signed it four months later no fember 2002 Wilma says he got a call to go to the attorney's office in Palm Beach he showed me another check for a hundred thousand dollars made up to David and me and written on his account Wilma says he told her never to give rush any more pills an after for the handover computer which might retain a record of rush's emails but instead of giving him my computer I later took my the hard drive from another computer and smashed it in front of him shortly afterward Wilma and her husband David who had made about ten pill deliveries to rush while his wife was out of tongue became nervous and contacted Miami attorney Edward showhat with their story showhat contacted the Palm Beach County State Attorney's office and they all met with assistance data attorney James Marks who specializes in drug investigations Marks is heading the major multi agency task force which has already seized Hagricot on tablets with a street value of $470,000 and track the legal flow of more than another million dollars in tablets the ongoing investigation is also resulted in the arrest of Louis Bershara if pharmacist whose license was suspended following conviction for practicing medicine without a license he and his wife glory have been charged with involvement in our product trafficking more arrest and can a confiscated or expected soon that eventually investigative source to make sure it wouldn't become a case of a word against the powerful broadcasts Wilma told the inquire she secretly taped the media titan during two over last drug deliveries although her lawyer won't let her reveal the contents of those recordings she did disclose that you can clearly hear the conversation the prosecutors now have those two tapes assistant state attorney Marks told the inquire the zimatter of policy he would not confirm or deny what the sources quoted in the article told the inquire where this policy has been adopted for the protection security of confidential sources and undercover operatives as well as maintaining the highest level integrity in investigation process he said and that's the main body of the story then we got Russell emboss emails from the edge we got that we got the rush's drugs produce you for in addiction we got the story about misuse of pain drug link to hearing loss all of these things and trust it by high level truth I think it had a powerful Republican decision high upon a moral ground the only questions were insistent that I have just read it 25 which any means that could be found in on the road why the electric public just a rant belt they're raising the stars in the power balls of Trump my job was to offer you to the right wing point of view people might have be too strange and now the hatred that I'm speaking about my notio AP I hear what's in this fun, did we do the old ass to ass? It's 11.30 at 5.60. WQM so may ask you this. Yeah. Who do you think has jumped into the lead? I'll give you one guess. The Lardaster has moved past her. And it's like the wall's been still. 117 votes. Rush! Someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work. Pretty obvious. Rush Limbaugh 39. Can we put it on their late to give her a balsa handicrap? And the two hoards are fighting it out for a second. Mohour David at 24. Howard sperm 23. The two hoes. Then it's way out of Hankwood's 7. Russell Crow six. I got four, but you tied me instantly. Robert Downey Jr. Four. Horney Rodriguez four. Phil Collins three. Only one for jury Lewis Steve Canne and Mel Gibson. And just Dom Dom, he was just thinking it or in a break for about 10 seconds. And he was just thinking it's a good idea. But what's the only five years that old cogears to call us and says the same thing? Oh, more often than that. Once every two years. Yeah. And a bad part of it is he's still alive. Bill, who's become really chronic but a good factor. I don't know if this is the bill that hates you or not. It doesn't matter. Ted Kennedy's liver may be shaped like a shivers regal bottle, but Rush Limbaugh's body shaped like a round blue pill. Hippocrinical fat ass Nazi bastards says Bill. Absolutely. Good point, Bill. Stuttering Gail LaHomes that wants to know, can he buy the key chains online? And the answer is, um, yeah. Yeah. Oh, it's a good day. It was a great day. I told you. He also says, I think Greg Reed should be on list. What an asshole. He has jockies and then senses them. I didn't know he was like working a calmer. Harris, uh, talk host. I think it was what I mean, then senses and Scott. You got to get Greg Reed on there. Okay, put him on there. Let's hear him a little transfer a little glory. Hold. And Mitch in the river Mitch is in Boiton Beach. It's a good point Mitch. I apologize as you forgot to play the recleam for a dream while you talk about Rush. Sorry about that. You're absolutely correct, sir. But let's see if I can't. And then, then, then, then this is my way. Who George just passed me on me, uh, asshole with. You're a tiger. A tiger. Is there you go? See what I do stuff. Arrow from Kippernola. See how insensitive he is. Talks a horn. Häusing. Rush Limbaugh's emails from the edge in the same October 14, National Inquirer. See, I'm really surprised. I guess Scott's been under direct so much with all those of brow beatings from Duff and Clarence and Greg. But he has that time to take a puke into reality list. But this isn't just somebody's word against somebody else. It's like I just got through meeting in the last part there. She covered her ass by taping some of the conversations and here are the emails printed right out. So they got him who handed. Remember that the blue hands left to play that. Rush Limbaugh's emails from the edge. Deskered for drugs he constantly emailed his former housekeeper for more and more off-season content. And there's a picture of Wilma right there. Says Rush's emails reveal just how addicted he was. Rush Limbaugh displayed a drug addict's panic and desperation as he used his computer to order thousands upon thousands of pain pills from his former housekeeper Wilma Klein in pyrocess. He peppered Wilma with constant email messages concerned. He arranged planned this in drug pickup, expressing hearing you recognized. He wrote about his joy when large amounts of pills were available, but he called the mother load. Remember when networked when Diana says, I think we struck the mother load. Remember that? They're shouting in Atlanta. Anyway. And he begged for further deliveries when he accidentally spilled pills down his sink or dropped him while playing golf. The eventful Wilma, she could email him about drug supplies when he was on the air. At least the Humperio only gets calls from this bookie. What he's on, he's okay. But he was getting emails while he was on the air to make sure that the pills kept him popping. In one chilling email on May 28, 2002, Rush wanted a hundred little blues, jargon for a certain size of the powerful, a highly addicted pain killer, pill, oxycontin. A.K.A. killed Billy Herwin. Incredibly he revealed in the message that he extended his massive consumption of the powerful drug more than 30 pills a day. But turn him in! And he confirmed that he needed more and more oxycontin to get the same effect. He sent that email on a day when he was two weeks from a detox treatment. A hundred equals two and a half to three days of little blues Rush wrote to Wilma. You know how this stuff works the more you get used to with the more it takes. I bet you're Sarah could agree with that. Ever seen together with Sarah Goldfarb? Oh, same person. But remember this is only for just a little over two more weeks. I kind of want you to go out with a bang if you get my drift. Hi, I want another 500 Rush message Wilma to remember 8,000 in one. If not a few less, it'll be okay. I'm leaving town for a while as the reason. Rush got panicky. He'd run out of drugs when Wilma was away. On November 21st, 2001, Wilma was headed out of town and had a report that her drug contact had failed to show it. All she had on hand were 50 pills. Damn! Rush wrote back begging her to delay her trip. The email show he had a particular liking for oxycontin. A.K.A. killed Billy Herwin. Rush told Wilma and one email to keep her sharp eye out for the small blue babies oxycontin. He was lethal when Wilma pulled him on January 3rd, 2002. That's any head she had a thousand big ones. Lorset, big blues, lorset. 1000 big blues. Holy moly, Rush replied, okay, give me some idea if you're available to me today. Slice tonight. Holy moly! Holy Schmidt, Batman. I'm February 16, 2002 Rush emailed Wilma to tell her, let me know when you get to more small blues. I just had an accident at the sink and law some. Hey, I got some when we're back. Great! What time can David Wilma's husband meet me in the morning? Rush liked to refer to a large delivery of pills as a mother load. What a mother. On April 1st, 2002 emailed he was chomping at the bed at the prospect of a big delivery. And you really mean mother load as in a lot? When Wilma's husband David replied, I'm not sure what the load is going to be. David got chastised by Rush for that reply. Please don't say mother load to me unless you know for certain it's going to be. And here on the same page, paid 37 of the October 14 affair, here are actual photos of the emails themselves. There's room we yell at you. Oh my God. Rush's drugs produce euphoria and addiction by original fits in an in-set in the same article. The prescription pain pills that took over Limbaugh's life, lorset, hydrochloron and acycatin. I keep saying that it's hydrocodone. I'm sorry. I'll open derivatives that function in a body much like morphine. They're very effective at alleviating pain but can also produce euphoria and decrease alertness. Long-term use can produce physical dependence at addiction. Once this occurs, slowing or stopping drug use causes unpleasant withdraw symptoms, including restlessness, body pain and samya, diarrhea, and vomiting. While drug intake limb loss sites in emails, third ear more pills that they may seem ridiculously large, a medical expert contacted by the inquiruses these amounts are not unheard of by any means. Seasoned addicts who have been amused in pain killers for years can develop a huge tolerance and take extreme amounts of these drugs without overdosing said Dr. James Corkoyce, an addiction specialist in Boca, who's not treated Rush Limbaugh. Some of these people require vast numbers of pills every day just a function amongst them would easily kill a normal person. I've seen cases in which addicts have required over 100 hydrocodone and acycodone pills every day. Do over 100. How do you like that apples, huh? Maybe he was hiding them in like his apples and orchids. But he sure is right into the quarrel, I'll tell you that. So if you don't believe me or if you would just want to see it for yourself, go out and buy it, go to your public, go to your wind dixie, go to your like local newsstand if you can find one. And get today's October 14, National Enquireau with his big push on the cover although not nearly so fast as it used to be and now we know why. And after the break then I'll just, I mean this story isn't specifically about any of the drugs he's accused of taking but it's about a, a vikoden and about the fact that lots of these painkillers overuse of them causes hearing loss and even deathness in some cases. You see what this is fitting all together? Like a great loss, hearing loss. Don't think gay of your Hoover to figure this one out boys and girls I'll tell you that. 21 till noon at 560 QA and 9. And the world this is Portugal By Blue Bay's anti Ueim. Faster religious in the city doesn't have to pay for the lives of a way, Leahy can can ya? Like a lifting knife, a pay-hola The conference led him alive and say sighted And he's the likely white, the hard to do, speck Funched girl, those are the kind of crappy sheath Red dress, the rungs, the speck Funched girl, a pays-coolie, waves to employees That he's got the parts of, do, speck Funched girl, I caught a pop, the white and the rhetoric of, do, speck Funched girl, the girl, he's got, he drives around in the gut Fairbent, do, speck To got the gift, to replace fallboard, to bang a kiss In the back of this board, that's all it did The bandstand was board, the heart to do, speck Funched girl, a pays-coolie, waves to employees Funched girl, a pays-coolie, waves to employees Funched girl, a pays-kwaner, waves to employees Funched girl, a pays-kwaner, waves to employees Funched girl, a pays-coolie, waves to employees Funched girl, lads to employees Funched girl, l Citizens forever is. Funched girl, I met what is war and fate, Falling—things refueling— Funched girl, I met what is best in her jobs Flip in, almost forgotten, EUCHNE Funched girl, I met what you look like over the road as you love me, Just pull out of its own surprise me, I had a few stitches in my hand last year. My doctor gave me 20 high-growth codones and they're great. They're great! So as Vikoden, when I moved here in 1970, you could buy quailones and valium anywhere for a buck apiece, so F-Rush is a brush, and F-to-druck companies love your show, they're proud to hollywood. Also win one of our regular fractures, he's just joking about any we're good-eating Vegas, that's just a joke, isn't it, George? Yes. I'm thinking to go to Vegas in a few weeks, I've never been there being a schlepper, I can't afford to pay too much for a hotel or my sponsor, very good rates at Circus Circus, and the stratosphere tower you know about these hotels. Strattisquer is way to help there, it's not on the strip, it's way to north and you don't want to stay there, and the Circus Circus, all of Punky kids that are in the end of the year, but it's okay to stay there, just don't gamble there and they'll get that out of there. See, Vegas, it does really make all that much difference where you stay. Right, right, in a bed would be good. A bed would be good, a room would be a shower, a sink that works, that's about it, and then just run a hell out of there. Circus Circus, what? You won't want to be sleeping. That's right. So there you go, there's my best advice to win, have a great time. Someone you think is an asshole, and you hate their work, that's today's pool, it's a twist on the one we did yesterday. 187 votes, oh, there's somebody. Frernations don't develop weapons of mass destruction. Huh? There will be a free and peaceful Iraq. Taking place in Iraq is, yeah, he's seven minutes ago, he's between Iraq and a hard place is what the Bush mice just said. 187 votes and Russia's got 77, it came from nowhere from oblivion, 41.1%. Mohour David at 31, Howard Stern 26, Hank Goldberg 11, George Rodriguez 9, you're moving up fast, George. Let's duck at 9 for now. He can't stand you or your work. Russell, cross six, Steve Kane, six, yours truly six. Robert Downey Jr. 5, Jerry Lewis, vote. Come on, let's see some old. Bill Collins' three Mel Gibson two and one for Gregory, let's hear it. Probably screw-in voted. Now, since Todd and Howard would just told us about his vikkin in? Oh, yeah. This is from the L.A. Times September 10, 2001, so the story is two years old. Miss use of pain drug linked to hearing loss. A powerful and potentially addictive pain killer used by millions of Americans is causing rapid hearing loss even deafness in some patients who are misusing the drug according to hearing researchers in L.A. and elsewhere. So far at least 48 patients have been identified by doctors at the House Air Institute Los Angeles and several other medical centers who treated patients with sudden hearing loss, the hearing problems appear to be limited to people who abuse vikkin and other, chemically comparable prescription drugs by taking exception high dosages for several months of more doctors said. Pinnock and in more of the most commonly prescribed pain killers is frequently used in properly to go down to say, because of the fact that it just singles vikkin and that doesn't mean saying to the others by name, but it says vikkin is a synthetic opiate that the chemical cousin of heroin and morphine. Did that sound awful like what we're reading about Ossi-Kan? Yep, killerly heroin has long been known to doctors as a potentially addictive medication. As soon as vikkin and hit the market, there was a steady stream of addicts said Dr. Pinsky, medical director for the chemical dependency program at Los Angeles Hospital in Pasadena, it's such a huge problem already I don't know how much vigour it could be. Researchers at the House Institute were among the first to connect vikkin and use with sudden hearing loss, they've now identified 29 people who heavily abuse the pain killer and who subsequently suffered a sudden hearing loss, 16 of those were diagnosed in the last two years. UCLA scientists had seen an additional 14 patients with opiate induced hearing loss, mostly from overuse of vikkin and other experts around the country who've been poor seeing at least five more of these cases. How do you like that? Yeah, and you were just talking about opiate anthony. Opiate anthony, right? Exceptionally high doses for several months or more, hearing loss and of course that weight loss. By the net, and of course it's all documented right here. And meanwhile Bush comes out and says, oh he stands behind Rush, rushes is great American Yadia, birds of a feather man. Oh yes. Yeah. The stories they could swap tell long tales together. The prescriptions they could share. Right. As a matter of fact, I think he said he didn't say they saw I'd I think it was like nose to nose. Something like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T and Verizon, where it was fine. Maybe we picked your interest likely there would a little bit of that reading. Nice job on a reading too. I know that's pretty good. Hmm. I say so my so what? That's because once in a while I fumble and bubble. How about Bill Gates? It says somebody you think is an asshole and hate their work. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with that. Why do you just hate Bill Gates? Yeah. So no, okay. Put them on there. There are some competition beside the two words. Rushes like off. He's an only give his own out with 88 pulling away. Like all the others are laying down. Like they're on doggy downers. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. It's an acquaintance at the President's Exof Rush when the Jeff's daughter No, well got busted. What's the call at Oxie? Uh huh. Remember that? Rungs and the family do our remember it just like yesterday. They exactly now. The hurricane's in the mountains. Aren't we blessed to live in the town the old? Why do you want to? Well said. Well said. Amigo. Well, I didn't see what the score was last night about 100 and nothing. What was the score? Scott. What's that? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. I'm abusing that, uh, oxycodone. If you want to see the face behind that voice, the growth test anyway, he does look like a Martian. I forgot. Look on our website, man, for a real hood. I was saying what was the score at a hurricane game last night. But I guess I can just go under a sunset on the website here and take a puket. It's since you don't seem to have any clue. Uh. Oh look at that. Twenty two to twenty. They just, this is sputtering cane survivors scare against the mountain. Here's twenty two to twenty right there in a freaking orange bull. How do you like that, huh? I've had a lot of people are going to the bull after that and they certainly didn't cover. Right? Right. Right. Whatever the spread was, it sure is how it had to be a lot more than two points against the girl school like West Virginia. It could even cover the spread. Wow. Then the thing that the humpers off today, you know what? I mean, any K. Well, he's not until after the cup breaks game, really. It's a lot of chance to pop a few and calm down a little bit. 560, 50560, on the AT&T. See, all of that business. Remember when he was losing his hearing? We all remember that. Yeah. And the country with all poor rush. He can't do his show right. He can't hear the calls. And he's losing his hearing. It isn't this sad. And we all had to feel so sorry for him and all this other crap. And the meantime, it was self-induced. He's a junkie. Right. He's a freaking junkie. And we had all those quotes in there, pontificating about drugs and the people of the doom and take into these liver because he's got to throw a bit of a booze problem. Oh, man. Just like the Catholic Church man all over again. Same thing. Exactly the same thing. Finger pointing. All do you faggot's out there and all you listen on you that. And yaddi, yaddi. And meantime, they got the biggest cost of perversion in his demand kind of Catholic Church. It's a freaking gay club. It's a pedophile playground. It's paradise. Yeah. It's a pedophile paradise. Is it? Absolutely. You bet. And the same thing here, man. What have I always told you all through the years? These right wing assholes. Every single one of them. If you open up the closet door, there's an upskullet in the narrative. I've got them. Cemetery. Forest lawn. God Almighty. Lothanathana Tharaia is credibility is shot. You know, he down the tubes. Of course, he's sick of fans out there. And then he know, he had all poor rush. What can we do? You know, it's like that the fall in the morning and Christians, you know, the sinner. Oh, Jimmy Swagger. We have to pray for the sinner. And the the one who's fallen in and come back, you know, those are the ones that we really. We really get all two's about that. Yeah, how to go perve after they. Take that big fall. Now we have to bring them back to the fold again, bring them back to Jesus. There were good folds again. Here's Oakland. Oakland Park. Hello. Yes, sir. I recorded a small bill in Angel. You got a copy of small bill. No, I do not. Oh, somebody said you got. You got it. Took the call. Said you got a copy of small bill. No, I'll have one somewhere. Okay. Well, if you want to borrow it. Okay. Thanks, bud. I'm just wanted to say something about rush. I wish you to boycott anything that rush promotes or is these books meant for anything. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I just a same way. I think for oxy cotton. And just the same way that they boycott it. The dickets you check these pseudo Christians. Right. You know, the way they turn this page. I think the best thing everybody can do is turn off his show because now he's proven to be a hypocrite in the liar. So why the hell would anybody listen to a hypocrite in the liar? They're hardcore. They're brainwashed. But you know, I just the same way that they turn patriotism into McCarthyism with the dickets you check. So think we should find out whatever, you know, he promotes and boycott that. Like, you know, I don't drink listening or Pepsi anymore. Because they they gave into that. Well, I do like die Pepsi. Well, I used to drink at all the time. I like living a die like tea. I can't drink anymore. Love it. You're talking about the gallon. Thanks a lot, pal. Have a great weekend. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, it's getting dark now. It's going to rain here this afternoon. All the ways going to be all the way up to 15, 59 degrees Fahrenheit. I mentioned it in passing. Liberal swept the Ontario election yesterday. I mean, amazing. 72 seats is only 103 in the Ontario Parliament. And I got 72 of them. The Conservatives 24 and the NDP seven. I mean, they came from a 20 seat deficit as before the yesterday's election and just went it out. They swept them out. They even need my a phone. Someone you think is an asshole and hate their work is. And so far we have 235 votes before faster. And you can say rush is a douche bag. Rush Limbaugh 101. Mo Howard did see again. I'm sorry, Mo. I thought we had a poll that he could win today was a belly aching about that this morning. I apologize. You accepted. Absolutely. Thank you. Rush Limbaugh is just hands down your pants pulling away. He's got 103 now. He's got 36 Howard's 33. There's the battle second place. Hank Goldberg 15 and George Rodriguez for 14. You're right. A hangs ass. George is on. Hanks. But. Just a still for a minute. Need a Roger's eight. Russell Crowe seven. Steve Kane six. Robert Downey junior five. Mel Gibson five. Jerry Lewis. Phil Collins three. And only one vote for Greg Reed and Bill Gates. Although I will say this at least Bill worked for his money and the Greg course. Mary didn't do money. But then again. That's another story for another day in it. Yeah, it's supposed to be not true to what's that about the the military. Mary. Mary for money. Who told you that I didn't say him. I never said that. I didn't say him. Mary for money. I said he married into it. I didn't say. Mary for money. What? Not true. What are you talking about? That's what he said. Well, she her father invented the milk card or something like that. The end of the old. Plastic. Well, what would they make cardboard milk card? Okay. So we had a few bucks somewhere. Oh, who the hell knows when you deal with a pervert heater like him? Who the hell knows what they had to wake it up? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Hey, I'm watching Leon Harris. Good bye on CNN. I'm having time for you. What does this happen there? What? There was a rejoin. There. Why? The Leon Harris is leaving CNN after 20 years. They're giving him a big ovation. And love and dare, and the Dallas, for a bit. And his family is there, and he's crying. And the most memorable thing he ever did though on CNN was that he was talking about Kirby Pucket. Yeah. Right, remember? No. We got some organic medicines for our pool, but we've got to get back to the form. I look at it. It's the 12 to one hour. Yeah, at least for today. Bye, Marley on. He's a pretty good guy. Dark shoes, right? I'm a serpent. I'm a serpent. I'm a serpent. Close your eyes. Take your sniff. Do you smell something in my eye? Oh, no. Close tonight this morning, right? I'm going to fetch it. All right. I'll fill the night all the way. Cut the cheese. I can't run. One on command. I'm a minute holders so grand. All of those smelly things coming out of my break when for you. You all you want me to hold you on those real time. I'll give you all the good things coming out of my break when for you. If you don't need to, I'll let my guess alone. You won't need to. I'll bring it when for you. If you don't need to, I'll throw those real times. I'll give you all the good things coming out of my break when for you. If you don't need to, I'll let my guess alone. I'll give you all the good things coming out of my break when I'm alone. I'll let this place live for a while. Maybe it's been for a long time. I had real journalists on there. It was like a really news network. Yes, CNN. But it's one of those emotional things in its dog and pony show. Whole bunch more names for our pool today. Somebody who think is an asshole than hate their work also. How could we leave off George's W Bush? We leave him off. Pardon? Pardon? Apparently. I have Robert to listen. This whole list is yours to be on there. Todd Smith, Jerry Springer, Mickey Work. Hey, I'm just back to the studio. It's too much to take. Mickey Work. Why didn't he arrest him for saying Mickey, it's my few mother. I said, come over here. You suck around knock you out. That's what I said. Slystalone? Absolutely. Van Diesel, the John Claude God Devandan, Dick Vital and Steven Siga. Mr. Fumis Collings on here by telling me to eat and Steven Siga needs an OI. Mickey Work needs a U. But there you go. Yeah, just passing that whole bunch there. Some good stuff on it. Rush at the moment. And one would put GW on there. He might give Rush around for his money. What do you think? I think he might give him a little contest there. Okay. Let's take one from Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. The Rush Limbatte situation. I'm the Phil. But what he said about Donovan McNaft. And I'm not trying to defend Rush. I think he's an asshole. Yeah. There is a double standard. I mean, if it was a slide down. We've been through that a million times. But he's boring. We know that. 560. That's just a chronic. All right. As soon as he says Neil, I know what's him. This chronic. You know what I mean? Yeah. Because that same kind of like high pitch. Like somebody's squeezing his nuts with a vice. 670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello. West Palm Beach. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes, sir. I'm right here. Okay. Listen. How come Rush Limbatte when they had that information. When I shared a police station, father to check it out. Are they doing selective law enforcement? Yeah. Probably. As far as Mr. Lowblow, when the president, Mr. Ambusher, gave him a... Hey, listen. A great life pal with less of it. 560, 750, 560, pound 560. Well, not stop putting these old cochers on there. I will not talk to them. Okay. I can't deal with it. Anybody that's older than death. If you're like death plus anything, fill in the blank. Death plus... Stop, bird man. That's just too old to me. You know, 130, I can't deal with it. Boy, I guess he must have been auditioning for a show. You think? Here's Fort Pierce, hello. Deal? Yes, sir. I'm sorry. The king of all radio lands. Yes. Anyway, I would like to vote in the interest of fair play for Sammy Soto. Sammy Sosa? Yes. Why do you think he's an asshole? Because I don't care what he says. When he stood up there, he said, well, I take it like a man. I admit it. I was not there in a minute. The bat was sitting there in front of everybody. That's what's the old name, anyway. Yeah. I'd love to tell you about one movie too, and if you ever see to get your opinion. Go ahead. Paul, Dick is Steve. Dick is why? Dick is Steve with Alex Baldwin. Yeah. Have you ever seen it? No, have not. You should run out and rent it immediately. It's fantastic. It's a great movie. Is it a recent movie? I came out in 1999. Never did anything at the box office. I guess I happened to catch it on HBO one night. I bought the DVD. I've seen it like four times. It's like a Steve gangster movie with a revenge deal going on. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's a lot of power. When it's Arnold, he says he will stay focused. He will keep fighting. He denies the ever admired Hitler. He says all he ever said was, You might mention my name. The vice-macher Gary. That's all he ever said. And there he is. And they're just all funny all over him and shaking. I'm going to be next governor of California. It's just you watch it. And if like pinch yourself and you say, can this really, really possibly? And then this quote they're showing on here on CNN is not accurate. They show that line from the New York Times, but they're not showing the one that followed it where the guy went back and said, Well, that wasn't the correct quote. They're the show they're taking that out of context. That's not the line. What's my line? John Charles daily. And now here's who that was on that show? Not Peggy Cass. Who was our lean Francis? I don't want to get a minute. I'm going to get a minute. She was my very divinity service. Matter of fact, when he was alive, I think. No, no, no, she was married to Benadseur. She was married to the other guy. I was on it with the big nose and the big head. The Brian would know. So probably call. I hope not. 560560 it is Arnold never happens again. Yeah, never happens again. We have like a moron governor of California. We already had one. In fact, we had two we had Jerry Brown. We had the moonman Jerry Brown at lady. And we had Ronald, but he forgets the experience. He's trying to forget it. I think it's working real well. And now we got Arnold. There's gay. Great. David's art did say that Schwarzenegger's comments were quote, particularly offensive, but he is saying it's up to the voters to decide. Oh, yeah, he's like, I got another to say about anything. Okay, you decide and we'll let all of this crap pull through it out there and see if it sticks. You know, I say Calacala for me. She just operate without a governor. Can't be any worse. It's a nightmare. Not like a good organized place like Florida. Here's a haven't sure. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. My vote is for the guy you missed. I'm very surprised. Wayne Hezinger. Oh, Wayne Hezinger is good. I don't know why he was at number one on the list. Oh, he's not in the same class with Bush and with with the rush. He's close though. Look what he did for the mallins. Yeah. And look what he did with my career with that. That's really a kind of a building for him and then he like bailed out. That's right. I have to run, but I love you, Shell. Thanks pal. Good choice. Wayne Hezinger, let's get him on here. Okay, let's not let all Wayne off though. Even for all time sake. Okay. Wayne, Wayne, Wayne, Wayne, Wayne. You're a real asshole Wayne and with a really bad complexion too. It goes to show you no matter how much money you got. You still if you look like that. Not much you can do about. Quistied probably don't care. Let's see. Orozio Donald. Rosie. Oh, Donald. Let's say that. That's what it says. What do you think? Of course. Well, sure. He's an asshole. We know that and they despised all they got to do is see her and he gets like physically ill. She's magnificent. This list is going to build. I can smell a cane smell. That's just Rosie. Maybe that's the screen is in a building. Oh, I. I wonder she's got that ankle to gone a re-a thing. You think? That's a zombie. I'll put hanging pastramy thing. Two else a no-dunnel. Yes. Here's the call from Miami. When is this? Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. What's happening? Listen, I got one for your pole. I got John Henry. John Henry. Real little asshole. Yeah, hey, listen. You know what? What do we have nice to see the Red Sorge taking up the butt? We have. Yeah. We're going to be out the three in the world. Hey, Leo. To the south. I live in Gaysville for four years. And when the whole RC cars stuff came out. Let me tell you. Those guys were were holding up. Wazard to take the RC cars. Didn't even come up. They didn't even come up. They're holding junkies. All the water's the damn food. Exactly. I wonder if Russian's from there. Got any? Yeah. I know but I got to join you. I want to follow him. Yeah. Have a great weekend, man. George, you're probably going to call you back in a minute. Don't say 69. It's gone. Come on. Oh. See, on this show, we love drugs. Okay. We like prescription drugs. We like non-prescription drugs. We like addictive drugs. We like non-indricative drugs. We don't pull any punches here. We're not sitting on this. 20 fingers. Right. Right. And of course my biggest drug thing is sugar. I'll tell you that right now. I'm addicted to it. You're probably most unfortunately you can bite over the counter. You don't have to like have your made smuggle in like any anusley turtle ice cream. Oh, by the way, give me any of Ben and Jerry's any fish food. Give me a case. It's the mother load. Oh, my God. So now all of these pieces of this puzzle, because I never heard anybody talking about him being on a diet or anything. And all of a sudden, he went from a big gigantic tub of crap to like a much much smaller tub of crap. And then the same thing went adhering. When she damn near went dick pretty close to it, I had to do that cockleer implant. Don't say it again. Oh, no. 127 votes for Rush. But we don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on list. I don't have WD on listing. So let's open my voice for a few calls for Rush. And there are stats in there and the buttons. So the game is free. Wonderful. And we just have to check out our unasaclunch. I thinkILLOO. Dude, Well, I've been managing the delays. And I agree that, I'm completely fine with him because I want to safeguard my reading. And it makes us want to improve everything. probably wait a little while to see if they you know can catch any bets after losing the rest on the hurt ones not cover last night. You know what I'm saying? They're probably your people who could get it. Well you know what I'm talking about. We've got some folks around at building with a little bit of cash. But it's not. Yeah. I'm not talking about that. Right. Some people that could write some checks to sales department get together and help us with our 445 right now. What about your checklists? You three loaders that are making all that money off those of us on the year and just raping that place. God. The wonderm was always complaining about getting raped in it. Absolutely. Problem in his past noon at 560 WQM. Hey, it's that time of year again in a fall when the furniture stores the mattress show them is run those big glossy ads and they're all phony because that on my Chris wants you to think about it. If you double the price and then say hey, we're going to give a 50% off. Is that really a deal? Is it a sale? No, is it even more talking about the fact is those stores have to run a sale to drop their prices as low as down on my Chris sells them each and every day. 365 days you and then a still don't come close. For real honest, the goodness discount prices on the top names in a business. See me. Sir, a tempered pedic Simmons King Quarra, Stearns and Foster Hewitt. You need to call tool free 1-800 mattress. There's no BS, no nonsense, no bait and swish, no house brands, no falls promises invest of all. You don't pay a single dime in premium for the best service going anywhere. When you call down a mattress at 1-800 mattress, you still get to pick the day and time for delivery any to our windows seven days a week from 8 an a until 10 p.m. like between 9 30 to 11 11 30, between 1-3, between 2-4, between 3-15 and 5-15 etc. And I guarantee you'll be sleeping like a baby the first night. I've been sleeping on a mattress and dialed a mattress for years and all of our other people on the building with any brains are doing the same thing. With low prices, same day delivery, free setup and rules that's easy to see. By dialing mattress is right, number one in the world for customer satisfaction. So don't get sucked in. By those mattress, your arms are furniture's door ends. They're full of a lonely. They can't come close to mention the real great service in prices you get every day from dial a mattress. Pick up that phone right now. The old mattress is lumpy and bumpy and head it and do your back a big favor. Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MAT-T-T-R-E-S or check them out online at mattress.com. Oh, that has only please go away. By the new way, do a tag of a big oval and eat your ovals. Until you explode. Cust like your matte pat choded ladies after you've seen on a plane. Spending your fingers that have been hosting from CTOs and CTOs. After piggy poo nose, how to be practice gusting and pasting your ovals. You make the show do premium smile. They like your gauves, spread it and stand things, things smelly, bad so repulsive and mild. You're about in cheese smells like the crambur. After it was occupied by head, mass learning to shoot more to get into your car. Gush it, you got him wild. I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal, fat lady, living with your numberless team. Savor in and starting the dream between the feet that's material needs. I got another one by the way. How about Miss Fudge? Matt Drog. Can't stand her and her work is nauseating and revolting, and nothing but a byproduct of the manipulation that goes on behind the scene. He's been manipulated and he don't even enjoy it. Do I think it does? Does he like it? Richard Mellon's scape as manipulating. 134 for rush, but the good does is George W. He just went on there like seconds ago, he's already got six. Now that may down sound real close, but a whole wait, just you wait and see. Am I right? Oh absolutely, I'm going to change my vote. Absolutely. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. As a matter of fact, now Miss Fudge puts these dramatic headlight on. Oh, National Aquarys said on that story for two years and they explained the reason they waited on the stories, they had the information, but the reason they, because they, they weren't 100% positive to leave police actually began an investigation. They wanted to just put a bunch of crap in there and smear somebody until they deserved to be smeared and they had proof that there was a semaxial crap that the police were buying into it, which they are. And there's all the emails right there. And there's all the, and they got the audio tape. Let's go to the audio tape. Where's Warner Wilhelm we need him? Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, great chill. Thanks, I got it's Friday. Right now rush is explaining everything on it. Sure. This is funny. It's showing right now. You're going to be... Is he fencing up to doing the drugs? He said he wants to put everything together before he comment. Hey. He got a story straight. He wants to wait for the ship and to come there before he made the open to his big mouth again. I got a good brother. I got a catch the other show with a girl, my heart. Okay. He's got a catch the other show but go Marlins. I think I'm like two mountain listen to that. Yeah, let's start to rush what he said. No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, listen to the party. I'll slap a tight line with comedy. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Mark. There's another rush liquor right there. Another right wing, diddle hit. No, we asked it like to cause we were getting yesterday was really amusing. The first hour like all set up calls. Yeah. I don't like to listen to his miracle bitch they've called in. Yeah. Like you said it was like a daisy chain. Here's Evan Tura. Hello. Yeah. Uh, purchased forty dollars with your product. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Good, good, good, good. One guy who's named comes to mind has really turned into a right wing piece of third. He's got to be pretty funny in down the middle. But now it's become a total chill and that's been a smaller. Right. He's got so bad that they're actually taught him as the next to the next candidate on a California run. Yeah. I think that's around a couple of days ago. They write one of them for a cent of the against Lamborghini. He opens for push on the road. You know, like, uh, even ED for some otter type of thing. Right. I'm not kidding. He's turned into a complete chill. And he's this is a working class guy from Pittsburgh. He can't complain about a sense of humor though because generally speaking, he don't have one. He's been pretty funny and very dry. But he was down. I don't even more. Not anymore. He's totally bought in. He's like, uh, a complete suck-up. Ashcroft and the rest of the gang. It's it's not the eating. Of course, you don't really find somebody funny Nazis around you know. It's kind of like an oxy con and actually more on. Why don't you screen our office at dot diamonds, but he died 20 years ago. I would put him in a window to read them right. But no, exactly. Everyone forgot to tell him. And then he has healthy grabbers making noises about running. Is there nobody normal who can like run for public office in that state? No. Okay. Back. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great weekend. I'm Tonya. I got the answer right now. Governor of California. It's not too late. The election ain't until the 7th today's only the, what is it? Second third. What is it? The third. Got the answer. We give it to you the other day. Oh, I swear. Yeah. He's got the right context. And keep in mind that ABC owns ESPN. I just put that, you know, they're like in bed together. They're all the same organization. In order to one's that put that fat ass on a year that pill popper. Here's a call from Palm Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, sir about that. Hey, you don't have the W on about 10 15 minutes to go. And I don't think you're caught up. But I think he says I saw him. He has free countries. Don't produce weapons and pass destruction. Right. Like the US. Right. Yeah. What if we protect ourselves with scorpions? Poppins. Is it because scorpions? I'm unbelievable. Hey, I've clicked that I think you should catch it's about Toronto. It's called Boo's Canada. Have you ever seen it? No, Boo's can. Oh, it's been because it's about a guy who runs like illegal raids. And it's just one of those movies you're watching. It's done before you finish it. You're just wondering what the hell was of all about. It's classic. It's about the underground Toronto scene with the, they don't even sell any Boo's. It's all about the drugs and all this crap up in there. And it's just in our hero is followed by a bad cop the whole show is brother O. D. didn't his Boo's can. The cop happens to be he's got a little love buddy that he keeps on heroin in a sandbox and his bedroom. Yeah, it's classic and he sees them like he did. The initial scene he gives them like a pepicant. The kid thinks it's junk. So he crawls in the sandbox with the needs in there trying to sniff and eat and he ends up the cop burned him. And the cop ends up getting his in the end too. Oh, right. In the end. Yeah, I don't know what that's all about. Okay, thanks a lot, Pally. Boo's can. Get right on it. I'm going to go out and get one of Sam's noon. How come you don't have Bill O'Reilly on your list? Well, you do now. Yeah. Yeah, it's interesting. A lot of people qualify for a lot of these different lists. We try to like, you know, mix and match and shake the pulls up a little bit. Some of you think is an asshole and you hate their work. We did yesterday. Somebody you think is an asshole, but you love their work. And I want to hands down hands down your pants. But somebody think is an asshole and hate their work. Russia's got 137. Let's take a look at the way this is shaping up down. See if W is going to give me run for his money. Yeah, he's climbing fast. Is he climbing it? Oh, yeah. Moors got 45. Howard sperm 33. You got 21. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. You just hopped ahead of the Humper 20. We chatted grab Humper before it gets away. I'm a homeroid. George W's got 11. I got 10. Russell Crow 8. Now gives him 60. K. Mr. Ego 6. That's his audience. Robert Downey Jr. 5. Jerry Lewis 5. Greg Reed 3. Phil Collins 3. Bill Gates 3. A pair for Rosio Donald. A big fat ugly pair. Van D'sles got a pair. One for John Claude Van Dan Pat Robertson Wayne Hypinga Jerry Springer sliced alone and no votes yet for a whole bunch of people. Touch mitt Steve Sigal Sammy Sosa, Dick by town Steve Sigal and Dick by town and a cartridge in a pair of tree Mickey work. Well, guess who's going to say the national anthem to the game that he's got. Who's that? Well, let me now give George a clue. The guy with the eyes. He's not the one who's going to sing it, but that's the clue. Marty Feldman. No. The guy with the eyes. Our guy with the eyes. Yeah. Favorite group. Oh, no. Not David Cassidy. Yes. The audience is probably wondering how did he ever get it from that clue? I had to connect five dots. Well, he's a big cartridge family fan. Oh, yeah. He's all the game. I'll get you to be blow up. Hey, watch out David for the guy with the eyes. Okay. Paints his ass. I like that must like that yellow bus right and probably has the down at any bone-to-do spec blow up. Duffer the weekends. A guarantee he don't have those Susan Day one. Yeah, something rhymes with day. Here's key largo. Hello. Gay. Key largo. Yes, sir. Hey, what's happening? Yeah, I got a name. Someone is nominated for your poll. Okay. Hillary Rodham Quinn. Okay. Yeah, he is a big hit. If she's done any work, I don't know about it, but I guess hob now with politicians or work and a hater for it. Okay. Good choice. I like it. I love you, Sean. Yeah. Thanks a lot, Paul. I'm fine. My advice to everybody. Don't waste your money on that book. I read a couple of pages on here and I couldn't stomach it anymore. It's right here. You want it? I'll just hand it to you right through the radio. I'll give you a free copy. I don't want it. I don't want anybody even seeing that I got possession of it. It's too embarrassing. Shredded. Only one thing we can really say about Hillary. Call her. That's f***ing that. Yeah. By the way, Robert Kardashian died yesterday. We mentioned that on the show, but I just mentioned it again in passing. OJ's personal attorney before all these other hot shots came in the dream team. Yeah, and I will never find that night. The dream team. This is what America has been reduced to. The freaking dream team and the Deonsander's prime time tour. Everything is stupid. If you have any kind of intellect, if you have an IQ larger than your small toe on your right foot, then you're out. Odd man. You're the odd man out as they say here. Because everything that's in is stupid. Like Arnold for example, I shall say exactly. He'll thank you. Like Arnold. Because dumb as in. Perfect timing, Arnold. Couldn't have run it a better time to be governor California. Hello. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It can't really be happening. Tell me I'm sleeping. 26 past noon. You know something you're right. You're going to win the 8 bucks. I know it because it doesn't make any. He could hold a press conference right now. Come on and say eight all-fitler was I like his meets seasonings. Eight all if he makes the best tenderizer going anywhere. Love it all and I hate women and I can't stand it. Just a piece of ass that I want to abuse and use and bang their brains out and he'd give more votes. He could goose that march out wearing the Hitler costume that he could get around. He bitch in California. He probably get like double the votes. God. You're right. He's in. I said it would also is in Halipaniak. That's right. There are in Vogue again. Well, I haven't for a long time 35 years and I've got forsaken town and the reason they've been around so long as cause they treat you right. Give you unbeatable deals like the 2003 Neorages blowouts. Salah's haven't been right now at Halipaniak. GMC are good pizons. Tom Limens your prey to an all-fitfokes at Halipaniak. You'll be the lowest president. Tom like. Neel deal number one. Save yourself up to seven grand with a highest rebates of the year plus get deep deep down into your pockets discounts. And all remaining 2003 models including the Yukon and the On-Voy XL. Neel deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five years at Halipaniak. Listen to this. You can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT for only 259 bucks a month or 36 months. You get 12,000 miles a year and you pay only 25,000 bucks out of pocket. You can't be that. And of course, Halip's also got an unbeatable select and certified pre-owned cars trust-ness UVs. If you're a little bit lear about shopping for a car because when they ask for your credit report, it's got a blimmer shirt to want it like your ass. No problem. Credit is rarely a problem in Halipaniak because they want to work with you to get you a deal. It's the 2003 blowouts sale going on right now at Halipaniak GMC 134.134.136. You're high with that's you us when across from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more info call the Neel deal Hotline. They'll explain it to you answer all your questions. One, Triple 8 53444211. That's one, Triple 8 5344211 don't forget all these amazing Neel deals are submitted to credit approval. See the folks at Halip for details at Halipaniak GMC. You can't be them with a stick because they are professional great. I'm a little bit of a crap getting slaughtered in Iraq. I'm a push to decay the traders all the people that want to know this only one way to go. You gotta regend whose papers but no one can't do that. They just want to be in front of that TV. Think you would happen to them and go to be happy to be so. But it's about who he who who and then who they have who who they say what are you saying? They would never go to my leave ya. Don't bother me with you but information I don't want to leave it. I don't want to believe it. Don't confuse me with the fact I get the fair and fair let's say the mentally challenged. Believe all this few would box news they don't lie. Don't tell me that I'm busy picking things up my ass. I don't say I didn't want you to say they're looking California. I think we finally found somebody who can be both George W and Moa one of these pulls. It's the rosh by steward. The pill popper. The hippocrid. 5605. What about the ionic breeze? Anybody ever ordered one of those from sharp aromage? Nope. I see that add on there. I just wrote down a tool for your number from sharp aromage. I'm thinking ordering one of those. Don't. Why not? Everything in the sharp aromage is twice the price of wherever you're looking for. You haven't written 50 bucks. You find anything that they have anywhere else for hat the price or 60% of their price. Okay. All we're going to have this honor again. He says he's going to be governor of California. He's just feeling reports. He wants expressed aberration for adult Hitler. Right. We believe you on whatever you say we believe it because you married to Maria Schreiber and she got to keep it her chin up. Here's a call from alto springs. Yes sir. All right. Just talk about the office so much. I can give you the street flying up and I'm saying it's not like you're talking about. You call my hostess or O.C. Okay. All right. Thank you, Cara. Have a good day. How about Maria? Step on. Maria step on. You hate her and her work. Good to your choice. Add a bad echo on that phone. Okay. Let's get some O.C. Isn't that set for over the counter right thought? Gloria step on. What can you imagine if you could buy those over the counter? Russia would be hopping over the counter. He'd be climbing over it. Give me the goddamn O.C. man. I got a prescription here. Damn it. I should be the whole thing again. Oh, I was vibrating. If anybody else missed the rush lumbassie, then did like that punk that called out of what I was doing. Oh, good off. A rush. You really believe this time. And even my close friend for rail that were like going to bed for a big time. Give him a made that crap on a cross over this morning about you. Believe this made like the he thinks the inquiries like the tatler and the weekly world news. No, the inquiries worried about the credibility man. And also I'm getting sued. Right. Things like that. Little minor things like that. Which isn't to say they're betting 100%. But if they waited all this time to put it in there and then the police started to guide them probe for legit and they have all the tapes and they got all the email. The emails are right in there. All their stories are fully betted you. You bet. I like my bets. For example, here here's the emails. They got three four six eight nine of them. Here's one dated Wednesday of number 21st 2001 from Wilma Klein to private. I'm waiting for my contact to drop off. He is not contacted me and I can't get a hold of him. All I have is 50 on hand. And here's the response from Marshall Limbaugh at private thought obesity and broadcasts do never work dot com to Wilma Klein. Subject rate not good. God damn. I replied immediately after you wrote this morning. You said you didn't get that get it. When are you leaving and can I persuade you to delay? Damn it. Then she responds. I got a, oh I see. This is another day. January 3rd 2002. I got a thousand big blues. His response to that on the same day. Holy moly. Okay. Give me some idea if you're available to me today. Slice tonight. I got a thousand big blues. Here's another one from him to her. January 16th 2002 and keep a sharp eye out for some small blue babies. April 1st 2002 you can't keep me posted during the show or emails not in the distraction. Oh, because you don't have to hear email. You can actually see it. So evidently he's laughing is what the guy said before to when I was so desperate, but to turn back one of the other one of those little heads. What the, what the, what the, what the, what the, what the, he's not going to talk. He's not going to be any honest answers. He just keeps giving that that standard thing. Well, I don't know if any investigation that's going on. And I have been informative any police investigation or any other interrogation, all the other crap. But what does that have to do with the facts? Pills pop in the rush. What does that have to do with anything? Hippocrite, phony, bull crap artist. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, I don't know pretty good. I'm I'm over Miami today. I want to, I want you to come over to like maple stuff. I miss I live West Palm Beach. I enjoy your show. But an addition to you, Alicia, be your ass croft or that, uh, and Coke or bitch. Well, you see, but when you see, you hate their work. I mean, we don't want to put all the political people on here. I have like, we're not on that. Ashcroft isn't really politically. He's just not to. Yeah, you're right. Also, as Hitler, he was a, he was a Nazi politician. Well, I'm going to go with an answer because otherwise if we put, if we put on an ask for, then we got to put rummese fell down there. We got to put all those other, you know, right? And colder belongs on there because she's a star. She's a celebrity. Oh, absolutely. Hey, they're working. I've talked to her a couple times. She just, I get into her skin and she just all hang out. It's like my daughter. I've been banned from his first show. Good. Good. Oh, and you'll group me from the West Coast. Cross and culture off. She don't fit in with this group here today. Enjoy your hate their work. What work? Why is she doing any work? Oh, she's just a Eva Brown Junior. That's all. She's working at the post-traumy dripping bitch. I'll see. And I noticed W is not really moving up there the way you thought. I think Rush may be in the course this pool would be up all week and long. Someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work is Rush Limbaugh 149. Moe Howard David at 48. Moe, you can't, you can't lick Rush's ass. Howard Stern 34 George W 28. I mean, I grant you we just put him on there while ago, but he's, he's not like zooming up, you know, he get that initial Rush. I mean, initial burst. George Rodriguez 23 Hank Goldberg 20. You're pulling away from the Humper. I got 11 Russell Crowe's got a Mr. Ego Steve Kains got seven S. audience plus one, Mel Gibson six Robert Downey Junior and Jerry Lewis and Rosie O'Donnell five. Wayne Hypinga's got four. Painted balls, thought Wayne. Three O.C. for Greg Reed Bill Gates, Pat Robertson, Phil Collins. These people have a pair, a pair for Van Diesel, Mickey work, Todd Schmidt. And one for Slice the Lo John clock, God Dan Sany's, Sosa Jerry Springer and that's it. Nobody else got none. Even Hillary don't have none yet. Wow. Like Linda Blair said in time, in time. Oh, you got to see the exercises and the, the, the DVD version with the extra scenes and everything in there. What's presosive? What were those little spring things those toys that we used to have 100 years ago that Slinky's that would go like up to stairs, you know, that what she's doing in there. And the one scene where she's like going backwards down the stairs with her head like turned around by a backward making a flanky sound. Love the excess is baby. Father. I think I'm losing my religion. And of course, Michael Stead comes here to that bar and he finds out it's a gay bar. Twenty-two one and they figure out we're right at home. I wish I had the almond brothers and man. But man, I know I got to hear somewhere. Don't I? Yeah, you did. And one of my rules. I had the almond brothers and my drawers. Hey attention on you horse racing nuts out there. Pompano park kicks off. It's 40th anniversary season. Starting next Friday, October 10, a week from tonight. And it's pretty excited. The track will feature top-class nighttime horse racing high stakes poker. And like Dick Finder, we say, if you love our poker, there's a new post time of 705 PM for the harness races. And the poker will be open from noon till midnight every day that we have live racing. Pompano park is also open seven days and nights a week featuring the best cymbal casting going harness, stirbread, high life from all across North America, feed a watch and plunge your guts on. And don't forget that general parking and admission are always free at Pompano park. South Florida's favorite word, free. And new this season is a 20% increase in which means we're going to have some outstanding racing. And that'll give away of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free. There it is again, power player rewards program. It gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker so you can redeem for a special gift in betting vouchers free. There it is again. And an opening night next Friday the first 500 fans at Pompano park aged 18 and older will get a free. There it is again. $2 a pick for a wager plus its family fun night next Friday. A live radio broadcast with some schlebb and drugs to get into it a money machine with a $1,000 inside or you can when seascape dinner or cruise tickets to. So whatever you do make a put it on your counter right now, market down in your counter George. Okay. X marks the spot next Friday at 12.10. 705 first post time at Pompano park for opening night for the 40th anniversary celebration. Pompano park a blast out of Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road for new race schedule for the simultaneous schedule call 9.5 9.7 to 2000 or check them on a web at Pompano Park.com and plunge your guts out. I just got a good boy. Yeah, because John Stimo has been a spout on P. She's a perfect night. She likes the flash of dancing. When she don't have those on you. She's hanging like the straw me on right ankle. There's rancid snack. And culture's rancid snack. Imagine what you can catch from in cold dirt snack. Don't be a part of scratch is with a brush. She's banged a roll though and ill know about you'll never get drunk and call her rancid snack. And culture's rancid snack. A swirl of blue crap and called her rancid snack. Using plum jen boys jerry. Making out her boys. Walking with the deal though. Curly can't decide if her buck and hulkers rancid snack. Raccoon. And culture's rancid snack. Come on. What a catch. And culture's snack. You think she wrote a dog name patch? 1246 is five 60. Here's the poll idea. I think I like this. Over the year this is for future time. I'm making a big pile of pools. Okay. Oh, a pile. Yeah. That's what I heard you did out there. Over the year is which celebrity do you think has aged the best? Oh, very good. That a good poll. And the ones I got here John Stimo is because he's doing these spot nine or was four, but he looks so basically pretty good. Brad Pitt and Sophia Loren. Barbara Eden. Barbara Eden's who a lot that's not to it now. But I mean there's four to start. But just put the put it in the back on the back burner. Is Barbara Eden? Not yet. Just put like it. Maybe she's at the Eden Center. Five six seven oh five six here's a facts from Christopher. This is a very revelatory facts. Well, I like the way I said that. And I should put out before we just thank all right. Okay. This first of all a pool suggestion Richard Dreyfus. I hardly agree in fact. I'd like to change my vote. Not only is he a cancerous polyp on the inus of humanity, but he's also the most overrated actor I've ever seen. I mean many people consider him to be great in one. Not anything I've ever seen him in. I definitely hate his work. He'll get my vote. Thanks Chris. That's a good choice. Richard Dreyfus got it. Got it. He blows. Yeah. It's a spies dead man. And the close encounters of the third kind was enough to make me want to hop on the ship and get the hell out of here. And then he goes on to say, here's the crux of Christopher's facts. I have to tell you about the assholes at the hurricane game last night. I was there and I love the hurricanes and I'm ashamed of how poorly they played. Some players were talking on their cell phones on the sideline. We're going back to the lawless Jimmy Johnson Dennis Erickson years very rapidly unfortunately. But I'm infinitely more ashamed of the assholes and the stands. Not only am I fellow hurricane fans, but also my fellow software ridians. From the assholes who ran out of the field of the assholes who were manhandling a young woman while many people were chanting, rip off or top, rip off or top to the Maniac who was yelling released the F. and Hounds over and over again. They phony British accent at the top of his lungs, screaming at little kids, screaming at old people, screaming at the cops who came up to where them to shut up the dinner restaurant, jack of course. And especially to the jerks who high-fied this guy in the gun away out after we escape by the hair on our ass. Holy crap, Christopher says, no wonder everybody hates us. Maybe there's a self-help club step program for things like this. I love my alma mater, but I don't think I want to be associated with pretends like the ones in the stands. Yes today. Hanging my head and shame says Christopher. How do you like that? Thanks for you refreshing honesty Christopher and you are absolutely correct. But you're losers. Here's another, this is not worth reading. Not worth reading about the Chimulus Wonders. I hear they play a good Dutch hymnball Arnold and Maria. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's my any hello. You know. Yes sir. I have a vote for your poll. Okay. Even though he's insignificant little weasel at the situation. He's already on there. Yeah I know but just okay he's already on there so keep your weasel comments yourself. Okay. I know what's the need for that. Do we need that? Nobody on there. So go forth on the if they were this guy probably can't afford to be. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and there are a lot of overlions. Now they're probably all over there. I've looked at it with that crap, you know, which wouldn't surprise me. That's okay. We can hang out and I also noticed I didn't hear anybody come over an announcement from you guys. Anybody came rushing you would a check for a band of pair rescue? Did you say rushing? Rushing in? No. No. You're very nice. But no wonder you have a radio show. Well I mean mad dogs out at the abol park and hanks off today and who else could be around but I mentioned the sales department specifically. I bet you're some an emerald building right now sitting around filming your fat faces. Yeah but what does this charity have to do with sports? What does this show have to do with their income a lot? Is that so much to ask for 445 bucks? 4 bucks. For abandoned per rescue. I'm serious 445 bucks. We ought to be able to raise that in a building in 10 minutes. Just whip out those checkbooks and let's go. Okay get us to the that 30 more. About 30 minutes. 40,000 be a nice way to end this week. It'll be a shock to me too because we really we're crawling along. Be a beautiful thing. But is it gonna happen? No. Because once again like always in a duck gave us a nice check. You have a day couple hundred two fifty I think. That was good. That was a good set for anybody else in the building help us out yet. No. No. Like a few bucks? No. A nickel? No. Quarter? No. Penny? No. Penny's from heaven. No. No. Nothing. Boy. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a call from Miami. Buenas tardis. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm all summer. What is it? Summer. Summer? Summer you mama. Some of this. Oh yeah hi. Some of this and some of that. Okay. 560560 pound 560. I mean don't don't put yourselves out okay. I don't want you to you know, strain because the weekend is here. Just take it real slow. Get on your hands and he's pop a couple of oxycontons that'll pop you up. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yes sir. I got one for you. What about Orion get everybody worked up in a frenzy North Cross. You hate him? I hate him like poison. Okay. You got a man. Yeah. Thank you work for home people. Doesn't he get stuff everybody's home coming get you going ball at ship from all the time? Yeah. I think we all hit at that time didn't we? Even I hit it. I took a hit. Yeah. Let's have another hit. Rush. What do you say? Brian North Cross. Good choice. He hates him like poison and what he was trying to say before we got a little carried away when we had a dump him. Is he thinks he's on a homo cross a depot payroll. And that it the homo depot. Yeah. That's right. Go get you. And in fact, we probably ought to get our viscween to induct tape while we're there and all the plywood for that next day storm. There is a big storm out there, but it's like they're going to be one of those away up there in the middle of Atlantic and it's going up north. You might hit same John's or something like that if we get it luck. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. I guarantee if you looked there. Oh, door will open right now with next few seconds. And there will be a line of people out there with their checkbooks out waiting them at you. Hey, we want to put knee over that 30 grand buddy in the week. Just to show them how much we appreciate the phenomenal job he does with those big ratings and like goosea this all up and making us all this money. Every in minutes and all is a profits into a few way. I'm going to be a broadly broadcasting thing here. They'll be lined up out there in a hallway. Do you believe me? No. Here's a call from Margie. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm going pretty good. Canadian citizen living down here South Florida. All right. My mom's the same job. What do you got to get same John's? No, it just happens to be where the thing if it goes due north it's like in the, but it's not going to happen. It's a storm out there. It's not much there to hit anyway. You're right. That's that. Ionic breeze. You're asking about theonic breeze anybody called about it. I was not having you. You're the first one. It's a great thing that you got to get one for every room. They try to make you think that you can get two of them for the whole house. And you have to be living at a porta party. If that was okay. But they were afraid of a second. And second, mortgage if you might have you on Furrier room in a house. My god, those things are like 350 bucks. Now you can get them in the TV. You get two of them for I think it's above 59 and they throw in a couple of little ones for the bathrooms. Oh, really? Yeah, yeah. $100, $69. You get two of my got four of them. They work great. They're off. You gotta clean them. Yeah. What you did, you just wipe them off of the cloth, right? Yeah, that's it. A wet cloth. They work great. When in doubt you wipe it out. If you still had the little one, take it real good. Yeah, I sure do. All right, you let's all I got. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day. All right, bye. Okay, now what is this from George? Now this isn't from you. No, from another George. I see a Jorge does a cup. Uh, well, who's this inside the building? Well, what is the M. Understand? Oh, I see. It's our it's our sponsor at Cleaner Restoration. I see. Says yes, we'll be back and Ray Ionic Breeze for God's sake. Don't buy that piece of shmit. Email me or an Alex plane. Huh? There you go. Email that. Well, I mean, George is obviously in a business. He does want me to buy that thing and they'll be back on with us. And we love them and they're great in the yoddy. And maybe he'll help me. Not that I have any big problem here. I don't have the allergies. Thanks to my allegory every day. But I know where you live like down there. You got all the mold in here and the hot human and everything. And up north, you've got like, uh, oak and elman grass and all the stuff. A lot of grass. Really? I'll be right out there in the streets. They're all smoking it. Liberals swept Ontario by the way. How do you like that? All of North America's turn to fascism. I proudly say, how's it going? I love seeing it. Five six. Well, by the way, speaking of fascist O'Malley calls gay marriage a threat to who wait waiting into the public debate over same sex marriage. Boston Archbishop Sean Peo Malloy yesterday told a group of religious leaders that any redefnish the marriage must be seen as an attack on the common good and a threat to the American family already under siege because of divorce. The Archbishop and his fruit, out by the way, Casey Tune in late because I realize people, you know, not everybody can listen all day long. But we didn't have an important call on the bat line in the early part of the show from the Holy Father in the Pope's side. The Archbishop and his first extensor marks on the issue since he was installed instead of the Boston Archbishop in July after they dump cart in the laws of the Earth. All the members of our community regardless of their religious persuasion or their sexual orientation to realize what is it stake in to oppose any attempt to alter the definition of marriage to alter boy the definition of marriage. Now can a priest marry an alter boy? That's okay. And I wonder how they form that holy union together. It's called five six seven, five sixty pound, five sixty on the AT&T. See, this is another thing that puts butter the Catholic Church. He's urging the rest of the community. See, why should anybody the rest of the community listen to the Archbishop of Boston or the Pope or the rabbi or any of these people? Okay. If it ain't your fairy tales, what happened? Mind your own business, okay? But not the Catholic Church man. A can't stop sticking in those in a born again Christians, the same crap and the Orthodox Jews, the same baloney. Like Julie Roman, by the way, in the good news is he's doing crappy in a poor. There's a big article. I didn't voice our space on our website with it today, but he's doing squat. I ain't saying. Maybe over he's got a shot speaking a squat. Is real? If you only place where he's like even in the north is Oklahoma. Because they haven't figured out he's like you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 1257 and 560 WQM. If you look at a replace that tired old carpeting in your home, let me tell you about lamina terros. They're the easy little maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which is beautiful, but a costy and arming four legs. Lamina terros is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe. They got them all perigre or progre. Wilson art, unifluorn quick step. What did I say? You got it? And all of lamina terros flooring is installed by perigre certified installers too. Here's another reason why I ought to be calling these people an absolutely nobody else because their prices are so astonishing low that they'll probably floor you. Right now you can get their false special for just 1495 bucks. That's right. Let me say it again. Just $1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring. It is positively unbelievable. Elamina terros will match any legitimate written offer too. How can you beat that? For a free no obligation in home estimate, call lamina terros toll free at 1 877 777 733 36 to piece of cake. They make it so easy. How could you possibly turn this down? They give your free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and many years of beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring. Calm today and tell them that crusty old needle flooring to call lamina terros toll free 1 877 777 733 36. 995 and low. 644 2356. I've got rocher and this is the 1 2 1 2, Well, I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know his true. He's my nephew too. I feel my daddy is my uncle. So, my mother is my dear and flow. It is very plain to see my first cousin is me. I agree. All right. 101 at 560 WCM don't forget to mandalga be doing a show out of Gigi at PP Park this afternoon. Gonna have a gigantic crowd. 50,000 60 maybe a million. I'm gonna be out there for the Giants of Marlon Game starting at 406 to 7. I'll have to pregame at 330. 3 and about 1. I'm not 3d man. And then you've got the Cubs in a Bravestonite as if that isn't of her 7 at 830. Baseball off the ass on QAM. We have that Panther game? No. No. But that's shocking about the Hurricanes Damier losing the West Virginia. And that's something. That is amazing. You could not be over the goddamn feather. Here's a call from Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. No one else on the radio is good. That's for Damshir. Hey, I got somebody for the pole. That barbersray thing. Can't stand her and you despise that what she calls that music. Yeah, that's not music. And then the goal she has to go in front of people at universities and lecture them on politics is just absurd. And the cross dies don't forget in the big nose. That's offensive as well. Okay. Thank you, pal. Wait one more thing. Yes sir. I can't really call this called the wrestling bottle loses hearing. Because those kinds of drugs were how I do that article. Those pink and drugs, that's one of the side effects. All right. That's because it's called Hildenny Hurricanes. So it must be in the bucket in the family. It must be in the same family. That's new to me man. I'm a doctor. It's new to me. But I already are. Well, I didn't just make it up. Was in the early times. All right. Don't pop too many men. Take care. Okay. He's a doctor. He's that. Yeah, we still right now. But he just changed a little research. You want to check it out. He's checking it out. Should always research your drugs. Right. Exactly. 560, 50560, pound, 560 on the AT&T of a rise of wireless line. Lost all of that weight. Losing is hearing almost to the point of being death. Be for death. Be for the cochlear implant. And what can I tell you? It's just all a bunch of coincidences. It could happen. Right. And it's a, you know, scam. What do you mean, guys? It's a liar. The, oh, that's right. She just made it up and encarmed it up and the whole world is up to get rush. And I have to get the W and I have to get anybody else. I did it. To be right over a, I still have the hunt. Liberal conspiracy. Someone you think is an asshole. And you hate their work is rush. Limbao 159. Nobody is touching rush yet. More Howard David at 52 George W. 43. I thought he'd be zooming up. There he's not. Howard Stern 34. George Rodriguez 27. Hank Oberg is stuck on 20. The arroggies 14. I'm at least in double digits. Russell Crow eight. Rosie O'Donnell and Steve Kane have seven of piece ever seen together. No, same person. Pat Robertson six Wayne Heising and Mel Gibson each have six. Sace. Jerry Lewis, Robert County Junior have five of piece. Four for Phil Collins and Hillary and three for Mickey work, Reg Rebelled Gates and the others. So that he's not even talking about yet. Right. When you agree? Yes. Sure. GOP senator says as crops should consider we queues along Lee Crow. A pro. But of course he is absolutely correct. John Ascrop came under increasing pressure yesterday to recuse himself from the CIA leak investigation. We've once seen you read public and senator saying the attorney general should consider doing so. Now I still don't know how you pronounce her name. Plame, plain. I believe it's plame. Plame, you know you said that yesterday so must be plain must be. Ask whether White House politically Carl Rose history as a political adviser to ask. Craftsman is going to tour the goober in the tour on Senate campaigns. We're grounds for the trade general to step away from the case. Senator Arlin Specter that that I remember Bush inspector. Yes. Said recusal is something ask. Craft that a consider now a little background on senator Specter by the way. He's believes in magic and witchcraft obviously because he remember the war in commission back in 1960 whatever it was investigating the assassination of President Kennedy and he's the one to concocted that magic bullet theory. Here was this bullet that was like ricochet and it was off the president's heads and off the dash and off the governor calmly's ass and off your rain is all to the place. And then the best part of it is that same bullet was on the stretcher at Parkman Hospital and Dallas and it was pristine. Oh my god it was as pristine and clean as some old queen. I mean it was amazing. Something as clean as Bush's blood. And now he's a member of the Senate. You see this and of course Gerald Ford was also on the war in commission and one day he became president. Dumber than saw us, Dumber than Dan Quail, Dumber than W if that's possible. Zipop. He was right in there. I mean, I'll hold the whole line about him as he couldn't walk and chew gum with the same time. That's always a real great. Of course nobody elected him. Right. When Dick Nixon gave that famous wave goodbye and I'm out of crook. He was interesting and he gave a provide a lot of fun. Dick. But he's long gone. He's dead. Anyway, so that's the ideal now as there's seen a ask off out of the out of there. The justice department asks this week at launch of criminal investigation into who became the member of the wake of coach D те. Theiphia of SCEI, operative Valerie Plumey plain in Zi- zij column whose the b hani district officer of Wilson escapes outside the white house of leaking a sadtern flaws again toward his son, he rey all the way home talking simply without the sums. aside from those shows, that's just a historic scene. All right. We did the thing yesterday about all the conflict of interest with the ask crops and a couple of others there and the boon in the bush boon And isn't it something that you notice how this is all fitting together now just dawned on me now Even I'm a little still I guess we're overwhelmed with a rush pill pop and stuff But the thing with Arnold and the Nazi it fits in like a glove. That's sure we got Nazis everywhere No kidding. I think I think what we ought to have book a bride if you're listening We got a few Nazis song how about instead of assholes on parade, which I played earlier how about Nazi's on parade The ad are while supremacists you know that the forces pulling this brings in the government are closing down on an All those great websites we've become a custom too. Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on oh wait That's that's fine Other problems remain for this radio broadcast or law enforcement sources say it's unclear if Lambo will face any charges Sending from an investigation of illegal prescription painkillers Senate National Course Monocies and Candy Adias the latest you go girl Law enforcement sources tell CNN Rush rim on his surface in an ongoing probe into the black market sale of prescription painkillers Including oxy-contin and hypercodone in Florida the drugs can only be legally obtained with a doctor's order for example oxy-contin it's four five times stronger than heroin Yeah Like I said then that's one of it's telling you you're too into no one to get a story Say they became aware of Lambo when his former housekeeper Wilma Klein who worked for Lambo at his oceanfront Palm Beach home Came to them with secretly recorded tape conversations She said she had with Lambo about drug buys a law enforcement sources investigators are convinced the voice on the troops along to the Conservative talk show host our law enforcement sources Lambo's former housekeeper claim she met with him at this gas station and other Public places to make some of the drug deals over a four-year period the woman claims She was paid about $200,000 for the pills Limbo issued a statement that does not directly deny he illegally bought drugs quote, I am unaware of any investigation by any authorities involved He said no number of medical representatives contacted me directly or indirectly if my assistance is required in measure I will of course cooperate fully in 2001 Limbo talk with listeners about taking legally prescribed drugs to treat his hearing problem quote You would not believe the medications that are flowing through me in an attempt to reverse this I'm popping pills. I'm shooting up stuff. I've never done stuff like this before right if such a A Drug allegations surface the same day Limbo talked about his split from ESPN Limbo said he quit to blunt the affair over his remarks about Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan Now suggesting he gets favorable press because he's black It was not a racial opinion. It was opinion about the media Say to say this has not been a good week for Rush Limbo. It's unclear whether he'll be charged in the investigation Law enforcement sources say their overall probe is targeting suppliers and sellers Susan can the yaddy CNN Miami. Oh right nice gone Susan. I love her. She's great. She loves us too Remember the time I'm sure you do it That's the nickel slut through him with a camera crew to do a story about diets and it had nothing to do with the Ancons or whatever I was on and they said it all up and they've slut me up there And I had to apologize to them because it had nothing to do with me That was the nickel for a course. He had a little boo-boo-boo-boo What he was a little bit inquiring from time down in the case. I think was just natural. He didn't have any problems. He could afford it Now what is that what What word did you say a for Oh he drove a for it. I don't know that Problem and it's after one at five sixty W to QMI totally disassociate myself from George Rodriguez I have no idea who he is and ever heard of him. I don't know his name I don't know what he looks like or smells like I don't know how short he is. I mean Now let's see how are you doing on here you got you can't catch Howard Stern yet But you're starting to move up there you pull it away from the Humper and me. What's like at home? Hey, listen you'll have to wait till you get home or any place Sustard or great mattress from Donald mattress although it's probably good I need to call from there because there'll be there so soon before you can bat an eyelash before you can say rush is a big fat hypocrite I'll be knocking on you door Each and every day of the year 365 days a year Donald mattress beats the pants off those vetting and furniture stores because this study at the same load Disconprices they're not even within the reach of those other guys because when you sharpen those other places You have to pay for their expensive overhead which telemetres doesn't have so for discount prices legitimate ones on dozens of models from Temporpedic and surva and cv King coil Simmons Stearns and banana foster called 1-800 mattress no nonsense though baton switch no house brand no phony promises in best of all You won't pay at extra penny for the best service going anywhere when I talk about service believe you me There's no place in a world it doesn't like them when you call 1-800 mattress They let you pick today in time for delivery and they actually show up in an act to our period like noon to two one to three Etc from 8 in the morning till 10 and night any day seven days a week when's convenient for you and you'll be sleeping well right away Like I have for years now with my dollar mattress with low prices same day delivery free set up a removal It's easy to see by dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction So don't be sucked in by those mattress show them in furniture store ads They're not in the same league with the professionals at the animatres that's their only business pick up the phone right now And call them toll free you'll be sleeping with a big smile on your pussy soon as tonight Maybe even get lucky even if you're only alone call 1-800 mattress that's 1-800 M-A-T-T-R-E-S or online it's Macrist.com And This is 4-205 City You can weigh in I'm loving it when that awesome I guess Wish Mac I work for a car I'm getting real care I'm a man how you do it hey great game last night I was a pause I was in the next shoot better than last night I mean it was like boom boom boom boom Time to the full three point of the ticket at home right now I'm not a talk sportsman Pretty much all the time The guy pops the infield right let's just go right close to how feel they drop it me while the judge is bringing another one home Right up thinking about what's going on That is while the rest of us are trying to work for We're gonna Subtune the assumption last time was like boom we're going downtown hands on That's why I decided to tell Charlie about the bottle bill and over the countermedication made Especially for overactive conversation lists because my co-workers and I are well We were concerned about Charlie now with the bottle bill Charlie can relax and we can get some work done right Charlie Charlie Just blink your eyes twice if you can hear me Charlie okay Okay Charlie I'll watch the drill. Hey great game last night That's not a no-jrow. He's a libanaville. You've always directed I got the story of over that doctor that called a few minutes ago Who acted amazed and dismayed and surprised and shocked he goes to show you doctor It really pays listening to the around your show especially if you have like people's health and lives in your hands Because here's the story the latest one and other story was from the early times from two years ago But here's an update from today's February. I mean October 3rd Friday upon Beach Post And it says prescription over use length of sudden hearing loss ready for that okay Shall I read that headline again from today's Palm Beach post prescribed for his over use length of sudden hearing loss And it says I want you to listen very carefully including you doctor One of the prescription drugs national radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh is alleged to have used his been late to was sudden hearing loss And a flish in that struck Limbaugh two years ago At that time Doctor said they were unsure of the exact cause of Limbaugh's hearing loss But said that over use of medication was not a factor Limbaugh would not reveal the cause of his deathness And I'm sure the doctor's had no idea what he was popping Coincidentally The House Air Institute in Los Angeles where Limbaugh saw treatment discovered in 1999 that some of its patients would sudden hearing loss Had overused a common pain killer that combines hydrocodone in a seat of elephant The combination is sold under several brand names Vikoden, hydroset, Norco and lorset Lorset is one of the prescriptions of us former Husky procedure procured for him Your following this are we starting to put the dots together in this investigation Doctor said the clinic said prolonged use of the pain killer was a common factor among 29 patients with sudden hearing loss doctor Limbaugh announced Dr. Robert 2001 that he was definitely left there was losing the hearing in his right ear After undergoing drug therapy for several months he decided to have an electronic device installed in his ear in January 2002 The cochlear implant is partially restored his hearing How do you like that And as you notice and you can keep turning up turn it over to Rush right now and you heard the stuff on CNN He's not messing up any of it. He just keeps repeating that same old stay aligned He's unaware of any investigation, but he'll cooperate fully gotty out of you because he knows damn well I better keep his big pet push shut You know what I mean or they'll cut off his supply Oh I'm saving this story Here it is right here. It's a damn good thing during that break. I check the palm beach post And my good post personal friend the Scott Farello's us in a policy on this show Or at least you ought to change his tune real quick because even a guy like him standin up for limbaugh Questioning the me the vrassi the main questioning the the accuracy of a story the much highly touted National and choir highly respectable even what's a tabloid and even though they it's glitzie And it's sitting there waiting for you publics on a new stands Get what it's got Here's the call from candle hello deal yes, sir. I have one I have one for your poll. Okay, I'm talking about the one on paper. Don King Disgusting the longer test murderer Yeah, he is I listen and I also want to have a request please no for the sake of God play the Arnold Schwarzenegger bit Well, what is about not not not the one with Oprah? Yeah, and I wanted to tell a win the windshield done a guy The one who calls you and says George is mom. Well, he's right George suck. Okay, great. Well, we're certainly gonna play a request for him now aren't we no that was a good way to guess to play with oh the Arnold one. Yeah, there's only how many are there Turn man, give you it The world the whistle don't know so in a guy. Oh, that's from that's from way back on an unsythe that's 100 years back. That's his plane to fame God would call up out of nowhere. Well, windshield's don't know just out of nowhere And he also had some other thing used to say they made no sense. I don't know what they'll what? You just they just never go away George as you've noticed it was always there there always They liked the old gravity a thing with the with Mr. ego that 900 year old guy which represents his average demo by the way Depend on them nice going in those numbers by the way Steve Can't complain about his numbers because he don't have any and of course that station that make believe station They can't even afford to subscribe to it. So what difference is it make? Here's the call from Naples hello A Neo how you doing okay? I got one for his definitely based on last night alone Joe the gag you Mr. Hero Sheema he's freaking horrible. Yeah, it was funny here know But Joseph a guy though. Are you not could you know him personally? I do I do My vision and so I he's a definite asshole and he's not and it's worth definitely sucks So hey and go Mars okay go Marlins don't forget big game today. Gonna have a minute people there to say afternoon I would have a love do of her not and I'm glad I didn't hear it by the way Little problem probably I'd call and sick anybody bringing a check. Yes See there's my sake powers again Who was it our very own Curtis Jim Manage producer Curtis Steven 100 bucks. I love your Curtis now here's a kid that's making about 50 bucks a week. Okay, and he brings it a check for 100 bucks. Thanks Curtis you're the best 100 bucks from a kid like that. I would like to rescue people bring another thousand a 10 thousand right. Yeah We appreciate a very much Curtis your great guy and we and we said that before he brought in a money one of the people we'd like So now we got 29,655 which leaves us tantalizingly close a mere 345 bucks away from 30,000 We got 37 to the half minutes to get to it by the end of the show by the weekend which would please me and George and even Scott Jr in there more than I can begin to tell you 345 bucks is all we need Time records probably got loose change of mind of that and his back pocket ways more than he does Fat boy he's probably got it in all of his pockets which that you know how many pounds is that I've heard of him We're even they would just get lost in in the middle of all those like cajna folds hate that boy call book a Brian by the way for what for one No, but the one that probably wants a mattress yeah well I got news for in order in order for that that Poison after right as a check To get any more free plugs as much as we love our friends at dial-a-matchers if he wants a free plug-in-home Vokha Brian's doing so great with his mattress You see what I'm saying? I know I know it does make a good I'm just trying to embarrass somebody to come up with a 345 bucks in the next 37 minutes but who's counting Because that would be a real like you know oral victory It would be a strategic move in the right direction since it's October the third and you're right now Then we finally moved into the last quarter of the year now we're gonna start making some progress I can smell it can you smell it all the way around there oh Maybe it's maybe it was up that catch it. Maybe it's from that chilly dog you wait this morning It was very clean when it went in doubt. It's seepin out. No Come on, let's go when you sales people in our guarantee of pity lady was still there He'd write out a check just to be sucking around am I right you are right at least You know what he was opinion he asked but I'll tell you what we needed for any good cause he would he would help out Yes, he cared about his clients Yeah, that's true. He wrote copy actually hustle for him. I miss pity lady a lot and I never dreamed I'd say that You see that the scusiness content and dismay that everybody from Hank and the mad dog and for real and even the mole my steering right Absolutely for ourselves department now Sometimes like ralda dr once say you don't know what you got until you lose it pdlany We love and this and spite of all your biz bizarre behavior and effect that you look like a cigarster Indian Like run ds is twin shorter brother and Spight of that we still miss him badly maybe he'll come by with a check for 345 and burst now out of those other asshole. He might he just might do it Because we got to wait for skipy skipy don't even order over to fine QM on the dial He's busy back there poking those grand. I have no idea how much they hated him in the building Oh, um a little torpedoes. Oh, well, you know those little guys like mighty bell. I'm yeah, yeah, me Who else skipy a Todd Drek forget about it? He would see there's the guy that should be right in it Todd Drek no seriously There's a little basket trick who's making more guy than money he's stealing it out of that radio station And at the same time has he ever given us a dime? I'm probably in the past maybe I don't know And I tell you who really ought to get her a little checkbook out right now who can afford it and big time Who's siphoning off from everybody's efforts in that place from the sales department's layma efforts in my efforts in a Humper and mad dog and and even Mo and for real you know what I'm talking about Screw in ah good. Yes. I was gonna say Yeah, give you a musical answer like that bitch 345 bucks on even probably pull it out of your Ass Come again a team of proxies and they're divided the midst of whatever else is in there, but believe you me Let's go screw in come through for a stand in 45 and you know what she really owes it to us You want to know why it just dawned on me why Because speaking of charity when we were back involved in that OJ golf tournament that I got sucked in dude Yeah, she was one of the ones she was one of the chiggers in a wood pile talk about piling on That got together with a close personal ass butt buddy Greg Reed and and Sam and all these other Lunatics and put that over on us with that OJ thing and Just about deep six our whole fundraiser that year you bet you slot you piece of crap So the very least you could do is come marching in there during the next break 345 dollars she could like I said pull it out of her ass under her left breast how about Gary Sarder Gary Sarder is another cheap load. He ought to be in there right in the checkout All the money that you're making him with all your nice comments about Bell sound just right to check for the money that he's Stiff me out of uh we would have it there you go that'll do it and I bet you if he would write us that's We had an $25 check right now. You promised to them here for at least another week about Bell sound wouldn't you a month a month how do you like that can't be that off for Gary Sarder? You little piece of crap you orthodox so that's right. I forgot about that he's probably celebrating him Kippurall right. I'll probably hit a holiday. You can't write a chapter in the holidays That's what rumors says And every day the holiday every day's a holiday. He's got when he's got like you know groundhog day and the same Francis a 60 day We don't beef day Well I like that day 20. Let's be going to that what a segue into Vick and herbs George finally hit the mother load. It's the mother load as Rush would say come on Rush pop the few more If you're looking for a great place for lunch breakfast dinner Vick and herbs which originated in my hometown right across the lake for more my fan asks us sit right now Rochester, New York back in 1934 I can almost see it now several old buildings Vick and herbs is on federal highway just out the barred bullvard and the tunnel on the east side Vick and herbs is a flashback in time to what it used to be like back when you had really in neat restaurants like this equal to fast food pre-fam stuff nothing pre-fabricated at Vick and herbs Go in and joy a real burger hot dog serve hot fresh and fast and Vick and herbs is brought to you and for a lot of day out by the same people who feed you Cheever grachie burger using the same fresh underground truck meat as they do a cheaper grachie burger They offer you an incredible quarter-pound hot dog. You have had a winter in your mouth since like that since last night What makes Vick and herbs different from anybody else in town? Here's the deal All their burgers and dogs are served with a Vick signature meat sauce poured on top Which will make a dance take place right in your post So if you're looking for something really delicious and fresh this is the place and they got a lot of other great dishes to be said burgers and dogs like a great breakfast menu. I'm let's cook the order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes go buy and like I've Tell you before you don't have to be from Rochester from around a quote from Fredonia from the Pew to enjoy Vick and herbs They're on federal highway just out the barbobard and the tunnel on the east side and be sure and tell that old meal from okay Terrorist and Rochester okay, okay, okay, okay, there is since you buy Oh Come back to the highly rated mole how are the David in the show? According to my own navigation. Okay, stupid worry. You with the win it Oh, you were doing that to me Okay I'm Run day That's me Not on my watch you punk Run day He's up here Come full grip We got one of our three very important coolers on the line him will be two a young lady walk Can I spit it out Hey And what do you know That's quite understandable what you're sometimes How we Around I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. Look at that. I got it all over my way. 132.5.6. The WQM MADdog standing by a GG at PPP Park. Go buy it. We have to find out about those handcins. You think what? I said I'm hoping it's not. Not a joke. Well, listen, you got the free tickets. Quit looking for any more. I can. Don't push it. Yeah. 29,655. It's great coming over during that break. I guarantee you got to check in your hand right now. No. No. None of the money she's like feeling around to find it. What? Her checkbook. Oh. Rush Limbaugh is leading the pack by a mile. Somebody you think is an asshole. And you hate their work too. To boot. Rush 172. Moist still maintaining a pretty early on bush. That's going. Mo. Absolutely. Mo. Howard David has 61. George W.51. Howard's firm 35. You're on Howard's firm's ass, man. Ew. George. Rodriguez 31. Hank Goldberg. 24. I got 16. Which I find most of the music because she the one the other day about maybe being an asshole named. You remember that made sense. I was winning. But this one. You hate their work and is an asshole. 16. I guess they're just being forced to gunpoint. Listen. Yes. Rosie O'Donnell 10. Russell Crowe. Pat Robertson and Wayne Haisinger. And Steve Kain and Bill Gates all have seven. Ever seen them together. Mel Gibson got six. Hillary and the jury loose in Robert Downey. Junior got five. Don't get a swell head jury. Greg Reed and Phil Collins for a piece. Mickey work Bill or Ronnie's junk club. God damn and Colter. Barbara Streisand have three a piece. A pair for jury springer Todd Schmidt. Richard Dreypiss and Van Diesel and Monopiece for a little Brian Nocross. Mrudge. Dick by Tau Steven Segal. Sammy Sosa and slides the low no votes. Yeah. For Don Henry. Gloria Stephon or the Fright Wig. Don King out of 494. Pretty heavy duty today. You know it. Fine. Thanks. Eric forget the thing back away. It's supposed to be on our website. Put screwing around it. These begins HD radio broadcast at five four stations. What's this? How come we don't know nothing about this? Somebody had a send us for a rich pack. I saw this from radio inks. I saw this. Shut up. What was that? A rich pack. A couple weeks ago. I said this asshole rich pack. I would drop my thank you. Beesley broadcast. You know, the NAB radio show for the obvious one. Or wash was like standing up. They're making a video of himself. The five of it six radio stations in Southeast Florida. And I brought casting an HD radio. What's that? And what HD TV is what's HD radio. Hard done. Hard on radio. Yeah. The stations broadcasting in. I can't read that. I've BOC. Do you kiss kiss FM and QMAM plus WNN. We own WNN. Partly. WSPR in Boka and WHN. Why? Come at it on Beesley's transition to digital technology. George G.B. Lee Beesley broadcast group chairman and CEO. Who's one way or guy said. No, he said. When FM radio stations first appeared in the industry in the general public reslota would adopt the new technology. Today, however, FM is clearly divided choice for high fidelity broadcasting. As an early adopter of HD radio technology, B.B. Lee believes that the fidelity and reception improvements HD is the future of radio. And we eagerly anticipated your medical benefits. I've expected to bring to industry. Remember today that that asshole was his name. The little engineer or George was Walton down the hall. We asked him what was in the box and he said it was for like digital radio. Digital radio. And we laughed at him. He'll cross on my stuff. Robert's approval president and CEO of a Bickley digital corp. Well, that's what that IBOC is stated. B. Lee broadcast group is a forward thinking. Technology or me on this. He has because we bought his crap so he's sucking our ass. He says, B. Lee is a forward thinking technology savvy company executing plan to bring its radio stations into the digital age. HD radio technology, provide B. Lee's list is with new and exciting digital services. Incredible sound fidelity. Crystal fear reception and data services. People are providing basic and advanced information. All of which have become the Norman consumers live. Okay. Now since supposedly we've already started this. It says they're now broadcasting. Has anybody told us that it sounds better? No, you have to have a receiver for it, of course. Well, how many people have got it? I've heard it. So what does that mean? Oh, it's cheese. And how much does it cost? And where do you stick it? And where's the other 345 bucks, screw in? You bitch. You slut. And it's still stuck up in there. Yeah, we're organizing a part. Didn't we get a trade deal with the excavation company? Hey, screw in. You bitch. You slut. You wore. Come through honey. Or else. Those here's the rest we're going to put those pictures of her naked on our website. The ones with her and Greg and her living maid. Or is that the fillets with the maid? I don't know. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. I'm going to ramble and I apologize for that, don't I? No, you're rambling. Important stuff. Here's Pometo Bay, hello. See? I'm ramble and I go to the phone. There's nobody even there. Pometo Bay, are you there? Yeah. Yes sir. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Of you. No. Here's Bokka, hello. Bokka. Yes. This is Pof. It's what? This is Pof. How you doing Pa? Okay. I got a candidate for your list. Yes Pa. Great Davis. If he was to resign, why you think that Arnold and the people to pay 70 million dollars in California and the guy who backed all the funding to recall him would think he resigns. They lose everything and Jim Feshton powers. If anybody started about that, I'm not sure all the law. No, no, that's not what the law is. They already talked about that. If he resigned, they still have to go ahead and know it sounds stupid, but they still have the election. Even if he resigns. Okay. Okay. Good talk to. Good talk, but didn't work. See what he's saying? He could let boost the money take over and resign or what. But the law says that once they have the petition signed, they go ahead and have to recall anyway, which is stupid. But then against California, it's California. Anyway, here's the facts from Big Mike and St. Pete. It says here's a transcript from Limbaugh's website from his opening state. I think the telling line is, I mean, even though I tell you how you ought to look at the stuff that's in the press. He says, I don't want to deal with hypotheticals and I don't want to respond to what's in the press. I'm very tempted to. I'm not even going to go there. But I want to say trust me. But I don't. Look, it makes no sense for me to go there. I mean, even though I tell you how you ought to look at that stuff that's in the press, I don't. It's just, I'm not even going to characterize it yet. Just trust me on this. When I find out all that this is the side from those who are closest to me, my personal and business orb, and you all are very close on the personal orb, then you're going to be among the first to know for me. What do you mean, maybe that last part of your notes? When I find out all that this is, a side from those that are closest to me and my personal and business orb, and you are all very close on the personal orb, then you're going to be among the first to know for me. Again, a non-answer. All he asked me to do was say it's untrue its lies or it's true. And I want to repent and I'm going to go for detox again. And I got a problem. And that's why I went deaf and that's why I lost all that weight. One or the other, you know? But it's going to be, but it's called the O'erable Tatthand. We're supposed to be in a 5-6 hour UAM. Now that he is only chicken here, I'm on a herb oven. There's all we hear in the air. You're feeling it and there'll be a big change. You're going to feel it, burn your feel, the pain and the aura. The lovely things to pass in, clue, to all the pump you up like a balloon. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to get a warning that I hear you, girl. You're all we know is for you, girl. The first season, give, we'll get them training. The thoughts, thoughts, we'll know the way they're telling. We've got a boat full of beast stars. We've set with a heavy and bar. I hope you're ready for our cover. Let's watch it around me. I think it's great. We've got a bunch of Nazis in Washington right on the country. So what I have a Nazi California makes fits right in on it. Sure. Now, Ed and Ford Laundry, I was got a very good suggestion. I wish you would have spelled it right, but that's okay. I don't feel bad. Bill Mar, we love to eat up between the H&E, our Bill Mar. Okay. Somebody you think is an asshole and hate their work and Bill Marlton, we put that on. Everybody inspired me for one of my own now. In the same vein, little twerpy jerk, Dave Barry. Okay. You're out in Tuzi, you asked to go out there. No, I agree. He's an asshole and his work is in a bombination. Oh, yeah, but his comp's all over the world. Yeah, that's the sad part. Russia's on 650 stations, too. What does that tell you? So I guess with Russia, if we want to refer to him from now on instead of, we can just do. Because he's popping him. Left and right. He's the pill popping dad. Yeah, that was quite a statement he made did it really say anything. No. But I'm going to beat by the book, but I'm going to beat him. Yeah. I don't get it. Just like that double talk at the NAB yesterday about that. Yeah, well, if there's any investigation I'm on a where it's not a question. Right to the investigation, did you pop them or not? Were you buying a legal or not? Is she telling the truth? These emails that are right here. And if anybody doubts it and wants to do their own investigation, maybe they didn't like my reading of it before they missed it. Go to your newsstand and they go to your public. Go to your win, Dixie. Go to your pawn shop. Go to your bookstore. National and Chirror America's newspaper October 14, 2003. Rush Limbaugh caught in drug ring, cops probe nails him. His drug supplier tells all Russia's secret in our country. He's just secret in our context, Dixie. I read the whole damn thing every word I wrote right around here. And then we had on top of it, which was frosting on the old cake, frosting on the O.C. The story from the Palm Beach post about the fact that just coincidentally prescriptions over Usalink to sudden hearing laws and one of the drugs that is suspect is the law said. A common pain killer combining hydrocodone and acetaminophen and law said, What do they say it's like how many times more powerful than heroin? About 30. About 30? About 30, man. Something like that. And it's linked to hearing loss is what they said. I guess that was O.C. that's 30. Many times more powerful than heroin. But there you go to hearing loss, which was supposedly on a sprain. And that's because you can be danger that doctors didn't know about his pill pop and had it. And all of these things. Here's Lighthouse Point. Hello. Oh, hey. I was thinking about that asshole. Yes. The one thing we always have to remember is the deep deep deep deep. Anything that comes out of the mouth of a junkie. Yeah. You know, it's like a junkie's packet. They're all the same thing. And now these people will do these people say and do anything. They're all in the house right. They're all this from the end of the aisle. It's the end of the night. You know, I just think it's over. It's the reverse end of the room. Dangerous desperate and indenial. I turned over to the program just like curiosity to hear what he was doing. And he stands and faster than helpful for our own crack. I'll be there. It's like, I mean, I've run and run and run and run and run and run and run. And here's the guy who's pushing, uh, pushing, uh, special response though. You take personal response though. He's perfect. But after he much, they're responsible. He's responsible. And he's over there. It's this person. It's that person. These people, they end of me. It's their friend. It's not the other thing. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Well, I'm glad to public at least that that's small segment of most of them have a brain to think with the work that did it was. And when they're getting this hands to see what a hypocrite we got there. I need a. I think it's the first way I think it's whole thing is all sick. I don't think he believes the work comes out of his own mouth. Could be for fun and profit. I can relate to that. Okay. Have a great day, Pally. Enjoy. And you too. I am enjoying it tremendously. Let's see. Did you put that scumbag Madonna on your list? No, but there's a good one for him. Madonna. We got Madonna on there now. Yes. It says she's the biggest effing fully on his planet. Now she is a motherly figure selling children's books. She's a sea lapping effing hedgehog. A couple words I couldn't read at a sea. Next time, laughing effing a hedgehog. Also, I am the true South Florida sports fan. Yes, the Marlins are in a playoffs. And I still don't hear a crap. Bob Hamilton from Magic 102.7 is a loser who knows only 16. So now he's expanded his playlists. He's been out to me. Yeah, he's really working on it. Almost doubled it. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T line. Some of you think is an asshole and you a hate their work. Hey, did it. Rush Limba 180. More Howard David at 63 maintaining a comfortable lead over George W's. Got 54. Howard Stern 37. Hank Goldberg's moved ahead of Little George 33 to 32. You're still on a hanks as though. And he wishes he could get off. I got 17 votes, Rosie O'Donnell 10, and everybody else in single digits. This is for 205. You way am. Hi, this is Randy West and they don't come any better than me, nor in Neil Rogers. Luke Gingrich does the hanky bank. Luke Gingrich has a stanky way. Luke Gingrich does the hanky bank. Luke Gingrich does the hanky bank. We thought he always painted the paint. They tease Bill Clinton about it all the time. They go with woman, rising low, I smile. But Newy season girl is our out of my rest. That's why the church has his own ears and ears. Who would have thought you would have a good thought, then? All right, here we go on the desk. Oh, Neil's speaker. Neil's speaker, the committee would like to know. I'm always high, you'll see. He's looking out for money and death. I'll see. Oh, see you there, no. Oh, the committee sees no info Friday. Yeah, no. I don't be no friend of death, okay. I saw him working on his pick up place. You go, we're all been dating. What's your sign? I'm pretty happy, I'm happy, I'm all new. Hey, play baby, can I give you the phone? Who would have thought and never was a father? Come and baby, and meet that you'll get the remember. Who can wish does a hanky paint me? Who's being wish does a hanky paint me? Who's being wish does a hanky paint me? Who's being wish does a hanky paint me? Hey, will not mind werion. Have a good day. Hey, hey, have a good day. The police will live later on every day. So there's a little lady in here. My grandmother kept that rondelle... ...the monster that wouldично co-esto, But her husband is selfish because his friends are like施頭, he's split the fire and finally he's got geology to bathe again. I felt like we don't have much of thought. despise no talent piece of turd. Dr. Phil, thanks go on. Thank you, Jair, for m'boker. Thank you so much. If we let that off, I'd have been the, uh, just the press all weekend. Would you? No. No. I am the press about one thing. I don't think Square and already the rest of the salespeople came in and give us a dime today. No. Greg stuck his head in and just to see how he was doing on the poll. Greg stuck his head in, but then, obviously, he's been listening. It was what we're talking about. Did he give a contribute anything to a band of Pat Rusky with a guy who's worth millions and millions who's got how many million shares of easily 30 million shares of easily stock. He's worth billions of dollars. $345. He would be like a penny to just any average smuck out there and just read his opposed to him who's a bigger income than average smuck. He could reach into what's got them back pocket and give you three, four, five and not even missing. But no, nobody in that building, see we'd put the bad day. Because the guarantee between a mad dog and Hank and some of our people who actually like us in the building had to come through, like Curtis did there, you know, right. But everybody's out because we got the ball game. I'm always a ball game, you know, always some kind of a ball game, always stands in the way. Speaking of balls, authorities plan to formally charge three high school football players from the long island of New York accused of sexually abusing three of their junior teammates at a preseason training camp in Ortizio and Pennsylvania corn to state polis. In a statement Pennsylvania State Police had three to three teenagers ages 15, 16, 17 will be formally charged in the near future, once Wayne County District Attorney Mark Zimmer files the appropriate court papers. The varsity players from Meffam High School near Belmore, New Yorker, been investigated is that Meffam or Meffam, just at them. Just Meffam? Our big investigative allegations that they saw to rise the three junior varsity players with broomsticks, pine cones and golf balls is part of a hazing ritual while the team was at the Pennsylvania Sports Cantaloupe, New Yorkers. Police have recommended that Zimmer charged the juveniles with involuntary deviate sexual intercourse. Oh, just boy's being. Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse aggravated in simple assault, kidnapping, reckless endangerment of another person on lawful restraint criminal coercion, aggravated in decent assault criminal conspiracy and all of these things. The alleged victims are identified as a 13 year old and 2014 year olds. And like you always say, all the sports things, all these incidents always involved in nothing but factory man. Yeah, factory. What can we stick in your vacuum? You know, right? Can we switch or private with things like that? Someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work. That's our poll question today. Rush Limbaugh 183. He's all alone. Mohour David at 63 George W 56 can't even touch Mohour's turn 38 the Humper 34 you got 33 George. I got 18. Rosie O'Donnell's got 10 everybody else in single digits. Mad Dog is sitting by next out there at Gaggi at PPP Park big game today. 50 60 thousand million people going to be there for tomorrow and skicking some giants and Bye bye. Pass the moths on us wrong holiday. Have a nice weekend. All right, everybody on QM. You're pervert.