with the sword of this place. Here is the moment where you join the stand-up. I did. First hand is new experiment. Bye bye bye bye. I'm doing her that's right. Just about everyday and night. Cause with me strong and tight baby come on. I waited endlessly. She finally gave it to me now. Just like in her songs I can hear her voice. I've been dating nursing steward for it ain't no lie. I was the first to go through that door. It's goodbye bye bye. It's about time everybody knew. Which wouldn't have led like Bonnie's for a year or two. I hate to tell you her virginity has come by bye. She deserves a so young and pink. I thank God every day that I am within thing. I hate to tell you her virginity has come by bye bye. Which got head-up on. And took a hit and woody. I collect chea-chon-chon. And get the munchies and make brownies filled with hair. And woody sharing with Jesus and the saints. The pies find this and yes. Yeah. Hardest is great for you. Yeah. Yeah. Hardest is good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What has got no cannabis? No can't find one of us. Give the high on the back of the bar. Just give the munchies and make those. Oh. On a great number two row. To get some better kilo grow. But the whole time that she take home. No, don't think about Marley on his throne. No. No fun and heaven, let's go. Good morning, Bob and time show. Hey, Bob and Tom show you are there. It's me, Larry King. Oh, Larry. Good morning, everyone. Morning. We're gang whenever I get a couple of snipers of Brandy and a tab of acid. I like to call you kids up. We can tell. We do a little thing. We do a little thing. It's called people news and views by Larry King. It's random thoughts. Let's go. My impression of every Jewish holiday. And I should know they tried to kill us. We won. We won. I am utterly thrilled about rising menelies and pending weddings. Because even loud, scary pill heads deserve some hat. He has a loud spirit. Well, it's easy and gotten those rises of force in nature. You know, she's like a tornado with flopping grandma boobs. Oh, save her that line. That's a few things. She sings like someone is strangling a cat and twows on more makeup than a softball team of boys. Oh, I'm sorry. It's a little harsh. Oh, wow. Oh, there's anything more dashing and romantic than a submarine putting out to see. I don't know what it is. It warns the blood and fires the imagination. Imagine a hundred men go down. Fifty couples come back. Well, it is a sweaty splendid thing. Hey, Perth, for real, watches. World-cons爪 on distance from division is announced a new plan. Things must be looking up. Six cents. Any time of the day. Oh, hold on. That's the price of their stock. All right. All right. All right. As a children of Ted Williams, you know, come close to June and Grimm and all the way. The body of the dad's going to remain frozen the folks at the facility holding dead in the giant of frozen fat. A treating the baseball great cylinder with the utmost respect. You know what they printed on the outside of his tank? No. No pepper. I can see. That's a pure, weird, I'm sorry. Wait. Wait. What are you saying? It's a push. You don't succeed. Then skydiving really isn't for you. Jets and the new's kids. Did you hear it? I met recently with the answer. Recently with the answer, if that, oh yeah, you talk about different icons. One is exploited as own people, as a one-out message in a scandal's past, the other is the leader of the P.R.O.O. Who is generally considered a convertible church, is favorite biblical character, a very young Peter? Hello. I'm from Malon, the crew of the Fridby-Died last week at the ages 77, the P.R.O.O. arrangements reflecting the man's life and his work. In fact, the body is still lying in state on his neighbors' roof. I'm not at the end ready for this one. Did you see that dynasty star actress John Collins is married for the fifth time? All the wedding had all the traditional stuff. By the way, the something blue was her rich eye. Can you hear the two sides of the th-s? You cannot speak right now! The power of the demon is still brutal. See my song, but you're not looking at my mouth, you say there's no no. It's something that's a bit further south and it's not my base. We're both your eyes, we're looking. Right under my clothes is my biggest affair. Underneath my clothes there's a great big booty. Big or bad jails is my huge utility. And that is why nobody cares. But I sing so, bring it play. Underneath my clothes there's a great big, tiny, What I strike, hey, Puzzles is anything but tiny, Nobody know the sense that I sing so, bring it play. Can I sing so, bring it play. And it just dawned on me. What a glaring, oh, mission we had from yesterday's pool. How come Shakira was none there? I thought of it. And her, why wasn't shouting out any names? I was in a car. I mean, like you said. Well, see, there you go. Why won't we apologize for that, profusely? Anyway, this is the first that we're trying to say we like it already. I got it. When's the noon to one hour, all comedy vittars are moving it up the from the Ascent of the front end. We're front loading it and doing it nine to ten. And we like it. We like it so much. We fight to put every day. It sounds good to me. Oh, right. Why not? It sounds like a weiner to me. Anyway, so we'll, in fact, this gives him an added hour to vote on the pool for yesterday. Those people have been napping or whatever, getting all ready for the presence big speech last night. Was I didn't watch by the way? But we'll get to that later. They can get their work done. They can get our son away. Like, such a way to make it ready for like the real start of the show. It's time to clock, which was supposed to start anyway. 10 past nine at five, 60 WQM got a question for you. It's still sleeping the same crappy old worn out mattress that he had for years and years. Well, nothing's had a bigger impact on the way. Feel every day than the mattress you sleep on every night. So call 1-800 mattress right now. It's a great night sleep every night for years to come from our good piezons at dial a mattress. Take it for me. I've been using them for years and even some other folks around here, like George McGell finally wise and up and using them too. It's the only thing to do. It's easy. They carry the best mattresses in the world. I got silly. Surred at Simmons King Coil and every size every style. And you'll have 30 days to try it out in your home with the best covered exchange policy ever heard of in the world. You know, some places make you sleep on 9-9 new mattress for at least 30 even 60 nights before making an exchange. So if you're not comfortable after the first night, that means you're stuck 59 more sleep plus nice before you can do anything about it. It'll charge your for restock. We deliver you pay full retail price on exchanges too. Now with dial a mattress for real comfort. No hidden charges of extra fees. Call 1-800 mattress now. If you need an exchange, you can do so any time within their 30-800 comfort exchange period within 30 days that is with no hassles at all. And if you like to shop online check them out at mattress.com. That's the website for dial a mattress if you want to see it before you buy it. Macris.com's up pictures of the mattresses, the expert bed and console suggest. And maybe some people don't stuff on there too. Make the call out of dial a mattress and you're at a great night's sleep. Like you've never seen before, call 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. Dial a mattress the answer for a perfect night's sleep, 1-800 mattress. This is sports-weighting, like you do. You weigh in. Pick the bad date of quits sniffing glue. And that's why I think I just'll have a chip-been chip season. And when did I tell you? You don't talk to like, say you could talk. This is the beast. I said shut up, fat soul. But you're like a father of me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk in. Well, not done talking. Then you talk. Okay, I'll be. Come here. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Guff Club. Why are you all out? There's a failure in the business and then it's taking coming. This sports-sentences you'll do 20 years in ours. What do you eat for? I eat for a bag of my mattress. Look like we'll be your bookmates. The name's Mohal David. Starrestage screen and paradise. What's your big old me, Kofe? You got so panless. Thank you. Hey, you know, 20 years old. So Paul, real hard. I'm gonna make you my wife. Stop! God! God! God! God! I'm shower time. We've got 10 minutes. Close to be safe and even. You both are. You're my. You're not new in the play over there. It's so good for that. Okay. Pull the power, sleep like God. You know who I am? No 10 minutes. Don't pick it up now. I'm here for you. All right. But I expect a print in the policy. I might just put that broom in the book. There. I'll take the front. Lord, we'll see you now. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman. Toon. Jack. Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well, you see more than Jim? I keep getting raped. Toon. Isn't that a shame? Joe, look into it right away. Thanks a lot. Some time. But it's now drop your path. I said drop your path. This is hot. Spoon. Favors don't come to you. No, no, no. Let's rate, Paul. Three. Yo, big shot. Yes, now we've asked the time awake in the geonjail. Oh, I'm so big in the bag. I'm not going to have to. One hour. Well, we have a key. We have a photograph in the book. We're facility. We're going to need backup. Okay. We'll get down on the ground. Start praying. Because you're going to jail. I'm at arrest me. I'm a guest in your country. I have my constitution. I write. I call me. I call Johnny. I will look a little funny. But I've earned a bit of medical care. I've earned my closest $1,000. If my end to clean my bowels, and my people, power and this book is bad. For rent, for the preaching, if the only thing that's teaching, if the only book that's allowed in my school. To a middle class. I'm rocking while I'm reading. If I stop, I'll get a feeling. We'll take me out and we'll be like the new one. Yeah. I am the judge. The judge is the next world's dream. I'm the judge. The judge is the picture. I'm the judge. I'm the judge. But Johnny, go. Now we're outing like a monkey. Just in total standing funky. And we sound like the disgabling and the proud. We can speak into your nation like a tourist and vacation. When our leaders don't know, some will be proud. If I get most need and be safe, we'll have crossed two things. Of course, you'll mingle with me and put their swine. And although the judges want a quick piece, so no deal with all that seven birds into the camera will be mine. And if our Johnny, the judge is the next world's dream. The judge is the picture. I'm the judge. And go Johnny, go. The judge is the judge. I'm the judge. But Johnny, go Johnny, go Johnny. I'm the judge. My goal is to spend dollars. My end to clean my powder. Like people, bomb the list, go back. The judge is the next world's dream. The judge is the next world's dream. The judge is the picture. My turn is the same. Go Johnny, go. I hear by a sentence you, Avujihon, also known as Jihon Johnny, to death by electrocution. Listen son, would you like to get right with Jesus before we give you the big joke? Listen, God, have mercy on your hidden soul. Let's go with you, lucky. Oh, you're like all the hard birds. You don't go with them every time I see you. Don't go full, let's treat our and damn wit. Don't go full, come on. Let's do it. Please, President, come. Red powder, head muscle, bit in our kick. It's hideous. I don't know why. They won't want to die, but not easy. They're turned through the neck for years. With President thumbs up. You're all so dumb. I'm not a man. Oh, what I do to go both on small. And get to we go hold it more. In your want this, don't go full, let's run and scoop it. And this run, get rich kid. Don't go full, easy, man. Lovers in me. Please, President, come. You don't care what it's all. You got him in by hook or cross. With the bridge, you're all in. No one will ever see you and die. But how it's all clear. We've got a great leader here. With President thumbs up. Hey, buddy, like. They say our love is tapu. That what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. Because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. We're not husband and wife. But I cherish each moment with you. I'm so dead. In my life. You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch. You're not like a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. When lights go past a tin. I can't accept who will be alone. Now that will appear bright. As long as I am doing you, I don't mind the entire. Call to a buy. Prison bitch. My prison bitch. And I have no regrets. I got you for a cannibal. And a pack of cigarettes. At first two were resistant. But now you're all my friend. I knew that I would give you in the end. Back up. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. I know prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. And now you're all my prison. Prison bitch. You're prison bitch. And you're a sex machine. I only have a request. How about some that's a leader. I'm tired of this prison cell. I'll be too eager to wait. And then sentence me to seven years. Not seven times a day. I'm your prison bitch. You're in prison bitch. You're in prison. You're in prison. You're in prison. You're in prison. I really hate these markers. That the judge who's on my back. I thought that I could break a bite. But now I'm losing hope. God, I'm tired of things Alashed. And now I'm a human of Santa. And now I'm a prison bitch. Prison bitch. And now I'm a human of food. I can hardly eat. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. When I get up, I'm ready to go straight. I know my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never say goodbye You're not like all the others, too bad they had to die On the second thought I'd be not staying, if you want me to Your prison bitch is never leading I'm the first one to blame, but now you're my soul man, I'm so about America, pervert, I'm not a fool, I'm not a fool I know I knew I'd get a fool, I'm a criminal I know, you're about to find out when you call this the Poké I'm 26 and 5.60 WCM, how do you like it so far? Oh, yes, I mean, I'm a really good mood or what, I'm a really good mood Everything is looking at roses, how does that go? Rose is what? What's that song? Everything's coming up roses? Everything's coming up What's that a full murdered? Don't forget, Jen, it was not efflomeran, everything's agashy She never sang, she just shouted, she'd be lonely She'd shouted out, she'd shouted out, she'd still dead by the way The boy, George's have known happy our 5 to 7 at Treasure Island Located off the Paul Meadow, just over 122nd Street, there's a stop by for prizes Great specials in C.D. and Terra, Horny, Montourage A QA will be there, Death the whole game Death for crawling on a wall, crawling on G.E. each other Grabbing a little bit of back to him Yeah, it's a little Or a lot Do you need car insurance if you got tickets in the past, you had an accident You have really bad credit Well if you answered yes to any of these things, here's the number you ought to be calling right now 1 Triple 8 506 7023 That's the number 4 Florida First Insurance They've got the current insurance policy plan for everybody regardless of your past record They've got low-down payments, get you the current your ZDD need for a little 35 bucks a month Say it again Colour right now, tool free at 1 Triple 8 506 7023 Florida First Insurance offers free quotes is family-old and operated with the years of experience You deserve the current insurance, you need so call them now 1 Triple 8 506 7023 If you need home, life health or commercial insurance, these are the folks who can get to cover it Florida First Insurance and right now is a special promotion Stop by any Florida First Insurance location, get you a quote And you'll get two free casino cruise passes Compliments of Las Vegas now, marketing a $60 value absolutely free That's right, call 1 Triple 8 506 7023 get a current insurance quote from Florida First Insurance and get two free casino cruise passes Don't forget to matter what your car history record is called 1 Triple 8 506 7023 For Florida First Insurance for all your current insurance needs Got the number, well just in case you're at is one more time 1 Triple 8 506 7283 Why in local? We're sports radio 562 a few a year Papa, how are you doing to me? 2 2 3 4 more bombs drop 5 6 7 8 more bombs drop I ain't 10 living 12 more bombs drop We're going to drop The bomb around their black we're going to drop And bombs and make a dent Loosen at red, right off their head We're going to bomb around a clock tonight We're going to bomb bomb, up their lights We're going to bomb, going to bomb around the clock tonight 1 Π, 5, 5, 5, 9, 25, 5, 5, 9, 8, 9, 10, 10, 9, 10, 15, 11 Yeah! 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 9, 10, 45, 8, 11, 10, 14, 10, 11. 1, 2, 3, 5, 11, 12, 5, 19, 16, 11. Sakyo, equilibrium. Here's a wheel cone bombsov, I've a blast. We're going to drop And all up their ass, we're going to bomb around the clock tonight We're going about bomb bombs off After their lights, we're going about going about Little round the clock tonight Here we can finish the clock the morning We're gonna be free, I know Just make them grooves, missiles are off the shelf You don't win, made us lose All son of men, what you were told We're gonna show you how we're rockin' roll Those aren't a dealers that didn't eat so We know you're can't be co-ocenein' in bold Our guarantee will wish you never been born We'll show you how we're rockin' roll We're gonna show you how we're rockin' roll We're gonna storm your way into a murder hole Then walk your journey, your storm is a goal We're gonna show you how we're rockin' roll We're all your money, good booze, some good Help me some people in your name Instead you have to know it's real quick And now we want to look at all the stakes Go in and get going, watch it will We call this baby, I can't watch it in the middle Special delivery, but I'll be back too You're gonna be history and you're telling it and too We'll show you how we're rockin' roll But go to some US and two or more holes They're walking kind of, there's something's some more We're gonna show you how we're rockin' roll We're gonna show you how we're rockin' roll We don't stop you as it do a murder hole They walk your journey, your storm is a goal We're gonna show you how we're rockin' roll We're gonna show you how we're rockin' roll The night before the night before the night before the night I thought, push me, I'm a T watch fairy tale It's really just thing, we're not full of things They held up into bedship And let me import three I don't know if you know what I was about to see All they were speaking in tongues, that they'd be a believer. It was kind of fun. Just to get out of my mouth, speak in tongues. They got the believe and I can't get away from sides of sight. We could only have aWhatup, we could only have aWe could only life some, some Always lashing nibis and some� ripped I've done that but I've left it rocks and some more cows ne we same off and x to re boil and some more cows. They grew confidently with their exploration of words, and others of our nation are That makes me a believer And I'm happy for Playing round with time out Now I speak in tone Ladies and gentlemen Please welcome the two newest New York young kids I'm a daughter of Strawberry I'm a daughter of Gudden And the personal coach Steve Howl Howl That's what I like about Not good in the wind Up the straw mans north the line up He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell He's high as a lab rat For smoking the crack at a bat He does in like cocaine Just like the way it smells Snort naps balls Howl's rolling up the 20th He's snort naps balls And he's given good and plenty They lick the 20 dollar bill Their teeth are grindin' like a peppa mill Doing naps balls Out callin' pills He's a Steve Howl is in the bullpen His nostrils are wide open He's so f*** up beatings he's on the graves He gets advice from Doc And Doc prescribes some rock So first he blew a line in the anti-blooders safe Snort naps balls They abuse the magic powder snort naps balls Rank a lid on that clam shout-up Rescriptions got perpetuable refill They do it in the pool if they agilts Go in a ball Out callin' pills All that money A ball Out callin' pills I like a weapon you all aboard Is your manager? Hi, Doc Jump in the taxi car about to drive a federal home You look that mean so quish-a-gling I could tell if he was in the dog So I acted out my pop-shurrayed And with my arms the trees I made There's no bug to speak English And I'm all alone I went down to my head and I made a wish Where the weather is now functioning I walked into a liquor store But a guy there talks real fun I asked him for a pint of cold jim-beem He says, not the end of what does that mean The butter's using wish I got him more That's the corner deline Hell I think I've been Pakistan's taking was smelly Are you gonna go back to the hour, eh? I came here, already here to go And I've learned my ABC I don't say much as gross here I said pretty pretty So get yourself to a classroom quick You're in America now, stop making me sick We're not gonna speak English Come on everyone Oh, what do I tell ten of five sixty WCM I'm like it, it more as it goes along, you know what? I'm gonna get into this now And we got almost sixteen hundred votes on the pull from yesterday The new pull will give you like after the ten o'clock hour, right? Right See this is like more like synchronized now I'm starting to think real serious Maybe doing this every day And you know another thing It creates kind of like a logical bridge A break a buffer A buffer A lot of buffers out there in the streets A bridge between like Mo And our show And Mo Do you see what I'm saying? I know I think it's a fantastic idea You're gonna excuse me being an asker If I actually agree with you and talk about how to get there Don't forget, don't be sure to enjoy into the asker Five to seven and treasure round the seven demonstrations And he'll show you how to kiss him as And maybe even lick a little of the back of him on the side Or like in the middle Twenty-tilt ten at five sixty WCM The lights on West Book is a mega store for the Atkins Not a really low carb share to free dime A place you're gonna love You're gonna embrace it, you're gonna squeeze it And good reason to join the thousand people of trampoline From all over the place because it's a one-of-a-kind store That's got over 600 different delicious low carb food products On the shelves waiting for you to try And don't forget this week try the simply low carb loaf A delicious new bread would just treat grams And that just it will carb first slice And the delicious taste of whole week bread You'll be in snack heaven So whether it's carb or like ice cream bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, Pasta and sauces, you like the West Book is a place you're gonna love And you can sample like I always tell you can try anything The store before you be buying it before you pay for it They got a staff that knows their stuff inside and out They're open every day, seven days a week, ten to ten And this particular store has got the biggest selection of That can brand products you'll find anywhere And the best part of the whole deal is it's always 25% off the regular price All day every day even on poorum And of course more and more people are hopping on the ad can's ad Because for a lot of folks it works better than anything else So do the smart thing head to the number one low carb sugar free store in the world The Lysow West Booker on the northeast corner of Glades And 441 right next to Boston Market Our column toll free 1 8 7 7 low carb check them out of the web If you like it low carb dot com don't forget there is only one detail Lysow West Booker is your official adkins retail center My life and low This is 4156 2 8 Ignore the king is back bigger and better than ever Elvis Presley in his first bit movie role since he's been dead Elvis of Arabia Oh It's a completely new Elvis movie with the same old Elvis movie touches 17 unported animal waves and 18 port getables on Including daddy bear dog be cool And he's dying in the chapel who's way burial shoes You ain't got the mud of all there and poor Yes see Elvis in his snifices performance yet He's bigger better and better than ever Elvis of Arabia laying in a theater drive that are much where we near you Thank you Thank you Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. And the department of health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances Turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces The post office recommends that you mail early in the day And for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market down Oh, Mr. Lector To save me a piece On this appointed you passed on Clarice And still eating people right after you kill them Not even eating behind a tiny crow to the lectern Finger again He cleans up people taste just like chicken If you see it all fall on the streets Better honour you, I think heeight Just to lecture I've got to ask How do you eat things through that funky mess? Though it looks good You can't move your jaw The first cand children to use a sill Still is your old lecture I wish I saw it You pay a visit I'll do whichever call Eat the clinsons on your next brain Just remember your past today's day We're waiting for a train over the party Oh, look at this We're being deceived and paid That was rough and out of the body Beats up another monics And that's great All of these are butter and snow-pollons We're got the green and the purple-mollons We're got the snow-pollons on the burning walls We're about party and father We're gonna sweat my powers And lose it control Feel like ghosting that You're doing an ensuing aback Oh, I gotta live my makeup higher I have to be like a top higher And I've been just like a top higher For burning raw I gotta chuck a chuck a bird as well I gotta chuck a chuck a bird as well I gotta chuck a bird as well I gotta read I gotta read I gotta read Oh, I gotta read I gotta read Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by When I listen to your show It just makes me smile When I listen to your show It just makes me smile When I listen to your show It makes me feel like a child You're rages on the radio You're rages on the radio You're rages on the radio Oh, I gotta read Oh, I gotta read Oh, I gotta read Oh, I gotta read Oh, I gotta read Oh, I gotta read Oh, I gotta read Shout out to the song And your rages stay A mouthful of the sausage in war pays pants That tastes more goreng and so comes ice cube Benton and gay, jinn of people a day I'm a cranky homophole But I'm not that I mind it, but I'm way too old I bet the size, but feeling bad It attrists with feet loon, my man friend The grace, I'll just make up with jinners of day And then ask them to break my bun Oh, there you know, but again Oh, I would not feel the most old No And I would not be ashamed About a ginger and more gay union Just hold in the stroke in a way Boy, but you're not my type Yes, sound like a nine year old kid Aaaaah Only a bunch of men the guy You don't know this That makes me flip my wig If ginger was a lover of mine I'd bury my bulldozed baby nose Inside is simply rearranged at the day And I would not be a sport home Oh! If I was not a closet of faith That's why your ginger and more gay union Will make me feel goody in gay Everybody follow my thousand balls Yeah, ginger and more gay union That would make my sorrow, bolly ass, kill safe If we had a ginger and more gay union Then he wouldn't have to get me raped Killing up tonight On inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity Music biography profile story We take a good hard, stiff look in the start of it Five school chums from the working class Londonboro of Islington This sighted a form of band And because of that, the world got spanned Ball ballet shoved up its f**k I don't know I don't know Please, please, please, please, please Don't make me listen anymore This candidate gets an apple patient He's one of hundreds across the country Still suffering from overexposure To spanned down ballet it's all true Tonight, inside the behind Bring to an unprecedented face-to-face interview Between spanned down ballet front man Gary Kim And the mental patient Prithin in sane by his song Is he Gary? Yeah, the song it's still place Every day somewhere If you're a boy Oh my god, you're a boy Say what you mean, you mean when I go Troooose Yes, yes, yes And what's with your name? Spanned out ballet Where could get that of a wall and some German prison Oh, yeah, actually how do you know You're free What about the lyrics? Lyrics man Damn of what do the lyrics mean I can think of one you must love Where the thrill in my hand And appeal on my tongue What you thought Facts are too fast You can't even make me an evo man Unfortunately The mental patient did not succeed in strangling Gary Kim Either way, Spanned out ballet song Will still be around the bug that crap out of us Even from those first few notes Oh no, no, oh my god It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business Tonight and inside the behind Right Wrong This weekend Go to the ring up Iraq, Iraq Let me ask Syria So, where was the mass destruction world? Oh, girl Coming to the match of light is Calcium Boom, we were strong survived Said, he's he ready to race in Sinai Sam And the owner, Daker And violate the X's of evo In a steel cage dead lumberjack match Also scheduled to appear Color up, puppet mouth And stone dead Steve Austin On Wiespa Power Can you smell what Steve Seren is cooking? Lens and Nens Sunday The crowd will shake the world Well, wait With atomic hunger A man in the enthrash Big Alkater, mean Mr. Mustard And goldberg in the world Anyway, title match Feel the sting of a sword loser In the small box battle royale There is no vaccine When you catch the beaver Of contagious hand-to-hand mortal combat The weapons of mass destruction were old to world There is weekend And the bunch of warriors have a CM He's not my son, he thinks What's the graphic played on the whole? That's power Oh, God, the kids today don't know what's good Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head Do you remember that? How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head I'm happy I live in a split level head You remember that? No Why are my surroundings by morons? Come on, how is it? Do you go be how he? There are nothings for poor nature from you, bro No No, no, no You're shot off battle Okay, that's it You're all fired You've been scooping the ball You listen on a, you're fired You're guilty that goes for you too You're who I am Find a cake of shout red ice Ha ha ha ha I came down here after losing my charm To be a big fish In a little part When they kicked me off the asphyria They told me don't come back again I had some problems with wise guys who would buy Steinhoff 2000 days Clare me Yeah Fire That's actually a little ruinine I came up with your wild fire I hope that just goes like dines I hope he dies I hope you're wild dying I'm a big fish in a little plump See a big fish in a little plump Is that a play or something? I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump Yeah I want to tell anybody you're doing it I'm 56 and 56 and 52 I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump I start the new pool like what? I have to take a picture of it I think it puts us back if I dare say it in sync Again, this isn't going to be another one of those list of Type polls, is it? No, because maybe tomorrow I'll give you a list of one place Well actually there are three locations But it's a list of one great place to go and pick out The air-milled coast Chinese buffet I've been talking about these soaps for years I've had many big fat meal over there in that place And you'll enjoy it too They're in sunrise and North Miami Beach Start off your unbelievable feast with six different kinds of great soups Or try a mall if you like Just just shovel them in your pants Then sampled dozens and dozens of second-line phrases Or you'll let otherwise Or you'll serve in turf on a weekend New York Strip steak made two-year order Cooked just the way you like it At the Boromay Center, where sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak Shrimp chicken seafood, hand-carb, prime rib A lot of other Chinese buffet, they don't even hold a candle They're emerald coast And one of the reasons it's so good is because they don't use any crap No MSG, no cornstarch And they use only cholesterol-free oils and other cooking They're with faith-features a full salad bar A new sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail Enemiled coast name is lobster fest Be back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bist too One requirement at the emerald coast you must leave room for dessert Take your crowbar and shove that in your pants and make a little opening in there For pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings And fresh fruit, it's a perfect ending to unforgettable Pick out at the emerald coast You'll find it in sunrise, the original softload location Pine out at a 44th street There aren't Collins Avenue just north of 160th in North Miami Beach And at the intersection of theomingo and Pembroats Pembroats and Pembroats Except reservations take out an livery available as well Be sure check out the Newary Animal Chicken salad too I was wondering why that's the end of the spot George Good question Yeah, well check out the original chicken salad Maybe you'll find out, call it maybe eat it last after dessert 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for the one and only Airmote coast Chinese buffet My life and low This is 4-25-60 I'm 60-60 Wait, wait No! A young man Turn 28 He scored the sweetest bag I'll go on the next day It's too many seeds In your dime bag Getting to the party Two minutes too late Isn't it the chronic Yeah Don't you think It's like day When you've left for all and breaks It's free back When you're already big It's good we need That you just didn't take Who are the ones we don't get it Hot brownie That you already ate I know it's gonna start I love it too great It's like 10,000 joints When all you need is a light It's like having to feel of your tunes And then finding out who's like 10 to life And here's the new chronic Don't you think A little too much chronic Yeah, I really do think It's like day When you've left for all and breaks It's free back When you're already big Who would we That you just didn't take And who are the ones we don't get it It's about 3560WC I'm telling you what thing we love Had 9 to 10 hours Man, do I want that Yeah, it's 2, I'll tell you And we'll find out a few audience likes And now we've got some sour pies out there That was a terrible But I think that could be the biggest Our own whole show I think that could be the biggest hour It's our Florida radio Oh, yes me And you wanted to lie? 9 to 10, stop thinking about 9 to 10 am It's like between a clock and a hard place Always have always been a problem It's neither fish nor foul Kind of foul But nevertheless And so now maybe we can actually make it into something In other words, anybody's like getting ready to start today And go into work or whatever the hell they're doing Here's a chance for a few yucks You know? Right, you know? And believe me, on this station 9 to clock We do need to lighten up just a little bit A couple of notches, huh? But I want to get too serious You know, all heavy-duty sports stuff That people get so intense and whipped up about All those nasty rumors about They've once done and tried to boy things like that And everybody gets ah, like that This is a chance to kind of like, you know Knock it down a couple of notches Kick back a little bit Put your feet up on the dash Why are you driving your course? Because you're not going anywhere anyway Ha ha ha ha ha ha I like it I like it a lot Even Muffkameran and here was just psychotic about he was going I like it I like it Funny, son of just like mad dog and he was saying it Anyway, here's a facts I feel like we're like starting the show now This is the way it's supposed to be The Elijah show starts at 10 o'clock in a morning Let's face it This is the first time it over a year Then we feel like us It was like a warm-up act Do you know what I mean? This is the first time in a year that we feel like us Now of course nobody knows about it Yet all the way, you know, we teased it a little bit yesterday But the word will get out, it'll get out Here's a facts from Nadine who says I call yesterday around 1230 And I'll say myself held on And then Before you know what I heard Bye bye And the plug was pulled They pulled our plug I know you mostly have male listeners But how can Tom Welling and Johnny Depp be so low on the list That's a good question, Nadine I've said to you before you'd have to fight me for Tom And not Tom Byron either she says Tom Welling She says she gets a swelling When she sees Tom Welling Which is kind of interesting Maybe she's well anyway My daughter dated Johnny Depp when we lived in Miraw 28 years ago, how do you like that? Her daughter dated Johnny Depp Maybe she'll draw you a picture Woo! Maybe she described it to me He was handsome and kind of shy a bit on the dark side He hung out with the tougher kids in the neighborhood in Carroll City But seemed to be a loner Who's one of those brooding loners And I like James Dean Yeah, kind of like that Anyway, she says I watch smallville on the Osborns last night Couldn't bear listening to the competition Me too, I watched at least half of that smallville Good episode last night Poor Lionel Luther I want to tell you one thing You're right, he must have gotten some of that crypto night up as ass or something Because they can't destroy him He's invulnerable I mean he kind of like caves a little bit But he always bounces back Always not bouncing to go with that thing around his neck But nevertheless That was a good episode Is all right And the best part of course with the previews It's like all the other shows The previews are always the best I tell everybody what happened on passions I better not See I see it on the dish ahead day ahead of time Better not tell him what's going on here Yesterday was pretty damn good I think you'd have to agree with me So anyway, what is it his name is Miguel? Jesse? Ventura That even start that again I know what it was I'm just testing your memory Anyway, she says loving it Thanks for keeping it light Like that guy told me 26 and a half years ago Almost 27 years ago Kidman light Sound like he was having a stroke on the other end of the phone Keep it light now I guarantee one thing He's keeping it real light Have he probably was about 20 pounds by now Anyway, yesterday's pool Okay, let's quit beating around a bush and you're right to it Do you say beating up the bush? Who's the hottest public figure in the world And we say the hottest person and we put public figure in there So you're not going to say oh yeah, Nadine, I swear it's whoever, you know? Somebody we know Movie star Sports, jock, celebrity, somebody important Who's the hottest person in the world? Britney Spears, it was a pretty good battle there between Britney and Halle A very for a while And then somebody people went out and bought the star Which I apologize to Halle and her supporters for turning him out of that picture Because it was really didn't do her justice As David Justice would say Wouldn't she marry the David Justice? Who was married to David Justice? Or wasn't her? Who the hell was it? Or was some I check? Who was it? You're asking me. Will you get with it? Who's David Justice? Projust as you know who we go see don't you? Anyway, Britney Spears had 156, Halle, Barry 128 We got 1622 votes, are you ready for that? Anna Cornohordia had 112 Jackie Johnson, the channel 7 of Mother Babe had 92 Elizabeth Hurley, 77 Should I have 274? Oh, right I should have a show and don't mess with you Serena Williams and the brother was right yesterday 69 When interesting total of votes for Serena Jessica Alba from Dark Angel 65 I have no idea who that is Anyone on a why? Because I don't watch Dark Angel Well, I would like 52 we know who that is George Catherine Bell from Jag 49 Christian Crook from Smallville I don't know 48 it says here but it would go off to a slow start Do you really believe that Christian Crook? No, not really 48? No Two or a head of Charlie Steron from devils I've got two days in the valley and in your big valley 46 Catherine Zeta Jones 46 I used to work on Zeta IV See, I don't want to start nitpicking But Zeta is a Greek letter It's not like optional how you pronounce it It's like Bida You know, beta is beta And never the 24 Fred Omega I don't want to beat it at horse But Omega the Omega man Do you remember who used to play the Omega man in the movies? and movies horse you son of a man read her uh... let's say well do the break in the will finish off at least and will get to today's pool and will start getting some analization from the audience out there is i think we've reached marked out at a January twenty nine uh... two thousand three we've reached a new cornerstone in history of the show didn't you are going to be like uh... retooling and stocked in the court redue in the tool here right on a show can i sat here ten and five sixty w come by the way you can know when you go by the sea George and the whole gang trying to get laid to second uh... went to get to see the scorpions in concert at the corals guy amphitheater on the thirty first or have a really complicated contest involving just walking up an asking for right so you can went to get to the second i have some to say her share anybody wants that stuff i mean wants to go to the corals got on the side would you want to go there do first of the reading at the first of its really cool anyway snow and my miss speaking at that that's what time laments and in japan was echoing because he knows what's good for them they're very none in snow but in automobiles and uh... whatever else the fact we sent how it's so many cars they got no place to stick them even time laments had to put some in his driveway so they need to place one in yours as soon as possible as in pronto hell it's blooming out all new vehicles regardless of private including the potty ag vibes starting at a ridiculously low price of only thirteen thousand ninety eight and you get up to five grand off every g m c on boy and stock at halap plus yet zero percent financing or up to a three thousand dollar rebate the choices yours and we always tell you about the gigantic the almost endless selection of dependable pre-owned cars trust us you've easily and that never changes and also as far as credit is concerned that doesn't change either even if you got the worst credit and his demand kind time-lain will find some way to cut you down get you to a new vehicle maybe an old jelopy something at halapontiac right now it's the winner-blizzard emergency clearance sale going out now in your final upon the accum c and are same great spot thirty five years they've been doing people right one thirty four one south dixie highway that's who is one across from the falls open every day seven days week you'll save even some extra cash for having a ball to mention the roger show when you go in there call the new roger's yieldy the hotline for all the details call one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven for halapontiac g m c who be magnumistic about it professional grace and truly we're about to hear as an adolescently subjective umrocks series of that it's in changes with no endorsement authorization by those depicted there and we apologize however stand by our mission to make everything that is good and decent because ridiculous is possible it's the most talked about reality TV show of the fall wild wild action from the director of the ice board what is it's an your story is a producer of the end of the coal show yeah i'm gonna pour out the it's the Michael Jackson show i've been going for years i know but i can't remove any more of your nose i mean right now it's basically just a flow hall it would all right if you insist let's feel that there you go it looks cool i love it i cannot handle this too much my penis the Michael Jackson show it was a nightmare horrifying nightmare this fall on fox all of his tailers in the kitchen haven't sex with a llama i've done that mini you Michael i got that photo you've been waiting for that new photo where that Jonathan with liti kids that's what i want that's 16 to five 60 w q a man i've said you weren't such a good mood today it's almost illegal you know do you think it's just a coincidence no i don't think so i think that they see the thing about the bioreathms let's get early sochid on here to talk about all the socks they lost into bioreathms again our biological clock our biological clock was disrupted okay and you don't mess with our biological clock and as a result now we've discovered a way to get it like back in sync i keep saying that which i apologize profusely for that he should have been on the yesterday's like the crankboat just in tinkerbell oh sorry what Halliebury was very too what's his guess to say they've just his eye on that see on on my crap see it's not important is it what and that's why i know it my can candles the chronic factuses i really like the company with our keep the format could you please say hi to my mom sure he's a big fan of you know okay so hi sure it's and he likes the uh nine to ten hour see i was just gonna do it on Wednesday's a change in around with the new one hour window i was just for quite a while well you know how sometimes you also like to premiere uh interesting european music that you won't normally hear over here oh what are we gonna do that nine o'clock oh i don't think now you're getting a little bit curious anyway they don't want to hear my music believe me although the ten to eleven hour today sounds really good for them more music and then of course you love it a new hour that Asian music this is the disgusting story thanks Lynn our good friend Lynn Samuel's uh turn me on to this story west pombiege and i'll get i'll give you a rest of that poll just relax okay now now we feel like we're more like the whole the way to show was before they did for this show we're ready to the poll we have to nail it down before 1030 because there has a conference call just relax around nail it down first of all what do you mean nail it down he can take that off of there now i already made my copy of an air so go right ahead he put the new one i already fashion the new one all right then we're done doesn't he didn't he get it oh he didn't call me to say that he got it but i said well i'll fashion it again right now one moment please do i say five young fraction okay there you go air now bug off a television producer's lawsuit says her former employer fired her after she complained about the company including scriptures inside paycheck envelopes and promoting bible study at the office how do you like that oh good and lawsuit filed yesterday rosanne sonneborn also alleged wg MK television production president mark killer with l two weeks severance baby cus she wouldn't drop a complaint of religious discrimination with the equal employment opportunity commission the e e o c wg MK attorney Joe curly said sonneborn was far less dear because of the sluggish economy per claimed did not have any merit curly said that'll be proven court wg MK produces secular programs for cable dv a court of lawsuit killer a fundamentalist christian who also wants a christian tv station try to impose his religious beliefs on his employees how do you like that sonneborn described in the lawsuit as jewish non-religious alleged wg MK employees felt that going along with religious practices like voluntary bible study sessions would help advance their careers curly said bible passages the book of retone company included with its paychecks were old testament proverbs meant to be inspirational and dismissed charges that killer was trying to oppose his religious beliefs on employees killer is a religious person with a strong faith in convictions but there are a number of people who are jewish work there's well as other religions curly said i'd like that so we don't know who to believe but nevertheless you believe whatever you like date no higher seen out even even the stuff that's coming on the fact machine is like all of a sudden we're like in sick with a world again out there yeah like we're breathing the fresh air again so we've we've done here's we've been persecuted for over a year on a station because uh you know somebody got all uh paranoid and ben on a shape great yeah that's who it was and now we're liberated right and what a great transition i think it makes it's the qm transition hour from the morning grumpy old man hour to like uh some fun few yucks lighten it up a little bit don't have to find any scape goats until they notice somebody doesn't laugh we won't play but on zack all or could be as fault fat zack a judge or a minister to face trial to spread a plea by the past year's attorney said his client has been a sex addicts and taged ten and needs treatment my government county yeah this is in Ohio common please court judge Michael Hollier's day scheduled Kevin Allen Turner's trial for April number seven Turner 33 former pastor of anchor community church in suburban Trentwood was arrested in July after police say he used the internet to arrange that sex with a detective posing as a 14 year old boy a grand jury and then in my charge of attempting to come in on lawful sexual conduct with a minor and uh important important and position of criminal tools he had a criminal tool and he wanted to share it with a 14 year old boy he faces up the three years in prison to convicted of a good minister a matter of the cloth anyway getting back to the poll result let's see we looked off of Catherine Zeta jocathor and beta jones not that we want to beta dead horse jay low 41 Jennifer Garner from alias 37 Jerry Ryan seven out of nine seven of what does that mean seven a nine of nine that's uh the character she played when she was always at me dark try as in who is number six two of the cyborgs who is number who's number two you are number two right now you're out of two and right now chef Jerry Ryan had 35 from start direct Voyager can I will be cruise 33 man and a bread pit 31 he had the most of any of the males and are keeping mine we have a very very very overwhelmingly heterosexual male audience out there okay right back it so we don't have too many fangs or women out there so Brad pit was the highest man which really disturbs me because I mean you know what's upon a time like maybe an hour to a going was okay but now he's old and old meat 31 votes for Brad so fear for guards 24 lifetimes 24 Jennifer convict 24 and Sharon Stone 24 who just turned 84 have her lockler 23 faith he'll 21 Jenna Jamison the porn star had 20 see the problem with a porn star says not too many people know the names anymore like it used to be am I right right in the old days everybody new everybody's name is the only ones I know are the old bags Tom Brady was tied with Jenna Jamison 20 and guarantee is a lot prettier than she is camera DS 19 Brooke Burke ease wild on had 19 and Tony a sabotogini with the one lazy eye had 18 he did very well he's got that one Diane Magnum I oh sorry and of course you know how Diane got that I never used to be like that and the first time she came into the early and called Dwight eating ass that's when her eye kind of like cocked off of the side and never came back again she got cocky she got cocky poor Diane she not looking good these days either you know I don't watch that I don't see it right never watch Hamilton news but in channel surfing and I got my cable all fixed up I told you they're the best 18 team broad band in night I had a bad installation that was the problem so for like years my cable is sucked my end of my internet connection was like a spastic at best and I was like lightning it's like reached Jewish lightning I was so fast and Tony a sabotogini said 18 Natalie poorman 13 some a high actor teen Denise Richards 13 Renee Richards didn't make the cut Lucy Lou from Charlie's Angels had 13 I love that I just every time I say I get like excitement in fact doing at night at 10 hours this morning I think was almost like sexual excitement for me that's how great I felt at 10 o'clock it was it was refreshing right it was like a breath of fresh air as opposed to sitting down and feeling like oh well I got to like make something out of nothing I got to make like a chef the bring on out of a dog crap and believe me if I could do that I could maybe a lot of chef the bring on that because Tony oh what a way to start today tiny got it out soft served no less oh Lucy Lou at 13 Joanne play a lot of cat it doesn't Charlie Johnny that had 11 we got to find out from Nadine about Johnny dips you know affairs no private Leah Remedy had 10 also Jamie pressley had 10 Christina Aguilar had 10 oh my god and you know how much easier it's going to be now every time we went to Christine Aguilar to scope like that and we gave the grecia said nine I love Tom Wallinghead eight so in week eight just was a little bit ahead of Tom Lung Jessica Simpson had a your good close girlfriend she ain't looking at good anymore not that she ever did look that great oh I know you agree when you know we did really over again when I came back from vacation at time and you were raving about what a hot number shop where you were sitting right over there across three you having I've only ever said you that and you weren't even here then but you were nodding up and he'll not agree with anything you say crap because he knows that you can do nothing for him look at that twenty five bucks I got to me you even provided five you'll not up and down say anything he was right I won't be talking that up you can come and he's the cap he's going to work at same nasty cap if I'm most going to start talking about him he'll be the next non fashion plate Tyra Banks had eight Fox News had the red eight Heather Graham or gonna Fox News had the other Graham each had the eight no had a Graham had seven Beyonce no holds had seven Natasha henstreds from these species movies from the species movies had seven Nick Lashay 98 degrees had seven sorry Nick now Andrew shoe it took us forever to get his name for till we let the other shoe drop he was hot for about five minutes there when Melrose Place was really really big back in those days remember those days know you know cuz it's a long time ago what years was Melrose Place on he was big couldn't he was one of those peppy new England uh it was pretty good now it's probably really nasty looking Andrew shoe had five Monica Balucci had four I just want to say that the rest of the show Monica Balucci who probably knows Lou Palucci who she co-cheed don't bet on Louis Palucci he'd ledger from a night's hell on the Patriot had four I'm not even sure if that's a guy but it is yeah mama can check hidden Christians and we're not too sure he's a guy he's got three the young adult Darth Vader racial wise from the mummy head to Marty Hamlet misspelled by the way from the Ottawa senators had a pair and a lot of people want to see him and I'm a Campbell head one what a poll yesterday wow man 16 hundred like almost 17 evidence is Eric O'Key now as you got everything at his ear for his confidence well we don't want interrupt with his busy schedule okay cuz we understand he's got a lot of important calls to make a lot of people a bitch out 26 minutes I think Carl also be the first one got some great bedtime stories for you by the way are they up there yet or not are still working on them they're up there good some reaction the last night's speech which I did not watch fact our poll today I'll be about that speech didn't watch it we'll find out worldwide reaction what release going on there new kila I thought you didn't watch it low Miguel gave me a report oh oh my galwood watch it he may sit in their glue do it you know that old bush look or Miguel 26 after 10 at 560 WQ and pompot o' Parkley a great live racing four nights a week every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday by the way next week starting five nights first post time tonight and a 715 PM free general parking free admission every afternoon evening and since it's Wednesday don't forget everyone's the pompot o' Park is dollar night you can get a draft beer hot dog solar large pretzel or popcorn only a bucket piece coming up in February will be the big 250 thousand dollar alica pre-pacing series featuring many of the top horses in North America racing right here at pompot o' Park line a come off for a great evening horse racing action route home a winner from the rail features up to a private box eat on the fourth floor and you're a bed and jury hot foot Sunday or slicer or still as pizza and watch saving your hand coming in somewhere toward the back of the pack don't forget every Monday there's got to be Monday madness at pompot o' Park two for twenty five dollar full-course dinner specials at their labrs tart top of the park restaurant in fact if it keeps going so good maybe loop a luchy will come back also a great all you can eat the fan the fourth floor players lounge only ten ninety five per person every racing night and don't forget market dollar right now even though it's a few days away this coming Monday night it's that big night that south Florida just grabs their pants about the free spaghetti dinner pompot o' Park it's coming Monday for more third more details to follow soon don't forget live racing for nights a week and next week starting five nights and full card simultaneous thing every day seven days we starting at noon with high-light harness and turbo action fall all over North America pompot o' Park great live racing card that a seven fifteen tonight will see you there of course 725 dictate There's no so damaged this moon, me wants to leave your Harden all his new clear, keep a bill at least. Disappointing our inspection teams, cause we got our face that he's a deceiver. There won't be a trace. If we go back this time, we're out of luck. He's a deceiver that won't be a damn thing. We'll have a fight. He thinks we are more or less idiots. Think and you can hide the stuff he's got. What's the use of searching? What do we got to gain? Don't you know you can't try side-down movesign? We got our face that he's a deceiver. There won't be a trace. If we go back this time, we're out of luck. The deceiver that won't be a damn thing. We'll have a fight. There's a lot of people here. Why doesn't the audience give us more ideas for polls? Because they don't care. They're lazy, they're the tharjick. See what I'm talking about him? He could screw up a wet dream this guy. I haven't felt this good in years. I feel good too. I feel like we're on top of the world. We got the show back. We were taking hostage there for a year. Hey you ask a question. We're a prisoner of Greg and a mole-myster. And now we've got some mole-mentom going on the show I feel like. Yeah. And you're like crap in on our parade. Here's a bit of a way to hear this. Okay. Just to dispel your disgustingness. No one of the hated you in that poll two days ago. Since our photo only has a classic rock station that plays the same tarot worn out 20 rock songs and alternative slash new rock station that plays nothing but crap, why not do a poll on favorite rock bands that should be getting more player play but don't? Hi yeah. Who cares about hip hop or salsa says by the way my vote ACDC. And then an excellent suggestion for Mars Poll showed I think it's a lot of this stupid article in New Times that I referenced yesterday about the more hip hop which is just the last thing we needed. And kid curry by the way says nobody wants to go to work for clear channel. I'm sorry to be so blunt he says but that's the feeding and industry right now. Nobody wants to work for those assholes is what kid curry said. Always like that kid curry. He also says kids these days don't need 10,000 songs in a row with a grim laugh. They don't need a radio station to tell him what to hit. They don't even know power night is six. They don't even need power night is six. He says they are smart enough to download their own favorite 10,000 songs from the internet under CD. Oh. Son they more than a little conflicted he concludes for radio stations it's not really about the music anymore. It's what's happens in between the songs. That's going to be our motto on a show. It's what happens between the songs that counts. I'm going to your Roger show. Thanks kid and like you said who the hell needs power 96. I don't think he probably wants to mention that on the air but it's in new times he said that. That's not a good thing to be saying you know what I'm talking about not a bit. Anyway here's today's poll before we continue to do a lot of good stuff. The president's day of the Indian speech was I didn't watch it so I voted for I didn't watch it. You got five choices six choices did you watch it? And I'm not talking about seeing like 10 seconds here in there which I did I mean in between the smallville and the hockey games and everything else I saw that maybe 10 seconds here. 10 seconds over that's it. Not enough to make a judgment although I have a feeling. Anyway got 52 votes the president's day of the Indian speech was didn't watch it 21. The usual bullshit that they all do 12. Perfect seven outstanding six okay three and week three. Oh ho ho ho. How to 50 to the first 52 votes on today's poll. Woman convicted of killing cat and oven. A Syracuse 52 year old woman faces up to two years in jail after being convicted of choking a cat and then baking it to death in an oven. Vaked kitty. A states of green court jury deliberated over three days before final green yesterday then a guilty verdict against Laura and manning of Syracuse. On and out of a county assistant district attorney Laura Fierrensa said she intended to ask just as John Brunelli to impose some jail time as punishment for what manning did sentencing the schedule for March 14. She did this didn't kill his catch. He torture the animal the prosecutor said she baked it alive. Which was very cool and painful death for the animal. And she did it intentionally on your life. Fierrensa said she didn't know why manning did what she did last July 7. When this told police he saw manning choking a cat and carried the animal into her home and placed it still alive in the oven. Minutes later smoking a strong order came from the apartment firefighter's bond or cat in the oven. Now what's the name of that bit if you fire cats in Chrisco what's that call cats in Chrisco what we don't have it it's a boy it's it's somewhere. Anyway defense lawyer Alguest Nardon said he was disappointed by the verdict finding manning guilty of the felony countercoding animals he said manning seems stunned by the outcome the defense of content manning wasn't present at the residence when the cat was killed nor don't know suggested ongoing dispute between manning and some others of somebody else to kill the cat and blame manning. Who put the pussy in the oven that's the question today something white label best of kneel 92 right behind it is it right behind me I don't think so sure this note that the shop there great while we'll get that on momentarily. So that's up to date now we got to find out from the audience what they think about that nine to ten thing. Of course it's you know premature evaluation just one day we're just on top of the world about it here and of course what you thought about that person's system union last night and about what we're going to start dropping the bombs and how many times you're going to be hiding out of the bed how many instant people are going to die all these things. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line first calls in Margate hello. Hey Neil yes sir I watched the president unit of address last night. You know you never dream I was wondering when are we going to bomb them sand niggers. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Milton Manor's hello. Okay sir. I didn't watch the bush I was watching our Spartans beat up on the Hoosiers. Well that's pretty exciting. And then I watched the Panthers get beat up on that was even less exciting. I like to nine to ten hours. More Bob and Tom please. Okay. And maybe it's Bob and Tom on from nine to ten. But since I don't have a fax I want to be the first one to put the almond brothers on tomorrow's poll. Okay thank you sir. Thank you so much. See there already vote and I'm tomorrow's poll. That's how good that was. Of course we don't have any calls. Like I said the night to ten hours that thing through the whole show off today. Don't you feel that way? No. Is that what I just said little water going? No. Callos is notting us. Sure that's what you said Mr. and sir. 560 pound 560 pound 560. See this I don't understand these people they got no opinion on anything. How could they not have an opinion on something as significant to all of our lives as that? And you think they're going to fix you great poll ideas every day. I didn't say that. Maybe even mediocre ones every day. I don't know. I mean I'll decide. I think it would be good. I think this one is pretty good. We already had one suggestion there which I think is phenomenal. 21 to 11 at 560 the continued being just as little third because they want to be. This place is just a it's shocking is what it is. Shocking. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I think if we actually went out there with a bullwip and we whipped each and every one of these people out there it's still not going to be a they're just they're just in Lala land. And you see how immediately it drains the energy. I feel like I'm being sap that feel like Warren sap although not that fat or that dark but I feel just like Warren sap. They drain the energy out and that's what's wrong with South Florida. You can be feel like you're on top of the world. Hey what do you say? Eh. That's why. And you can just feel like all of the blood flowing to your toes you know. Very sad. 20 before 11 at 560 WC and a lot of people out there who wouldn't even be able to find their toes that's because they're fat. We got a lot of those people in this building. And the beast was one of me's after a really good start losing over 40 pounds of balance for life and you can do the same thing. And the reason it's so simple is because you don't have to be a genius to figure out how it works. The zone diet which is based on is extraordinarily complicated but the good deal is that our friends over balance for life to all like figuring for you. So there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie cutting, no carb counting, no balancing, no nothing. Just open up your little black sack which they delivered you door by six o'clock every morning. To your home, your office wherever you're going to be and right in there's all the food you need for the whole day. And I mean plenty of food. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks and all the food is made with the freshest to best ingredients. Nothing frozen, nothing pre-fabricated, nothing of a bunch of chemicals in it. It's a really great food. And you choose between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program and those are the only decisions you have to make it to piece a cake. So if you want to lose the weight to delicious and the easy way that it really works like with a beast, just call balance for life and let them help you do it this year. Call balance for life at 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. 5-6-8-32-29 or check all the details on their website, balanceforlife.com. And 46-5-60-WD-Crumbs use already like 11 o'clock. Oh my god, we're in heaven. We're in radio, we're in comedy bed, heaven today. Sputty of your right and tempered behavior. 5-6-7-05-60 here's a lady in Western, hello. Hi, Neil. Good morning. Good morning, too. I'm much appreciate your night to 10 hour today. I like a lot better than 12 to 1. It's a nice transitional hour. Yeah. It works out very nicely. I also agree with your first factor today who I'm embarrassed by the women in this town that Tom Welling and Johnny Depp didn't do better as a two of the most beautiful men I've ever seen. I mean, what are they going to get with it? Brad Pitt, I mean, what's upon a time was an externally good looking guy, but he went out with the wood white box. He's got all that facial hair now. He looks glossy and yucky. He doesn't look good anymore. He looks like our Tommy in production. He looks like a freak. He looks like he smells. Exactly. Well, he hasn't seen a bar of coasters to last when he dropped. Well, he's a rock and roller. You know, there's a boat that's melt. A couple of weeks ago, three weeks ago or so. I had a great double tree on that was one of those inside the behind specials with Johnny Depp followed by not on the same channel, but followed by the two hour episode of Smallville. Yeah. It's an emotional experience. But you were like a drain for a week after that. Listen, I saw saying, well, he's not inside of me. Well, I'm not know. It happened the day and you two stay away from the produce standard publics. But yeah, five, six, seven, five, 60, five, 60 on the AT and C and Verizon Wireless. Linest, right, Brad Pitt's old neat man. It's a good thing we didn't put Paul Newman on there. Robert Wagner, guys used to look good 50 years ago. We're talking about now. We had people calling in that member yesterday with some people. Well, how about, you know, people are used to look good like a boat Derek who just her 96. That's not what we're talking about. We're talking about what would you touch right now? Of course, a lot of our people out there. They would touch anything if it was like a live or even recently dead. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. That guy who fried the cat. He must be a Batman because it doesn't like pussy. What do you mean? Oh, God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T and Verizon Wireless line. Man died of a heart attack in Fremont somewhere. What else Fremont? I don't know. I don't know either. Do it to code it. No, this is not how the Ohio thing because it's from the Toledo Blade. Why is it that we got somebody out there? Or maybe it's an Ohio person? Maybe it's mad dog. Because he's from, um, where is that place? That's so lano, Ohio. Oh, no. No man. That's where the association again. There was a horse, solon pick. You're from my Joe Marstein, you're by the way, Trotter. And every time I want to think of where the man dog is from, I think of solon pick. I stick my finger in my nose and I pick a good one. Solon, Ohio. A man died of a heart attack during your fight with the friend of their religious beliefs. While they were playing cards early Sunday, police said his friend, a local man was charged in the death. Bread Fremont 38 appeared in Fremont. A voluntary man slaughter in the death of John Sidney 52 of Fremont was a truck driver. Mr. Sidney was pronounced dead in Fremont Memorial Hospital. The case was ruled by homicide presented to send us key county grand jury lay yesterday afternoon. Grand jury findings were not released yet. The autopsy said Mr. Sidney had a heart attack triggered by the fight. Police Sergeant Jim White said Mr. Fremont Mr. Sidney got into an argument then a fist fight while playing cards with six other people about 1249 AM. Sergeant White said they started talking about politics then branched into the discussion about religion. Witnesses told police Mr. Fremont, punch Mr. Sidney in the face of not him in the flow. Mr. Sidney hit his head on the Loneum kitchen floor. He was unconscious but still breathing when rescue squad arrived. Authorities said, I didn't like that. God dammit. Same old stuff. That's like a little microtiny microcosm of the human race right there. That's a microcosm of what we're talking about right now. All the stuff that's going on in the world right now. I'm so with the record. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Any light on today? Okay sir. I'm actually sent through the hour and three minutes of the presidential speech. Yes sir. My opinion. I think he did it throughout the fifth topic and I can see with pandering that everybody lives by. I think that. But isn't that usually the case with every person at the state of the immune speech? They should just dispense with it because it's like, here's a little something for you guys. Here's a little something for everybody else and just everybody stands up and applies. Well I know but here's an example. When Clinton was in office, a lot of the people are coming on you know, a lot of guys can up in those odd uniforms stuff of adrenaline. When Clinton got into the actual leaders of speeches, those declared divine means of the Republicans, what actually put more in stuff like that. Yeah that's true. Yeah that's very true. When when and Democrats were cognizant when I finally had to be. It was almost like everyone was just kind of kissing butt, you know like, oh okay you know you're wonderful guy. I want to keep it up. And I found that both parties like the real fire for topics and it just seems so a lot of hot. Well that's probably because the economy is doing so well and because the world of safe from all these terrorists. And we don't have to worry about any crap going on. And because Tom rates makes us all feel so insecure that they give another title. I don't I don't I don't think that's the case. I just don't I don't see a fire in any of the politicians that are out there. To me it's like we need the the white to sleep with everyone who's there and bring it all you. White white right clean. White about clean. Completely. Okay. Oh, I got the guy the guy who was up cooking the cooking the cat should go to jail. Okay. Wasn't a guy at first of all but anyway. Maybe it was a guy maybe her neighbor was a guy do we really know the answer and we we didn't care. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's dear field V. Hello. Dear home V. Yes sir. Yeah I read the story about the cat and the elephant I heard the cat was too wish. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T they're really with the start of the day. Like I said it's right I forgot about that momentarily. We were just too bit of a mood. Now all of a sudden here they all come man with their pointed hats. I'm the one who should have told them we were to get the thing. But we're really pissed off. We're in a really crappy mood. All right. See we're using reverse psychology because Here's a call from Kendall. Hey me. Okay. Listen maybe you you you can do a poll on a reason why I don't call Neil. Yeah maybe a whole time too long or stuff like that. I don't know. The presidential thing. I hope I wish you was on every night. Because that way I can fall asleep a lot quicker. Okay. Do you notice that he keeps calling I read. I didn't know why didn't. While I read. He said our response passes are can. Well you said nation I write rags but the people who live there are ringing. Not you ackeys or I run. Yeah. It is in the person that lives in Iraq and I wreck it. Not in the 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Presidency of the Union speech last night was we got 160 votes. Didn't watch it 54. The usual bullshit. They all do 46. There's a hundred right there. Outstanding 22. Pathetic 21. Okay 11 and weeks 6. That's the gamut. No interest in our 9 to 10 hour. So basically no we had 2. We had one fast no one call. So basically what we're going to do whatever the hell we want to do. Whatever makes us happy. Because we had a lot of people out there who'd number one don't give a crap number 2 won't say anything and number 3 don't want us to be happy. As if we really give a crap about more ons with pointed hests. Who call radio talk shows. From the anonymity of amm amenity of a goddamn payphone somewhere with somebody else Dining it. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. What's up? I want to know what's with the county commission. This sounds like this sounds like Dave the cop. Dave the cop. Yeah. See you there. We don't do chronic some of the show. I've worked for 27 years. To avoid a situation. Following into this thing with chronic. I hear the morning show many got you got the Jamaican Paul. You got the mayor of little Havana. One whatever it holds name is he's another one. And then you got about to have it as an exit. They get like the same eight misfits. I mean really terminal. Most of them by the way have very bad phones and also speak very poor English. And you can't understand the damn thing they're saying. We're not going to do that. Dave the cop is very articulate. You can understand what he's saying. We just want to talk to them. Don't you find him annoying? No. I do that. I do that. Oh well. That's what I'm saying. But he's chronic just in a certain way. I can't describe you. Maybe it's only me. He'll take it personally and maybe he'll be offended too bad. Just one of those things. We like you a lot Dave. You're a good guy. You're a regular listener. You're always there for us. But the bottom line is don't ever call us again. My life in local. We're sports radio 560's UAM. I was so with you got from a spoke. Let's grow. Under ocean skies. We're girls. We're girls. I'll with girls. And fellas with guys. Let's climb. Right up the crow's nest. Drop anchor with me. On the old coupe deck. You love the game ball. Soon we'll be making another run. The game ball. A promise is that's the pedal for fun. Oh you can be gill again. I'll be the skipper. Ahoy. Hi little buddy. The sea. Is the place you should go? Oh. If you stay on deck. I'd like to go below. You love the game. Welcome aboard the game. I love it. I want a 560. Nobody to QA. Uh. Fat boys. Narodic neighborhood Dave. That we could do well without. But he facts his me and other list of my people. The top 10 movies that made man cry but wanted minute. He says it's a wonderful life is number one. And I cry when that comes on. Right before I hit the remote and turn him on other channel. Does this piece of crap on again? Boy. E.T. Field of Dreams. Pretty woman Brian Sonshin was driving Miss Daisy. Rudy. What else? Football movie. Order. How do you know that? I was just a ho ho. Loved to a rocky one and fatso. Fatso. Rocky one. You cried when you saw fatso? Get the funny tune. I left my ansoff. Why would you cry during that movie? It's sad to be me. Does nobody said no. I feel sorry for me. I feel sorry for me. As he was shouting all the Chinese food in his post. He did bring back the bags with the bones and that was kind of considerate. The top 10 movies that made man cry. But one admitted. That's a possibility. Here's that this is not to make you cry. Gwen Stephanie said there is no doubt that Gwen said it's from my stuff. No matter how you say she's still a skank. At least in this picture she was nasty. She's. What would you laugh about? She's flat chested. And I've never stole her nasty. What about me? She's fantastic. Oh, and you are you alright. Lana has no boobs and the other one. What's her name on the show? From small to light the blind. She said, the blind girl. She's got a much more supple said than Lana. Maybe that's why Clark ain't though. You know, all that crazy. In fact, he may have a contest to see who's got smaller nipples. Lana or Clark on its show. I think Clark's got her beat. He's got a smaller one. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Good show last night at smallville to bed. Lottie, wasted your time. See the reason I didn't watch out for his. I don't want to see him. I mean, he has nothing to say that I want to hear. Because basically as far as Iraq is concerned, it's catch 22. If the inspectors find nothing, that means they're hiding it. So let's go in here and kill him. If they find something, ah, there we really go in there. So it's, it makes no difference. Whether they find anything or not. Because they've already made up their mind. And number two is going to be solution for the economy. No. Other than more tax cuts for his rich friends. No. How's that market doing? Not too good today. Not too good. The S&T is down almost 10 points. So apparently the reaction is not overwhelmingly, uh, his, uh, excited. That was down 122. And as deck down another 20 points is a continues taking a precipitous decline. And the only thing they can keep coming back at us with is more tax cuts for the rich. Tax cuts for the rich. Uh, tax cuts on dividends, which that has never any chance by the way. No more tax on the good. No chance. None. Even Republicans are saying, ah, well, you couldn't. No chance. But he's trying. You got to face it because they figured they've only got to four years. I mean, you're hoping for another doesn't with this one and his brother. But they've only got to four for sure that they still. I mean that they got. And so as a result, while they know what they say about making while the sun shines or having that same. That's what they do all you can. That's exactly what they're doing. Here's Holly would. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Mr. Rogers. How you did it? Okay. How are you sir? I've been listening to your program about six months now. I really, I find it very enjoyable. Well, thank God. And I know when you start talking about this town, you really get sort of emotional and everything. I haven't agreed with everything you say. Of course. I would imagine you traveled. You go to Canada and you go to Europe. Don't do people ask you what South Florida is like to. No. They never ask you. No, I volunteer it. I say don't ever go down there. You'll hate it like poison. Okay, but I get an idea. It's very difficult to explain what South Florida is. But I have an idea that you're going to do. It's right in the York. I'm sorry. It's worth a thousand words. Okay. You get a piece of sandpaper double sided. Very fine. And you cut a three inch long strip and one inch wide. Uh-huh. And then you stick a deep in your back. Five six seven five six eight go back to New York. So we're just nausea. We have more. We have so many like you here in Florida in Florida. We just, in fact, they must be the radians. Don't remember they had the press conference on Hollywood. This caller was in Hollywood. Maybe they cloned him. He's well, those New York clones. I mean, I don't want him to take it personal. Let's see. Want to do in which case, please do. But I have no idea where he was going to stick to sandpaper. But it was kind of a rough call. Five six seven five six eight pound five. You know, this weekend I was watching the entity hurricane Ohio State came again. Not that's just a joke. It's just a joke. I mean, and anybody who calls this paradise and spends their spare time in between Plain rounds of golf would er a baggy or checkered pants in her. A hammer there of her clothes, bans. Watching tapes of old games again. I mean, what does that tell you about what this place is? Just take a, a thing of sandpaper. Cut it three. Cut it three. How do I freeze? Why? And get hold of it or wipe your ass with it. And get on a bus. Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I just tuned in recently, but I listen yesterday. Can you tell me just real quick who won the most attractive person yesterday? Ready, stairs. Oh, can I have to go ask you a question? What, what did you vote for? Well, I didn't go. I don't have a clue. What would you vote for? Well, I didn't. There was one person on the list that I wouldn't wish that was on there. But I don't think you guys had her on there. Hillary. Who is it? Hillary? Flank? Flank? Flank? Flank? Hillary? Hey, Oscar winning actress to be sure. Oh, excuse me. But not a hotie. Come on, George. She did that. I'm going to put things at your heart. This guy is emotional just mentioning her name. He's a grab in it right now. She's hot. And what about, was, did you think when the filing was on your list? No, was he should have been? You go, had their grandmas on there, right? Right. She didn't do squat. But you know what? I saw another night movie where she shows a ton of nudity in. Boogie Knights. What is it? It's talking about Heather, right? Yeah, Heather, but I... Boogie Knights. Boogie Knights. But there was Martin Markin and Stakey's stunt. But he wrote a baby. Stunk painting. He never seemed that movie highlander and game or something like that. I don't know. There was oral misphyseication scene with her when the guy wrapped the thing around her neck. No, actors were too far apart. I don't sound like that. He heard him. I thought her. That's Heather Graham. No. I promise. No. Okay, you guys go ahead and fight this out. Let me know what you're done. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. That was great. Thank you, sir. For lighting up our day and otherwise, very... We were in such a good movie. Man, a 10 o'clock, we were like ready to jump through hoops. And then we took a few calls and pushed, you know, it's usual. And now all of a sudden this guy brings us back to it. You know, he was good. I have no idea what you guys were talking about and couldn't care about her grand. I ran the talk about BDI Bobby Graham. How's this hard to win? Why don't we hear anything about that? He's only like getting ready to run from president maybe. He's only our ex governor and our current senator one of. What's the story with that? Nobody cares. Nobody knows where more excited about it. And that's probably what we had over 1600 probably if we left it. There could have 2000 votes. That's how into it they were. Wait, that's one point you can't do too much. You did it just a couple months ago. I think you're like, hey, I'm gonna do it again tomorrow. Let's do it now tomorrow we got already. I'm gonna save these. I'm building my list of polls. Because let's face it even a great pollster like yours truly. You don't have an endless number of brilliant exciting wild ass polls, you know? At least he was emotional about his choice. And you better dummy up about what was your name? We're going to picture a filory swank. She's like, she was in that movie. It always don't cry. Is that a swine? No, she's rake. Is Hillary skank? She's a fine. I don't want Hillary. I was just a handful. I don't want Hillary is skank. Yeah. I was doing everything else that had a skirt on it even some that didn't. The ice princess. Why don't we put her on there? On where? Ice. Time minutes after a lot of like 10 games. Let's see, nobody's calling her. Oh, and here's, here we go. Because nobody listens to it. We never said nobody's calling her in the 90s. This is must be a little Steve or some other Oshan provocative to it. Not today taking the typing. And still writes, Swill. This is his great bits this morning. Miss the Eisner bit. I don't understand what that means. The Eisner bit. But I prefer the noon to one comedy bit. Our serves is a great finished year show. If you make a comedy bit, survey my hodas for noon Wednesdays noon to one. So it's Tracy. And you say, How about on each end? How about the 90s 10 and noon to one? And 10 to 11? And maybe even 11 to no. Oh, like a nice cream sandwich. Like an Oreo. Oh, yeah. We're just filling in here in between to fill in. 9 minutes after 11 at 5.60 W to kill him. What have we got today? We haven't even mentioned because it's going so fast. Thanks to that great comedy bit 9 to 10. Our Tracy and Sputtle. That fact you just sent with the best of intentions. But forget it. Ah, manage it one in a studio. The mad dog. Then you got Hank at the heat at the AAA arena. Well, that hump are we. We're going to get him back in a building again or what? What? And he's good and ready. What is Tora's over? When he loses a couple ounces? What's the rush? He's having a chance. There's any rush. I like seeing the hump for once in a while. Put the smile on my post. All over. He's got to lose an ounce or two. Hank is doing a short from the, you know, my me heat from the macaroon the afternoon from 3 to 6.50. You got that? 6.50. 10.70 gets a 10 minute reprieve because you got her a cool warm up. 6.50. Her cones and Providence. 7 to cloud basketball. Eddie K after the basketball game and Joel and Mark 2 to 6 in the morning. Basketball games college don't last three hours. What do they do? I like I said. Eddie K will be long shortly. Fucking about five minutes. 10 past eleven at five sixty WQA. And we got a minute of votes on the pool already about last night's. I'll stay to the union speech 236. Didn't watch it 82. The usual bullshit. They all do 60. Outstanding 38. Profetic 32. Okay 15 and week. You know how many people said week? I'll give you a clue. Yeah. Hey, if you're still sleeping on a crap. You're lumpy mattress when you get up in the morning. When you roll out a bed and fall on the floor, your back probably tells you you feel like crap. If you want to get a great night's sleep every night. Do the smart thing. Call that a mattress. Believe me. You'll feel a lot better for it. Call 1-800-MATT-RES right now. And you can have a great night's sleep as soon as tonight. And as far as brands are concerned, whichever one you prefer the best in the business. Seely, service, and king-core, they cure them all in every size and style. And the good news is you'll have 30 days to try out in your home with the best Cup of Exchange policy ever invented. Some places make you sleep on the old mattress for at least 30 or even 60 nights before making the exchange on the new one on the morning of it. If you're not comfortable after the first night, you just bought 59 more sleepless nights until you can do something about it. Then they'll charge you for restock. We'd love you pay for retail price on exchanges. When you do business with data mattress like I'm doing in Georgia and McGill and everybody else with the brain, you get real comfort with no BS, no extra fees, no hidden charges. And you want to do an exchange. You can do so anytime within their 30-day corporate exchange period. No hassles at all. If you like to shop online, check them out at mattress.com. That's the website for data mattress. If you want to see it before you buy it, mattress.com's got pictures of the mattress. You're going to fall in love with it. Make the call out of the Dall of mattress and you're a great night's sleep for months and years to come. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. Hey, look! This is sports radio 5-6. 2-8-8-8-8-8. Tuck it or Vitty Crocket. Oh my! Oh my! He was one of the biggest movie stars of the 80s. One of the people magazine's sexiest men of the year. But drugs and alcohol took their toll. The East Ruhalaiwood story, Nick Nolte. Can you explain to me your current problems? I'm with you on me. Are you drinking? Yeah. Are you taking drugs? Yeah. Sixth with prostitutes. Yeah. Are you wearing tissue boxes for shoes? Yeah, sure. Can you tell us why? I'm with you on me. The East Ruhalaiwood story, Nick Nolte. On E Entertainment Television. Yeah, sure. 116-16 at 5-6-5-4 was just in here. He said, hey, Buffalo Sabres. Bye, bye, bye! Run away. To a bliffy in Mosswicko. Rick Jenner, right? We're like an informant. Now, tell ya. Food substance found safer than thought. Let's correct a story that we had. By the way, fat boy lost the... How much were you before? 3... 21. Lost the... 7 pounds? 3-14? Oh! Here you go. Let's find a way. Just took a huge dump. Just by not taking the walker out of the scale with him. Yeah. Haha. Uh-huh. Food... I see, this is the correctest story that they gave us before that everybody's all worried about, including you. A substance found in fatty fried foods such as potatoeships and fries can cause cancer and animals, but the levels are not high enough to increase the risk of disease in humans' researches, ideas today. Don't you feel better now? What substance does that mean? We need a scientist, sparked a worldwide food scare last year when they find how levels of the substance are cr<|ca|>abied. A possible human personage in high-car foods including certain cereals and cooked potatoes, like potato chips and french fries. With a million A's. But new research by scientists at the Harvard School of Puebro-Couth and Boston and the Carolin Schenzertut in Sweden, the first to look at a cr<|ca|>ide in terms of human data cancerist, found a main... do you hear that? Must be the home of Antonio. Sounds like a massive lawsuit to me, and so I found it may not be as dangerous as people who are living in the living room. The study for some evidence that you might have a cr<|ca|>ide, people are taking this problem, but probably not sufficient to increase the risk of cancer, so if you have a death wish, you just need a lot more fries than to the other ships. Just shovel them down. You know what? I do not understand. I do not understand. Have you... I'm sure you've seen the spots for like pizza hut and other pizza joints. And they delivered you pizzas and like sweet rolls. Sure. The cinnamon. I don't understand that. Would you like some mashed potatoes with your pasta? Yeah. It's what they make. It's in a different shape with a different topic, so it's really easy to make. Maybe that's what they make. Yeah. But the point I'm trying to make to is why would anybody in their right mind eat? It is like saying, why should I have some pasta with your pizza? Because it's free. Never thought about that. So anyway, forget about what we told you before, okay? And maybe you'll be alive, maybe you won't. I love this story. Woman pleads no contest with salty cookie stand clerk. This is great. What kind of cookies? An arbor Michigan. Oh, I dare not know what the mad dog says. They're all screwed up in an arbor. They're all a heavy, heavy drugs. Have you said that? They got the best open in arbor you ever smelled? You said that. I'll bail for woman pleads no contest. The yesterday to assaulting your clerk at a shopping mall stand. Over a chocolate chip, macadamia nut cookie. Go on. I'm surprised the president didn't mention that last night at least I didn't read about it. Laura Smith 25, who pleaded no contest to Mr. Meena Resulton battery. It's scheduled for sensing in March 10th. Uh, Mac, I know contest, please not to mention a guilt. I've a bomb. She faces a maximum since the 93 days jail end or $500 fine. She was ordered to stay away from Ann Arbor's barred wall and the clerk after the December dispute came to blows. Police said Smith became angry when the cookie she wanted wasn't available. Uh, then pick up a two-pound box of tissue rappers and herl did that to clerk. The clerk's glasses broke in a box trucker and a post-causing minor injuries. Smith then went around the counter and parsed the clerk. Did he didn't have her macadamia nut cookie? Smith said the clerk started the confrontation with verbal insults. It's upsetting because she started the whole thing and said, come on, that's fight. She proceeded to go around the cabin or behind the counter, I just met her with the dove. And after to the flow. And gave her what four. I got two by four. Yeah, over a macadamia. Although you know something, I think it sounds pretty good. Macadamia chocolate chip cookie. You know what I'm doing it for right now? Sir. What are you doing yesterday? No, no. I'm just spread. No, no, no. Holy bread. Cheese sandwich. Oh, with onions and bacon. What are you laughing about? You don't think that sounds good. That sounds wonderful. I'm going to tell you that cheese sandwich I had yesterday. This is we had a great, the good time, the good mood really started yesterday morning. Because what was out sick? And so jelly was out in the hall during the breaks, and even the rest of the time on a show was supposed to be on. He's flittering around in a hallway and everybody's having a good time. And bringing in just tons and tons of food. And nobody was saying, oh, a lot of it. If it isn't for me, I'm not eating it. In fact, if it isn't for us, we're going to grab it. We know, care. Who it's for? And it was fed Zach, a bounce around the hallway, but I don't know what to say. Watch your back, Zach. He's right on the edge now. After that disgraceful story, he put on the area yesterday about day one, instead in Troy, equipment. That was at a disgrace. We don't need to be putting that kind of crap on here on his station. And so he took some crap about that. This one is what I'm hearing. Down the hallway. But we had said you were a time because there wasn't that that horrible air. You know what I mean? The dark cloud. The dark cloud that hangs in this building between six and nine and a morning. The one good thing I'll say is I think he high-tales it on here real quick, you know? At least by ten we're safe by the time we finish with our nine to ten comedy, bit our we're safe. And then all of a sudden, look at the difference in how I even sound. I can hear it myself. I sound like a free human being today. Like I've been liberated. Fried from that dark cloud that's been hanging over our heads. I don't want to be around it no more. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. 289 votes already? The president's divvion in speech was didn't watch it 98 over a third. You turn. He's got nothing to say that I want to hear. It's a maybe goodbye. The usual bullshit that they all do 77, outstanding 45, pathetic 37. Okay, it was okay 19 and week 13. So if you go outstanding and okay it was like 22 percent. Which means 78 percent either didn't watch it until I was really usual. Crap, swill. Teacher Su is over her rest for giving back Pock to student. We'll get to that. We'll talk about that as they say. Here's Miami, hello. How do you hang in, Ginger? Okay. More, hang in to the right. We're there. Okay. Put your teeth back in a glass. Okay, pops that ain't helping. Good God. And by the way, free spaghetti dinner, pop it apart. Nice money. I'll see you there Monday night. He's calling probably from Winmore. Welcome to South Florida, ladies and gentlemen, where the average age is death plus 50. Yesterday was lunch at mommy's nice lunch. I was very, very good for a change. No paprika, no hemorrhage. But you know, you think the driving is like bad in general? Have you ever driven on, you know where my mother lives? Have you ever driven on sterling road in that area? Yeah. Oh, and you're still alive though. You don't know anything. You should drive it on a Saturday. Yeah. When the cost is not all traffic because Temple is in session. Oh, she didn't even go to the game with one of those anti-Somantic remarks. And so the chicken on the poor Jew is the old way. Is it beach and then in the other direction? Well, guess what, Sunday you'll be old and decrepit two, Mr. and you'll be sitting on poor phone books. Or over to steering wheel like Bob Mayer. What do you mean Sunday? My mother sits on phone books in her car. She's still driving by. I'll sit and I'll just stack right now. And quite frankly, yeah, mom is it a short stack. Probably from my friends at Dunkin Donuts. We missed them badly. I mean, we missed the good old days. Well, this place used to be so different, you know? And I think we've just by action. We fell into a bucket of crap with that nine to ten comedy, but now we're just here. Now why do I do that? What was the reason? I don't know. Just an idea. Just a way. We was just a whim. Just another one of my brainstorms of just having like a lightning bolt. Yeah, just because we were talking about starting the show. Because the nine to ten hours sucks anyway. We hate the nine to ten hours. It was forced to upon us. We didn't want any part of that crap. That's Greg again trying to try to go up, try to use his franchise to go stuff other day parts. Shame on you, Greg. Shame on you. Oh, a judge has got his new contract. Now is it, is it done or did you just see it? No, no, no, no. Now, how come we went until now to close about this? Huh? I told you this morning. I'm not talking about me. I'm talking about the vast audience and all your fan out there in the audience. Oh, they don't care. Some of them of course are we now blowing their brains out? The thing is, you might be here a little bit longer. A little bit. Yeah. Until they tie it. So a judge is going to be filling in for me when I'm not here on certain days. Maybe tomorrow might be a good day. That sounds good to me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going to do a time jicker road. I'm just going to call in from around the world at my women you do the show. You get much younger than a graphics anyway. They like you better. You're head or sexually want to talk about all these hunt pay. Oh, yeah. All these chicks with whatever they got. Right. Whatever they got. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Yes, sir. They don't sensational. No, I know you didn't watch the city of the Union address. Why do you not? I watched it and I have some points that I, you know, you start talking about the economy and healthcare and all that. Don't be hard to do that. Yeah. Talk to the war on terror and, you know, he said that we're winning the war against terrorists. Don't be a long cycle winning the war. But then when he talked about Iraq, he gave an all-pimateum to sit down and say, Well, we've seen like to me, you know, he was talking about all the chemical weapons that he had. How he just thumbs his nose. Well, they won't have we can't find, right? Well, basically, and then he looked, we're into the tam likes. Straight ahead, he told the Dom, he goes, Mama, Mama, Lapping. Yeah. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T and for ice and wireless line. You know, something if I would have known, if you did do that and I would have known to watch, if he was going to say what he just said, which we had to double. We didn't have to, but I just felt like doing it. You're running away? Why? It's one of them. Hey, don't forget, Joined George, for happy hour. Did I want to hear that crowd? Five to seven at Treasure Island located off the palm. I don't just know if it's the 120 second street exit. Stop by for drinks, special prizes and when tickets to see the scorpions in cosy that the anxious cross, I am for theater out of the 31st. Hope it doesn't rain then, by the way. You can't believe how easy it is to win. You know, it's those tickets, man. I think I do maybe you only have to spin the wheel. That's right. You mean you have to eat the wheel? I don't have to eat the wheel. You'll show it when they will be winning. What do you mean by that? I don't understand. I thought you told me you always have a good crowd of treasure around. Oh no, the crowds, these are just not a lot of interest for those tickets. You mean they don't want to see the scorpions? And I can't. Or they just want to go to the cross guy amphitheater and get put ammonia. They don't want to see the white snake. Oh, or docking? I'd like to see the white snake where it's time, Brady. 26 past 11. By the way, 28 men has not come to the dolphins and we want to excoriate the worst of morning show for like stern olives. We got a little bit of ink in the papers about that. A five of f... you know, they mentioned our call. And I think that was good going. That's going guys. Don't pay attention to what's his name. Well, funny, buddy. Another day's gone by. You're still underpaid and stuck in a really crappy job. A lot of you guys out there. If you're really looking for a high pan career, quit weighton. Call fast train, toll free at 1-866 fast train. If you're in rule now, you can be certified on the way to a new high pan job by April. How come she was not there? I've already been. Yes, if you can commit three nights a week fast train can have you certified as a computer professional by April. Call fast train, toll free at 1-866 fast train. They offered job placement easy financing. They night and weekend classes. They got four convenient locations in Miami, Kendall, Pepper Pines and Fort Lodderdale. Just once in Polkalu beyond your way to no exciting career, you can kiss the buyer and crappy up job and your asshole boss. Pick up the photo call fast train right now. 1-866 fast train or check them out on the way to fastrain.com. When you call be sure and tell them that the most anxious Todd Rack 40 to call. My life and love, six is for three of my 60s. You way too way, yeah. And a hornier. It's not surprising. If you know me even at 24, all the jokes do the mean amount of her, I'm not your ball, I'm just a friend and a black-to-blue roll. To warn you, knees now, fast and ordered. Quickly walk the love of style, so before and ever, get eaten a flag of each cup, or the angry and cheap box done in a mirror. I just want to kiss a lion. I can't even know how to play a lion. Oh, back again. I can tell where I live. Oh, back in. Oh, it's really. Maybe we're from South marijuana. I'll show you a big, big corner about the black-to-blue. Like the foul-low, to late to have you. It's the inner inch foul-low. I just want to kiss a lion. So far as you want to blow. Well, well, well, well, well, well. So far as you want to blow. I just want to kiss a lion. So maybe I can throw. Oh, wow. Like, yo. Like, yo. Like, yo. Oh, like, yo. I'm not insane. Like, yo. Oh, like, yo. 27, I don't know. In five, 60, nobody could. I mean, it was a very grotesque one. It's supposed to be because there's a present. We couldn't say blow job. It's like blow up the world. That's okay. So blow. But by the way, careful. You blow your blow stuff. That's it. How come Nancy Pelosi was torturing and chuckling in our last night. You see that? Because those facts didn't say that anybody mentioned they presents you to the word nuclear, severed times. That's not nuclear. I swear. I swear each time they paned the gallerano, it's the foreign contingency snickering. And I saw Nancy Pelosi. Just saw them show the clip on CNN. I didn't turn up the audio before to show this one. But she was snickering. In other words, it was one of those speeches, I guess, we're in over the laugh or cry. So it's a little bit of beach. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Here's a new proposed lineup for QAmen in the morning. 690, M posts. Moe Howard and Gildy. Every day guessed one from a little event of fish. Shelly. Jamaica Paul. David Markt and Jets fans and Richie from Borshead. I thought it was a new lineup. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Almost no input on our 9 to 10 hour. Which, you know, maybe they didn't hear it. Maybe they didn't see all those billboards promoting the hottest hour in town now. The 9 to 10 county bits hour. The transition hour. If you're able to do a great mood for the whole day to set the tone, you know. For those people who didn't like the tone or nearly, we're improving the tone. If you listen very carefully, you can hear it. Here's a call from 4-Lotterdale. Yes, sir. Can't hear you. You're like mumbling or is it the bad phone? Here you go. 2 things. 1. I got late. What happened 9 to 10? You got a new format. Probably 10 days we've been doing the comedy with some new to 1. So we've moved it from 9 to 10, which we're thinking about doing every day was great. Oh, no. Okay. The second thing you hear is. I know, but I know the comedy bit part. Okay. No, no. I've been time stories. The comedy bit I know. Like the thing with mo and the rest. That's the only hilarious one is the thing with mo. More and more. More and more. You'd love it. Go ahead. The second thing is. I listen to you all the time, but what he was the hard on you have for the president. What does that mean? I mean, you know, it's time to be the president. I mean, let me ask you this. Do I have to like him? Is this a question? I just ask you a question. I think you want me to describe very simply. Without getting the hysterical without getting argumentative. Let me give you one more. The describes how I feel about him. M. Oh, R. Oh, N. Okay. That's more. I thought about the one. Okay. 5.6. 5.6. Do you think he got the message? He chuckle. I think he got it. That sums it up. M. Oh, R. Oh, N. Only in this case, a very dangerous one. See, that's what the person is. What do you like about him? Oh. Oh. Ask me tomorrow. Okay. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. The only AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line Mad Dog coming to the one Hank from the AAA Arena. That's where you clock this afternoon. Here's Halandale. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I am away from my computer today, but I wanted to say that the president's speech last night was pretty good. I'll give you a couple points. Let's just think about. Okay. One was that he boosted AIDS funding for Africa. He's tripling the amount of money that they're spending over there. And he mentioned that it's an active nature and that they're going to help try to fight it. And a lot of times you hear some kind of wack of Christians say that some kind of wrath of God and all that for homosexuals. Now, let me ask you this. And they also are going to send a bunch of people over there to teach them about, you know, not using condoms and doing all these terrible things. I don't know about the details and that. Uh-huh. This money was for drug treatment to help them with the, those that have the HIV virus. So that, I've particular point that felt was pretty good. Yeah. And then also. What about funding AIDS research here, do you say anything about that? Well, that is ongoing. I mean, there's millions of dollars that get spent from pharmaceutical companies, federal government, and a different health and human service department. Is that why they tried to stick Jerry Faker on the AIDS commissioner a couple of weeks ago? And then everybody found out where he was coming from. And then he ran away from him like he was poisoned. The AIDS commission. That I don't, I'm not sure about that. To take it with person, but I think that that particular point with, I'm not listening to call it a deeply. Well, see that's why he, he made the point that it's an act of nature. So I think that was pretty good. I think he laid out the case for Iraq that these weapons that they say has were documented back about four years ago. And they're on account for it. That's the big problem. Let me ask for this. If the DEA rated your house looking for drugs. Okay. And they couldn't find any. And they said, we're positive you had them, but we're sure you flush them down the toilet or through them in the dumpster six months ago. So we're going to like, you know, throw your ass in jail. See, in other words, how can you condemn somebody for something you can't find? If you say, well, I destroyed him, I threw him out. I never had one. If you can't out, he's, in other words, he's got to catch twenty two. Like I said before, if they find stuff, then we're going to blow him to bits. If they don't find stuff, then they're going to say, well, they either lying about it or hiding it. Well, I think that with Iraq, that's not a good analogy because this is something that everybody in the world agrees that he had all these chemical weapons. Everybody, if everybody in the world agrees with that, then how come, most of the world does want us to go in there? That's as agree with the Germany alike. France, Germany, who are you mean to have the leading opponents of us coming around? No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. They acknowledge his weapons. They just don't want war to resolve it. But they acknowledge that he has them. Yeah. But I enjoy your show and just real quick with it on the side. I do sales. I travel around the state and I can hear you up through winter haven and Melbourne. It's terrific. All right, thanks, thanks a lot. I'm a man. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T of rise and wireless life. See, we can agree to disagree with that guy and I. Without getting all been out of shape and nasty, like you just had the tendency of doing. Let's see, high-neal, we're both said last night, too many Americans in search of treatment for legal drugs. Can I get it to not ever pose a new 60 minute dollar program, to help an additional 300,000 dollar Americans? What does that mean? He says, I did the math that turns out to 200,000 dollars per person. Chris says, you should have heard him try to say the word peninsula. I sure hope he didn't say penis. You know all those Christian fundamentals very upset and excited, too. If he would have said penis last night. Do you say that? A couple of times? 560, 750, 50, pound 560. No response. We had those two. That's yeah, I wonder what the other guy said. It sucked. That other one. The one that was given me crap because of the fact that I said Bush is an MOR. Whatever I said. MOR. Oh, R. Oh, N. And dangerous. 20 till noon see. I don't understand if he wasn't all that dangerous five or six years ago. Why see all that dangerous now? And how come North Korea is not our immediate headless? Well, we know they got no sooner bragging about it. And they 10 and they certainly are far more. They're not third world. They're 50th world North Korea. They're just bragging about them. They're waving them around. They'll drop. Makes a Sodom who same looked like a sunny school preacher. Or maybe not that dangerous. Communists remember the communist, but communist bad. Right. How come that's not they bad, right? Why not anymore? Because we're remember what Martha Stewart said. I want to concentrate on my salad. I want to concentrate on my salad. Don't start confiscating here. Don't try to change the subject. In addition, which is North Korea have any oil? Well, no, they got. Okay, that's it. I'm sorry. 20 till noon at five, 60. W.M. Hey, if you avoid everybody else if you stay in a household. They don't because you got an ugly bald spot. And the hair just keeps falling out of clumps. Here's the answer for it. Don't be like a hermit. Be like a social butterfly and get yourself a great looking head of hair from our friend Charles Alfieri. In business for over 25 years, Charlie's got the latest technology and the best looking system in the world. They call it the natural hairline system. Why do they call it that? Because it looks natural. In other words, like the hair is really going out of your scalp. That natural hairline as opposed to like some barnyard animal crawled up on your neck. Jumped up on top of your head and just croaked right on top. They're like a musk rat. Forget about that. Call today. Take advantage. You're two in an hour. New largest disc. Just call tool free. Call for 13 and there's no obligation. They'll give you a free consultation and Charlie will sit you down and show you just how much better and younger and naturally you can look again. Better than you ever thought you would. And you've got nothing lose but the bald spot because you've got that 30 day guarantee. You give to everybody. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting laid like at least every hour on the hour when pig Ben strikes one. Charlie gives you full refund. So like I always tell you got nothing lose but that ugly grotesque bald spot. Like broke a Brian for example. He's got a bald spot from here to Montana. Call 1-800-321. Well that's what I heard Joe Montana's playing quarterback for the dolphin. That's a normal rumor we're starting. 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413 or log out of their website at Charles Alphiari.com. 5-800-61560. 3-800-321-2413. You're absolutely in. You'll yo let's read more free. Yo big y'all. Oh what? That's how we've passed the time away in the geo jail of ours. You can see our readings for the last book. Yeah I know it's what's on it. You're a good off of the view. What you're back to Zach before you won't wait for more no more no more no more. I got enough I gotta think about on top I get in right there and then I don't need a rating that I might not say. Don't care what you do long enough I'm just going to get out of winger little harder on the guest you are. A rooster guts to go. There's a lot of pretuits as you know. That's right. What you're back to Zach when you won't wait for more no more no more no more no more no more no more. What you're back to Zach when you won't wait for more no more. Oh brother all that blah blah I don't know this thing and you can eat from a drop while you've been both in. That's it Zach but you've been a rating small. You just like Clinton and all you are thought. By the straight you've had ass out. Well we'll take the food out of you amount. That's right. A back check. You won't wait for more no more no more no more no more no more. PROFESSOR All right. That's it back! Look at those wooden What are we serious? Don't get back Zach, look at with the other room. Look at this back. You won't wait till my mouth clear here and look, Here you're got a rabbit. that one motherfucker in just a night think. 560WQM. Hey Zach! Watch it! Utility Wire saved team thrown from Jeep Kansas City, Missouri. A teenager was catapulted at least 25 feet in the air during an auto-wire system, a grab not to overhand utility wires, like an action hero, and dangled for about 20 minutes before a rescue a coop rod him down by a ladder. Joe R Thompson, the third 18, was treated for bruises and scratches at a hospital and released. God was definitely in control, he said. He lost control of the Jeep on Monday evening after another car suddenly turned in front of Thompson's Jeep all in the way, I don't want to be disturbed because it's just, I was just told it. Talking about a Jeep, there was a dead man in a Jeep on the road yesterday. I'm trying to think of where the hell I was. I was going home from Mommy's house. That's Rose. I was going on a steering road. You make the left on 440WQM. You're going to go to I595? There's a little black Jeep with a dead man in a driving. He's in front of me, makes the turn the left turner he must have been going about 3 miles an hour max. And now I'm like, there's 2 left turn lanes there, so it's difficult you have to get clearance to get by him, you know? I go around him on the right and I purposely slammed on my brakes so I could look and see what it was, what creature was behind to go. This was a man and those the turn loosely who had to be at least 600, he made an a thusal look like a child like an infant. And that's the area we're talking about man, Hollywood. Oh yeah. And tis the season by the way? Oh yeah, it is. Now this was not a frog. This was one of our South Florida one of our real staples. The point is it's bad on any given day but then these days. Oh, it's time source. How's that pull coming? Did I didn't watch it? Nobody here watched it. Did you watch it? He watched. I wonder he looks so depressed. That's his usual depressed look. Presidents say the union in dress didn't watch in 123, 34.4% we had more important Frish to fry like smallville. The usual bush met they all do 95. Outstanding 53, 14.28% said it was outstanding. Profetic 47, okay 24 and week 15. How come if the French and the Germans are a saying all those same things about these got this. He's got that. How come they're not ready to go into war and like a kill a whole bunch of people yet? You don't think it's because he's had the same stuff. Most of which we provided for him by the way back in the 80s. How come they're not ready to go to war and kill all kinds of their own people and our people and their people and your people and your people. Because they aren't French and German oil companies that are going to be profiting. Oh, I see. 560560 like I said North Korea don't have no oil. So those evil doers we can put on the back burner for a while. Who cares what those slopes do anyway? You know, I guess it must be because you just signed a new contract that you said that. Would you like to retract what you just said? Here's the call from Western. Hello too late. Hey Neil. How are you today? Great. Never better share like the man dog says. I hear you man. I watched. I missed a book about it. If you show this morning so that someone already brought this up. I apologize. But did you see your own son Caprida on the shield last night? No. You watched the shield. I never heard. No, never seen it. What do you see the shield? I saw it. I didn't saw a spot in. So now I have to watch it again. He actually had a decent size part. And the top it off. He got punched in the face. And I do some size piece too. I heard it was like a Jimmy Dean's sausage. But anyway. And you would. I wouldn't know. I don't want to know either. Believe me. Go ahead. No. He got to get punched in the face last night by the start of the show Michael Czechos. And, um, alright. He was an admirable performance by, uh, I missed a barricade post personal friend. I must say. Yeah. If you got a chance to watch. What's good news. That means he won't be called me for money anytime soon. That's the best news I've heard in a long time. I thought he saw old you money. No. That's Stan major you're thinking about. Okay. I'm American. Okay. Have a great day. You're out of material. Long history. Did I? In fact, you know something? We could put the two of them together. Stan and Dave Caprieta. We could. woke up at 2 p.m. face down in a gutter. My mouth tasted like mong. My brain was like butter. Krone up on my feet and brush myself off. Little for stoking. Yeah. Started to cough. Reach in my pocket. Pulled out my trusty. A.M. radio. Got ready for the evening. With a Stan major show. Oh. Yeah. Got ready for the evening. Like I said, Here's a fast from Benz who says. I thought the night at 10 hours was great. Oh. So nice way to start to show off. Especially following Moan is chronic 8. Yeah. I like that. Am I a photo is keep doing it? On a side note it was going to see old you can made the all star team. I don't know if somebody had a good hurt. Now actually nobody did have to get hurt because. Uh, Sacco Coil. Always got like medical. He's got an exams because he had that stomach cancer. So he's got all these examinations. You got to go through. Plus nobody wants to play the game anyway. So that's why we got in there. Pretty nice to game last night. A Montreal six year panthers three. Says me. Laan he dook. Not making the still joke. Well, you know something. I don't really care. I don't care about the Western conferences. They still plan. Tell your responses to have a more Howard David. The other interest rate is always the same as most ratings number. Didn't watch the president speech. I hear enough lies at my job says Vince. Thank you, Vince. Vince the hockey fan. He's the one. Don't forget the all star game this weekend. Anybody interested? No. It's sold out. When it down, it's going to be sold out. You're going to be the Archeneal. No. Wait until next Wednesday. The Maple Leafs and the Panthers. Lisa went a coma and they swoon, which is usually what happens right before they come down here. And it got it sits in front of me with a dark black hair. It is nice to look quite kid. Take a message from your kid. Okay, your kid behaves real well. He's quiet. He sits there looking forward. Watching a game. Now it's sitting sideways. Looking back. Antying with me during the whole game. I'm not interested in the yant of routine. Okay. I do the yant of routine here from like 10 to 1. What would he laugh about? He used to do it nine right? Yeah. No, nine to 10. We just have the comedy bits are. Everybody is pleased. Okay. Response from the audiences is usual. They never fail to let you down. They never fail. It's a fail. They never fail to fail. They never fail. They never fail. They never fail. Can't like the president. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. A little bit on your 9 to 10 hours. Yes, sir. I'm enjoyable. But I prefer that you stick with the polls because that's going to kill you in the end. Quicker. CheckF. 560, 560, pound-560 on the AT&T. And the predictable guy. Was that who that was? Oh, stick with the polls. What does the poll have to do with the 9? Don't confuse him with the facts. It has nothing to do with anything other than a given opportunity to say Jackass. Okay. Well, that's yours. Pretty popular. Here's Miami Beach, hello. You're looking after noon. Yes, sir. The president last night was, uh, I tried to watch him. I usually can't stand watching him for more than a few minutes. And of course, after two minutes, he started giving his speech. And there's claps about every 30 or 40 seconds to turn it off. When he was appointed, when he was appointed by the Supreme Court in the president, he was thinking, so that I'm who say when he had his right hand up. You know, this has been his goal from the get-go. I mean, the North Korean people are way worse off than the Iraqi people. But I guess since we don't have a host of plug-in over there, we're, you know. Well, keep in mind, it's like, you know, Daddy Bush and all his cronies all over. You know, Wolfowitz and Pearl and this is his personal agenda. Rummy, Neville Cron. Another thing is, uh, did you see passage yesterday? Sure did. Okay. I never did any difference. The only difference being I see the one at today head of what you see on the dish. Right. I've never seen it before. What he was he was Miguel the one that was standing behind his panic lady who was going on and on about her son and some kind of, uh, right. Madison? Right. Okay. I'm a team player among your team. And boy, he gets my vote. Oh, the way right there. Okay. Let me ask you one more thing. I got the top over me to get to Miguel, yes sir? Right. I'm already there. Uh, the, um, a few years ago and when you're playing all the bits about a month or so ago, yeah. There were something that maybe was still hungry, but mac and on the Lord. Mac and on my boy. I like that my boy. Is that something that I could find in your website? No. No. Funny. On the. All you can eat Negro. Okay. You want to be people, well, London. So how do you sometimes personally start with America in the Texas changed champions? Well, what are the things that National punk is about as famous? Well, yeah, yeah. What else are there on the planet? Yeah. Good. Is this the name of the Almighty God? Yeah, hard to explain if it's a good Korean expert, which, in RPARPS yeah, well, but I'm 9 years old and I'm going to bounce a TMAC. Get everything done for theA skeletons, I bought a coin in Korea, including 3 two or 3 before we pay for them. And if you want to give up, it's time for me to start with seven, who will not pretend to throw it off to this place. Go, this will be much money, that Pilar R she's a panic. It's starting to get really good again, passion. Just when we thought it was like, it's a little while after Timmy died after he bit the dust. Start going down her little bit and I'll go back up time again. It's kind of like this show you know when I was on vacation there for a couple of weeks. Just a joke George, you got the new contract now, everything is fine. Alright. Making a whole bunch of vinesity comments and they're again just like usual. You can tell he's got his contract signed. Gonna start picking on Moe on a year now. Gonna grow a big, big pair. The president said union speech was, how many votes we got on there now? Look at that 379? A shocker. Didn't watch it. 129. The usual bullshit. Just changing again. I hate that. 132 said it was it didn't watch it. 34.2 percent. The usual bullshit meant they all do 102. Outstanding 57. Pathetic 50. Okay. 29 and week 15. I don't even know why they do that. Steve dude. It's always the same. Ladies and gentlemen, the president and they're all kind of over ten minutes. And then the speaker of the house gets a bandage to get all ladies and gentlemen. The friend they do it all over again. Right. I've always wondered that. And he stands up with that bewildered look on his face like, you know, he has no idea. Well, which side is up? Somebody made a great comment. A cost to comment about him the other day. I was at Paul Begall about, you know, he's talking about the French and making story eating comments because they don't want to join us in our efforts. And he said he wouldn't know where to find France on the map. And I thought this is on cable network television. That's somebody's actually saying that the truth. Lem 57 at 560 WCM our big all comedy bits. No, no one hours. I thought that's right. I forgot. We all we did that. Well, something to think about. Book ends. I'm doing more. You think I have a sandwich without the bread on both sides of the meat? I'll tell you one thing. If your carpet is in bed shape. Oh, my little dog. You know, in his final days, he's kind of like having some problems. You know what I'm talking about? Soft serve problems. If your carpeting is taken to be because your kids and your dogs and you and everybody else, here's the answer for you. Color good friends at dry concepts. It's a, my hi. It's a miracle to talk about these people because they really are miracle workers in your home. I do it to your carpeting or expensive area. Rugs your drapes your furniture. Whatever the hell they do with spectacular job of dry cleaning all these things. Nobody else does it. And believe me, you'll see and smell and feel the difference because when they leave, everything is sparkling just like brand new. No matter how hopeless it looks right now. And there were no rip-offs, no games, no scams. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing work. Call a 1-800-248-5071. Use them once and that's my job is finished. Because you'll never have to call anybody else again. You never dream of calling anybody else. 1-800-248-5071. Or you can check them out on the web if you like it. Dry Concepts.com. Dry Concepts clean today, entertainment, not just a slogan. It's their business. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. You a M. Got the sticker spoon at last. Don't worry. It's not gonna break. So, today's game... See me in the bathroom. Making me clean. Oh, go go go go. Three, ten minutes. I got out of the business. God damn bad. Hey, what are you? My name is Carlos. Hey, we'll get you out of that sick. I gotta wash these eggs by yourself. I can't. That's it. Okay. I promise I will. What are you doing in the anyway? I am washing my boroughs. We'll get out of there now. Okay. I promise I will. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Yes. I kind of like completely a bull's of food. There. All that hardware in your face. Kind of a sexy. Grasses. I like that bull's in your nose. Yeah, you're a very bad man. You're not my type. I'll give you a done. Okay. Say, I'll give you a hand washing your boroughs. No, give me a loan. I will not be on vacation. I'll cook me. You'll get your store in. Please, I have no father to buy. I'll sell their car. Not a sicker luxury. I'll give you another dollar. Okay. Oh, you got down there. I'm kind of me. Grandson. I promise I will. Oh, I can't get out. I can't get out. I can't reach my whole two. Yeah. Oh, wait. 12.3 at 5. 16. What do you do? I am. Wow, let me just play that from 9 to 10 every morning. Sounds good to me. Here's a great fact that says this is a response to the in need of us talking about pushes speech last night. Also an important say you need to go into your website is www.whatreallyhaven.com. Hear that Carlos? Whatreallyhaven.com? Think about it. Check it out. From the Washington Post, July of June 15. Voice Denies African AIDS drugs to international aid agency. The president's choice to run the US agency for international development and road net net seos. Oh, I guess you'll do something with that name. Andrew Net seos argues against giving anti-viral drugs to the 25 many Africans who suffer remains his reason. Africans can't tell time. Taking AIDS drugs often involves a strict regimen and that's the ocems to think all Africans are primitive villagers who won't be able to understand complex Western ideas like four or clock. Instead he suggests we must rest abstinence. There we go. Abstinence faithfulness and use of condoms for preventing future outbreaks. So while Net seos thinks that Africans want to understand our Western concepts of time, he doesn't try my, uh, mind trying to impose his Western morality. There you go. From Washington Post. But he sure made a great case here because everybody agrees they had these weapons. Of course we know they had them because we gave him to them. They had all these, uh, all these bacterial logical agents and all these weapons of mass destruction because we provided them and if they weren't able to keep their hands on them and if they lost them or whatever else, that's not our fault. And that good idea. So let's kill him for it. Yeah. Because when they took it in the first place, we knew they were up to no good. Here's Carl Gable. Hello. Hi Neil. For sure. Today. Okay. Congratulations to George to the new contract. Congratulations, George. Oh. I'd also like to respond to that caller too, who was praising Bush's speech. You're in it. Uh, and, uh, you know, it was, it was the lame duck session of Congress that we just had. That wouldn't wait to patent for the AIDS cocktail drugs. So these African countries to manufacture. And that's an interesting thing. It's not like they were going to be giving these drugs to them. They were going to be giving up the patent rights for these countries to manufacture themselves. So that the losses these drug companies claim are really just losses of potential sales. It's, it's a totally rigged money game. You're called the inability to continue gouging. That's exactly correct, sir. And the drug companies don't really pay for this research. Because all of these drug companies research investments are tax deductible. So essentially they don't pay taxes on their billions of dollars of profit. And then they claim that they are putting millions and millions of dollars into research. Which is tax deductible. Now, I agree that it should be tax deductible. But for them to claim that they put in billions and billions of dollars of their own money into research when it is all tax deductible is ludicrous. And then onto the weapons of mass destruction argument. If you go, or, or, or, or lose the New York Times this morning, one of the front page articles reports that the CIA and the NSA has no evidence of a rack weapons of mass program. Now, they might have some residual products laying around that we haven't find that they found that they're not declaring. But they have no act of programs. How could they possibly have act of programs with the level of surveillance and the UN and the international, and the energy agency in there, pounding them. So I'm just- But you're forgetting he's an evil door and you're trying to kill daddy. You're well, uh, uh, uh, I watched that speech last night and I could not believe the response that we are seeing on the media, the positive response to the in the age. What? What? People aren't thinking in mind. Just remember who the people were who watched it for the most part. What? The. Oh, Neil. I'm about the rest of us didn't watch because we knew what to expect. Let me get out my gun. I want to play Russian roulette with six bullets. Okay. Good luck. Okay. See, keep spinning it. That's, I mean, why would I waste my time watching that when smallville was on or when anything when a hockey game was on the test pattern? Something useful? While you're hard to still beat it. Maybe be good. I would go and get my uh, rug my carpet to stuff and to run until now. Right. My concepts come next time. Wash your hair. And uh, clean up tiny residuals. Wash my hair real good. Scrub it. Check your email. 567. 560. Pound 560. Don't forget join George and Miguel and uh, Carlos and Boca Brian. All of our or wackos here. 5777 and a treasure island. Right off the pulmeto just over the 122nd Street exit. Stop by for green specials and prizes. When tickets to see the scorpions in concert at the Crolesca amphitheater on the 33rd. Oh, just ask for them. That's what George said. In fact, you're a says, please ask for them. So when keep what he grower happening, kiss what he ever has something that we really want. Which this is not. Somebody wants it. Montfort. Whoa. Here is Miramar. Hello. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Uh, I couldn't watch Bush. He's over every time I turn and tell him, look at him. He looked like a deer in the headlight. Huh? And uh, you're not consistent. Nine and ten is beautiful. Keep doing it. Thank you so much, sir. And George kicks out. So keep them all. He does a good job. Okay. What do you say keep one? Keep them on. Keep keep keep keep keep keep the asshole. I'm sure that's what I thought he said. I'll answer to that anyway, editorial and yesterday's New York Times federal funds to build churches. The Bush administration's campaign emerged church and state continued last week when an announced plans to allow federal housing money to be used to erect buildings in which religious services occur. And I'm sure the administration didn't use the word erect. Spending taxpayer money to build religious structures is a radical move and one that defies long established constitutional presence. The new policy should be challenged and if the administration refuses to withdraw, struck down by the courts. The Department of Housing and Urban Development is issued a proposed rule that would allow federal aid to be used to buy, build and rehabilitate houses of worship that are used for both religious and non-religious functions. Tax-payer money could be spent to build parts of a church synagogue over our mosque that are used for approved social service functions such as counseling programs for the poor. Private money would still have to be spent on these, those portions of the building are used for religious activity. The proposed rules are reversal of current policies which generally disallow religious groups from applying for building and rehab funds. It probably administered it would create a cumbersome process in which government officials be required to monitor the area's taxpayers' paid for to ensure that no religious activities occur there. It's far more likely that many religious groups have feel free to use the buildings as they chose, as long as social services were provided somewhere. That would violate the court constitutional principle that the government cannot spend money to promote religion. Last week's announcement is only the latest example of the Bush administration is allowing the religious right to set its agenda and raid the public till. Last month the president issued an order making it easier for religious groups to receive federal funds to run social services programs even if they discriminate on the basis of religion, sexual orientation and other factors. And last year the administration supported the Supreme Court's ill-advised decision to uphold the use of taxpayer-funded vouchers in religious schools. The first amendment requires in the words of Thomas Jefferson a wall between church and state, as the Supreme Court's years of belabor jurisprudence of shone, it can be hard to say exactly where the line is between permissible and impermecible government actions involving religion. But sending taxpayer money directly into church building funds as the Bush administration proposes to do clearly goes too far, says the New York Times. 10 minutes past noon at 5.60 WQAM as we all go step in line. Going to be doing a little goose stepping their treasure on the night. You better. So we call it there. I'm a little goose. Right, goose. Another day's gone by and lie to you guys out there still stuck in a really crappy dead end job. Go in nowhere fast, even slow. If you're looking for a high paying career, here's the answer for you. One easy call can get you on a road to that, just call fast train tool free. At 1-866 fast train. If you win rule now, you can be certified on the way to an high paying career by this April. That's right if you can commit just three nights a week. Fast train can have you certified as a computer professional by this April. So column right now, there's no obligation called fast train and check this out. 1-866 fast train. Fast train offers job placement easy financing. Day-to-night and we can classes too. They got four convenient locations. There's a fast train in Miami, one in Kendall, Pemmerpines and Fort Lauderdale. Just one simple call, you'll be on your way to a new high paying, exciting career. Call fast train right now, 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com. And be sure to tell them that Todd Dreck, that's where the capital D. Todd Dreck told you to call. What to call. I have no goal, thank you. Sports wave for all glis Bizero on the U-M. Coolyde. I want to be leaving I'll boil to underage and slow Drinch my keys to my bones empty Clicking through my form by the breeze I stand hours, keep downloading Using paper and thread threads for sites that are free I'll be leaving I'll be leaving If I want some hair that's waning down my throat Being a couple, twinking on the rubber blanket Having a tumble with a no-no move I'm not concerned about being a pre-hesives If I get to a car, a loose control If my research should get too expensive I'll use my credit card no-one whenever no Yay Nobody knows that online But I'm a stupid man Who gets a fat glass Twink by a smooth guy 16 at 560 WQAM We're doing that nine to ten hour in tomorrow Good and Friday And if you play that bit again Which one is that with Carlos Baything of Washington's balls in the sink? Yeah, I'll give you a dollar Give it to him On February 9th, there'll be heavily 7th and you will have a heart for a slur Durmerture de Austin benefit this slur, a dimmer foundation at Pompado Park Race track 930 in a morning What day is that for Borg 9th? What kind of calendar? Uh, Sunday? Sunday for Borg 9 This year the honoring are Lauren 14 and Kelly 6 both girls of And South Florida they had the linear form of slur, Durmert There is no cause or cure for this disease all the money raised to go For more information about the patients called 9504-968-661 If you can pay that to buy a knock-in But anyways, some of the items are 14 day crews by C-born to two for South America And the Panama Canal, book value over 18 grand There'll be auctioning off all kinds of great stuff Two unrestricted tickets on Southwest Airlines Baseball autograph by the 76 New York Mets Two beautiful men's watches by Mercedes by the top 50 bucks Sign Jason Alexander, a member of Biele and all kinds of great stuff So Dr. Humor information about that it's coming up on Sunday for Borg 9th At Pompany Park Race track 930 in a morning 9504-968-6601 Got it? Got it. Good. 560705 there are response on the night of the tower has been Just right exactly what we expect and you know something we we don't care Here's for Lauderdale hello Hey Neil how are you doing? Pretty good You know I kind of feel sorry for Moe I really do you know in life some people are born back Some people speak things unfortunately for Moe Got it bad here at peace. I mean I was watching Discovery Channel Yes, they never had a special one Move reeds and badgers and I think in the home Okay, well don't badger many more. Where do you place just because you stupid? 56070560 pom 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line If you look up the phrase week material and dictionary this last punk is pictured next to it week sir very week North Miami hello North Miami North Miami going once Here's Perrine hello P-Rine Is there anybody on these lines or am I just losing it here? 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miami hello Yes sir Yeah, how are you doing? This is our squad secret Yes sir Let's not all squad us like you in Miami. You know we love you And I have a shameless request I want no if you could play the Mickey Mouse bit where he's a yummy The Mickey Mouse bit? Yeah You mean the one where I said call an Eisner? Yeah Is it could that be the one? Oh it's there Okay, well we're coming 560560 pom 560 on the AT&T I'm thinking 9 to 10 and noon to one So I like I said bookends Sounds excellent A nice sandwich I still think like a grilled cheese on the whole wheat bread would be really good Maybe on a ride with onions and bacon and bacon Hmm, ha Let us tomato The strumming Corned beef So it's nice rubin sandwich would be good Hmm But that's the scissor Here's a coffee from New York I sure hope it's not that chronic guy hello Hello Yes sir Oh, yeah, this is a loop from Staten Island New York Yes, Lou I was just on the line with my brother and my amy He says, Lou, you've got to listen to this guy he's one Hell over broadcast Yes, I am And you know I called out research library And you don't you don't have a A market here in New York City But you mean we don't have a market Well you don't have a station with you on No, there is no other station I'm only on this station I'm about the only major talk host in America Was not syndicated because my agents of puts Oh, they are what it's changed It is What I could have been a contender man I could have been big time You are big time now Yeah Whatever you do makes a difference Yeah So I guess you haven't spent too much time here The land of the walking dead Oh God Thanks, Lou have a great day You two now Hang in there Okay, we will I like that There's a guy in New York at things that we make a difference And if we were in New York we would make a difference Which is why we're not on the New York Because we might just make a difference So all those people were like Ah, flap and arombs He's not one of the ghost steppers You know, it just can just be happy Look on the bright side Like mighty python would say It just be real happy I'm only on this one little bogus radio station here Miami Do you know that on Monday two days ago I'm driving home And I'm trying to listen to the mad dog And I'm going to wait home Which I always do I get a real kick out of me So real hoot even though it doesn't know it's football And the power lines out here On 440 when again We're acting up that day You couldn't hear it no one And Monday was abitivated That's just on this show I noticed the whole station It's kind of hard to call and have a conversation When you can't hear the radio station And I think back to that first conversation I had with Greg Weed We're again because lying is his middle name Oh, but you know we can go 50,000 watts Yeah And chickens could pee to someday If they were figured out right We're going to go 50,000 watts My ass Seriously I mean I'm getting you got to county line road You couldn't hear crap Even if he took one right on the air You couldn't hear it You might smell it Couldn't hear it Some little dinky sports bar With a microphone radio station And we're still like making a difference here In a place where they don't care So we're on air in a place where they did care With living and breathing people with zillions of them Then we might make a difference So like I said look on a bright side Kiss your ass Bend over and kiss your own ass I'll be right back Okay Kiss Carlos's ass I'm always talking about Somewhere in the neighborhood Give me a dollar No thanks 5,6, I'll give you a dollar not to do it Here's for a larger nail Hello Hello Yes sir I'm pretty much a lady cloud in about the dogs Yeah I don't know We did well she called back into wanted more money from me I mean twice And I just reached the point I mean whatever happened I did my best You don't understand Okay James your cut You got to do house on What is it? I got to buy it Not Tom when he was supposedly a touch house And you ripped him And he made a little bit called the last song The last song Think about it Yeah Oh get tarman in there Is it in here? Yes What's your call? The last song Is it under Va? Yeah probably Is it? Is it any good? No. I don't remember that The last song That sounded like a guitar man It's talking to the restrainer actually It's probably him I'm 234 Oh I remember this I wonder I never played this This blow is done Good going This is the last thing I ride for you I guess so And is that a piece of crap Get a new phone to by the way pal I'm going to crap 560560 560 On the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line And we know why I saw that song You're right for us too Believe me People have heard it Here's Hollywood Hello I'm Carly Here's Here's Hire Lee Hello I give up He gives up Me too Okay Look at that We got down to one call on the board See what's the point you've seen You know what I'm going to say Oh yeah You think that you're really all of a sudden You're never going to change this town These people it is what it is It's tragic It's tragic You can be on top of the world I would intimidate To realize these people would bring you down to their level Suicidal plus 560560 And we're going to make a difference That's our good friend of their Lou and New York things We're going to make a difference in this SESS pool in this outdoor toilet And God's waiting room here We've been in the young are like 90 Plus We're going to much of people driving around on the roads Whose hands are reaching up to reach the bottom of the steering wheel Put out how many you can lure your good guy But man just don't come here because you'll hate it You'll despise it You wish you would never bore it if you hear like for more than 15 minutes You'll be hitchhiking to the airport Here's Lake Worth Hello Yes sir sounds like you How you doing? Okay I took your advice I called dry concept Was a couple weeks ago Yeah Three year old carpet With a red wine stain and a lot of We don't like frizzy caps but a kitty cat If they start a park between tire and carpet They go for the carpet It's all gone There you go They're amazing Best by test Guy, Guy thought a question Yeah Guy thought a three is a hitman Dress is a priest Who supposed to be the best And he wants the sponsor going to kill Michael That's a very end of the movie He gets off his shot I guess a gracious Michael Hit the arrow Kill the ugly daughter There he is Did you do this on purpose to make him What's a suffer Of course not No There's like a little scuffle there It didn't just see at the end And the cell was going Whatever however to someone I don't know The first shot he got off I thought he might be going Based on her acting in the movie Everybody got off and we made a standing Go avation when he hit Sofia Coal of the movie It did it for me How about the day? And you too That's not an exaggeration He really, oh, when I watched it everybody applaud Oh, thank God I mean the movie is almost over But at least better late than never in her case Sofia Dad Dad Or And then she hit the ground And then he went See I don't understand I'll say it again This is a guy Didn't just have like a kind of a different He was like a You know, coma induced He must have been taken like insulin up the ass Which so shots really hurt Cake, cake, in areas where the piece of cake A few problems there in the script You know, that's what happens when you make Oh, it's just like featuring about an hour and a half From writing it to a good thing They have the fruit and candy cart Right around the corner in the Vatican Yeah Okay, somebody has a shunt Orange juice man Those are the boys Look at the juice 27 past noon at 560 WQM Hay Until 1 See I thought you weren't paying attention I thought I'd sneak it in there Here's a very important facts from our friend George with the G Good facts, sir He says a black new kneel and horror hay Someone suggested you add WWWW what we really have a dog come here Where did Boko Brian take a car? He's not a dog He's not doing the car So Huh? They're done He didn't put it in the sink Did he? No, they're sure to fag it Anyway, what we really happen Not come to your website I would suggest otherwise it's a conspiracy theory website Katers to American pioneer types The ones hiding in the hills with their canned foods And those who think that everything in the here on the art bill show was real And he includes a page which I would need to repeat it on the year So thank you very much And he also says he likes the 9 to 10 hour with the bits Much more than the new to 1 hour See now Now I'd agree with him You wanted to know why? Why no why? But never the last one No, seriously, first it gives us that wall separation If you follow my drift I'm here there, they must have found their faggot Downstairs And then secondly, you build momentum As a result of like, you're coming to stop it No, that's not a good idea And certainly the mad dog should be too happy about that He should be ecstatic now But there were building them momentum Going into his show and there's supposed to be some other people Like try to kill it Try to butcher it I recommend very highly you don't listen to the show that followed that kind of stuff You know Who would do such a thing? Aswell 560 Pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Grumpy old man with Verkhoz veins And asshole like that Who's got a real bad disposition Here's a lady in homestead Hello Hello, Neil Yes, man Hi, listen, I just want to tell you I love your show You're great It's really great But I also choose to quickly You just to play it and it was so funny And you had it played in years And I don't remember the name of it You had there Was it the last song? No, no, no, no But no, this guy has been bulk up I need to stick to complete idiot He keeps saying, don't worry, don't worry Anyway, finally, and we got the bomb It's true movie which we're living in Oh, yeah That is so I haven't got any idea I think Anyway, I just loved that one You're being the bulkest song, do you? I think so I don't know Because we got the bomb We got this guy's in here Oh no, that's the asshole's song, Dennis Leary It's you Okay, I think that's what it is I think that's appropriate now Don't you? I love Dennis Long, it's like 4 minutes and 24 seconds long Thank you so much Do do do do do do 20 to 5 and 5 and 60 WQ, I thought that fit in so perfect Then we've never done that before Do do do do do do do do Oh, that was it, did it for me Hey, we want to send a shout out What do you laugh about? Wow To our good buddy, Steve over there It alternative to my management I have an empty Don't give him enough for a credit Not one end, not one little deal He had done it Not anything It's good that he came to the house Well, I mean there were a few that went to their camps, you know They went to their death at all my years After they climbed out of a Macton at crap on a wall They Macton a wall And they're dead Oh, just amazing Even when I was schmutz in the crap And the crumbs and stuff Not one I just got a Steve, we love your strange Don't call me, but you're a great guy Alternative, termite Management, that's an input They'll kill your termites So when I said that, because as soon as I gave him a plug couple of weeks ago my mother said Oh, you see you got termites? No, I just mentioned the word termite Ma Back off, ma Okay, ease off And I don't want to see your hammer to anymore Okay, makes me lose my apple Yeah, she got a hammer to Which she shows me after lunch Roooo Oh, good 19 to one at five Six, six, six, six, six It's a West Boca, a Megastar By the way, we like nine to ten Miguel So whatever it says, and you're sure Back at you If you're on the acens diet They've got a Zillion products for you It delights us the only store that I know of Then is just especially for you Who did that to me? Guarist us these especially for you Huh? No, Guarist us, remember them? Look, a bride and I do you want our life Because we're couple old farts Over 600 delicious low carb food products And this one spectacular store This week try the simply low carb loaf A delicious new bread with just three grams That are just a little carbs per slice And the delicious taste of whole wheat bread Which I'd love that way sandwich You know something? Maybe that's still around Is it still around that loaf? Maybe I could make like a grilled cheese sandwich I'm at with onions and bacon Hmm, am I in a mood for that? Anyway, try this you'll be in snack heaven So whether it's the carbolite ice cream, bread, tips, muffins, Cheesecakes, pasta and sauces The lights of West Boca is a place you're gonna absolutely love You'll embrace it, you'll squeeze it And you can try anything to store before you buy it There's staff knows what it's all about Trust me when I tell you they're open seven days a week From ten to ten they carry the most complete line Of Atkins brand products in the universe That are always get this 25% off all day every day And on circus So if you're on the Atkins, any other low carb diet This is the store that you ought to make a B line For no matter where you live The number one low carb should have reached around The lights of West Boca you'll find it on the northeast corner of blades in 441 Right next to Boston Market Or call them tool free 1, 877 low carb or on the web you'll find them at low carb.com And those you asked if you recommended by the way by Boca Brian Don't forget there's only one to lights of West Boca Your official Atkins retail center 9, 9, 9, and low all this is 430560 2, 2, and... Marble certainly not allowed to talk to Machaki If you blow too much you're in trouble There's no smoke in God There's no smoke in God But you're finally good and even fine Just one And whiffin' up the structure Well, water we got to do Or me the church roof I'm gonna feed it one hour on if I don't And I'm gonna stamp my faith I need to show me how to move my head around And leave it to me I don't care how to go to the left I'm gonna be in your lovelies My wish is to heal away And just a little more Who needs smoke and come My words already begun None everyone We've got all the foul and been light of Ordered box, not your news To change the fact that all of us are true Don't you ever doubt on them And sell that water and get that all for me Hell, the foes of the Pintors are close to our country I'm more than just your friends And I'm your god and your whole family That's what respect would I share Now everybody else will be at Happy and Happy I'm going to buy something Well why not? He's got issues he has to deal with Issues? Computer issues Oh, like I said, Book of Ram on B So maybe he'll be lucky How about fat boys? He'll be there? He'd ever know with it He's down to 314 man He's really slimming down Let me down, Spray. He'll be running up flights of stairs and I'm a shadow to treasure out of the afternoon. Okay, to have to pulmet it. Just know that the 120 second street exit. And most people don't really care if Boko Brands here or not because I must say just wanted to rub his bald spot. Stop by for green specials prices and went tickets to see the scorpions in concert at the cross guy amphitheater. No, I'm the 31st. You don't want to see the scorpions in concert with white snake or white snake? Well, whatever. Like George says it's the prices right. Just take them. Just take them and pretend that you really want to go. And you're just on a way out your schmick camp. May 5 6 7 0 5 60. Look at this front. See, I thought that now we do that night at 10 hour and we build them momentum and now the audience is going to got three hours to worry about. I'm trying to have something to say. Did it help? No. Is it changed anything? No. Got one call left. Here's a call from Google. Hello. Yeah, that's it. That was it. See, I'm on to this place. It's taking me a long time. I'm a little bit slow. They want to drag us down to their level of misery because the motto in fact you'll see it on the big billboards when you drive it to South Florida coming into Palm Beach and Broward and Dave. Big billboards saying, Missory loves company. Thanks for joining us. That's what they believe. That's what they want. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. A sad, sad place. Lo and New Yorker. If you're still listening, trust me. Don't ever come to this place. You regret it. You regret every moment of it. You'll smell the death in the air. The moment you step off the plane. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. I got an important question for you. Yeah. Now, does the trans sexual visit a neurologist or a gynecologist? Here's Holly Wood. Hello. Okay, sir. You weren't getting it right through. You got right through when there's nobody on a full and you expect. Oh, he cal. I actually have a couple of things for you. Please first of all. This morning I heard you talking about the tax cuts for the rich. Yeah. Well, and I'm being serious, but you make a very good living. Is that another great thing for you? Sir, let me say this to you. If I just did the program or I'd live my life based on everything that was expedient for me, there would be number one for a selfish and number two would be arrogant and obnoxious. I don't live my life that way. I'm doing just fine. I'm not looking for any more tax cuts. Okay. Well, that's very, very good in noble of you. No, it's not noble. It's just that I make a lot more money than most people. And I should be one of the last people getting any tax benefits right after all the big corporations and other multi-millionaires who are running the country. Okay. It's a gross task. It's shameful. I appreciate it. Not that I won't catch the check, but nevertheless. There you go. Very, very weird situation happened. I don't know if I'm changing the channel. I just kind of tuned in a few minutes. So now I listen this morning, but I have to go to work. Right. And I had a police incident where I am in Pemberpine. It was a country. Yeah. And I had, I was supposed to go pick up my child and the parent wasn't there for me to pick him up. And whatever. I called the police from our right report. So the lady comes out right the report. She says, come by the office. The police station is three to five days and pick up three reports. So I wait seven days. Make sure seven business is made sure. And I go there. There's no record or the report. There's no record of anything. They don't have any idea what happened there. Oh, but you like that. I think that's the intent of busy on behalf of the highest and at the neck of the woods right now. Have you noticed? Have you noticed how many more porters you see on them? Bikes they can write on them? No. Because I don't, the only time I've ever gone in there is my dentist. Is it run according to their, but I used to live there. I believe me even back then they're hiding in a bushes. They're hiding in a median. They're under every tree and rock, but forget about the important stuff. But I just can't believe that I got this police report. Don't go up for a court. Eight, you know, one of the courts. And I asked the lady behind the car, but I'm like, you know, one of my folks to do. I said, it's not here. She said, I'm not here. I'm sorry. I can't help you with that. There you go. And then we're just kids off and see you later. See you at the airport, pal. Have a good day. Who's that passport real tight? It's a tough 52 or 560 WQAM. We all have different lifestyles. Therefore, you need different products to make you feel better and healthy. You could be honest as healthy as skipping. When you like to be as healthy as skipping, when you like to look just like that, and walk around going, all of you men, men to rate informants or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical great olive work, and buy with good stuff. There are vitamins in their minerals, urbals, other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for their great three new formulas from all your men. They have one to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight. And co-q10, which is so spectacular for your heart. Only my results have supplements to build healthier circulation system. You're digestive, you're under-consisting your skin and bones. Even your mind, are using the benefits of the finest, the purest olive oil on the planet. And don't forget, all you might have to do is move in as well. I wish my own olive oil on my feet last night. But you laugh in a bout. I know. We've got a brand new bottle of expensive Italian olive oil. I've smeared it all over my feet. And look how great I'm doing today. Yeah, look at those feet. Look at that. In fact, I'm smearing some around on the floor just in case you come in. Only my does an exciting new product and you pick some up right now all over town. Publix, Eckridge, Whole Food Markets and Walgreens. If you want to get more information about their products and what they can do for you, call 1-866-Orealmeat. That's 1-866-655-36633, but you can also order their products online on their website, Onlyumetamerica.com. And don't forget to visit their sampling video at Sports Town every Sunday during dolphin season, which is only like seven or eight months away. Start feeling great today with Orealmeat. My life and love all this is Sports Wheel 5-60. We're going to weigh 2-1-M. There's a butt-eye smell. I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die, from being able to make the dinner. I should never keep it down. I think that mostly track is high, my bowels. I'm not gonna laugh. How can you die from infected bars? You're like these bunch of doctors in. Now my heart stopped. You're smart, since I'm nine. So am I interested in sound? I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami, with the kind of service you've given this down. I would act to live tomorrow. Here, I can't even get that crap. I swallow. Why can't you live these so took a last? Why can't you lose us, get it right? My bowels were blocked. Inside my hiding can take my church go. It's a 125856. You're going to the man dog, sitting by. He'd be a long next. And then we got Hank from the Miami Heat from the Maccar of Now, from the other arena, the AAA Arena. 3 to 650, Rickle and Warm up, 6 to 57, Hurricanes and Providence, 7 to 5 basketball. Hoops. Any KJM through the Hoops attend from G.A. And Joe Mark overnight. How they doing Joe Mark? They okay. But I don't forget tomorrow. We got to waste Joe, but I'll cost all happy birthday. Certainly. Happy birthday, Joe. We'll forget tomorrow. And we don't care that much like we used to. Because you're just not the same. You think it's because you got married because you're doing that overnight show. Now he's a big celebrity. I always thought it was just the nose. That could do it. 505 votes on the pool. I didn't watch it. So I didn't have any opinions. Like I said, I knew what to expect. I'm sure I didn't miss the thing. There you go. The president said the union speech last night was 162 of us didn't watch it. 32 percent, almost a third. The usual vol Schmidt they all do when he stated the union things. 134 said that. Outstanding 86, 17 percent. That's a little off our usual 18 and a half percent. Right? Right? I was 17 percent of you said it was outstanding. Perfect 67. Okay 34 week 22. A little on the week side. A $400 billion. Exactly. Well, we'll take it. Like I told the other guy I'm making it pretty good. But I'll take it if that's what he wants to give the rich people. Which didn't 400 billion. You know what you're getting? Yeah. I know. Smell it and enjoy it. Bye bye. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute.