I mean, I do know how a little you fit in this place first of all. You're not a Jew and you're skinny Yeah, right off the bat you got two big strikes against you I can't believe how many people coming to your office and and you actually do a good show So how long you belong? I can't have a nation now. What's that? What is a Howard's pole now? My last place still they shot our house Poor because once you passed him they shot him off and prevent me The only part of that organ now here Rogers on He dies in a fiery car just brushed it with my finger now. What would you do if your mom named you? Kill myself and I kill mom for yes, I'm gonna do it the tragedy my name the traffic. I today is Sheldon I swear I cut my feet off and I'd become a fraud. Can I answer the first question before you get out of the next one man? kind this man is a little bit too hyper for me I am a coffee here I want to tell you audience one thing they think they were a bunch of pigs I have never I have seen this man in a flesh for an hour and forty minutes I've never seen anybody consume so much food even the beast in an hour and forty minutes as you have I go into your office for two things The pharmacy that's run out of the right and the food. I mean And it's the right place for both, baby That is the best pharmacy I've been doing so the kid from the U.M. Learned a shirt Just now we got meals chow and drugs. I call it gypsy hill pharmacy Yeah, I am telling you I have never had I'd more fun and I've straightened your studio in my life Is what I go it's like walking into a garden of Eden when I walk into your suit I walk into whatever they get boogers on the mic. Yeah, garden of Eden is what you guys we are And we got syphilis did you see the beast as climidia? Yeah, he got I right on the tip of his nose from somebody's Back home here in some same one of my favorites had a good Omaha Wasn't to go to the world series. Yeah, you got a specialist So spent a weekend with some chick with a tank cave. Yeah, I don't expect the weekend with a chick with a penis is what I heard Hey, now on that lovely note. I'm gonna drive home I'm gonna leave a new court bed baby. Yeah, what did you do to piss off most so bad was it something I had to do with his hairpiece It was in that college over the weekend. Oh, I am no idea all I know is that Though those guys I don't know who hate to more in this place. I mean, I've never seen so much Hey, I walked through here. I feel like I made a I'm at the Gaperaden Chicago people showing a you wonder why I'm here so little bit of the time I know how smart you are you don't fool me cleverness You got it off of you now, man. I'm going back with you to Toronto We can both live up there. We'll be styling. That's a great city down here in sweat hell Have a great day for hell have a Haitian day see you So you know I mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q 8 How to give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important to hear this Howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get along with great I thought he called me an asshole Saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to Howard is don't listen listen to 101.5 Let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard maybe 102.7 some easily listening love music So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station He's become in Howard the color like Howard from Boca Howard from Boca It's like you know, it's okay So anyway he's he's listening so just want to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record Don't call off the air cuz I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line congratulations You know the private line number that's great, but don't call cuz you're not coming on this show You've got your three hours five to eight Monday through Friday You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. No leave it at that All right, I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person And I know you've been getting that taking a big hit on the radio station from everybody else But it's over me and you've done Now who now was that that he was talking to? Huh that got him so pissed Howard from Boca. Oh 1005 at 560 WQM happy Monday to it boy everything is just seem to be fall apart here Everybody hates each other like poison. Yeah, everybody Everybody's turn on each other Now how many times is he called Joe show? About third man the piss him off so bad See I like I've tried to tell you before people who play a lot of golf board board Schmittless and that's why I mean when you're a dodging old man and you're sitting around working out a radio station Listening to the station all day and all weekend at all night and overnight and taping crap You have a desperate lack of a life you're on Sanmo. Oh, buddy better get with it In addition, which everybody hates you like poison. I walked in here feeling pretty good I'm only here for a few days if I could walk in here to let first thing I see when open orders guilty Stand there look like somebody just crap done as parade man like somebody just killed his durable Like somebody just give him a civic cat Huh in a prairie dog as a companion. Oh really he looked devastated and then I open a door come on in I realize there is most standing in dust orifice Can you imagine they waiting the long waiting lineer is for dust or office? But at any rate, so there's most in there. He looks like oh good morning. Neal. Oh, hi, how are you? You know that's kind of like phony a hello phony greeting like we both hate each other's guts And we know if at least be a little bit civilized, but I was totally unsuspecting. I didn't realize we had all this other crap going on here All this tremendous heat Because I've been away for a couple of months feeling great on earth zack by the way look out for zack man When you loosen God damn wait you tub a crap feel I don't know Way go away cancel lunch go away. Oh man put your shirt back down holy crap Have you ever seen anything so gross Seriously he's got cellular he's got enough cellular on his puppy to make another person That's how a lot he low in his navel Jesus Christ Zack lose some weight when you're for crying out loud at least we got we we lost who the always a good guy Good friend of ours did a great job, but now we got lead at least we narrowed that down a little bit with Jimmy Alton We dropped about 100 pounds in average weight. Yeah Although you could lose that pony tail the album. Okay that thing is ridiculous. That's about 10 pounds Yeah, that's the other 10 pounds is that stupid ass pony tail. Oh What is the story in that last hour we working on is that it? That is it that's the a log for last hour. We got some very bad news for your boys and girls Two minute breaks though What do you mean by that? Let's you want to look something together I'm sure about we'll do we'll do best does or some or what we'll do is we'll play that Joe roasting over and over again I think that's a great idea is a lead in for the of a hurricane game Now what are the odds here's the bad news what are the odds that Texas and a soft Florida team Play twice on the same night and the score the Texas team wins 13 to two in both games what are the odds of that Huh two what I'm saying Texas Rangers 13 Florida Marlins two and on the same night the Texas Longhorn's 13 and you have ever heard cool Two Woo so the bad news is we've been given a bum steer. We're pretty pissed off a death about it too Although it did seem good movie over weekend. We're not talking movies He saw a wreck we're moving a weekend. I have a fancier from some even like recreem well too bad your taste blows even though it's a good fact So we got the ball game at two o'clock now one o'clock we thought we're getting like an hour and in fact I put a hex on a hurricane specifically In fact, I put the fix in on a 13 to two score specifically so we'd have the hour off today We don't get it damn it but the mad dog who of course we know is over were all right. Yeah gets to show off today and the hump are also gets to show off So they took a poll unbeknownst to us this started Friday morning is that we were telling me yes On a QAM website which you could put in a phone booth and stuff people more people than ever check the QAM website It's pretty embarrassing although we do like there a staff Huh Josh what's his name cord? Good man Come on up and say hi Josh or least you know So I know anyway, they work very hard but nobody pays any attention to it because fourth nerds are too busy playing golf and playing with each other and watching most hairpiece in our website We'll call you the radio station or calling your radio station, but no, that's mode. That's doing that So they had a poll. What's your favorite show on QAM now keep in mind? We're not talking about our website We would never do that because it would be so self-serving to do that, you know? We've very self-serving but I'll say this I think it's pretty bush-leaf for them to take that down before we had a chance to hype it like certain other people on his radio station Thought on a sand But I told for Reldah having a little bit just to make damn sure that there's my close personal best friend But at any rate What do you give me a look? I'm looking what's your favorite show on QAM is what they asked and we didn't get a chance to a load the poll I we got to gotten you some votes on there 256 votes they got you got to be kidding me man 200 we could get that between now and 10 30 okay in fact you know what we're gonna do I already printed this up let's do the same poll. Let's put our most on it, okay? Huh we're gonna flex our muscle. Yeah, let's flex our thing a little bit okay. There you go. We flexed it We'll take exactly the same poll call up Eric beiner boy column up get that tab of crap on a phone Wake him up turn his hands over What's your favorite show on QM now? may sound a little bit self-serving now here's what they had on a QAM website Wait till you're this Neorodgers 74 votes 29.1% This is without us having any chance being made aware of this okay to give them a competitive advantage the sports nerds, you know Jim managed the mad dog he did well Right 19.2% 49 votes Joe and Mark who I'm sure height the living crap out of it all the way to minute one could they have done that last night That's right cuz they're on Sunday night. I guarantee you they loaded this thing up like crazy both their listeners vote Joe and Mark 41 votes which means somebody voted 20 times 16.1% for ROW 40 votes 15.7% for RELS RET on Joe and Mark's ass Mo who I understand had like fractions really this morning and then when I'm there and pump the hell out of it like crazy Mo has got 34 votes 13.3% within a enormous amount of hyping on her Hank 10 votes for the hopper 3.9% well It's been a rough year he's in the slump and any K 2.3% since the doc's lost that seventh game Eddie hasn't been the same six votes for the the K man How better do the break end night cuz I'll back myself into a corner again here and then we'll have all those spots in that one I don't understand why she can't stick to I see that's right. They're not buying that they part There's two and three minute breaks. It's fine. It's okay. It's acceptable So anyway, you got the pull now. Do you know what it is? Hold with it. Are you a pull in it? He's pulling this pull right now. He and Eric are pulling it right on the phone. They're got like a taffy pull going And we'll do the same pull on here for like about what until like 1045 for about a half an hour And see if we can't tap that 256 votes that they got all weekend long on the prestigious QM website that has a whole staff of people Not just Carlos not just Bina Boy and Eric who's up to eating the slimy sandwiches. They got a whole bunch of people Okay on that website. What are you looking at now? You want the pull thing or is How low can they go? That's the question of the day now the financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest finance rate any Where going how low 1.95% that's right got to see Todd Rectus morning still smells the same But anyway, it's true now you can refinance your homer buy a new homer get a super low 1.95% financing rate with financial group Call him today. What he got to lose be said those big payments call 1.894 olyn that's 1.894 olyn d If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate call financial group toll free 1.894 olyn And you talk about savings when and out check this up if you take out a hundred thousand dollar loan at this rate you pay only 360 Eight a month if you take a 200 thousand dollar loan your payments are only 736 a month call financial group toll free right now 1.894 olyn get you the low low rate you've been looking for for lifetime 1.95% interest rates as we speak are at all time low so don't wait call now and get that 1.95% rate from financial group 1.894 olyn that's financial group at 1.894 olyn d the renequal housing letter Credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 apr A it's how it's how a day that go fuck your behind go back behind it again or under it That's a bad for a quote I could not stop scratching my swollen throat Where is a guy for for my wee wee grabbing every banana that I see Like a bad food in the trees there's no go for this new design of disease going 10 17 at 5 60 WQM boy sure is great to be back in town briefly not it just sucks here yeah Get to the airport yesterday. Here's my buddy. By the way thanks to my good friend Ken Halpert and National Limbo's he's a great guy although he's a skinhead now he was a couple minutes late because they slowed him down getting in there And I'm standing there like tapping my foot waiting waiting where the hell is this idiot and he comes down the Whatever you call that what would you call that rap done not the ramp he's not coming back to the gate But he's got coming down the hallway there and I wasn't sure was him because he's like a skinhead now He's skinted But so I'm speaking of the ramp we're approaching the town and right away here's all the dark clouds It's pouring cats and dogs. I leave throughout with sunny. It's gonna be 75 or six Which it was yesterday and all we could's gonna be like that up there and here. It's just raining like the end of the world And you get off the plane and you walk into that jetway and I've toured it this a million times and at least we're consistent here You walk into the jetway and it's like you just walk into a sauna bath Like you feel and need to just strip naked. It's just hotter and hell of humid nasty and I will say some good news at the airport Somebody must have smeared the mayor prime. I mean somebody pretty good No, seriously mayor. Pinga Picanya. He must have some real Cash cows coming in you got a burger king and you got a pizza hot express Right back there and concourse G there by your Canada. Oh by the way. How do my good friends here? Canada. I hope you're all still employed. I pray for you. You'll need it And they got also way new cusolees in there too In the amane terminal there and my a we're making progress baby. It's almost like a real airport now Oh, why did you go to four longer? No, I like going to like an almost real airport Four a lot of deal to me is like Mickey Mouse You know what I'm saying no what and see I don't I snurred there it is Larry and North Miami says what's the big deal with QM bringing for Rellon board for years QM's head is voice at their feet in the water Nazi Actually, you might want to do a thorough background check on for really could be Greg Reads and the water Nazis love child By the way, is anybody knows since for Rellas join QM that the two pompous a leadist in the morning have lightened up a little bit They might not be getting along with each other, but they've changed their note all attitude to their handful of callers They're not getting along with each other See you know and more see this is the thing I don't understand why can't he face up to reality the moment Huh always lies always liar liar or pants are on fire. I always got a lie about crap The fact of the matter. Oh, the pull is up already the fact of the merits for a simple mo That guilty is starting to be like he was the last hold out and now he started to turn on him because he can't take any more of that pompous that condescending crap And bener boy was the first one to notice the nuances of this a few weeks ago. I started mentioning it And now it's like there's almost a war of battle going on in there between the two of them So Joe was I guess just mentioned that in passing right everyone has everybody in a building is aware of it and so Mo's calling in and he's got a straight now just like that thing with a beast he didn't fire the beast Where do you get your turn up? Of course you did you got a more kicked off your show good move by the way, Mo But you got to blow it off your show. Okay. Let's see. I'm gonna vote Let's see my favorite show on QAM Howard and all look at that we even put Howard in goldie as opposed to just Howard David To try to give him like a little extra chance there It's not working yet, but I'm clicking it. I'm clicking not working yet Eric I'm telling the audience that the pole is up and I'm clicking on it nothing is happening you fat tub What is wrong with him up there? You sure got that on there pretty fast rim, but it's not working You think maybe everybody else is voting that could be it? Huh or something we're gonna show my good friend Josh down here in a QAM website and his little lika cooys got down here We're gonna show him what it's really like on a real website where we had over 1500 votes on a pull on a weekend plus The first 400 Friday those first two hours and who's got the crappiest parents if you recall that remember that? I don't know what's happening on this do you think everybody is voting on it now or something? Now what did I just start to show with okay you're right about the facts whose the facts is getting as bad as the callers getting I'm in the just now I just get through opening the show with a show roast thing that tirade about all the votes are on already Look at that there's 44 votes already. I got it here just calm down Okay, I'm not repeating anything. Yeah shut up Carlos you trouble maker you're the one at start of all that crap with guilty in the No, they were getting along great and then you make a bunch of crap up 42 votes I got in here. That's good enough for start your favorite show on QM The around your show 32 for L6 mad dog 2 how would a guilty one Hank one join mark none any K none? Okay? That's the way it's going so far we got the 76% I'm it's a little so serving and we're not really doing it for that purpose We're doing it just to show you what a real radio show gets in terms of response on our website Neo Rogers dot com okay we can get 256 by 1045 easy easy Unless then a half an hour Josh okay, so who you guys diddle with Don Aaron at the little office years huh? Who are they diddle with they guess each other who else is in there who's working with Josh? He's he's working at a cubicle like an empty sales cubicle all by himself Don't you remember in the room where it does not shit his is well used to ask don't you remember in that studio In every room that's where they were they we used to have a whole staff of QAM Computer nerds and then they finally realized that nobody pays any attention to a sports website anyway Because most of the sports nerds are too stupid to go to the internet anyway They're in the other most of the sports callers have to have somebody else dialed a phone Like that's so stupid Are you starting in with more again? I did that was even thinking about him He's been around 70 80 years. He knows how to dial a godday. Oh, he's even got the inside line. How do you like that? Aren't you impressed he's got the inside line. He can get right through us any god damn tiny wants When I'll see how's the man going to survive in this market if everyone has content for my cluddy subtle press Yeah, see that's the thing about Joe Rose. He is a little bit of a backstab I've put you that for years, but Joseph good guy and Everybody gets along with Joe don't they yeah Don't they I think so while everybody up till now I don't know anybody since the day that we came to this station who has ever said audit Joe Rose is an asshole No, he's ever said that ever Joe is just in laidback easy what you get is what you You'll feel you got yeah Little bit of a backstabber, but no, he's a good guy and when Joe Rose has just had his fill and just won't put up with your bullcraft anymore Then you know and I've been trying to tell the audience that how many months now 16 17 long Poderous god damn awesome and tell you people Oh, it's gotta be sticky. Oh, it's just gotta be stick while stick or whatever. How do you want okay stick it? Let's see favorite show on QA and that's our question the first question 69 for Neil Rogers show for L10 Mad dog three the hoppers got to Joe and Mark one who loaded up that thing shamelessly I'm sure this morning. That's okay. They're good guys. How are didn't go any one and indicate? Don't have any 86 votes. So let's see the thing has been up there about what seven right minutes All right We're that's the goal to beat that 256 by 1045 to think we can do it. Yes Lot of pressure doesn't blow a lot of pressure Don't forget we got the hurricanes and a girl's team Southwest Missouri stayed at to the Saffron on course It's a double 11 in Lone Nation tournament record breaking crowd off there at Rosenblatt State even Omaha 26,000 people plus Saturday To watch the hurricanes get pounded by the Texas longhorns 13 to to harm embarrassing I perform a sensory ritual for nothing How do you graining? Well, what do you mean by that? Yeah, we thought we're getting the right to our off They lied to us. They lied to me just so I'd come back here. I got my maracas out and my goat blood It sure was great seeing most of the people here this morning separate Todd recto never come back here again Okay, you're an idiot even for Ella who's only been here five weeks even he's on him already Said what's two occasion. He said is two kids are a real pain in the ass. They're out of control. They're like evil. They're like the demon seed has grown for us to beat Todd up And probably could she probably just step on him Squash him like a net Let's refresh this thing again. I got to get used to this computer again We're not talking about movies by the way. I won't give you the results from the pool. We took over the weekend And then we're not for the next 14 shows. I'm not talking about movies. One other there pissed off about Although Duff did watch Reckley and verdino with a weekend and loved it In fact, he said it was so good and inspired him to pop a whole bunch of different colored pills. I bet they were like rainbow colors See the big thing they hadn't he was look at this that this thing is loaded so heavy now with votes that I can't get on it now Are you getting on it? No, see Because we've got the power baby on a show. Who gonna allow you people kid and you sports? I mean, you know We love for real in fact. Let's face it. We like everybody. We love managed. We love Hank We love Joe Rose. Eddie K. Eddie K is a wonderful guy. What do I say? People he'll ever meet we love for the big. Oh, we don't belong on here. He's a good guy. Joe and Mark are good We love Yoli. Yoli's not too bad even on everybody else's job, but why would you blame him for wanting everybody else's job when you've been forced into a position of insecurity Because you're on our show that keeps getting pushed back into the middle of the night with a dottering old calm that is hated by all even screw-in winic the anxious screw-in She doesn't even like his back anymore. Oh, she said his back is grow test gets hairy looks like Ron Jeremy on a bad day. That's what she said That's what she told me this morning. She was introducing all kinds of new sales people by the way You knew sales people all 40 of you come through since I was here two months ago good luck. You'll need it It's how we you see the the fresh bright look in their eyes when they first started and then you know a couple of ways They realize what this place is all about and they say oh my god like our good friend Scott Schwartz 121 votes were almost halfway there in just a few minutes How do you like that Josh? By the way, if we beat the 256 Josh shows me big time What what do you laugh at about you know what I'm talking about? No, that that would be sexual harassment when you're talking about that would be very bad. I'm not stupid enough to do that I'm not talking about sex. I'm talking about Companion chip. Let's see neorodges show 98 for L 12 mad dog five the hopper for John Mark one how it had goldie one and any capital none how were the gully one? That's zero point eight percent. Let's start to look like most ratings Pretty pretty no wonder he's pissed off. We had that fire in his eyes this morning Although I didn't notice he was standing in front of the dust and just like that picture that squirrel squirrely Moeya his balls were swinging from side to side. I was very impressed by that Huh, did you notice that Old pendulum not smoke Can't stand being here 10 27 at five 60 WQ and by now you've been here and let's talk about a great place called Laminance aros and how laminated wood flooring from laminated sir us is the easy low maintenance Smart alternative to natural expensive wood flooring Laminance aros is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from all the top Makers brand levity our peridor per go will son art uniform and quick step They've got all the top names all installed by per go was certified installers Here's another reason you ought to be called laminated sir us their prices will floor you That's not just to play on words either right now you can get there some are special for just 1995 bucks you can get up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is absolutely Unbelievable Elaminance aros will match in illegitimate written offer to for free and homestimate call laminated sir us toll free 1 877 77773336 what could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of Beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring call laminated sir us today toll free tell me old man Toady to call 1 8777773336 And life 560 WQAM is relieved to present the forl and guilty show Boy you're smell better in me and out of mode time yeah, I don't have to bring a talent a life the chair off no more Boy so This is my voice I'm putting you on every day I wake up sound in the same way Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, I was saying You want to change your voice I know you gotta do is grab your balls like Oh my Oh So me ask you what are we gonna do with a grumpy old man like mo fight dump the bitch right now 1033 at five 60 WQAM 180 votes come on we can do what we got this is pressure I never realized they'd come back with so much pressure the first hour We got 12 minutes and we need we got one 88 last time I check what you got mr. Computer wizard because you're probably ahead of me He's got naked pictures in front of him. Oh, that's right. We're doing our website. We're doing at the couple's contest deadline today Is he we got naked pictures? Well, or close to it or something don't forget today sometime by the end of the show will have the pictures up all the contestants for our hot couples contest number three And then you'll have a whole week till next Monday to a vote on one 92 That's what I got 192 votes which means we need 64 in the next 11 minutes. Oh, what are you? What are you doing that mr. Editi? Does he miss the writing me? 100 92 votes what's your and again? I'm not doing this to be self serving because anybody can go on your own show It's a hey what show deal? I'm in that's that's S. and I we're just doing it to prove a point in terms of the QM website Which and you know you did I have to admit you made a valid point last week And I resisted it because it's negative and I try to be mr. positive or as you because you do a lot of drugs You can handle an activity better and I can because then I turn to eating No seriously, but you when you talk about the website here we got thanks to beiner boy who has done a magnificent job in turning around a dying Craggy website and turned it into one of the best in the history mankind I mean where else can you see mo how are David with swinging nuts than on our website? No, where I know where can you see mo more in the mozo the clown no place else in a world moz house Or you can hear a more fan of a clown when he tries to call it on a georosho I Don't blame Joe. I you know something seriously Joe rose has got a big peer I don't care what mad dog used to tell us about when he would it were to showers together Which is amazing because they never played football together, but a mad dog used to tell stories about when he took showers together I guess it's an old ex-dolphin thing, you know The old gather around and take showers together. It's a job thing tradition right and he's the odd one At Joe rose. He's got the tiniest pair makes gully look like elephant balls But it come to find out Joe's got one of the biggest pairs in the whole building nice going Joe we love you Okay, let's real it's refresh this again and get out because I still got to give the results from this thing and before we know it'll be one o'clock if we don't break the What oh, well, are we doing something special that wanted to our because we thought we were gonna be on yeah, leave them It sounds good George has some hot drug deals right around a corner one So if there's any of his customers waiting he might be a little bit late today. I'll he got we sent Carlosa He knows where to find the way rap. No, don't send him out because he's in the car a great day I held him now. I held ever come back. He's I've never you know he does great work on a website, but other than that I can't say too much for him Because he's got the worst life of anybody I've ever seen in my every damn thing He does is it is Astor if he got up right now walk to the door he's something would fall from Frogs would fall from the events and start landing on his head. I'm telling you This thing is just not reloading because there's such an overload on his damn thing I don't want to get Josh up said Josh likes this anyway What tells his name again? Cortis Cortis. I thought Cortis was in Tampa WSUN remember Cortis? No, yeah, you do Curtis. Oh well, same thing Josh Curtis here we go. I think it might just I got two a green bars on there. It's thinking about doing something How many you got is your thing re recycling? It's slow. Yeah, it's slow because it's a heavy load man Oh, it's slow because it's a smell of hothing us. Have a good part No, it's just slow because there's a heavy load. Okay. Let me know why we're waiting on that audiences Interesting why I sitting here looking at something Let's see this facts I've had so many facts about that thing which we will play it again about a whole bunch of times that think about your rose going ballistic because mo called in About 30 minutes. I'll play it a bunch of times But don't keep facts to me tell me about it because believe me. I may not have been back in town long, but didn't take me long to find out about this I didn't even got the seat war my ass out of this morning. I got 15 people Pup pup pup pup pup pup. How would you hear what happened? Pup you know it's the talk of the station Also this facts you say is I don't want to turn this in way. Let's repowered show, but they did anyway Well George said it wasn't that much of it. You call this good and down a lot better, but that's always the case Look at it look at the calls we're getting here this morning already QAM Oh, please play that joke thing again. Okay, amazing. Okay Haha There's not welcome back to town Neil. It's nice to have you back you son. Great you son. Refreshed and happy And how do you like the crappy weather and humidity and the heat, you know not that I can't get through on this can you He can what do you got 226 26. That means we need yummy. We need before Yeah exactly in the next seven minutes. We don't have that clock that ticking We don't have that ticking Thing going Not yet though We need to get to two fifth and then of course we get some kind of a prize like the one at two thirty No, don't say if we get to beat 256 by 1045 we get to go home at one That's what he said then he say that. I'm sure I heard him say that he muttered something under his breath My mind just won't even show up again on here Because there's such a load on there we only need 17 18 to break it 17 to tie and we got some That's not even a contest now Friday we asked the worst acting performance ever in a movie Was and Shaquille on Neil Makes them a squeal and Kazan first of all I never even heard that movie did you? Yeah, you did It was every once in a while like some jock they'll give them a movie to make them some more I understand that but I was never heard of that movie. No one ever saw it well Somebody did 210 people said it's the worst acting performance ever 210 So if he a copal a godfather three I thought she'd win by a nose, but she lost by her 177 Dan Moreno who was the late entered but Danny boy did very well as venture a petatek of 96 votes They love your football. They love your arm but they can't stand two things Danny you're acting in those strange lips Voderix 68 moriacari all that clitoris ankle like a 66 votes from moriad the pariah of a life Slice the lone rhinestone tie with oj and towering in furno 60 60 a piece Elizabeth Berkeley showgirls 50. Okay. Here what we got Take it away finally kill up on here 2.45. Oh my god, are we getting close? We're only 12 away from bustling through that the total what's your favorite show on QAM the arrived your show 190 for L 23 managed 17 the hopper 7 Jo and Mark 3 Eddie K3 That's bad. Eddie K3 and look who's in last place Moan guilty have a pair I thought just by himself Mo had a swing in pair But evidently not enough to make it the favorite show on his they hate you Mo So now it's not a way inside the building, but it's also outside the building. Who was it that was saying to me use that expression? He's not well liked who was it that said that today? No, no on the phone Joe couple of weeks ago. Oh, it was your castellus. He's not well like I said you mean in size and they're like anywhere What is it with you? Mo? Why is it your whole life about pissing people off and making them hate you like toys? Is that what it's all about? Oh, god I don't understand that how could how could you have a clean sweep? How could you not have anybody in a building like you? I I I Okay, I think on the next change. I think we like hop over the top Yeah, a little faith they didn't think we could do it Friday Saturday Sunday and I have a height job by Mo and then for a little because I told him do this morning So that he would pass Mo what you did But they get 250 six votes total on a highly touted QAM sports their boy. I would nerd their website Oh my god, who the hell are you people kidding and What did ball the old Wayne it's only thing ever agreed with that way in high ping about and by the way you people that are pissed off about your censored videos It blockbuster he don't have anything to would blockbuster anymore, but hate him anyway for it because you know It's it's the memory of Wayne Lingranana kind of fascist Nazi Wayne thing We did it We did it with four minutes to start Yeah, what do you got to say for yourself Mo? Even though he hyped himself all morning long. I heard our plug it it and then he's talking about old vote for decency and the greatness and girl You know, yeah, try to hide people to get on a girl. These names wasn't even on the QM pool to share with small potatoes. He was Okay, let's go let's go this thing won't come up on here. How many you got? 263 two sixty three So we'll just leave this son or never put the other pool up. Which and not gonna be too thrilled with anyway, but it's that time of the year Nice coming back when a kid's you're out of school. There's almost no traffic got there everybody everybody with any money and a brain is bailed out of this place Well, let's see George and Carlos are still here. They don't have any money. Right. I'm here but only for a few days Some of the people here are because they have to work here, right? For all is here because he hasn't been here long enough to hit it yet, but he's got the life of a runny girl And he's got a drug dealer and a food supply and he's all more than long to keep him happy. He's getting himself a Kind of on south beach you hear that right penthouse a penthouse not just a condo, but a penthouse He's getting a cattle act None of the cattle act dealers know it yet, but he's gonna get him a trade. No, he'll get a deal. Yeah, because this is not a guy that takes no for an answer You can tell that he doesn't take more for an answer This I better do the break because sooner or later don't want me forget to give the rest of the results on this phone's on this Movie pool. We don't want to watch in movies though Because I think we lost a lot of the audience with about three or four weeks of movie talk they hated it. I liked it And you notice how many other people even cited building. Oh, I saw this movie. I saw a wreck Well, yeah, because we did a lot of good things for a lot of people that's why the audience hated they don't like that They like negativity they like calling in bitching people like mow out a lot bad. Well, here we go I better do the break and then I'll give you the number. Guess is bring us lunch today and yes, I am eating today because I feel like an October Cuz I'm going to mommy's house for lunch tomorrow Keep that in mind. So plan yourself accordingly But the Jeff Cohen from pizza law is gonna bring us some child Jeff. I guarantee is still doing the same great thing He chopped off the pony tail and since then the business has been like triple have you noticed that memory totally? He would like because they don't want to see that schmotsie pony tail You know when you go into a fine restaurant with really good food low prices and nice friendly people You don't want to see the owner waltzon around with a nasty pony tail because you start conjuring up like you know here in a soup here in the lasagna Right here on the back like mow like screw-in was bitching about his more she said he's got more here on his back than J. P's got us whole body How's the AP doing by the way Total Anyway, pizza law has some great stuff for where they got all your Italian favorites. They got chicken and veal seafood three different kinds of great pizza They got calzone super subs all your favorite Italian dishes in the best garlic rolls you've ever Prophthe in your big push every Monday night like tonight's lasagna night at the loft two days egg plant night By one of these dinners on these nights get to second one for only five bucks every Wednesday kids E-free with adults. They can see Jeff famous magic show put on a real thing for him And every Thursday night is bite night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner get the second for half price I fast for real the Marfi ever came on a motorcycle and of course we're take out delivery and For catering in the day be called a pizza law to the original brow location nine five four nine one six eighty eight It's on University between Griffin road and this and 95 right behind here when imports kitty corner the new armoured to look cafe nine five four nine one six 88 80 and the same great deals and food waiting for you in plantation now At the corner of Navajo and sunrise right behind wall greens nine five four three eight two 1999 three eight two 1999 and after all these years in town the role famous pizza law just keeps on getting better night and local we are sports radio five sixty two a White Every buttocks I want me to be wary And just tell us of my fellow So I don't hear what you're telling I can't believe you want a very bad act Each you had enough of a friend and an alarm morning checks But don't you know that then I'm so afraid when I hold on baby It's already very dramatic Yeah But he is funky But no funky So just a deeper tone Cause we're good About him I am not scared You love him I but so good I want to find a way Because he made me find me Right Ben's a giant of so bad This is a real dark girl Just a feather cruise just Just a mouth you're making me mad Just like his movies, this marriage will be bad But I don't wanna be alone His boy you'll keep from watching Just a deep that boy you're alone And we both want to get in And we both want to get in So we're gonna get in 10.48 at 5.60 Here's a nice back from Steve This is the usual soft photo Welcome back Neil If I look like you I would never talk about the appearance of anyone else You with your bulging eyes and fat as a tub Ha ha ha ha Thanks Neil Have a nice day too asshole See at least I'm honest about it I'm as ugly as sin And I admit it And I don't put on any like false accutraments like muskrats on a head Or a civicats or all of these things You don't walk around with checkered pants Try to press anybody snap in my vera closed veins I don't do those things I'm just me, I'm a fat old Jew homo That's it That's why I got a face in the body for radio Oh, oh Even that's why I've done so well Steve On radio because I know my place I'm not prancing around trying to be like a fashion plate So here's the final totals On pole number one today And look at the tremendous response on the phone I realize nobody's here And anybody like I said with a brain in a couple of bucks Is out of time out of the kids are out of school 331 votes in a half an hour Keep in mind a QM website had 256 in a Friday, Saturday, Sunday 3 and a half days almost over three days You ready for that? Including I'm sure some heavy hyping by some of the participants Like modus morning and Jill and Mark overnight Right? Right? Don't doubt I think we were the only ones in the dark about this Or why is that? Well that's because we're not part of the whole We're not part of the HWL For turnity? Right If you're on QM you'll rather show 254, 76.7% Jimmand it's 28 For L27 and two of them are pretty tight Hank Goldberg, the Humber's got 9 Joe Mark 6, Eddie Kaplan 4 And Howard and Gildy, oh my god Do I even dare? To mention it on the year that's pretty embarrassing 0.9% 0.9% Out of 331 votes A grand total of I'm getting pounded 3 3 Out of 331 This is after 17 months I guess maybe he hasn't just made the big impact Do you think? That could be Or wait Maybe it's just like he's like a slow starter You think that could be it? No That's an acquired thing Maybe they just hate him like poison like everybody else Because of the fact he steered up so much crappin' his place That could be it Here's a Julio who facks his in With a bunch of penises Which don't come out too good in black and white here by the way Says, say it with penis I have no idea what that's supposed to prove Neil got it just wanted to welcome me back to the Republic of Mymil Thank you, Julio, you're a lot nicer than it's steered up That was probably stuttering steered They're close up more all the time One of them, one of those cronics There's not one call coming in on this board to say Boy, it sure you sound so great to have you back in town Is all this crap going on That's okay I can handle it I'm used to it 560 Pound 560 on the AT&T It's usual friendly welcome you get to South Florida Just like that Yeah Haha, Paul Wow, I thought I smelled something as we were like I're doing the approach in a plain yesterday I thought I smelled something Yeah, it was that it was they would give me the welcome and come in It must have been there Maybe maybe we were a pingo pecania head His special welcome he come in at the airport Maybe next time he'll have a complimentary slice of pizza Cause always for me with something special on it I'm sure he might 567 I just want somebody to say like hello and you know something like that before I get started here before we do the pool Oh well, are we gonna build another pool? Yeah, build this okay Build some sand castles You got a lot of beaches go build some sand castles Here's the what's what's the rest of the list of van Vin Diesel 46 fast in the furious the worst acting performance ever in the movie John provol to battlefield earth 45 in a life school as ice 42 OJ hits the list again they could gun 38 Brittany spears and us movie happened to be on over the weekends met a fat crossroads and crossdress Dad it'd be four no for about two seconds Dennis Rodman double team 32 for Denise Canter Reeves the matrix 29 Tom Green Freddy got fingered and enjoyed it 27 Bill Shattner any star trek 25 Barbara Streisand for Yentels Oh, I should be so Jewish 25 and Al Pacino I'm just going as far down on list just I can get that in Al Pacino for the anxious set of a woman had 23 we like Walla Kett only 22 type of the Donna for her Shanghai surprise Madonna's a matter of fact With like three of the next four spots but also bloodhounds of evidence with the Donna was the only one didn't get one vote Dead last of over 15 and reports five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty here's the pool for today And this is I'm doing this because it's vacation time kids are out of school everybody wants to go someplace get out of this rat and festeted the jungle man This really this you know what this is the one word to describe this and not talking about the heinous of the universe Something sarcastic like that that we've said over the years. I'm talking about an accurate word to describe this place. This is a swamp You know as you're approaching and they now yesterday luckily we came right in from the east and landed but generally when you're flying in the town more often than not you come in from the east and they go way out west over the glades and turn around to come back You've done that right oh And you look at the Everglades from above and you realize that's what we're living in a big swamp That's what I just said that's the word swamp. It's a it's a freaking swamp a bog about you So here's the pull question today what's the one place you've never been to that you must see before you croaked Now I got one and I don't want 20 I don't want five I don't want 100 I want one here's my list here. How about these six? No I hate that they do that to me all the time But here I got a few for you. No, it's let me read the question again. What's the one place that you've never been to that you must say before you croaked? I put down Prague. I want to go to Prague. Okay New Zealand And I mean, oh, no, I put another one down that didn't affect the eric yet Cuba Don't you think there are a lot of people in the sondines who want to go to Cuba? No, I'm going to spend their time. Let's take keep coming in this direction Like yesterday we had eight more pop out there's the reason for that What's that it sucks there now Yeah, but the hotels here Nice and fitty what but you don't understand they want to assist like maybe they're Italian people want to go like this Yeah, yeah, maybe it's still nice there though. What's that Sicily? I don't know I've never been there. I would like to go there But I picked one and that was Prague because I hear Prague is just a fabulous place But I effectively just had elections over the weekend. They voted to join the EU The American dollar is falling like a rock and eighty-dollar is seventy five cents It's unbelievable what they're doing to all of us to kill us Here's our first one. I already had one. Here's Miami. Hello. Welcome back, man, Niggas Uh-huh. Hey, George you're pushing That's your buddy again Like I said we're waiting for our first call 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Laterhill. Hello Yes, sir Well, welcome back. Nobody wants to suck up to you too much, but we do want to say welcome back in Glad you had a safe trip in Damn it's been hotter than hell down You bring some cool weather the humidity sucks, but hey yesterday was fathers day Yeah, that poll you had last week about the single fathers. I've been raising my kids for the last two years About single fathers? Well, now about who was a better parent Single fathers really got blasted, but there's a few of us There was nothing on a pull about single fathers. There were absolutely nothing on a pull about single fathers Your father's it was about who was the better parent Well, okay, yeah, well, I don't know. I just took a fence to it, but anyway, why did you take a fence to it? Were you a bad father? No, I'm gonna beat you up out of your kids Just the opposite she was a bad mother and I just wanted to my dad I just wanted to be my dad, I was a few bad mothers on there Yeah, I just wanted to pat on the back But anyway, that's my own personal idea You're gonna give me a pen on the back right through the radio. How do you like that? Just like I'm giving you a welcome right through the radio But hey, let me tell you I spent the fathers that yesterday with my two sons One of them's 13 he has autism the 17 year old had a kidney transplant Oh boy, I got my hands filled, but me and the 17 year old we bonded so much yesterday We sat and watched Requiem for a dream together And he loved it I had to burn the DVD so he could take it and go to will as friends Don't say that you burn a DVD because then people think you're like steal and stuff like that And they'll come in and trace the call I'm so I'm so worried about that Like I said, the along of the DVD so we could take it over show to all his friends in the movie too Oh, he loved it and I loved it too Anyway, welcome back sir And anyway, wherever you are I've been listening for about 20 years now for that six months But thanks a lot Good listeners just kind of hang back a little bit And George says it tremendous for real If they really got to do is one day they really got to switch your stuff then Let you and for all kind of be there and let George do this Well, I didn't want to tell you but we couldn't really afford to hire to refill it real for real George has been doing that for the whole five weeks And right now he's saying goodbye Enjoy five six seven oh five sixty you know actually George is threatening to his shows all summer long in that voice And I think it would be get a 40 share easy guarantee a What's the one place you've never been to that you must see before your croak where you're going to build a list whether you want to or not I don't think they want to that's okay. They want they want they want movies So now that I've stopped doing movies now they want more movie talk. Oh, you know we saw these other way. I don't care. I don't want to know I don't want any names of any more movies today I'm going to like leave it one o'clock Oh, you know who looks a pretty fat The beast Yeah, I just make sure that because I'm going to do the balance for us, but he could be down like about one eighty right now He would have kept going on it. He's just he's a loser You know he's just not one of those people especially with that thing that's growing on the end of his nose You know what that's from that's from telling so many lies look what happened to him and Bubba It's from lying so much the beast from telling so many goddamn tales Anyway, if you want to lose weight you can try at kids and you can try the old stillman and the grapefruit died and the Sarah Goldfarb pill died There's a million diets you can try and some of them work for a lot of people, but if you're frustrated because you're still as fat as a tub Because you still can't lose that weight you still can't wear any like real size clothing Balance for life could be the answer you've been looking for and one of the reasons it's or outstanding is because it's easy even the laziness of his lazy folks can do it because there's no cooking No shopping no cleaning no calorie counting no carb counting no nothing All you do is reach outside the door and pick up that little black sack they liberate you door by six every morning and all your food for the day It's in there all you have to do the only choice you make is on admin you you pick out two choices from a two choice reach meal every day That's trying to program and that's a three-gore may meals two delicious snacks. They're all in your sack There's loads of great fresh delicious goodies in here to keep you full all day long So get with the real weight loss program. That's some crazy quackereer some dangerous pills or some crap that's gonna make your hair fall out Let balance for life help you lose the weight finally once and for all and get back some good health too column today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out on the web if you like it balance for life dot com My Socks I'll give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important here this Howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get along with great I thought he called me an asshole Saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to Howard is don't listen listen to one on one point five Let me see what age group one on one point five for Howard maybe one oh two point seven Some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids And instead of listening and always calling the radio station he's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boca Howard from Boca It's like you know it's okay So anyway he's he's listening so this one to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record don't call off the air Because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line Gradulations, you know the private line number that's great but don't call because you're not coming on this show You've got your three hours five to eight But you do Friday You can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show We'll leave it at that All right, so that nothing against you you see like a decent person And I know you've been getting a ticket on the radio station from everybody else But it's over me and you've done you asshole Hey collector, we spawned here today, baby. Oh, this was what's makes it exciting about coming back to South Florida You know it there is not one call on his board Are we really on the air? We have another transmitter far. What's the thing is after we start this computer anyway? What do you mean by that? It's old giant piece of crap and it's frozen up and I have to restart it what computer this the phone screening computer. Oh The somebody there are calls on air, but it's all there are no call. No, are you sure? Well, there are no okay WQAM our phone screwed up. Hello Speaking Me or welcome back, like yes, sir. Hey the only place I'd like to go for a dies Montana Montana Really, yeah, okay, well Jordan give you some good stories. They give us some good tips tell you where to go All right, he said we wanted to tell you where to go. Okay, have a good time there have a good time boxing Helena 567. Oh, what is that what you do there? What else you gonna do there? What trapping get lead right okay. I'm going back to Shelby. That's what I'm gonna do with these phones don't start light out now the screenless today Get you off the hook for all time Look as we're leaving it one What right, I think what are you shaking your head about got that tape already? We're leaving it one He always really pissed off that you're letting me off the peanut boy Do one oh, I see that's what he's upset about chicken is had vigorously because he has to talk to a lot of assholes He thought this way George would have to well guess what I don't think so he left to see me That's it anyway George don't deserve that you're breaking in okay. You've got to you've got to pay your dues You got to talk to like every nutcase. I let him money Yeah, he let you money and I just have to have a little bit there without you want and by the way if I get a phone call from the banks and you Oh, I'd like to church to crawl if I get that phone call again. That's the last time you'll ever see me. I'll give you the Caching store. Oh, yeah, the check-caching store. That's where a lot of really I don't want to say it and that one of our fine sponsors right ABC package and ABC package Lickering guns. That's where he hangs out and cashes his paycheck. Oh Of course they look at it and say QAM forget about it. Take it down the street. We're not touching anything WQAM Yes, sir. How are you sir? I'm doing great Welcome back. That's all I got the same. Okay. Well, thank you so much I don't want you to call and say why I was just joking about that say something Give me your for instance, okay Tell me what's going on with Mo and Joe and flow and Blow maybe they got a good movie. They've got some good blow. Yeah, I mean If you people start that movie stuff again, we're gonna be out of business The bad news is that stuff like to blockbuster and got the Edited version of recroom for doom. I see that that's one of those movies You don't want to get the edit room of that you want every last drop. I mean lastly come home, okay Oh, there's a really good show on Ph.1. I know that comes a shot to you. No sometimes But they have a good show. It's the bloopers from Yeah, and from from from game shows. I've seen it I just came across that last night desperately trying to find something to watch I mean a cable here another reason I hate this place just awful Whereas my drive-in movie channel. We're a scream TV is matter is a matter of fact That's what the cable is here. It's called scream TV you scream or something to watch But anyways, I found that by accident hosted by the anxious Bob you by so my despise But they had some great stuff on there. So there was an old clip from Gary Moore was it was it to what's my line? I think it was what's my not what's my line that was what's the name? What's his name? What's the name? I had a book of Brian will call in I don't want to get into that. It's nobody knows to tell the truth I guess that's the one Gary Moore was the host and so So they they bring out a cow on stage and the deal of it is best Myerson who's got her evening Ghana and the kidney car Lyle they're gonna milk the cow and they got this broadener's gonna show them how to milk the cow and Gary More is standing there. Well needless to say the cow And a little accident anybody ever heard the term cow pie or cow pile And Gary says we take that thing off here right now get it out and there and of course they're all in his Storics and I don't know what they'll happen because we didn't see the rest of it because it's live TV and A college is there he got nervous you know, he let Lucie Piler to you know what happens around here all the time In fact, Moe I noticed there was like a bad stain when I he was standing there talking to the bath Bad stain On those lime green pants see when you dump in your pants and you were in like the lemon yellow or lime green pants It shows real bad moe. It's not good style. It's really bad Bad bad in fact you remember in came you need they were calm hungry boga at all the yellow stain right Moe was old brown stain this morning Must be because of that thing he had with your rose plus the fact everybody knows that guilty has turned out I'm not guilty was his last great hope man. That was the one guy He thought he could brow beat he could handle him. He could manipulate him well guilty and to pushy that you thought he was Moe You all these had it Which is why it sounds like the two of them are gonna in fact That's one extra reason to tune into them every morning real early when you know get a whole bit early five to eight a.m Maybe that's the wrail warm-up show. No, that's that smart Now what is this what is this? The golden years running out of money life, so not so sunny or running out of get what is this stuff that's coming in here on his Fax man See this was not good timing on my part it was good timing from the fact that there's no traffic driving into work In fact, you know, I now I can sleep till like seven o'clock at a morning like a real life Now that we're back on 10 to two, which you all didn't seem to like But other than that I mean, why would you come back when there's nobody in town? In fact I looked at my contract again That's one of the reasons I came back I look at said you're summer schedule Tuesday and Thursday starts June 16 I must have misread it. I thought it said you lie forth, but I think it said I'm pretty sure I may have to go home right now and double check it. I think it said June 16, George. That's supposed to be here George and you're supposed to be talking to that for real voice Don't wait until long. Nobody Q. I am Speaking sir, hey, are you doing Neil okay? It man in honor of my main man Joe Rose Definitely to the plate and I really banging on the ballpark man. He hit it Okay, there you go. That might be the best company. He had all the year when he came right down What says hello a lot about the rest of it. What was he saying? I like the we we okay Joe Rose grows our humongous spirit. That's you've been and that's it. I'm in the newspapers See what I mean if we were in a real market with real people are right about radio That kind of a thing if we would have happened in Toronto or in New York or like in a real market They would have had an article interview newspaper about that on the entertainment page because that's pretty entertaining But not here and why did you put a Tom jica story on our website yesterday? You little asshole? I'm canceling that check. Why did you do that? You had plenty of other stories? It wasn't even a radio story it was some like it was crap. I read it What does he battle with a reality show thing? Yeah, it sucked It sucked it was more of Tom's Paddlem about network TV crap, okay? Anybody could write that you you will auto apologize you want a pal. I apologize to the audience All of our millions of people have check our fancy fancy highly touted real website I thought just one day you know because I'm flying back yesterday more and I thought I could leave it in his competent hands And he puts a freaking Tom jica story on our website. Oh my god I was I was coughing up SARS pellets. I was so upset By the way, you noticed when the gal was in there hated you didn't check out but I was I yeah stuff the couple in his pants You didn't see a couple of monkeypox a couple of monkeypox pellets What are they facemies this heavy do these stuff how about Crawford Texas? Oh, yeah I got that here very important story, which we will get to we talked about a lot on this program Tulia Texas baby Freedom likely for a 13 convicted Texas drug sting to show you what kind of fascism goes on in this country all these poor dark folks who've been Cooling their heels in jail for years now for years July 23rd 1999 a high profile drug sweep in Tudia Texas rounded up 46 alleged drug dealers all but seven of them were black 10% of the black population in the whole town of about 5,000 between Lubbock and Emerald Texas Seven of the cases were dropped to rest of the accused ended up in prison around probation 60 remain in custody almost four years later The cases are crumbling allegations of racial motivations shady evidence and questionable police work have put the two the cases in the national spotlight A failure of the system To say the very least they got one guy Joe Moore. They should have on the TV this morning 59 years old. He's one of the 16th-film prison serving a 90-year sentence for selling coke to an undercover officer he says he never met 90-year Trump-th-up sentence How do you like that? And I don't want to mention that the former governor of the state of Texas of course used to like Take a little off the nose every now and that was okay, so now he's as his punishment or our punishment he served four years in a White House But here's this poor old Joe guy 90 years and he's been in her four years cool in his heels, but looks like most if not all I'm gonna get out. That's a good news. Let's hear it. Oh Just this maybe a little bit slow in America, but if you wait long enough if you can survive it if you can hang in there Probably most of our audience is still down a key west after the weekend, you know Why did the freaky Carlos come in here this morning to show me all those pictures of him and Susan Lucci and her be other fat head that was ever born? What doesn't he it doesn't get to mess it he loves you I can't stand him he makes my skin crawl He wants you just saying him makes me embarrassed and humiliated to be a fag just just seeing him Makes me no feel unclean. Hey, what's a touch you? That's it. See ya. I'm out of here There was one good reason you should remind me not to come back here is that freaky Carlos my one of touch me. Don't ever come close to me, okay? God, especially with all those damn where he's got a dingling rings that he's got he's got dingling rings 12 minutes after level at 5. 60 WQM if you're carpet around doing the wrong spot I'm doing dry concept. Well do I do that one? No, I don't want to put your luck. Yeah, it's two more round round and rounded about Money for car. I think I did this last week too. Wow when you get an old and daughter ring What the hell nobody's coming. It's always a good excuse and nobody's listening anyway They're all on the town. They're all in the places where they've been dying to go to dry concepts So like to come to your house. They'd love to clean your floors for and make your carpets look just like brand new They've been doing it in my house over 20 years and having had dogs in the house for most of those years You know, I may not have a cow But boy, it's time when you want to have one when you see what they do on a flow and dry concepts can make even the worst days The nastiest smell of this look carpet and we're looking smell just like brand new with their exclusive Patented dry cleaning method that nobody else in world does in fact Not only will they dry clean your carpeting, but also your drapes They'll clean your expensive area rugs and oriental rugs like you've never seen before you're a poultry or leather furniture If you have problem with pet orders or milled waters caused by water damage They'll also make those disappear like magic with their exclusive padded method of dry cleaning the whole deal And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to work soon have to worry about getting ripped off at the end of the job Do yourself a big big favor and call the folks you can always depend on do a stupidist job at a fair written price Dry concepts call them tool free 1-800-248-507-1 1-800-248-507-1 Or log under the real famous website at dryconcepts.com And it really be true when you call dry concepts you can clean today and entertain tonight My life and love This is 4-3-05-6 You're a human way See you're gilding good luck Have a great life baby Gowby Gowby Talking on a sports show Trying to be my show Your voice sounds just like a sand thin year old girl A little sports show What else are you there for Gowby? Gowby Talking like a baby Who needs a little training Like how you understand You don't sound like a man We fool the rubber bands That choke Your stroke on healthy Ducky Ducky Gowby Your lucky management don't care Cause Gowby You don't belong there on the air And Gowby The sports can wait till your voice cracks Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another Drop And they should only take you back when both your babies drop Gowby Ducky When you're gonna grow up You make a choice to grow up You silly, squiggly boo Go to broadcasting school Your pretty, you best it for us Thanks you Sound like a punch Your rock What the hell is happening to him? Tommy looks all the human The shakes is the time He looks like a human being His touch was teased Heighting beneath all of that squeaky crappy He always looked like a human looking guy He looks pretty good for him Doesn't just put the middle part of his eyebrows Seriously, he looks pretty good for him Lucky congratulations Welcome to human race Coming from an old ugly fart like me How can you talk about the way I close my can That's what they pay me for Talk about whatever I want So we got some exciting news about Gowby You think that your rose and The most thing is a big news Gowby had come to find out We have spy reports has been making I don't want to say that he's been having Somebody there making air checks every day You know all the reports we had about him looking for Out of the job and being out of town Or for all was a Oh, you're buying Come to find out that if you're listening Well, you don't listen to that show, but bein' or boy does If he listen to more, you notice when they come back from a break Usually would be like the main host of the show Which would be mo Well, it's 735 on QAM You ask holes in on him We'll come back but Gowby You'll notice comes back he's been driving He's been driving the show Because on the air checks then it sounds like it's his show So that's the reason the other word a verge of a major blow up here What great timing nice going Neil Come and back just when this whole thing is about to blow up and everybody's asked Oh, this is exciting I might stay an extra week or two No, I doubt it I don't think so I have to be a lot better than that I have to be like Miguel starts putting out But uh, seriously, that's amazing And uh I had no idea He's making air checks every day And he's driving the show coming back from the Eredoins So that it sounds like his show like he's the main man the headhunter the big cheese the uh, you know The squeaky wheel well squeaky something Good luck to you Gowby you deserve it Okay, nobody deserves a fate having to be an underling to that thing That creature So I that verifies if that's the last piece of evidence I don't want to say you told me that I'll give you a clue I want to say who told me that's the one That's a broad category in this right that's why I said it I'm not going to tell you who told me that piece of gossip during the break But I have a lot to catch up on you know when you're way a little bit Here's some bad news All the man guess it's good news for her. I hope it's volunteer Joel at British Airways says just thought I'd let you know that our mutual friend Helen from Erikaana does retelling after 32 years Her last day will be June 28 she works days now doesn't get a chance to listen much But I always tell her that you mentioned around the year we wish you're all the best and amen to that Joel She is the sweetheart. I love her Helen and Eileen and all the nice people that they're can to the good luck Helen. I love you sweetheart And she's one of those people she gets around she and her husband they travel all over the place they go skiing they go all over Over the world So hopefully she's not being squeezed out of there by air cannon all alone can only guess because there haven't have enough A few problems like their stock is about 75 cents Our here's the fact it says the Joe roasting is pretty hilarious but my question is what was Joe? Rose talking about the flip most freaking wig See these people are coming in a lot of people though listen on a weekend Maybe they're out of town They don't hear the beginning of our show which we're not too happy about now that we're back tended to I did see my billboard this morning Oh, still says nine new one, but that's okay. I'll take it After four and after five years of no publicity whatsoever. I'll take the billboard. Thank you Even if it's got midnight till three. I don't care Got that big over me push With my bulging eyes and my big fat pupic And I'll take it. I didn't see most billboard though when it was usually right on my ass I wonder if that means I I don't know So I've been out either thing that flipped Joe Rose Put them off the edges that mo called an off the ear because Joe was just mentioning I'll say for the last time about the fact that you can see the you can hear it You can feel the tension it's palpable on the ear between goldie and mo in a morning show, okay? I don't know I'm spending so much time on this because in the fact most of our people Listen that show anyway, but it's just good. It'll kill some good time plus when I get any calls any like it They like the gossip. Oh, they love the gossip. That's a number one favorite thing next to movies Next to that And so evidently mo got all been out of shape and he's got see this thing about calling in other shows that just drives me nuts That's light bulb radio well Mr. Kane. Yes, Mr. Kent well, Mr. Kane. Yeah, it's like that What's that bit we got that AC in bit that minced stool thing? Oh, premanced stool syndrome. I might have to play that well Mr. Inderogga You know and that's what they used to do that's the own call on each other's show on a year getting of these contrived arguments Eddemy just crap fun for 90 year olds And that's what they used to do well. This was the same kind of thing. I guess mo call them this show And I know and trying to straighten this one out and there's no tension well, so even only he called on a bat line Talk to whoever was producing Joe show Saturday and wanted to get on the air to refute what you would just said Well, Joe's like Joe made a good point. You guys got three hours of his own Monday through Friday We were in the morning, but nevertheless somebody's awake at that I don't think he called with the intent of actually getting on the air, but rather just to talk to Joe to set him straight off the air I says the story I got in other words to bitch him out off the air right Right lucky did that last time with Ferrell correct which it turns out that that is a true story Even though he bit somebody else out for spilling the beans about that somebody was like he's always like Joe says like always calling the station to say this or that to this one of that one Yeah, like the time at the geldi was doing a show when Moe was on vacation see if I'm on vacation Even like I can I can pop it up in my little studio at Gerado and hear it. I don't listen. I don't listen. I find better things to do like pick my nose But he's a call in get to be stopped there. He's unprofessional, but you know, I mean he's not even in here He's not even doing a show and he's got you know Get yourself a life fine. I'll say it again. I do you I know we got a lot of golfers out there good luck Yeah, it's all I can say good luck here because if you're playing a lot of golf it means to me you have no life There may be a few exceptions for where I guess is one of those who's missing something okay He's got a hot girlfriend. He's got a lot of action He's gonna himself a big pen house suite on the South Beach He's gonna be driving two or three cat-lacks before they have to be doing six to ten He'll be making really serious big bucks. I'll have big numbers in there. What's that to like right? See, I'm kind of when you have the original sheet because you never gave it back to me the pull that they took the sports QM sports nerd pull You never give that back to me. Here's the pull that we're dealing with no success In fact, maybe we'll just do a pull with three choices on what do you think? Eric we're like that This is our real poll today. The other was just for fun just to prove a point which we did What's the one place you've never been to that you must see before you croak Prague Cuba Cuba New Zealand or Montana, but that's all we got so far because either the none of this poll Or they just they don't give a crap or they're not in town or they don't like us anymore I don't know Carlos wants you to add Hawaii. Oh Okay, don't go to a Oahu. It's beautiful, but it's too crowded go to the big island go to a Maui Go have a Maui Maui But don't go to a Maui. Well, you're not going anywhere. What am I talking about? You couldn't afford to get like you know three feet out of the ocean given 20 years I'm giving 10 to 20 just for putting a time jica piece on our website yesterday gets 10 to 20 So they had only 256 votes on IQ M thing the whole weekend What's your favorite show on a station? Neoride is 29.1% mad dog What's the punty game percentages when you deal with this? 74 votes for a show mad dog 49 Joe and Mark 41. I think I was loaded for railhead 40 Mo had 34 also loaded up hand-cad 10 and then he came at six votes out of 256 that's the way that turned out And like I said when you only got 3.9% of the sports nerds keep in mind that wasn't That was an a sports nerd show as they were pump of that we didn't even know anything about it That was done behind our backs obviously intentionally Because they know damn well that the result would have been a little bit different Are they turned it right but anyway my I'm hoping I'm mooted so and even even with him going under this morning and hyping it Both are the good guys go for the guys with honesty and these things I guess they did Which means anybody but you Mo the mode they hear I'm demoling realize huh you mode Oh god, maybe that explains this frustration 26 past 11 at five I can see I'm just out of no maybe won't even take any calls all week. I don't know I'm just wound up here Not much action on the phone very depressing and Monday in the middle of summertime where you're gonna have a rough time Mr. I'm gonna be brutal. WQA in Yes, sir. Oh, that was a good one I just want to find out why are you down on the instrument? I was thinking I'm going to answer that go away I'm not doing all two that anymore because it sucks. Okay. It sucks. Don't go there save your money I mean, can you tell me a good McDonald's in Vegas, Neil? Can you tell me a good restaurant in Toronto? Go away How many times have I had that call just in the last couple of months since I came back from Amsterdam But third man. We can't take it no more. I can't take it no more It sucks. Don't go there. You don't need any details it blows nobody else is going Or why should you be the one? Everybody else in the world is wise enough. They're not going there no more. It's a toilet Let me say it again just if you want to know about Amsterdam just think of one word Detroit That's all you need to think about once was a great place anybody want to go there even a people that lived there don't want to go back there Even a people racing at hazel park probably want to get out of there Don't go to Amsterdam, please sir. Vigue 27 past 11 at 5.60 WQL. I'll tell you a good place to go. You'll like so by spokea If you want any kind of a low-carb dot whether it's the atkins or the zoner any of these other ones The likes of us focus the number one low-carb store in the entire area with over nine hundred low-carb sugar free products and stuff The introduce the new one every month and this month no exception Try their new low-carb instant cup of soup just add water pop into microwave and you got yourself a good meal a low-carb meal And a cup for delicious flavors or check out the new simply low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast or your own individual size cheesecake And the list goes on and on with low-carb hot cocoa and apple cider blondies and brownies And don't forget the lights and credible selection of low-carb pasta's sauces dressings chips chocolates in their famous Carbolite ice cream too give Mala try you can try anything in the store before you bite and the likes of West Focus got all-acorn brands product on sale all day every day even on circus stop by talk of their Staffanaut in the dieting inside it out. They're open every day 10 to 10 you'll find the likes on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market Call them tool free from any place 1 877 low-carb or shop them on the web at low-carb dot com don't forget the likes of West Boca is it there your official atkins retail center The rears all yours Okay, I'll be 32 at 560. What are you posking with that thing there huh? Why Why you have to do that here? Who's missing one oh you I'm not I'm not getting involved. I thought 10 o'clock this morning We were closing the door on that thing on our hot couple's contest well guess what surprise What It's swinging moment. Oh, we got to get that on there. What time do we get that? Just when you thought that's poorly mowing mowzo the clown had put you over the edge just wait until you see swing and mow that is the best He's not a square he's our hipster. He's a swing a man swing and mow Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh Woo I guarantee it be a lot of people lined up to a plot pedom on the Harry back on the way out the door. You know They'll swing the door right against his ass on the way up Oh, here's the fact that says congratulations to mow for successfully Elianity everybody in WQA in baseball man no, but he's perfect but in his case Hank does even mention Mow when he promozed the line-up at the end of his show goes directly from Jo and Mark to Farell like the show doesn't even exist. Does the show exist? No. Farell is being the best lead and you've had in years I finally have something local listening to more and suppose to syndicate a crap and I'm not a sports fan by any stretchy imagination says this. Faxer, how do you like the apples huh? 5 6 7 0 5 60 we got some votes on the survey which is amazing because I don't even know what the survey is. What's the one place you've never been to that you must see before you've cropped New Zealand 10? I have no interest whatsoever in Go to New Zealand George. None. Well, sure you don't want to go learn to do a Haka. No, and hang out with the moweries. No Haka's in no hookers get a face tattoo. New Zealand 10 cube before prog 3 Hawaii 3 which it shouldn't say Maui there. I think Bina were probably talking to put that on there. But you just say Hawaii which means any of the five islands are you know or all or a mix and man with that leper colony. Montana's got one. That kind of once not a 22 votes. We have a lot of votes if we had some misleadions on here places that the people want to go but we don't. And you know what we don't care. We got the hurricane game and her case comes world series. It's a doer die baby. Was that one o'clock? 11 35. Her a case and South Carolina Southwest Missouri some girls school Southwest Missouri state. Tina nobody ever heard of before. Two o'clock from Omaha boy they got good food out there. Good beautiful people and beautiful food. Well you can't beat the meat at Omaha. You'd like to. You tried? I'm a serious man. There are just beautiful Midwestern people there friendly. Clean cut. A lot of white folks. Yeah. Mm. Sounds like Montana. Sounds like my kind of place. But anyway and then of course you got the great restaurants. Mr. See's. This amazing last time I was on let's say 82 I think was the last year. That's you're the hurricanes. The first time they won a college world series. That was there. 82. So that's 21 years ago and I still remember a lot of those great restaurants. Mr. C's. All the restaurants began with a C. They must have been Hispanic. C. C. I don't know. But anyway they're all great. Each one better than the other ones. Big juicy stakes and they had the fried raviolis. Have you ever had those appetizer fried raviolis? Oh yeah. Mm. God it was good. But you got to go to Omaha to get that stuff. Here you get what you get. What time is Jeff coming by the way? With our free food. He didn't say any time. Any minute. Any moment. Maybe that door may swing open in a second. Might be Jeff Cohen from the pizza loft. Unless my psychic powers of war not probably. Probably nothing will happen. 560505060 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. The one place you've never been to that you must see before your croak rash. New Zealand's leading. Get that Maui off of their air if you fat idiot. Hawaii. It's supposed to say maybe he wants maybe Eric to try to relate to some of those what do they call them? The big fat. The big fat Hawaiians. Oh the Samoans. Are they Samoans? The Samoans are big and fat. I mean the Hawaiians can get fat too but the Samoans are famous for it. And it's like baby fat. You know what I mean? Like 200 pounds of baby fat. It's a huge, huge, huge distributed. Cuba for prog 3 in Montana 3. Jeff in 15. And one from Montana. So we might get some suggestions for the poll and if not we'll still probably get better in 250's ex votes. Pretty embarrassing there Josh. Pretty weak. WKOM. Yeah. Neil I'd like to go to Haiti. To Haiti sounds exciting sounds exotic. Yep. That's where I'd like to go sir. Welcome back. Thank you so much. Okay. If you have any doubts, we'd have George Screen of course but he probably tell you where to go. Go to Miami. I wouldn't advise it. Don't go to this place okay no matter what the hell you have in mind. Go to hell. Yeah go there first. It won't be nearly as hot as it is here. And steamy. 560560 pound 560 on the AT. There's something I don't know. It's that's getting used to this the ambiance in this room and is building. Maybe Cusco ran was in here before. I think it lingers you know. WKOM. Yeah hey you're talking to you? Yes sir speaking. Hi Neil. Good. Good. Good. Welcome back. Thank you. At least you'll be able to get your finger back at a pulse of things. Yeah I took the pulse and I couldn't find one. I stuck my finger on it and all I got was like the tip of the beast nose. Okay. Hey yeah I've been to Italy once but I'd love to go back there. I went from nice scenery and there's so many people are crazy but I enjoy the heck out of it. Where did you go? I went to Rome, went to Plermo. I spent a week there it was pretty nice. How did you like Sicily? Sicily was very pretty. Very nice people were okay but the drivers were all nuts. They were like four cars in a row with a two-lane road. You get a drive like I'm already ever making it. I've just put Italy on any specific place. I have no Italy fine. You really shouldn't have you been in Florence? I know I have no. Please please you'd love Florence. I'll do that. Beautiful place. Just keep your wallet in your pocket though you know. Everything's very overpriced. It's a tourist trap but it's a beautiful place. Have a good time paly. Okay there's an Italy guy. Huh? What's wrong with that? Everyone wants to go to Italy. Anybody don't want to go to Italy as far as I'm concerned come on Easter. I want to go. Everybody I know would love to go to Italy. Let's get on our vespas and go to Rome. I can just see you tooled around over you love you. Yes, I would not. You'd probably the first place you'd go be the Vatican. Is it in the warm in here? I turned it down like first thing this morning. What do you mean by that? Like it was warm when I came in. 172 man too hot. But then again when you come to South Florida you suppose to switch your brains up maybe you'll sweat off a couple of pounds pants down what are you saying? No I'll pass. El Paso. I wish that I could eat like for real man. I wish I could eat like that and stay. He got away about 80 minutes. Maybe he eats like one meal a day. Yeah he ate three meals while I said here and watch them. What are you talking about? Maybe that was his order. He was shoveling it down. See I love you for real but don't be a pussy. Don't be intimidated by these people. They talk of good game and they'll intimidate anybody who lives near their crap. The only reason that we got ants in this building. Other insects. What would he give me a look? The phone screwed up. What do you mean by that? Like it won't go off of speaker phone. Welcome back Neil. Welcome back to QAM where I did see our new engineer this morning. Jim pardon me for wearing a stupid thing. Yelton. Yelton. It is a ridiculous for that pony tail. Wow I'm a little bit distracted folks. I'm trying to It's squealing over there. Don't don't call anybody. Tell Eric good. Don't call us. We'll call you. You are good friend Randy Maltax from the ticket defense. Oh, I'm going to say we need to call Randy Maltax. And you weren't able to speak to him. We were all able to speak to him. Oh. Hey, how are you no Randy? Probably hear me through the window. What a place. What a freaking place. It's pretty sad commentary with my little studio Toronto sure is held this one by a mile. I can't you my means I need to be going back real soon. Twenty-till noon at five, sixty we got to her a cane baseball game from the College World Series at two man. I'm telling you all the haze of place you'd like to go. I would definitely like to go. You would. I'm afraid the people are beautiful. I have friendly. There's a pretty decent nightlife there. There's like a lot of hookers out there and at least there used to be anyway. Probably now since we got this new right-wing regime. The hookers are still out there but Ashcroft covered them all up with like a doylice with stuff. Hey, Kevin and I would like Ashmothas. I'd take till film noon. What am I doing back here? This was a bad mistake. This was I mean everything since I've walked through that door. It's just been one nightmare after another. And you know what? I think you have a better microphone up there. Is this not sound a good? That sounds good but just you know when you have something that compared to that one sounds better. I have a better everything up there. I have a better mic. I have a better equipment. I got a better studio. I have a better time. I have a better life. Some buddy. It sounds muddy in here. Maybe that's because they muddied yours. I've seen one sounds so squishy on here. It might be it. It didn't help. No, it doesn't. But when you do the forlvoys. I think that's the that's the cast me out man. George does for rale all summer long and the voice too. You know the Neil Deos keep on rolling out from Tom Lim and the Joe Prieto are good friends at Hellet Pony XGMC. Here's Neil Deos number one going on. Right now and you know what it is? It's this corporate disease in here again. You don't hear me coughing and choking in Terrarri when all that SARS running around. I don't do that but here it's in this room again. And like I started to say if they weren't so cheap and they got an exterminator in here. If they got a good buddy Steve from ATM bugger. So the turn of ATM. They get all the bugs on here. They wouldn't have to be put to bitch and forl owners no food in the studio no food on a table. It's a bunch of bull crab Greg. Stop trying to brow beat people. He's your adult's not about your sports children. That's why he was speed eating. Yeah. He comes in here and it's it's really something to watch. He's speed eating because they won't let him eat in his studio. So he comes in here to Neil's kitchen and drugs and there's both. Pops a couple of pills. Stuff's a bagel in the corner of his post. This is often not diners and drug stores. I mean I guess there's one in town. Absolutely. Anyway, it's a hell that I was starting to tell you about the great Neil deals right now. Neil, the 11 gets 0% financing for 60 months and every 23-pony-eccor GMC in stock. Neil, the 112 get up to a $4,000 rebate in every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock. Attention current and former military personnel get an additional 750-dollar rebate from your friends at Halit. Neil, the number three, at least a new 2004 Grand Prix GT1, for as little as 209 bucks a month. This is a 36 month leasy dealer for details. And now at Halit, you can test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours. That's right. Take it to home, take it to work, take it to stick it anywhere you like. And of course, Halit has always got a great selection of dependable pre-owned cars, trucks, SUVs, credit. They're not as picky as most car dealers. They'll get you in a car some way somehow. Halit, potty, GMC, they're at 134-01, South Tixie Highway. There's stupid endis folks to do business with. They're right there on US-1 across from the falls and they're open every day, seven days a week. For more info on these Neil Deals, call the Hotline Tool Free at 1-3-8-534-4-4-4-11. That's 1-3-8-534-4-4-4-4-11. No forget all Neil Deals, subject to credit to Proofless E dealer for details. Halit, Pontiac GMC, they are, make no mistake about it. Pro-fessional grades. Oh, you're supposed to be a 5-6-1. You, AM. He's got a big heart on. If you like Monster Garage and junkyard wars, you'll go 8-0 show on Animal Planet, monkey garage. Let's show that but stangest hours, those are the hands of angry teammates. This week, no one is team of Master Monkey Mechanics, only 5 days that you're missing, around 10. So, the deal with the monkeypox is some asshole had a, a Gambian rat as a pet. And a Gambian rat bit one of those poor little nice Prairie dogs and give it to monkeypox. And then the Prairie dogs started like hanging around with people by the mispets and they started past along the monkeypox. Here we go, here's some for you too. No, so you're right, it was the Gambian rat after all. And who, why would you want a Gambian rat? They, they showed it on TV this morning on the news. It's a rat, it's a big asshole rat. Big ass rat. So kind of thing you want to kill not bring home as a pet. I'd rather have a copy borrow myself. Oh my god, big RNA needs some help. It says my place to be would say I thought that was a pretty simple question but I always think that animal is wrong. I placed this sea would be Fenway Park in Boston when the Yankees were playing and the Yankees would be to crap out the red socks. Well, that's nice to be Arne, but it's got absolutely nothing to do with what we're talking about. The poll today is about like a city about a state even about a country of place, not a ballpark, not an event. Does he get it? No, it's pretty straightforward. New Zealand's winning hand down but who I catch enough. Now that you took my way off of there. I guess Aris probably never been to Hawaii. How do you know? I don't think he's been there. You're asking me, I've time you talk to him a couple minutes. 10 seconds. New Zealand 25, the one place you've never been to that you must see me for your croak before they stick your ass in the box. 78 votes, not too many because we don't have enough places on here. New Zealand 25, Hawaii 19, Cuba 9, 9. You don't want to either one of you probably took you can get a help of package deal. Been there done that. No, you haven't not as an adult. No. You could go to Toronto and of course we wouldn't let you out of the airport because you might have something contagious. But then you could fly right from there to Havana. How do you press it? Oh, Cuba 9 and maybe you could take a side trip to what's the tower Ali on lives? I have to go. Oh come on. Oh. If there's anything worse than a spik it's a useless spik, you know? What's the tower he lives? I'm not going to say that word. What is it? What's some frothy word? Sounds filthy. Camel hump? What? They don't live in camel hump. Don't forget paying the attention to him. What are we going to do with him? I dumped the bitch right now. New Zealand 25, Hawaii 22, Cuba 9, Prague 8. That's where I want to go. That's my vote. Boy, it's bad in this room. I think it's the SARS. No, you're not succumbing to it. No, seriously, the corporate disease in this room every time I come in here, I start coughing and gagging and choking and puking. Maybe it's the obvious. Italy 8, Montana 7 and Tahini 4, out of 84 votes. Italy 8, Italy, the well. Here's a good fact. I like this fact. Are there something in the air in here? Oh my god. Oh, you're laughing. I'm serious. There is something in here. We need to get an exterminator right now. In fact, more. Maybe he left me the poison gas. That's what that was. Maybe he was hiding in this pants. Maybe he sweeds it out of his back. This morning, the poison gas. Because I can smell it. Hmm. So, isn't that something about guilty doing her checks every day and then do it? I even this morning I'm coming to work and I hear they come back from the 730 break and he comes back and I'm thinking, that's a little bit unusual. You never do that. Whoever the lead guy in the show is, he drives the show. He comes back out of the red joins after the break and he's the one that says 735. I can add whatever. And for the last week or two, Galbi has been doing that every day. So, very obviously he is sniffing around. He's looking desperately. There's any openings that he even said this morning. If there's any openings that publisher Walmart, he'll take it. So, I guess it's not a very well-kept secret. So, that makes it easy. See, the thing about Moe is he always denies the obvious. Today's Monday. Well, no, I have you know. It's, you know, he always denies the obvious. You're going to lie about something. Why about something that nobody really knows the answer to? Right? That'd be a good place to start. Yeah. Like, I think he's about 66. Well, I'll have you know, I'm not so, you know, your age. We don't know your age yet. When is that swing? Others you have come on. There's an old cocker and old Jew. Just came in with our food. Don't I don't breathe too heavy in here because there's something bad in ours. I think they planted something in the room and then they're going to blame me for bringing SARS back. Monkey SARS. We aren't exporting SARS, okay? It's all in the hospitals of everything. It's the coast is clear. It says, I used to think the most pathetic callers to show what a one's at home on the phone for hours just to insult you or Georgia say something stupid. But the truly pathetic ones that are one's who apparently can pick their own nose without calling you to find out how you pick your nose. In other words, Neil, how do you attack to buffet? Or Neil, tell me what to do in Vegas? Or Neil, why do you like Amsterdam? Or Neil, why don't you like Amsterdam? Or Neil, I was thinking of having a live can you tell me what to do? I can't stand those callers as this fact. So I guess what? Oh, what a coincidence. And we have the great misfortune of having them live in South Florida. Why in Earth did you come back from Toronto? If you like to sweat, I'm sure there are steam bats in Toronto. Well, speak of the bats. Good. A couple of days ago, I saw a very interesting show on one of those discovery channels and it was about Pompey. Do you want to go to Pompey? Yeah, actually. I do. At least you won't pay any big crowds. And they showed the ancient well actually they scut I don't know how they got over to the Coliseum. They showed something about the Coliseum. And about the bats that they had underneath the Coliseum. And I was thinking, oh my god, can you imagine what those Romans were going on in there? They'd be fine. They'd be father of two of jealous making believe that he was born in the wrong era scrubbing a lot of leather, a lot of leathered up the Romans. Make them a stick about it. Oh brother. What did they have to do with Pompey? I'm not really sure but it was on the same show. Sure, they had it going on there too. Maybe that maybe it wasn't really to volcano after all. People with some other kind of eruptions. Squirtin that blew a bigger tad in eruption. Speaking of a tad, here's Jeff Cohen from the pizza law for their food with my lunch. Thank you so much. Nice to see you. All right. Yeah, good. Oh, Jesus. If you want to just fill that that would have been a disaster. And he dropped my fork on a floor, you're an idiot. But you knew look a lot better without that. You look good as matter fact. You look almost human now. He's cleaning up his act. People used to start vomiting when they'd walk in. They knew the food was great, but they'd see him and then they'd see the how about let me see your fingernail. Oh, I am so proud of this man. You know what? Clear. All of it. I don't care if he's painting his fingernail. He's trying to keep that image up. You know, he wants to get all of both sides of the fence. And more ways than one. Is that what it is? Don't sit down there by the way because I'm not going to open my because you'll say something filthy on the ear again. We're not we're not putting anybody on ear anymore. Even though George keeps inviting people in that I don't want here. Where I love who? I'm not I'm not because you're up in an intention. Oh, I don't remember. Well, my inviting in here that you don't want in here. Anybody anybody that you would invite in here is always somebody I don't want. When I do want somebody in here, it's lost cause. What are we going to do about you? I jumped the bitch right now. 567560, pound 560. So how's business? You have house things in plantation? That's the big question. Yeah. Are you serious now? Takes time to build up like it. It's a bad location because nobody can see it from the street. I'm talking with my mouth full. Good sausage here, man. Greater. Tieded sausage a little bit of light sauce from heavy cheese. Hmm. This is what I need to clean that damn disease out of my throat. Whatever is in this room. So I guess you must have heard about the Joe Rose Moe conflict. Didn't hear about it. How about we'll be playing that again a few minutes? Evidently, uh, Gully is getting ready to bail out in that morning. Show now that they shoved it back into the middle of the night. We got these making a lot of air checks. We're going to get that out of here. Brother getting's good. Can't stand moan. No, Moe, which you can hear right here. And so now, evidently, Joe was talking about that Saturday. Joe Rose being the good guy that we all love the former dolphin number 80. Joe is great. See even Jeff Cohen likes see if we had to take sides. I don't want my start to push anybody in a direction against Moe. But Jeff just said, didn't you hear him say? He's over to had a two size. He takes Joe Rose any day. Joe Rose is awesome. See there you go. I rest my case. Oh, say if you're going to if you're going to take issue with people like the beast with the underlings. Yeah, nobody cares about that. You know? You want to start picking on Robert Greeper or poor fat sack. Nobody really is going to go to back for them. But when you deal with the big time, you know, when you deal with like, oh, good Joe Rose. And the Humper. Well, then you're treading on some real fat ground. You know, I'm talking and like for real. Like that thing about don't you ever can buy a dress on the air. Don't you emm and then he denied it. Why do people lie like crazy? See, and of course those are the people always pull their stuff behind the scenes. Be sure. See with us, we come on here. We lay it right out there for I don't hold any of it back. If I don't like somebody else tell you if I like somebody, I'll let you know. Like Jeff Cohen is a good guy. Okay. Can be a little bit of a pain in the ass. Be a good guy. Great. Great food. Well, by the way, don't give any free food to what's his name anymore. No, no, seriously. I want to ask you a question. This is the honest. No, I don't speak to him anymore. I don't want to do with them. I don't care. I don't want you to give them the no more free food based on me. Good. Start charging right. Look at that. I just mungle over regular price plus 50%. To make up. Yeah. So instead of a 50% price for him, do you have 150%. You're not listening to me. I get I opened your mic up even though I got to do a break here. I don't want any more free. What is that? I haven't seen that yet. Yeah. Look at the package. I'm a sport in there. Man, I only wish. Holy cow. What is this? What is in the sound of this? This yours? Troy handed that in here. Well, what what does this already? I've just got through doing the spot. He hands me to do the lights stuff. And he I just got through this by this Trace Bradford man. He's just the same same as he always was. He's a good guy. But there's two problems with Troy. Okay, no, what they are. That's it. But I like Troy. He's a good guy. You know Trace Bradford? No, I'm with a magnifying glass, you know. This is what they give me for copy and it's a jerk of a place. See Jeff. He'd even Jeff is telling you now. What a joke it is. Can I go to the spot and we'll talk about you're not giving any free food to the murmurs anymore. If you want, I'll even tell the story on here again. About the Toronto experience where he drove me about 75 miles. We could have been to Rochester by the timing. Got through driving to a deli the the size of this room. Where the food was from. Hunger. And the ambience was from hunger. And then finally when a check came, he passed over to me just like he was passing down a vingo card at a vingo game. Just passed it right on down the line. And then how it comes to good plans to me taking his whole family and even strangers. It sounds girlfriend, which I don't even know who the hell she is to Ruth Chris. Yeah. This is a way some people go through life is on somebody else's tab. That's the way it'll come back in a certain way. Do the break then you can rip by your friend Rimmer. No, but the idea because somebody is my friend, you should feed them for free is bad. Anybody anybody I know charge a mixture. Two minutes till noon. No seriously. You're in business to make a living not to like entertain my I'm not doing that Steve King crab Mr. Ego. Oh, well, I'm a friend of Neil good. Oh, it's double. Whatever the price is out of menu triple right now. I'll take a great place dial a mattress and a lot of people ask me to sleep on a mattress from dial a mattress in the answer is yes. In fact last night I had a great night sleep on my astonishing mattress in dial a mattress right here in my home in beautiful plantation acres. There number one a customer satisfaction dial a mattress just one easy call which I've been doing for years to 1-800 mattress and you'll believe how simple it is to pick out the perfect bed for you depending on how you sleep upside down sideways inside out. The expert bed and consultants guided through the whole process they couldn't possibly even more helpful a lot of times you go to a showroom and they're not really interested and you they just want to dump whatever they can get rid of. They start steering your toward the house brand or just continued set or mismatch or something nobody would want but a dot of mattress no crap no off-brands they have only the best. Surt a silly Simmons tempered pedic mattresses no sales gimmicks and no false promises either and a dot of mattress they got all a high in beds too like silly's crown jewel and the top bottles from every brand all that unbeatable everyday low prices too. Believe me do yourself on your back a big favor call in order your new mattress the easy way with one quick call 1-800 mattress MATT-RES. You should ask about the company change policy too. If you're not completely satisfied with the standard for it with no questions as probably supposing it free set up free removal and get to choose the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule nobody in the universe could just service like this. Make that one easy call right now you'll be sleeping like a baby tonight. Dilemma at Chris at 1-800 mattress 1-800-MAT-T-RES No my This is what's when you'll find city But you can call me healthy whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. That's what you need to be a home. Jesus suffer from occasional stress. Now there's relief with relaxer and just one relaxer in a day and your world is at ease. Relaxer and gentle natural. Use only as director. One daily use of relaxer and may cause bleeding ulcers. lesions osteoporosis and let proceed. Cadrex blindness gastrointestinal bleeding. Explosive vomiting severe diarrhea and headaches. Loss of air burning skin. Hepatitis loudwaring in ears leading to deafness. Bones integration. Pussy balls and warts. Face-disfiguration blinds and sunnies. Unloss of limbs. Acosis paranoia. Voices and hands Insatiational bugs crawling on skin. Loss of appetite. Loss of breath choking. Impossible. So for occasional daily stress to get you feeling back to yourself again. You can feel confident with relaxer. No, I don't. It's a 12.04. Jessen, right me. Come by. Need for free and I won't. How much how much are gonna feed me in one way? Not, but you can I pay triple? Anyway, how would you like maybe I'll take like 10 people I don't order the Ruth Chris instead? And I'll pay for it. I can I go. No, I know you. I know them. I'm not taking them. I know them. Seriously, what? You know what? What is the logic? Don't try to change this subject because you're sucking them out with a murmur. What is it you didn't even know who he was? Am I right? I want you to tell the truth. Don't be like moe and start telling tales on here. This is the honest show we wanted her to. I didn't know who he was. In fact, when I saw him on TV calling the game, I called him up and said I had no idea how professional you are because he did such a great job on That has nothing to do with what you're talking about. No, but I've never had an issue. I'm not gonna knock his reveries or free and even when he gets to discount he always says no, it's not necessary and everything. His wife is a wonderful person. His wife is great. If it's free, it's me. Yeah. That's his mono. If it's me, I'll give you a great place to have an inexpensive state near your house. By the way, Jeff Cohen says everybody who listens to the show is Jewish. And say everybody. You said most of he just got your number sandwich. You said most of the people listen to the short Jews. Maybe the go aim don't like you. I don't know. Maybe that could be it. Maybe they see it like huh? Yeah, you like him because he gives you free food and it's what's what it was. It was a sense of today's sensational. Hmm. He's almost as good as what I get in Toronto. I'm a good friend besides the pizza locked in plantation on Nathil and sunrise Boulevard. I want to hear a good place near your house. Yeah, yeah. The original steakhouse snowen burgers. Have you been in there? No. How old smelly burger? 18 bucks. Is there really a place called Shmellon burgers? He's involved in it. Yeah, it's called snowen burgers. He and I had an episode of years ago. Really? Well, when I was doing you in baseball, that's years ago. Years ago. Right. And he was the coach. Football coach. And they had the U of M old timeers game. What do you old time? Randy Garra all the guys used to play for the hurricanes a few years before came and played the regular team. Exhibition game. I remember those. That's a long time. It was on a Saturday. And what do they do? So they have the what do they call the spring skirmish game? The hurricane game. The whatever they call it. I think it's about spring skirmish. Well, I mean like the admissions states are green and white game. Whatever like that. Right. So they scheduled at the same time. And so needless to say our attendance at the baseball game was a fraction of what it should have been. And usually was because in those days you know Ron Fraser was there. We had gigantic crowds. And it was not good. And so I went on a year in my show Monday. And I was ripping that. Mick Irner maybe it was during the broadcast. I think we broadcast the game. We did all the UM baseball games. And I ripped them in ass. So this is not intelligent thing to be doing is competing with yourself for fan support. So Monday afternoon I'm at home the phone rings. I pick up the Mr Rogers. This is Howard Schnellard Burger. Yeah. And you have a problem with us? Yeah. True story. I said yes. And I pulled him what it was. And while in the future I'd appreciate if he had passed that talk with me direct instead of saying these things on the air. And that was the end of then. That's the only In cover of our head with Howard Schnellard Burger. I've never met him. Seeing him and never met him. He's a hard ass. So anyway for eight. I mean he might be a great guy but he's a hard ass. He smokes a pipe and he anybody that cleanses a pipe real tight in their teeth. They're uptight. You know what I mean? I haven't seen pipe smokers for years. I'm surprised they're just ah! Bigger. Oh my god I can't believe he just said that. Oh for example you I guess you don't hang out with Mo. Jorge fills in for the pipe smoke of this morning at nine o'clock. Okay. No. Then no. See, we didn't even know what he meant by that would you. Nope. Jorge fills in for the pipe smoke of this morning at nine o'clock. That's just Mo's way of being a funny dirty old homophobic fart and you didn't even get it. You didn't even understand it. Oh now that now it's ahhh now it's starting to fit in. Yeah. Okay, now what were you saying about Schnellard Burger? We're just talking for 18 bucks at somewhere on there. You got a nice big filet mignon every time I've had it. It's cooked right the first try which to be is important. Comes with vegetables, salad, a potato, whatever it is and it's awesome. And so I'm spoiled now because there is it on a clearing in uphill. Really? Cleary in uphill. Yeah. There's a real restaurant in Navajo and Cleary. Yeah. It's a sport sparrish kind of place. They have right. They don't give you the menu on a football do you? No, they have regular tables away from the bar completely separate. Are you talking to that thing because you're like off mic? You got to put your mouth right on it. Oh, Hank said his mouth is not on the wall. I don't know what I'm going to do when Hank probably got similar taste. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, possibly. Yeah, we could probably get in trouble together. But um, no, I don't want to go out and spend 35 bucks for a steak that I could get there for 18. With all my money. You're making good. I got like you just making big bucks. It's got a $600,000 house. No, you're talking years ago, dude. Before you got divorced and I taken the cleans. Yeah, yeah. I'm just your average Joe trying to raise a family. When you got kids in school and they're all the bills going on and taxes and everything that's going on here. You know, there's nobody with a lot of money anymore. This this fact is actually rabbi, George. This is ridiculous. Good. Well, package. Alame sandwich. Okay. Well, pack you a Gambian rat. A kosher one. Here's a facet about that after the break. Um, I'm in fact. I think we're going to prove a point to Jeff. At most of our listeners are going. We'll prove it in a minute. The giant Gambian rat is a marsupio that looks like a rat. They used to be in the remake of Ben or Willard or whatever. Oh, they used to use Gambian rats in those movies. Remember Willard? You ever see that in that Willard Ed Ben and the remake. The Michael Jackson and that's what I think Michael Star going off just a little bit. Start giving two closer than little or three things. And I think he's there. Go off the deep end right at that point. Anyway, let me do a break. What am I doing here? Oh first you don't want to talk about this because it's Todd Rexicon. We all know about Todd Dreck Don't wait. 10 minutes past noon at 5.60. The WCWM don't forget we got their hurricanes and a girls team Southwest Missouri state come up into a clock from Omaha. It's door die. If by some bad stroke, a lot they lose today. They come home with their tail like a more Suplial rat right between your legs. You were really embarrassing and bad news. You didn't notice by the way that the hurricanes lost 13 to two in the marlins on the same night lost to Texas 13 to two. Do you notice it? Shocked and unhappy. But forgetting about unhappy and shocked, but isn't that one the most bizarre coincidences? Yeah. How low can they go folks now the financial first of all he doesn't know from a pipe smoke right now. He's like uh you're enthusiasm is just you know something he fits in perfect in this town. I come back here. I've been away for two months. I think, oh the phone is going to ring off the hook. It's going to be exciting. We had to big blow up with Joe Rose and mold where we can and I might as well be talking about and then into this 10 thing here. The lunch is great. So by the way. Here's my question again. How low can those interest rates go? Now financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest finance rate you've ever heard of. How low 1.95%. That's true now. You can refinance your homer buy new homer get a super low 1.95% financing with the natural group. Call them till free and find out how this works. Call 1-800-940-00 That's 1-800-940-00 and if you even think about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group 1-800-940-00 and you talk about savings. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are only 360-8 If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay only 736 a month. So confidential group. If you're looking for 1.95% interest rates are all time low and now's the time to make that call. 1.95% from financial group 1-800-940-00, that's 1-800-940-00 and D. There were an equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply and rates of due change monthly. 5.19 apo. 5.19 apo. Hi, this is Hillary Clinton. I hope when you run out to buy my book, you won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat-**** swinging under my skirt. But you can't blame Bill, he certainly not gay. I just had the credentials every politician needs to be a wife of convenience and it's pretty much ended with that. Bill is such a horned dog. He probably would have never noticed I had man like and Chelsea, well if you buy my book, you can meet all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhardt and our lunch aisle. Now I wasn't born in a Democrat, I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tip O'Neill. So buy my book now because I can never have enough. If you order a copy today, I will personally autograph the all-newed scratches and fold out. What are you talking about? Are you on drugs? They're in drugs in the other room. Time for a raid. We're going to change the poll because I want to you know, Jeff made a comment to me that most of the people are coming from this show to eat in his finest establishments are Jewish. He said, you know, most of your audiences do a shit, so no they're not. How many times do we don't know as religious polls? About 30. Yeah, we're going to do one more time. 10% or so it comes out. It's always about 10%. Which is more than the general population, but it's certainly not a lot of people think this is a just because it's a Jew radio station. We got Moan Gildi. For all is like the token goi. You got Hank. You got me. You got eddy K. All the all the stringers. Beast Josh. Jim Manich. Joe Rose. Right. Right. Carlos Sanchez. Beiner boy. All Jewish boys. Setsburg. Josh. What's his name? Cortis. Cortis. He's a going. No he's not. Yeah, he is. I checked his Jewish. Not a hurry. So what work changed the poll? Let me show you the results of this one. It just didn't make him. It just didn't go over. Plus they were busy here talking anyway. 185 votes. What's the place you've never been to that you must see before you croak? I thought that's a pretty interesting question. Huh? Vietnam. Vietnam? Why do you want to see that? It has something to do with sex again. Is that all you know? It's just Christ. All this man knows is getting laid. That's the only thing he knows, which is why he's our kind of guy. But even so what does Vietnam have? I don't want to hear. I don't want to hear about it. I know it's going to be a bad question and even worse answer. Yeah, he's saying you're right. No, I know him. Okay from a long time this man Hawaii 43. But and believe me, why is beautiful? You ever been there? breathtaking and you know people say what you live in Florida? Why would you want to go to the beaches? I mean, I was going to ask you that was so silly. It's so ridiculous. The beaches there are so clean. And a water and a Pacific Ocean is not only much warmer, but it's so clear. You could see like almost to the bottom. I mean, it's just unbelievable. Even different than the Bahamas. I would go to the Bahamas if you paid me by the second. I never vented the beaches. Okay, so I'll plenty of beaches, but I was there with the beaches in the Bahamas. That place is the biggest rip off. The biggest scam. This is one of the biggest things that's wrong with South Florida is the Bahamas. If they would just take the whole Bahamas and sink it like Atlantis? No, it's here. Am I right? Look, we then we'd have to get casino gambling. And Mickey Urus and couldn't keep hopping up all the canbers on his damn 40-millimeter cruise ships where everybody keeps dying all the time. We wouldn't have to worry about that. And then this place could go somewhere. Oh, no, the Bahamas want they treat you like crap. The Royal Bahamian hotel in Nassau. This is years ago. In fact, it's so many years ago. It was back on W. Snoos before even you were a sponsor before. When I looked like a cow, right? Like, which picture? What were the big penis? I'd ever had a big penis. Okay. I'm sorry. I did. I was very jealous. Anyway, how when we got to get that mode picture runner, the new one? Well, we're working on the contest at this point. We're working on the couple's contest, but I think he might qualify. Just all by himself. So anyway, the Royal Bahamian hotel, it's in a middle of the summer time. It's 145 degrees in the shade. And forget about the fact that on the cruise ship on the trip over there, the ship is heaving and we're heaving and they end just everybody is puking their guts out in seasick. And we finally get there. The cab ride from the hotel because you know, it was like from about here to the wall back there. A 30 bucks ride. That's right. How much for the cab, man? Where are you going? Oh, about right over there you sit. About 30 man. Yeah, where would it have led is? I'm about two more blocks. About 30 man. And then we in the hotel, everything was like wet dog. You know what I mean by wet dog? No, it was seriously like wet game being red. Mill dude, like my apartment announced it Oh, no, you're home. Come. You don't want to go back there because it sucks because it's oldie and moldy old and moldy. Okay? By the way, you got a good friend that can't go back to Amsterdam. Do you know that he slept at a homeless shelter tonight? I don't want to say the name on the ear. No, wrong fact guy. I don't want to say the name on the ear. I didn't say it on that. I don't want him on the ear. We got no problems with him already. Just got massive problems. You know, sometimes in life you push things a little bit too far. You're in me. Wanting to push to you know to stand up for what you believe in to make a point. But as you become older, hopefully you'll learn from your mistakes. But sometimes you become older. You get a little bit like you're pointing with your finger making round, you know, crazy emotions for me. Now what do that have to do with my so anyway, the walls and the carpeting are soaked from the humidity because there's no wheel air conditioning. And he's so tough. Now this granted was years ago, but even so when you have experience like that, you're not going back. You're not going back. And the sheets, you get into bed at night and the sheets are soaked. It's like you just took the sheets out of the washing machine soaked and you haven't even done anything on them yet. And they're already wet. You don't want to say it's just I'm sorry. So what were we saying before to the Bahamas? You said, um, but going, oh, so we're going to change the pool. Here's the result. Hawaii 45 New Zealand 43 Italy 35 Cuba 25 you'll be sorry to he need 24 Montana 13 prog 13. That's what I voted for. I want to go to prog and Omaha one. That's a good choice out of 200 votes. That's not a bad choice. Let's change the pool for Jeff Cohen's sake. In fact, we'll get some calls from some goyum. No, because you, you're, I can't believe that you really believe that. That's what did you say? What do you say about 70% of the audience is Jewish? I think so. Based on one, based on the people I see come in the restaurant that mentioned your name. And they're all Jewish. About six. Scott Collins 60 to 70% Rimmer. How about how about somebody to be like, how about anybody that pays, how about anybody that pays full price? Everybody pays full price. If our people come in and mention your name and I say, he told me whenever anyone mentions name put part of his tab on your check to help whittle it down. Who knows? They don't know anybody. Are you a customers? They don't go for it. So let's do the pool again. How are we going to do this? I know Eric's going to your really upset because this would be our third pool in one day. Two better. Two bad. Work on some of that fact. Give it seat. The Jewish people aren't going online to do the pool. So that's not going to be accurate anyway. You really believe that. Yes. This is the same man That doesn't know about typesporkers. And he's telling me about what Jews do. There isn't a Jew in this town. Don't have a computer or unless there will be a Jew of 100. But they're all at work today. Sarah Goldberg. Sarah Goldberg. She's a gold card. Probably one. He just don't know how to work it. Probably Harry was going to buy it for it. He made that trip. Could you see that movie? Requiem for her. Oh, I said movie. Sorry. Did you see that? I don't remember. That was the right answer. Yeah. Hmm. I want to the Eagles concert and you could ask me the songs they played. I don't remember. Yeah. Some I know is great. So let's find out from this audience. How are we going to do the pool? I know you're busy with a half couple of contests. But at the same time you don't have to screen the calls. He's sitting in that chair. You're looking on a bright side. You got that big check in your pocket. It's not any good. But you know, you feel like you got some money? No, that's an older kind. I closed that already. I just want you to feel like you're rich for one day. What is he bad one of them? Thanks for the birthday present and bonus. What does that mean? What was his birthday present? Your check. Oh, it was both. Oh good. Then I guess I'll save the other one. There wasn't any other one. Okay. Now I shut up. Now how are we going to do this pool? Come on. We're doing a radio show here. I feel like we're, uh, you went heel right at it and uh, and there it is. What do you mean in there it is? Carlsyl type it up. Why is your what? What we're looking at are you? Over religion? What did you think it was? What do you think we were talking about? I don't know. She's size. Get man. If there's anybody in this audience who believes that anybody who's working here today has penned any attention anything that I'm saying. Guess what? You're wrong. And that's okay. We're having like a little party. You know, Neal's back in Talah's have a party before you said what are you and then you just wrote a whole bunch of stuff. What are you and now what what religion are you? I mean, let's I mean, what are you? We could have like category asshole. We'd have a lot of hosts for that. Then Mo would get out there. There's a guy's got a computer. Mo, he's got one. I'm sure. He probably is checking out some of those pictures like swinging mo. I can't wait to we will get that out today. Right Carlos. When he sees swinging mo, believe. They'll be in heaven. It'll be a real a real treat. What religion are you? Jewish Catholic Protestant Protestant Protestant Mormon 17th Adventist. It should be what what religion. Where you born Buddhist because some people that do. You can do Muslim. 80th. Right. No, not religion. Are you born? What does that mean? Because what is up on my. Some other point. You're saying is that somebody comes in your restaurant. They got a big nose automatically. You're assuming their Jewish. Not at all. Even though they may have converted to Catholicism and they have like a big crucifix around it. But I'm on fixed the big nose. Just like you get a nose jump? 20 years ago. That was before I knew you. Well, it looks much better. Thank you. How do I know how it looks? Plus I don't really care. Okay, so that's the new pool and I will work. Who's that online? 12. Batline. It's a facts. Oh, is that? Why do we get faches on a batline? We get them on every other line just auto fax. Is that what they? Yeah, I pay them on that. You know, I get those in Toronto. On my fax machine, I get uh, a solution called not very many. Thank God. I'm my phone. And the pre-recorded soliciting calls are even worse. Pre-recorded soliciting calls. You answer your phone and it's a recording. Yeah. Thank you for taking a lot of those last time I phone. That was long as it takes to hang out about two seconds. Yeah, but it's a payment actually got to stop what you're doing and answer the phone. So we want some not just Jeff's client. Tell them we want to prove this audience is more than just a few old Jews. See you're living in the past. You're living back in my WS News days when I didn't even know you when you were even around. Wasn't born yet on my KT days when we're on the the Jewish station to sell the Miami Beach station. And our sales manager used to say, can we stop people calling us the Jewish station? You stay a bit about that. And our sponsors were like the famous restaurant, you know, and uh, a bunch of Jew places because all we had was like 80 and 90 year old Jews. Of course the said part of that is now they're all dead. There's more to take their place old Jews. By the way, Jeff's got a special for all the old Jews out there's got an early bird starting next week. Sure. Not. But why don't you why don't you have the balls to say that you don't want any early birds your prices are ready very reasonable. Anybody comes into any free loaders. Yeah. And look, look, if I discovered you haven't early bird. Yeah. Absolutely. Huckermann, it's not in my copy. You know, I can't write everything there. I'm busy writing the copy. I'm not a by isn't that in there. See, I'm sitting here making a joke out of it. You've been a sponsor mine for 50 years. Maybe not 50, but I'm not a third man. And I don't even know you have an early bird dinner, which is probably the only reason I'm speaking to you. Right. You find new you hate a bird. What is it three to five from three to five? You get a free beverage. Oh, I know we're going to be coming in soon for that. For the early bird. What do you get? A free beverage and free ice cream along with your dinner, which comes with anything already every anyway. All our prices are like early bird. You don't need an early bird at pizza loft. If it's free, it's me. Woo. Oh, man. What's what again between three and five? Uh-huh. I guarantee a 301 this afternoon. You're going to be see two of the smileiest faces you've seen in a long time. 28 past noon at five, 60, WQAM. Are you in a dead end job? Is college too expensive and it takes too long. If you could afford $10 a month to commit yourself three nights a week for four months. Fast-tranking up your chief a new hot-pank computer career. That's right only 10 bucks a month. And three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify. Call fast-trane toll free at one eight six six fast-trane with four locations in town is about to be won your value. Call them toll free one eight six six fast-trane speak with the train career counselor. They offer you a day eating weekend schedules. Don't place them in hands on training. Pick up that thing and call fast-trane right now one eight six six fast-trane. Fast-trane's deferred payment is valid for a year regular payment apply thereafter. Whether you're a high school student on some a break, somebody in an underpaid dead end job or just looking to increase your network call fast-trane right now. One eight six six fast-trane or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at fast-trane.com. You can kiss my rear end. I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the year because I think it's important to hear this. Howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get along with great I thought he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up. My point back to Howard is don't listen listen to one on one point five let me see what age group one on one point five for Howard maybe one on two point seven. It's a measly listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station he's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boca Howard from Boca it's like you know it's okay so anyway he's he's listening so just want to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line congratulations you know the private line number that's great but don't call because you're not coming on this show you've got your three hours five to eight Monday through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show and we'll leave it at that all right I got nothing against you you seem like a decent person no and I know you've been getting a taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else is there really so that it's over me and you done nice gone Joel let's hear it oh for the big dog winner hell is name is huh are you got to talk a lot of that and I can pull that thing back over there if you're going to talk okay you like that a lot not good man Joe roaster it's a grand slam it's all about it he had a quite right Joe that's right didn't sing any lows or anything like no he just said that basically when asked hold and don't ever call here again and go find something better to do with all your old uh relatives and get lost nice gone Joe okay let's see I'm going to vote on our pool here and then we'll take some calls with Jeff Colin who give himself some more plugs especially for plantation we want everybody to go out there and enjoy the great new pizza lock plantation right behind Walgreens are not feeling sunrise yep and we deliver and they deliver you do big delivery out there yeah yep still in real well oh are you gonna let me finish this show or not god damn can you vote for me okay here's okay you want not can only vote once I don't vote for you you'll have to go get your I see he's right you don't have computers I have a can of course no I said they're at work during the day they go home that's when they get under computer and you want to use yes and any business for that I mean it's just something all these votes that we get during a daytime on our pool yeah hundreds and hundreds you think all those people are like dead beats I didn't say they were dead yeah I mean you've been most of my audience and with these sessions of a half dozen which we could name them but we won't because you can take their money but uh most of our people are like upstanding how we coming on at how couples contest by the way uh we hope bugging no seriously we're gonna have that on today so people can vote well if we don't do any polls no he's not involved in the poll that's Eric's big uh in between two or three more meetings that's Eric's job for the rest of the day he's already got it up there what religion are you I voted atheist which is right on top of three Catholic too I'm not what your born religion means what you believe in I don't give it his crap it's what you are born man it's genetic you let me worry about what's in my jeans and then they're much okay believe me it's very sad it's really jewed in fact that's probably the only part of me that is jewish oh what a bad break so far in the first six votes which are we lies is just a smattering to start it there are any jews how do you like that they're at work they're not at work they're busy investing right now there's almost six have dinner with the family watch a little TV with the wife then go into their office and look up porn Owen and between the porn his sights they'll go in they'll vote oh no look at that now all of a sudden this thing is yours slow oh that's where he's doing other studies here we go Catholic 10 atheist seven jews six 20 point six percent Protestant four Muslim one and fundamentalist board again Christian one I didn't realize you're gonna put so many fancy fancy what that's good out of the first 29 votes and you'll see that it's gonna go down it's not gonna go up the percentage we'll go down if this is that's man again check it tomorrow q a m jewish line it says tax again what what is that all about all day every day really somebody's got us on auto dialing keep silent back till it goes through well it's never gonna go through it's not a fact line you ask all you idiots go solicitors man those people belong on death room and you know what I actually signed up for the state of Florida thing where they're not allowed to solicitor it's no good still happened yeah of course the live college you know what the bad part of it is the Florida law exempts anybody that you do business with so 95 percent of the calls I get are like American Express or Visa people that you do business with that you have their credit card even if you don't use it right but those people are sitting in if you call up and tell them do not call that usually works well who's gonna take the time to call them up and tell me what I call you got the time to do that I'd I pretty much have done all that already because you've done it and then that yeah yeah and even the live stuff usually has stopped from sought from signing up with the state of Florida but it's the pre-recorded ones that between five and seven you have no because junk has me spyre reports my phone in that house rings like the world is coming to an end well I stopped at dinner time every night you're getting dinner right that's six phone and sometime is late is 930 a freaking night 930 at night would you call like a stranger in 930 at night as holes okay here's our Jewish callers for Jeff Cohen WQA M Jewish line yes sir are you Jewish yes I'm telling you I'm too you're too you're too you're okay all right here's a WQA M hello you 28 no computer you have no computer no computer Neil well I'll tell you Jeff is smiling so much I think he's gonna buy you one thank you no computer cheap now why don't you buy that guy computer you're making a big bucks you can afford it in fact every Jew out there who doesn't have a computer and cable to our pools Jeff is thinking about maybe buying you one he just stopped thinking about this come by the lofty neat and talk to me and I'll tell you where to get one real two and don't forget for Neil Rogers listeners that special 150% of the regular price only for people I know I'm serious don't be given if people anymore just come to you not eat up there something I mean I've never seen you have so much trouble with your food you have you have I don't do I have saw some me no no I'm not gonna fat rich no I will not you see how this thing like you know the the middle I don't want to go into it you know what a site try to do a show eat it the same time talk to your ugly ass and take these calls and orchestrate the poll and hope that being a boy over there is doing something that has to do with a guy name show and I do a lot about a poor no one or again that's why you're and he and any puts time jick as calm on your story boy did that that I still can't get over that why did you do that why did you do that he said it was a good article no it wasn't I read it it sucked I mean the point he made was right but it's so it's a child could say the same thing anybody could have written that the reality show is suck you know was it one of your bedtime stories that had the thing about president Roosevelt there on the war telling it if that's contractors that they couldn't make any extra money when we went to wars yeah I found that very interesting yeah just like now not just like back tell and all these other asshole right that's what I'm saying I used to have my politics now it's very bad never talk politics religion with business you know I'm gonna tell you something I got plenty of time here to a clock we thought we're getting out here at one because of that hurricane game because they got pounded by Texas 13 to one Saturday and we were lied to by our programming people they told us at one then this morning come to find out the game on start till two and if you think it's rough have it a city or try to eat do the show answer the phones watch over what Carlos is doing an interim and then get do a lead in for Joseph Gackie can you even imagine what that's like oh my oh my seriously if there is a worse play by play person in the history of the human race then Joseph Gackie I haven't heard him or her or it I disagree with that I need not one I like you like Joseph Gackie oh my god I can't believe you said oh my god screaming and shrieking I'm just going to go to the scottie for a break we were our spinning and air graved here you see that stick to the pizza okay stick to the good show yeah lunch is delicious now I'm serious stick to something in robot and then he's done this about rumor being a great hockey guy too he's he's okay don't call me rumor I just like the way he's able to talk and smile at the same time he said he teach me how to do that or he'll smile if you just take back the check 1242 at 560 WQAM getting a good night sleep is what it's all about in fact Jeff is probably had some interesting matter stories in his life that he could tell you probably not on the ear though but anyway if you want to get a good night sleep and do in your back a big favor call my good friends at dollar mattress one easy call it's all it takes easiest piece of shopping you've ever had in your life 1-800 mattress and there'll be there in no time at all you picked the time in the day when it's convenient for you who else ever heard of that like the two are one no two to four three to five four to six thirty whatever it might be and they'll be they're not gonna on your day they take away the crappy old bedding and set up the brand new one for free they give a service to likes of which nobody else in the world will give you and they don't probably any off-brands any crap down a macros cells only the best silly in service Simmons tempered know sales gimmicks no false promises and every day unbeatable prices too and they got the high-end beds too like silly's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand in the universe so if your old macros is lumpy bumpy and worn out if maybe you did like a little too much action on it Jeff maybe the answer is a great new mattress some dollar mattress make the call right now there'll be there in no time hey listen to me girl got a mattress some dollar mattress because the other one he was like fall off the edge all night is the same way three of said about it it's a great way to go I'm not asking is say that without you know what did you ever get a I ever get a mattress some dollar mattress I want an honest answer no why not because I haven't had to get a new match well when you have you haven't had a new mattress no you must be all getting your action on the outside I'll get action anymore I worked in call yeah call 1 800 mattress right now and see what we're talking about 1 800 mA TT RAS and be sure and tell me Jeff Cole and Tony Nicole my my my my love this is 425 try not to romance up but she just said no oh my she said she rather strap on the padre did not have to be all I want to love her I'm a I mean, as far as he tried to use the tag in two, what does that mean? Nothing. Don't you give many black people coming to your final establishment? Sure. Yeah. That's all based on the neighborhood that you're in. Right. David is a much more eclectic neighborhood. Eclactic? Yeah. You get cowboys coming in. We're like cowboys here. There's the dances, the western dances, and the people with these like awesome outfits on those. Maybe they'll throw away in real matters. You specialize in pizza light. There you go. Huh? Something to think about. But anyway, too late now. Jessica sends a fact in Georgia's going to be really upset about this. Because Jessica knows that I'm here and I can reach over and get the facts as we're at off the machine. So glad your back in town says, Jessica, I fast you several times in the past few weeks, but that drooling waste of seam in Georgia never. Never. Never extended to you. That's a great line, Jessica. That drooling waste of seam in. I guess it's because you can't handle criticism. I was wondering if Georgia says wooden as he sounds because he has no personality on the ear, especially when you're on. Jessica, that's Chris. He won't. What is it? It's Chris. That's a guy. That's his stick every day. He only gives. I can't read that. Or both boards of sarcasm that are neither clever nor funny. I was wondering if he's instructed to give his little and put his possible when you're at the wheel because as you would say, he's having ponderous. Please, Neil, I'm begging you to have George not saying anything on the ear. Love Jessica. PS, are you. Are you something that you're really not the straight. Are you sure not really the straight guy and that asshole George is gay. The voice of his would make liberal arts. He's son but it's not about his back. It's one of these. Yeah. It's a chronic facts. You're okay. Chris, you're not fooling anybody in Georgia knows you hate him. It doesn't care. And we like Georgia a lot sometimes. And leave him alone. He's going to be doing that for real voice. I'll say long. I can only see you think I'm joking. It increases his personality by a lot. It doesn't hurt a lot. By a lot of times. But third man. Yeah. I mean, granted when he doesn't use an voice when he's using his own voice, he's about his boring. He's been all putting. But when he puts on a for real voice, he's like, you know, kind of like for real light. One religion are you. That's our third poll of the day today. Each or hard out. Clarence. I mean Josh. Wrong. What's his name again? Josh. What? Court of Sino. I see I just keep. Just to keep you on your toes. Okay. What religion are you? Catholic 39. atheist 30. atheist one. God third man. Jew 21. Catholic 30. That's our Hispanic crowd out there. Right? Showed up. And they believe that. Yeah. And they believe that. Yeah. And they believe that. You know, don't you think I've done a few of these polls my time with. We've done that. And I was shocking to me of the atheist. Negnausdics. Most of them before were Christians. Not Jews. I would have thought that too. Jew. Jewish 22. That's 15.9%. And you're saying 70%. You got a long way to go here. Agnausdic 21. Protestant seven. Buddhist two. Do you have any Chinese people coming? You. Very few. Not too many here. We'll send some down from Toronto. I'd like that. Fundamentalist board again. Christian two. Wicken two. We got some witches out there. Do you have any wickens coming? I don't know that they've had that. Maybe they come out there. They never have. They never have. They never have. They never have. They never have. They never have. They never have. They never have. They never have. Assimilation and rumors. Muslim Law & Christian side is one. Mormon seventy of partely of sciences into zero so far, before Sovereier Umph disturbs him in 348. Do you have a more and more women writing,   scattert scr examining your stomachs. Sweats? No. A regular sport bike. Really? Getting to be a big thing. That article in the paper, that is about a week ago. What business you're interesting? I don't really have a. On holiday and have acade like this. But that is the problem with the. No. Strait women, I'm motorcycles. professionals, young or old? I hope you think it's like Jan A wedding day eating a power spinner. Yes you're concentric. I'm concerned. you're so bad. These are the sport bikes. In fact, I can see your drive-in through the Gates Assistor jeans joint. Can't you see that? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T. Jeff is looking for some Jews out there to do business with. Oh, if there's looking for anybody to do business with. And if you want to send some pictures, we'll see what kind of business he's talking about. WQAM. Hey, you may think I'm crazy. When I say this, but I know I- Are you crazy or what? Kind of. I'm kind of crazy. I know a great pole would be when mode dies, which part of his body would you want? I bet his wig would get the most full. Ha ha ha ha. Oh man, you're bad. We're taking it. Take it out. Um, I had a pole. I had a choice for your pole. Well, I wish a pilot like which place would I like to be? And where would that be? So, what the playboy mentioned? Okay, thank you so much. He didn't get it either. That's okay. He didn't understand it. Not kind of like a building. Okay, not a ballpark, not a building. A place, a city, a state, a country, a joint. By the way, you know to speak in the joints to round or the cops don't have an affinity because there's no laws anymore. It's in limbo until he finalized the decriminalization. Oh, seriously, there was a story on on Saturday, I believe. But what was where they showed kids actually, reasonly, not only smoking, but blowing the smoke toward the cops. I mean, not right in their face, but blowing it out of them because they know they can't do anything because there's no laws on the books. So they're not even writing the tickets now because they decriminalization takes still in limbo. Oh, that's the politicians fault. What do you mean by that? That's not that. I mean, that's that's ridiculous. How people out on the streets don't that. decriminalization is one thing. Wait. I like saying I want to make this be a lot the audience to know that this man's legs are crossed. His eyes are crossed. His fingers are crossed. That even his testicles are crossed right now. He's sitting on a chair. Not true. But I'm not sure. I understand there's anything wrong with it. And I like the criminalization and everything else. But I'm just saying to have people out on the street corners, whether it's drinking alcohol, smoking dope or not. They're not drinking alcohol. They're not drinking alcohol. Right. Okay. Well, they should be smoking. They're out there. Why not? Because it's just like cigarettes, smoking anything else. Your father. You're putting it on. So, other people are smoking outside now that's bad too. If it's in a surrounding where there's other people. out on the streets. People walking down the street. Okay. And there's other people. You're smoking a camel. You're being a real macho man and you're puffin' away outside. What's there vizis a make? I don't want to breathe it. Yeah. Choke on it. Yeah. And of course we got all those to make up for the SARS people that cut scared away all the pussies that wouldn't come into Rhino anymore because they get all panicky because they don't understand the news to make up for that. All the fast moll over the world are coming to get married in Toronto now. That's right. I saw that on that. That is correct. See, I'm the stay and now a good part of the year in a place where it's like progressive and you're like a lot into a place where we're taking gigantic steps back into the stony. Right. That should have legalized gambling. Should have legalized gambling. Should have like gay marriages. We should have a free dope for everybody. Legalized prostitutes. You have to say that off. Might we all believe in that. Legalized prostitution. Look at what it works. Look at the way this station goes. My god. I can't think of a more above bigger but you're prostitutes and all of us have worked on this place. And I lead the pack. And I'm proud of it. That money goes right to the bank. What religion are you? I just keep mentioning this because you're open for that Jewish never to go away. It's not going to change that much tomorrow morning. It'll be different. Maybe not what I'm going to be less. Now what I thought that I think it'll go up. It'll be less. Okay. You know your balls better than me. You've done this many times. I'm going to be a man. He's all of a sudden not always he'd have pizza expert in the garlic roll expert. He's the goddamn demographic expert grasping for straws because you're full of crap. And I this is a good education to you. Okay, which is a good sign. It's a good sign. It's good. You want it a why? Because you've you've got to Jews rounded up now for business. Now you need to go after the go I am. There you go. See? Look at all the other potential business we got out there waiting for the great food of the pizza love. Which is turning like an hour and a half commercial. Which is fine with me. I don't care. We haven't mentioned a twice. What? Maybe twice. What the pizza love to maybe in a one on the corner or not. We'll have some rise in plantation beyond Walgreens that you can't see from the street for the food is great. Right. Right. And both deliver and cater. Can't open for long catering. Can't like 51. 80 is 41. Agnostic 31. See it is. Agnostic 72 is see that's my crowd. Thinking intelligent people who come here because they know this is the only show in America where they can come and get the truth. Jew 27 is 15.6%. That's not changing too much. Going down a little bit. If you take the agnostic out of there. How high is it? I'm going to start telling stories in a minute. Any minute. I'm going to tell her. I don't mean anything anyway. That's what you think. That's what you think. We'll let the audience decide about that. All right. I think we'll let you go now because we got one to two. I like my kids up at camp. I got to pick your kids up at summer camp. Yeah. And go make some go make the runs. Good if you go in in there. You'll be great. Okay. We got plenty of going. Summer time. Summer time. Go eat at the pizza love. Tell me you know Jeff Ramorow. It'll be 200% off the regular price. I'm about above the regular price. By the way, go dolphin. So we'll be great to share. You heard it here. I'm going to tell you right now that the patriots are going to win the division in a rump. No way. Hands down. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. A bit a week's worth of smoke. You'll see. You only hope that the dolphins have is that Brian Greasy gets in a real early. Jay Fiedler is great. Guy was injured last year, man. You can't play injured. I understand he's Jewish. That's. That's. Has nothing to do with it. He can't. And you know what it isn't just the quarter. The doc anymore. He never go to a Super Bowl with Jay Fiedler. Quarterback. Right at that. Right at that. Not only will they not win a Super Bowl. They will never win a Super Bowl. They will never win a Super Bowl. Be in one with Jay Fiedler. Injuries is the only hit. He tries hard. See what I'm saying? He tried. He's an overachiever, but he don't have it. He's not a great athlete surrounded by an awesome group now. Well, good luck. You Jeff. Nice seeing you. Good out here. 1258. You're just like Jimmy Johnson. We got a shot. Not the same old dolphin stuff, but that's good because optimism is great. Nice seeing you. Great launch. Thanks. By the way. Thanks very much. See how to our good friend when he gets out. For years we've been telling you about a really good product that's excellent for you. And that's uh, are we? Do we have a log for the last hour? I just I just mentioned I'm interrupting myself. But I'm just going to be a top. Okay. That would be nice. Oh, big kind of nice. All the omelette is great. Stuff in fact even Toronto they shipped me a bunch and I pop it my post for my blood pressure every day. This isn't just ordinary olive oil. These capsules. It's super concentrated. Loaded with all kinds of health benefits for you. Oliometta. We did it up. Produced the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol. And there are 14 different oleometta formulas you can choose from each one combining. The purest, the finest, the vests is olive oil on a planet with vitamins, minerals, and orbles to support specific health needs from your bones, your blood pressure, your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. And now you got three new oleometta formulas. Want to help you sleep? Want to help you control your weight and cell Q10 for your heart. Take some up today. What you're doing is shopping. Pick oleometta. If it publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Food, markets, and rosin cedanos, or order it online at oleomettamerica.com. If you want more info on your products and what they can do for you, call them toll-free and ask away. Call 1-866-Oriumid. That's 1-866-653663 for better health start popping at oleomid in your big fat 5-1, easy to spell this, using the one who sells it by himself. The one who sells while associationals the one who sells it by himself. The one who sells it by himself. The one who buys it by himself, This always that is little boy gets anything he wants The statue is down to Thomas Garn And now every corner has a shiver run back down Most of them are dead back down Shot fortily in the head back down Make that oil flow again that price and gas down low We're giving him a taste of the vodka seam With the cracker barrel in an apple's piece back down The corporate war is one back down We only just be gone back down The world is art you know I'll have a magazine fried kid he goes to go Just like the Nazis in World War II There was a whole lot of art for the brass to boost that debt Grab everything you can back down They won't be doing that again back down Hey, if you want to war and say anybody know What the rattle is for? You want some water? Well now it's ours We'll sell you a bottle for a nominal chart back down We'll get the stock in fixed back down I ran as going to be back down Push his gun That is little boy Get to anything you want That is little boy Get to anything you want That is little boy Get to anything you want Get to anything you want So how you like his new desert scorpion huh? We can't put operation Iraqi freedom on anymore Especially with all these people dying every day But now we've got desert scorpion Have you ever seen a desert scorpion together with a gambian rat? Something to think about And of course if you're going to gambian rat and it's bit by does it scorpion Then you've got real tourist man you got real problems on your hand Thanks, did you have corn for coming into a nice hour and a half spot Huh? Yeah, that was a piece of cake that was easy and lunch was very good too And he was wondering how come I was like you know He braised that aluminum foil thing which is nice for takeout But this is already a studio. This is the restaurant It wasn't until I just got back now. It's for else restaurant and drugs Like her and drugs Hey wait till we bring the stogies back That'll be good because can my limo driver yesterday came in a couple of big fat ones and cigars too Alright contraband stogies we hope. Oh, yes, of course Well, you know something never thought about that Now if I tried to bring I guess you can't do a can you? Because then every street corner in Toronto like all over downtown Cubans cigars any kind of cigar you want you can't bring the back They actually shred them right there at the airport if you try really they crumble them up and throw them in the garbage because the The customs people were selling them so now they have to in plain view destroy them individual See as you're going out of the airport in Toronto you go through US customs only only coming in you go through Canadian customs So as you're going out you go through US customs so I guess that would be the yeah, that's the chicken woodpot Shred my expensive Cuban cigars damn you bastards. I'll have to start smoking them damn and lights again work on a big tumor What those were good. Oh, yeah, they were good, but I mean they're bad for you. I was like for real I hear it's out there you go. We just got the answer for George he's going to be chain smoking damn and lights from now for next couple of days few days Bring it I don't do it. They're bad for you because they got their paper in them or some bright and floor sweeping. Oh And sawdust right that's why your voice sounds like kind of gravity. Yeah That stuff I was starting to get like a little pre tumor on my tongue from that crap. I think it was from that It was just a chunker 56050560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. I never dreamed we'd be doing a religion pool, but see and of course I can't blame Jeff because we always used to think the same thing right what? That they were more Jews listening in a audience. I never thought that and also the egg not was because you chase most of my way But also the agnostic in the atheist I assume that a very high percentage of those were Jews and before they just Realize with the world of all crap as matter fact, but they weren't more than half the Jews I've met have become ATAS to agnostic but they weren't not an ass on it. You let me finish the sentence. We've done that poll and they weren't most of them were Christians Probably a lot of them Catholics who you know saw to a whole bull crap, you know Really old man in the dress that exists all these people carrying around his big heavy wooden crucifix Like the one that was on the wall a lot of cusher four. It's not too late for you Dennis. That was kind of sad You know the he left your stick standing there holding the cross. Well, he had to get that super double before the guy got his glasses on you know It's how those Greek boys have it a good time five Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60. We got 66 Catholics 46 atheists 45 agnostic you know on the knees we got this many of anything because quite frankly There's nobody here That's why I came back just have a party for a week. We're just got a big party here and mow you're not invited We have a new feature on a show it's called a QM celebrity the week the QM star the week. That's a better name and this week. It's Joe roo That's here for Joe When you agree we just a couple was unanimous in a building Howard David's a bitch. I dumped the bitch right now Made coming in on Saturday worthwhile They wrecked the room after I cleaned it up. You know what that reminds me of a Lot like in the same vein is something I've played for you not too many days ago Yeah, you're big Why you happy for me because I am going to my boat. We're going up for cruise. I'm having for the four and a half years my first Weekends off. I'm promoting my video. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I figured it was some kind of promotion Thanks. No, no, no, no, no. I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station honest to God I do really I'm not lying. I call taking graduate. Well, man I just can I can I just ask you one loud he question there? Why on your last show? Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here? It's up in my day. I made a mistake. I made a bad call Sam, I'm listening to you and I think you're fun and I think it's perfectly okay to have relax and have fun on a weekend honest to God I need it too. Yeah, how's that? And I'm enjoying listening to you and it's no full Now Have a good day see you don't believe the word of it man. Stop here and trash me for a whole afternoon a whole afternoon Say here and said it didn't have a chance in hell. I have no talent what the hell was I doing here for a Gary made a big mistake Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party. She's gonna kiss a little butt I dumped the bitch right now. I'm at it's after one at five 60 WM 5 670 560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Yeah, Neo. Yes, sir. It's Woody Graver. Hi Woody. Oh, brother. Oh, welcome back sure To our wonderful South boy. It's another guy with a ponytail. We got Jimmy over walking around with one We got the Jeff who just shaved his off thank God snapped it off and then we got the Woody Graver Mr. Ponytail Yeah, well Jeff doesn't look as good as he did with the ponytail. I know he said a hell of a lot better without it Without their crap on his fingernails to he looks almost human listen I got to tell you you know the people that that I've met from your show like Jeff and people like that Steve at ATM they're all new First class first best, but I got to tell you Randy Maltosh the best. I had always been an accident and It wasn't my fault and I went to I went to court on it and he you know represented me and The witness is bitch. He just lied and He just ran rings around her right and he just put her out of it and the judge said not guilty I'm right You did he knew things that no other lawyer could have ever dreamed of right I Got to tell you know the people from your show and have been like gold for me every time I have an anniversary without fail every year on the first in March comes a big beautiful thing of a plan That's as flowers but a big plant with Randy Maltosh and the ticket defense team for as many years as I can remember He's one of the very best. Oh totally totally and he was he was make never seen in court with me I gotta tell you I you know I I was you know really scared going in especially when said that that Lady started lying and He just put me right at ease Absolutely right at you. I'm glad to hear it. What he can you right and don't do it again? I will try to stay out of it as much as possible welcome back. Hope to see you sometime. Okay, I didn't get a haircut Thanks, see you bye bye How do you like that? You know, sorry everything is fitting you have the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle plus I eight on the air here We've been before and well, I won't be doing it tomorrow Because I gotta go to mommy's tomorrow for lunch and probably get that ground brown as she's famous for maybe she'll even stick a little bit of that X like that she's been bragging about lately. I think she might just put something It's brown and it's the old brown round. Maybe she'll make you some brown Oh, please don't do it, ma five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line And you know Jeff's a good guy and but the plan I was trying to make there is Joe Rose had the balls to tell like it was about Howard And to out him about trying to call behind the scenes and and you know Control what he says on here. He's not gonna put up with it and it was the same with Randy even Of course, he takes herself far too seriously now She's gonna say the world release her intentions are good. You know and she had the big pair to stand up for against the radio station It's managed to tell his shove it and it gets small potatoes like smeg green and Tell her where to stick it to Hey I want much better pants with my career with a life You can't get out more moke to right away in here. Hey, you want something to eat what you got Nothing but I can pull something out of my ass now more I got it going. I'm starting a new business. Oh, no Good, yeah, I'm gonna be a hooker. I'm proud of my mum. Hey, oh, yeah You sure you're also free Oh, I can tell you hey, what are you? I got a good spot. Oh, no, no, I don't know what you're talking about you just look at this so boy first What not Irooping as few as my got this place as a mess and here, home like I'm We got a loser. No! No! Move going in this front-press ticket. Boca Rato Flan! No! Come here, brother. I'm hungry. I just like to see. That's a lovely dress you got on there, y'all. Oh, my! Thank you. I am hungry. But you're free, brother. I feel like running dumb as free. Hey, you! Look! I'm a naked man. You want to make me proud, asshole! Who took you out of a miscellaneous? I'm turning into a white-brick, my highly desirable ass. I'm a naked man. You're a naked man. You're a naked man. Can't I have a great day, all this? Hey, you, you, you! I'm a naked man. Take a look at this hair. Get him from the pool. Hey, you got her hair, drop me. Oh, I was on radio, y'all. I was on radio. Just so gunnettled into one field at things. Rolls! Rolls! Rolls! I'm on radio. Rolls! Rolls! Rolls! Rolls! I was on the radio. Rolls! Rolls! Rolls! Okay, low. Good. Up and I decided to stop by. See how you were doing. That guy, guy. Oh, this is terrible. No, no, no, no. One 18-560W people were looking at it, they said it had to be back in town or what? No, no, no, no. Plus you said it sounds better in Toronto anyway. You said the microwave sounds better. You said it sounds better. You said it sounds better. You said it sounds better. You said it sounds better. You said it sounds better. You said it sounds better. The first day back, I'm just here for a few days. What did I just do? Take a big crap. But hey, that's coming. I ate it. Right. And that's going to make you sick. And fat. And then I'll have another stroke, another pulmonary embolism. Ambitary pulmolism. That's a mention you're girded. And have it on my girdle act up. I'll be like, puking my gut. I said that's a good idea. I'll allergic to this place. This place makes me sick. It more ways than one. It really does. I'm not... Look, I don't care where you live. But I think that there are a lot of people Maybe they live someplace almost their entire life. But then they finally realize I've been here too long. See? So that's why being able to do the show in Toronto a good part of the year. Except when it gets colder and hell up there in November. But it's a wonderful thing. Because I don't have to be a prisoner to being here. In fact, even for real, who was given me the business. Oh, you gotta get back down. Yeah. He realizes not that's ridiculous. He admits he loves Toronto. He likes it even better than New York. He would give his life not to be able to do the show from some civilized place and not be here. He's not a dummy. He realizes he's in God's waiting room. That's why he's going out of South Beach. Get him a big penthouse apartment down there. Now, you don't think they're doing a two hour show from 8 to 10. He's really making a kind of money that he can afford a penthouse apartment on a beach. Of course not. So you know that whatever is in the wings here. I mean, at least Gildy give him some credit. Okay. You never Daniel in Lines then. You remember the handwriting on the wall? Right. See, Gildy at least is sharp enough to see. The handwriting on the wall. As opposed to some people who are in denial. Luckily a pastor there in denial. And they just refused to say, Oh, well, that's going to be great. See, I guess he's assuming that if Gildy leaves, then it's a logical team. Him a team him up with the forlph at a morning show. Is that going to have a course not? Then the Chinaman Shanson hell. That's going to happen. Maybe he'll do updates. He can do the updates. Like on the Joe and Mark show would be good. Between two and five. Forlph 5 to 10. Us 10 to 11 30. 5 6 7 0 5 60. So when we're after today, Guess how many shows I have left before you start to Ska-mer schedule Mr. Hachut before the July. 10. Then Marine O'S Number lucky 13 13. There's George's football knowledge. Right. All his force knowledge wrapped up in one word 13. See, he knew that. Yeah. We just finished with Friday the 13. And I'll have 13 more of these shows. Not that I'm counting. I thought I'm kind of like, Yeah, because I realized everybody's gone anyway. That was a pleasure. And now that we're back on 10 to two, this is like getting my life back. And of course, I could go through a big thing. Oh, thanks to Greg. No, not no thanks to Greg. He deserves a smack in ahead. For a screw on me up for a year or a plus for a year and a half. In which I had a stroke and I was done here for seven weeks at a time. Sitting here getting fat or in fat or in eating and getting fat or in less and less active. When I just walked to the convenience store to get newspapers and soda into Ronald, I'm doing more walking just walking to the store and going back home. Then I do a year. This is a place to get sick and die. Not necessarily in that order. Well, you could park your car at the saw grass and then walk home. Yeah. Right. And at 14 feet of water, they used to be the parking lot. Sure. There's nothing in here. Are you sure you people don't have SARS? No, I'm not sure. Which doctor to Couner, by the way, is one of the big Couner. One of the big, a medical hot shots in Toronto. He started suggesting that the US has a much bigger problem than they're admitting with SARS, but they were a lot about that. We wouldn't lie on that. They shashed him up real fast. They said, they said, you don't think we got problems with the exporting beef and stuff like that. Just wait until you see how angry. And see they get the V have vased. Yes, that's enough of getting back at him. What they call it is pneumonia 3. Now, if you do a Google search, being a boy, do a search on Google for SARS or enough for pneumonia 3. And the fourth definition is SARS. So they can categorize it as pneumonia 3 and just pretend we don't have a SARS problem here. They could call it happy, fun feeling illness. They could call it monkey love virus. Monkey lovepox. Anything. They can call it licky henny. What's the name of that hen? Henny Penny. Licky, licky, licky, henny Penny. Fire us. I didn't say pull it. I said keep on. I was thinking about him. KOM. KOM. Yes sir. Tiger, remember Jones? That was a no. That was a grace. Maybe it wasn't. I think he sounded too much like him. It was a great picture of the thing. He just sounds too close to somebody we don't want to talk to. Okay. Change your voice. Call like this next time. WCOM. Pretty good. I was listening to that show on Saturday Live with a Joe. It must have been something live. I like Joe a lot. Except my wife won't let me watch a channel 9 because of that Beno Schmitt and that that's gonna keep or whatever that terror whatever. But anyway, I'm a little bit after he made those comments about the moey. The only thing that sucks is that I have to sit to that next to that bastard. I'm gonna play. I'm not bad with this. Really? I guess it's a dolphin plane there. They must have signed seats or something. Well, what does Joe do when I'm a dolphin plane? I give him covers it for a channel. I see this reference channel 6. You keep saying channel 9. But last time you're coming on your cable program. You have a little bit of cable. Can I say a lot of them? We just got out of hospital. Sure go ahead. My cousin Roger. He had that stomach reduction because he was on the verge of, you know, borderline down there. And he's loading you. And he's listening to you. He's already lost 50 pounds. Alright. So I just want to say thanks and glad you're home and see you have him to run. Thanks, Pally. Alright. Keep up the good work, Roger. Okay, lose that way. Don't be like the beast. Don't like backtrackers. They're gonna start getting like a disease on the end of your nose. I'm telling you, that's just the beginning of a Pinocchio nose like Baba Head. That thing is going to go right about 15 inches. But he did give us some good, oh wait a minute. Wasn't him always just some unnamed fat guy that gave us the information about guilty this morning. Good about any kind of fat guy. Good about any little short rock 10. Could have been Josh Freeman. He's not here. I'm a little bit of an fat boy. I don't think he's in the building or they could have been who the engineer. But he's not here no more. No. So I guess it narrows it down pretty much. Five, six, six. Hey, I don't care. He wants to play. And he's so compulsive. He doesn't really care. You know what I'm saying? In other words, he's such a compulsive yentre. But even if I out him on the ear is Thomas all this stuff. And you know, see he's now working most show anymore anymore. So then making a difference because now he's with Ferrell. And he's then this way's got that brown spot on the end of his nose. So he doesn't give a crap about that. Now he doesn't have to suck up to more. He had a little episode of the copying machine. Do you hear about that? No. And he had a copy the log or something for Ferrell show one morning and Mo was out there standing up against the machine. And he said, Mo, how are I? I guess you should have called him. How are they got to get out of my way? I got to like I said. He said, be sure to get the knives out. You heard that? You heard that? Fucking in the getting the again soon. I've found out. Everybody else is a backstab or mo accept you. Everybody else is out of line accept you, Mo. But I never expected all this momentum when I got back to town. You know, I thought kind of thought that now we shoved him in the middle of the night. He was small potatoes. But in his case, it's no mental until he closes that door and has asked the last time. I don't think that's ever going to happen. I wonder what the Humper is thinking about. Thanks, God, how the nice day off the day. Nice going up for our wet, but you, he's a. It's crazy. I'm so excited about this. In fact, you know, that's an excellent pole for tomorrow. What person inside, what QA personality despises Mo the most. The most. Yeah, go to the answer. Now that's a tough one. I don't know who I vote for. I'm not even sure if I vote for myself. We need to have a contest. Yeah. Like a slot fighter, something or like those padded. Clubs like they have on the American lady or maybe a civic cat pole would be good. A tug. A tug of war on the old. Peace. What religion are you asking in pole number three today? What was your pole intensive today? You know, nothing like it in three poles in one day. Catlach 83 agnostic 62, 80 59, Jew 46, 15.3% ponytail. Protestant 26, fundamentalist born again, Christian only five. Not too strong there. Not too bad. Hope you have a good life with your president. Wicked in four, Muslim three, Sikh three. We got three Sikhies out there. Bonus two, Christian scientists appear. Seventh day of NS1, Scientologist one. Hindu one and Mormon one. Would that. Oh, did you see the, I talked about it last week. The invasion of the Mormon. Bugs. What they call as Mormon. Crickets. Yeah. Thank you, Carlos. Thanks, Carl. When he knows because I gave him the story. They look like grasshoppers. They look like mean. They look like kind of the more Howard David of grasshoppers. What makes the Mormon? They're wearing a tie. No, they have magic underwear. Which protects him from the environment. Is there like two in their way through Iowa and Nebraska? David, oh, did you hear what I just did? He's proud. I know I did a forl. I think it's contagious. I think there's something he's got. Forgive us. Forgive us. Forgive us. Forgive us. Forgive us. Forgive us. I'm a traitor. This is for 257. I'm a two-way. Okay, thank you. Hey Steve. Hey, Jim. Say, did you get an haircut? No, boy, because there's something different about you, but he. What's different about Jim? He just asked his doctor about Viagra. Hey, Jim. Have you lost weights? Nope. In fact I've gained a few hinses if you know what I mean? Viagra. It can change the way you feel. Ow, who just broke me in the ribs? Oh hi, Sam. Have you even worked enough? Nope, but I'm feeling pretty pumped up. See the difference by aggregate and making your life. Oh, Jim! I pocket fishermen in your pants? No, but I am in the mood to throw for snapper. By aggregate, it'll change you for the better. Hi there, Jim. Say, did you get a raise? Yeah. You could say that. Ask your doctor about a free sample of by aggregate. But please, wait until you get home to say, go on. Ah! Oh, shit there! Speaking of that, we had a great surround a website was the yesterday or Saturday. Why do you kind of like slothed over a new, uh, from under the other? He, I think he must be doing like heavy drugs on a weekend. What on the week? Because the sadder, I mean, heavier than usual. Because the Saturday story is now kind of like sloth over an early Sunday, which actually in a way that's good. Because otherwise they have to wait till like later and he have to noon before it. Looks like we just kept the same crap on here all weekend. We don't get as many hits and then Eric hits all been out of shape. Woo! But, what? I didn't think that was a very good imitation. I thought that was kind of weak myself. Look at that. This man is purple in the face. He might have a stroke in there. Maybe it's your turn this time. Good. Look at it. Look at it. We were here all day Saturday. And the internet went out here. Yeah. Oh, that's why you didn't get the other stuff on there. Oh, so, woo! Haha. So, Eric, well, let's just sound that bad people make some time. Okay? Eric up there. Oh, no, he's gagging off. No. It's a good thing we got that ball game coming up. And nobody's listening. There would be a real trouble. Get on this high pressure. What is it? Oh, my god, if I could get a million people after my got these two going right now. I'd be worth 100 million bucks. Good, god, Eric. You're gonna get a ball. You're gonna get a ball. You're gonna get a ball. Really? Boca, Brian. He's hard. I got something for him too. Anyway, getting back to the Viagra thing, which is the reason I played it before he interrupted me with a bunch of hysterical laughter. The William Rigley company is patented away to make his double your pleasure slow and more potent with chewing gum containing the active ingredient in Viagra. Are you ready for that? Double your pleasure and double your fun. But with about eight years left, I'm fires his own patent for Viagra that make her a double mint and juicy fruit as no immediate plan to market such a product itself. There's been no development activity whatsoever in her as any anticipated present Christopher dammit. Wouldn't that be great if you could just pop a stick of juicy fruit in your post? And you're all of a sudden you had this wicked erection like for hours and me. I want the gum that makes you limp. We found dozens of patents on an annual basis with interesting retry in comments. He said whoever this Christopher worker, but there's a huge difference between filing for a patent actually developing a product and finding what it's exactly right for commercialization. The gum would have to be two to at least 30 minutes before sex also similarly Viagra time parameters. The application also suggests the gum might be a better vehicle to deliver the drug right in the bloodstream since it releases the drug more gradually than Viagra's pull for. Which has caused gastrointestinal problems for some men. How do you like that? And since they played the cubs play in really field, and Philip really was the one who like founded a franchise. They could like hand it out right and it would come to him. Okay. Then Sammy wouldn't be the only one with court in a better pants, huh? Anyway, this is also a big enough of a patent your pants. Popstar Brittany to get heaving bosoms in the UK. Oh, right. US popstar Brittany Spears is to get a pair of inflatable throbbing breasts that will pulsate and tend to are dancing at least her waxwork model of Madam Tussos Museum in London. I wonder if they have the because there's a Madam Tussos in Amsterdam, which you don't want to go there by the way, Amsterdam blows now. But they have a Madam Tussos right down or by the damn square. You know that damn square? Damn it. And I wonder if they have the similar, I don't know. You think they would all have the same stuff? Are they like franchises of each other? I don't know. They're they this kitty corner McDonald's and Kentucky fry. They're plans to make a new figure of Brittany Spears a spokeswoman said on Friday she'll be very sexy and she'll have heaving bosoms, but this is only the very early stages of planning of development so to speak. She said the model would be based on one of Brittany's videos which he dances breathlessly around a pole. No, not yours. It would be accompanied by professionals who would teach museum visitors the tricks of the trade. The initiative is the latest by the museum to make his models not just visual but tactile. Brad Pitt has got a squeezeable latex bum. But Brittany, that's just so the Brits are so stupid to read. It's a funny thing. Can't say ass but he's got a latex bum but Brittany would be the first with heaving bosoms out of the spokeswoman. Can you imagine the size of the bum? That's the jail always figure could have. God, take up a whole section of the name joint. He being, maybe he being, I'd be even just thinking about seeing it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, power to a screenless here today. Not much of a response to everybody's other town. They were used to it. A lot of stuff going on inside. Heavy duty inside. What do we ever? Oh, how do you man? Woo! What religion are you? This is pole number three for a Monday. We got 344 votes. I just mentioned that in passing. This is just, this isn't even really a pole. Just kind of like our survey that we do not usually is often but just a passive I jiff Cohen. He wants him to go in his customers. Catholic 95, agnostic 68, atheistic 66, 52. That's my favorite station. You 52. What do they play there? All day long. Oh, it's that. Oh, it's that. 252 got a 15.5% Protestant 28. Fundamentalist board again, Christian five and the wicked four wickens. We got four wickens out there. Or which one you like best? That one. We got four wickens. Boy, let's not have that conversation again. I got a headache just thinking about that. I still, I don't understand that. Well, we, and then of course we also have the travelers, but that's not a religion. That's a cult. Yeah. Well, that's a group of people. A group group. They might have a religion, but it's a ethnic group. Yeah. That was a religion. It came hard or Walmart. Oh, speaking of Walmart by the way, we hate them like toys. I just mentioned that. Not for a special reason. Just because of many special reasons. For a lot of special reasons. Because like I said, we hate them like toys. Why in local? We're sports radio five, 60, like you, A, M. Boss knows a boss. Spreading like crazy. Boy, spreading their charms. Be here. Soon they'll be buried. And eaten by worms. Be here. People don't come together. People may stay apart. You want me to search the others? Nothing can stop it now. No. Because we are all scared of some. Here you are. Don't go to Asia. Don't go to Hong Kong. Stick clear of Toronto. If you want to live long. People don't live forever. People must all be part. But no one wants us to happen now. That's why we are scared of some. So who would you like me? People don't come together. People they stay apart. Okay, so 141. We got the Marlins. We got the Marlins. We got the U of M. Hurricanes. We got them and Southwest Missouri State. That's a Southwest Missouri State. A girl school for a handicap. Big College World Series game. Colle up to a clock to 7. Would you as a geeky and a clearance? Or is down Bailey, Jr. And the beast and the council. The beast is not out there. The beast got left here. They shine his ass. That's right. The shining is bitter. He's a bitter young man. He's running around the spread of like gossip. In fact, if he can't work here anymore, he's going to go to work for Rente Yenta. How much? How much in a while? He looks. Anyway. This is a distressing thing. So we got seriously. His clearance on those games and I, does it say on the schedule I wouldn't say it does? He is on those games. How embarrassing. Here's what I got. It's supposed to be our program director. I don't want to like bust his balls because he does give me a paycheck on time. Program. Let me tell you when you know a guy's been doing much, much too heavy drugs and drinking when he was sunglasses inside. There's only to look. Two groups of people who do that and that is super ultra stylish Hispanics and Italians and drug addicts. So which one do we think beiner boy? Well he is one and thinks he's the one. I said super stylish. Not guys that were like a crappy, crappy cap. Like an army fatigue cap, whatever the hell thing is. What is that? It's a kangaroo's hat. It's a rude cap. Yeah, what's worth my book? Man, that thing is nothing. He thinks that the sunglasses make people not notice how high he is. Is that what it is? Yeah, that's a good idea. Scott Peterson fetching loads of letters. This story makes me one of them. But it's so typical. It is so typical of America's infactuation and love affair with scumbags from Charlie Manson to Sir Han Sir Han. I mean you name it. They never found a scumbag they weren't obsessed with. Oh Jay. Oh Jay. And John Hinkley. And Ted Bundy. Michael Jackson. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not talking about those scumbags in prison, which he belongs to, but he's not there yet. Scott Peterson charged with murdering his pregnant wife and the unborn child as we see being stacks of letters and jail. Many of them from women. A fellow when they told him a desto be newspaper that Peterson's correspondence for the woman serving time for murdering her husband. Oh, and if he went and get together, he could be a nurse. A guard read the letter allowed and make Chris Young said. Peterson is pleaded innocent to double murder charges that make a military for the death and early out of y'all. Last week, a judge issued a gag order barring lawyers. What is his and police officers from public discussing details of the case? Judge Al Jeralami said the gag order was the only way to stop leeks and rumors from the reeling his right to affair trial. Stanislaus County Sheriff Deputy Tom Leetris confirmed that Peterson gets more mail than the case. But when the library, that's typical. It says it's not uncommon for young men accused of terrible crimes received letters from female admirers. Oh, a lot of sick women out there. A lot of really desperate sick women. You think that clearance may be my people to hit late because he just doesn't know where to find the right ones. Maybe he spends some time in prison. He is the program director of this radio station. I think that's a big step in a right direction if he has to. A lot of criminal activity going on on this schedule. All of the summer may be corrected soon. Five, six. This, this just caught me totally. I got out of my car. I went up the elevator. I knew Mo would still be here because I saw his big tanks sitting out there. And I figured maybe we'd bond a little bit, you know, hello, goodbye, and that, which is what we did. But little that I know that there was going to be, because I didn't know what that point about the Joe Rose thing, which we will play again before the end of the hour. Huh? Don't you think that would be a real good lead in as we get to her at her comb basepal time. I think it would be great. It would be great if we went out. In case anybody missed the Mo and Joe confrontation on Saturday. Bring it. Yeah. The Mozo Joe confrontation. Don't forget we're going to have Swing in Mall on our website sometime, and maybe for the day is on also how we do it on a hot couple's contest. We at least have all the pictures that we got quite a few, actually. Like 11, 11, 12, maybe. Like I said about it doesn't. Is it what I, yeah, about it doesn't give or take? Baker doesn't. Or a Jewish doesn't. They'll be up sometime. Baker doesn't. There's a Jewish doesn't. There's a Jewish doesn't. But at any rate, they'll be up there like when. Some, some to the area has everything. Sometimes. Oh, hurt you. Sometimes. And just as you said, the phone rang and there's Erica in the phone would be to where, oh, you know, something this is worth coming back for a week. Just a, you know, it's one thing they hear about it and talk about it and have you been to me, but to actually actually see him pick them, phone off the hook. Oh, the name isn't even off my lips yet, nobody's either. Oh, just having an office having a cow in Orlando. Maybe it's the same cow that did that number on a great morse show. I'm to tell you the truth. Boy, how's that religion pull a comment for Jeff Cohen? What religion are you? What we do this about Anna, what about once a year, about. So this will be the one for this year. I don't think we've done it a long time. 100 Catholics 72 agnostics 68 atheist 56 Jews 15.6%. That's a little higher than usual, but we'll see if that stays, you know, Protestant 32, fundamentalist born again Christian five, Muslim five, Wicken five, Buddhist four, Sikh three, Hindu two, two Hindus. Yeah, it's a re-efficient, like we're going to experiment come. Christian sign is two, Mormons ones, seven day Adventists, one side tells us one. We lost Mormons, you know, where did we go wrong insulting their tire? The magic underwear, right? The tie and the fact that I never saw that Mormons, I think that those young guys that come with a nice white shirts and black ties. Do you invite them in for non-capital? I've never had one come to my door. The only the only assholes I ever have ever had in my life come to the door, the one of the other ones. J. W. You're home as witnesses with the watch tower ever since I was a little kid. They were in fact in candidate when New York on a weekend. They'd come pound it on the door. Oh, the end is coming, that was like 100 years ago. That was the silly New Year's ago, the world was ending then, still it's still here. The watch tower, the good news is the days are coming, bad, bad by me, all this other crap. And then when I lived in Hailea, right next to mommy like, sither, I had the, I totally, that Sunday morning's story. Nine o'clock at the morning, banging on a goddamn door, wake me up out of a sun, sleep by go to the door. Get out of here, you know. And then they go down the hall and then they got some other Getski comes in here and he doesn't realize that they've already made their rounds on this side at all. And he's like this. I said, take your watch tower and you jack ass, take your Stone Age, Hocus, Pocus, Mumbo, Jumbo, and go enjoy some New England gumbo. Get out of here. Trangier, I just can't handle it. Just like this, why, how many years have I been telling you all this stuff? They shouldn't report anything and happens in the Middle East ever again. Ever again. And then it would stop. It would stop. There'd be no more settlers making illegal settlements because nobody would be impressed by it. There'd be no more Hamas blowing people in everybody up because nobody would know about it. Just stop talking about it if they want to kill each other. Great. What? Let me ask you this seriously. What business do we have? Why should we care? Which shouldn't. Why should we care about Israel and Palestine and trans Jordan and Jordan and why should we care about an endocrat? They got any oil? No. Are they a threat to us? No. So who now gives a crap? I say, let's go in here and bomb Saudi Arabia. My life and love all. This is Fort Radio 560. You're way too way, yeah. The most innovative science fiction film in decades. And now the long awaited sequel is here. And it's not only innovative. It's inebriated. The Matrix. Moated. What is the Matrix? I know. What's that Samuel Jackson over there? Hey, Sammy! I am Lawrence Fistler. You're talking fool. The Matrix loaded. The sequel that's six pack with excitement. Intrigued and a lead character who makes even less sense than he did in the original. Where? Where? Where? Where? Your film and aliens are using my body as a fuel suit? That is correct. Well, I'm going to get more creeps out then. He on a reeds his back. Dotting bullets and fart caps in slow motion in the Matrix loaded with carry and moss as his sexy partner. Yeah, but it did become the spoiler that the Matrix often came. Leave me alone. I lost my phone number. Can I have your two? Two. Drinking the greatest sequel of all time. But Matrix loaded. One, 53 and five, 60, 21. We got the dolphins and the marlins in the dolphins plan. Next. What? It's all the same difference. Hurricanes, marlins, not so. Another stop-floated desperate situation. Of course, if the Hurricanes win, they played a marinated clock. Right against some other against Texas, isn't it? I do believe. Texas or Rice or Boins or Game. And if they lose, it's by by. Now, I did promise something. And I'll almost forgot. I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the year. Because I think it's important to hear this. Howard just called the radio station Howard David. Who I get along with great. I thought he called me an asshole. Saying I was trying to stir it up. My point back to Howard is don't listen. Listen to 101.5. Let me see what age group. 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7. It's an easily listening, love music. So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids. Instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's becoming Howard the caller. Like Howard from Boca. Howard from Boca. It's like, you know, it's okay. So anyway, he's he's listening. So just want to get the message out and don't call my show to. Just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you. And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great. But don't call because you're not coming on this show. You've got your three hours five to eight. Monday through Friday. You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that. All right. I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. And I know you've been getting that taking a big hit on the radio station from everybody else. And deserving of it is over. Me and you done. You asshole. I mean, like that. One of the great moments in broadcast history to place right here on this radio station on Saturday. On the little dog Joe Rose show. I just I just wanted to make sure that everybody in town got a little taste of it. Yeah. In fact, here's a fact that says. Our regarding today's poll choices can be added unaffiliated none of the above. All of the up now. Regarding Moan is radio problems. If QAM totally dumps the most there are most in the 5 AM show. Well, QM dumping from the offense play by play. Rizzi and Miami dolphin employee on that one. The latter is correct. He's employed by the offense. And regardless of his situation and a morning show at 330 in a morning whenever he's going to be on, he still got to dolphin gig for 2 years. Most of him manages his never clicked on the broadcast and never will. The guy that replaced the that more replaced bulls him for would at least laugh with and share the spotlight. And when it was great days when it was like, It's not like we're having a hell of a lot more fun together. And share the spotlight with Mad Dog and his men's systems that we all love and cherish. Most of your calls the game like the Mike spotlight is his and his only. He wants to hog the mic. Plus while I'm in the bitch mood, hey, Mozo, I'm tired of walking all over the, you walking all over the Mad Dog and his men's systems during the games. Stop it and share the spotlight. You assholes his KP and throw a deal. A little bit over the top there, you know what I'm saying? But I do understand his point. Well, Mozo has come in here like a whirling dervish. He promised he would derrient event. Talk radio or sports talk radio. And I think he has. I think he's brought it to a level that we never dreamed. Well, we could possibly sing to and it's pretty amazing, you know, when you put your thumb right on it. So what do we got today? We got kind of a because of this unexpected hurricane game in the middle of the day. Mad Dog's off today. The humpers off today. Well, I'm sure enjoyed each and every moist moment during those replays of the Joe Mo call. Actually, it wasn't a Joe Mo call on the air. We just geary spawning. I'm sure the humper enjoyed every moment. Well, by the way, spirit of the humper, I had to thank you up. And now see how you do that to me. I know I just do that to myself. All of a goddamn time. I go to one spot to offer me. WTOAM Miami for Lord. See there you go. What we got? What? I love the way Hanks said that. WTOAM Miami for Lord. Yeah, I just kind of like, you know, I can't be rather with the script. I don't blame him. If I'd have been in this place as long as he has it to be a miracle that I could even show up. And of course, that's why probably isn't going to be here today. Now, I'm law enforcement. Oh, we could have hank coming for a half hour after the game. I said, you don't want to do that. You're going to make a man like hank coming here for a half an hour. You don't do that to anybody. Maybe mole. And then we got after the hurricane. Examiner, I forgot we have another we got the Marlins on deck. The Marlins and the Metz tonight right up to street at P.P. Park. Aren't you excited about that? The Marlins and the Metz who are in a neck to neck. No, Stano is death battle for last place in the National Agree. And they are right on top of it. You remember, our those the Marlins that were going to win 91 game? You know, that this one uses me about the sports talk assholes before the season started. There was not just one, but a whole bunch of these idiots calling it on the sports station. Calls show them his station on a Marlins are going to win 91. Why not just say the Marlins are going to win 150 games this year. You're going to pick a number out of your ass. I think the Marlins are going to win 163 games this year. How do you like that? One more than a whole goddamn schedule. Oh, we don't we don't have time. We're going to do the one moment please. Oh, I got to queue up the longer one because we got to get it up to you and baseball. There we go. Speaking of you and baseball and drugs, I'm sorry. Those are old storage long ago. Old on the hospital, we don't want to rehash the old Muslims at hatch. So stick around for a big game man. It's door dive at Hurricane Zulke. They'll beat this roasting probably about 15 to 3. Which is it? Huh? Why do you have your fingers crossed? They're going to do us though, good. How many runs you think they're working to get a score? About 3 to man. Don't forget you're going to get a Marmorning 10 to 2 right after a frail. The old diner and drugs. Say it dude. You've earned a bed and breakfast. We got the diner and drugs. Break it baby. Break it. The coma inducing Joseph Gackie. And Clarence who couldn't get laid with a fistful of 100 Amsterdam and the red light district. They'll be along for a moment. How do you give you an update of what took place just now off the air? How many times you're going to play that? About 3 to man. How many times you're going to play that? About 3 to man. How many times you're going to play that? About 3 to man. Let me join in Miami for a loaded. All right.