Okay, I've got to go on time, Zister. I got to go Neil Rockers on him. It's more station for the money than me. Good morning, Neil. Lawrence, God. You're God. Have a nice day, Neil. Alan, listen to me. My lips, listen to me. My lips, listen to me. Alan, give me another beer. Yeah. Back in the day when someone done a strong we didn't take their cry. In Pearl Harbor, when the japs dropped their bombs. We bomb them back. And now the sun is, they hit us hard. And on our cars, our little flags wave. As the sun in love and recharge, points the bombers the wrong way. And the van barons to be in America where they point the bullshit sheets you died in the space of Our God. Live by God, kisses mad at me. Revealig on this country. Arms muffled and moist, look at his face. And I want to preach. I don't want to be, Tex AMABAAN Think that God and you as a... What's a few thousand innocent lives Stop living in the past If you want that SUV to drive You're gonna need more gas It's the greatest country in the world They train us too, Louis And anyone who says that obviously And afford to be And not embarrassed to be in America Where we paid three of the dignity We the flag and one has with our hand in the sand And blindly follow the powers that we have a set of Watching state for views on a 65 And scream Scratcher falls in five Everything's okay In the God and USA God bless America 10 or 3 at 5 am 60 WQM Moderately happy Wednesday too We don't want to overdo it Because even though there's all kinds of crap going on What's your idea? What do we know? What do we know? Not much Not too much. Okay, here's the first poll We got two polls today It's Wednesday. It's TGI WD Thank God it's Wednesday Which means our big one to two Our give us a step one hour Repree gets us over the hump I'm serious That's the only thing it gets me through the week I'm so glad I invented that You know? Just like Al Gore invented the internet I invented the hump day Here's poll number one I'll give you the results from yesterday A momentarily But we can get this right up there Because we got our really pressure packed show today Don't we? No. Yes we do I'll give you the results from tomorrow Baby we got Arnold What did I tell you yesterday? Haven't I tell you that he's a he's in man He won by our lands are landslide You'll be eight bucks For what? You said that the Nazi thing and the Groping thing would be his undoing And I said won't make a difference Oh get it from Rimmer Hold number one Which of these statements do you most strongly believe Americans are poorly educated Americans don't give us shit about politics Neal is anti-American America's still the greatest country in the world Watch how you spell that now And right now I'm ashamed to be an American Those are your five magnificent choices again Do I do good poll or what? You bet I do good poll that's what they all tell me Which of these statements do most strongly believe Americans are poorly educated as in Americans don't give us shit about politics Neal is anti-American or just plain anti-Neal America is still the greatest country in the world Watch how you spell that now, Eric And right now I'm ashamed to be an American Of course that could have to do with the war with our Elidward president with our illiterate governor of California So many things all of these things It's really it's mind boggling The fact that people in the media could actually sit there with a straight face and report this all last night And just and a public is like oh yeah Yeah, it makes sense to me When when when what that anyway here's the results he has today's poll Over the years which celebrity do you think is aged the best WQM retirement line WQM Over the years which celebrity you know am I psychic powers are so good now that I was talking about the A bed and per rescue thing I didn't nobody even told me Miguel was there and you don't respond to me Miguel Miguel he was there It was shocking with even more shocking You've never came back and gave me a figure you idiot Hey listen your chances of those world series tickets Miguel just went down the toilet today Over the years which celebrity do you think is aged the best Rackel Welch 135 she wins the hand down your pants So feel a ran 104 though she did very well and she still looks ravishing Barbara Eden 71 had their locklear 65 Dick Clark 56 56 people said they like the way dick aged Although until lately to Michael Morgana Michael more was on CNN a few minutes ago with the solely that oh Brian for a silly puppies and it was silly His new book is called Dude Where's My Country I forgot in the name of the book. I'm gonna go out and get today. Dude where's my country? Got it got it Goldie on 49 Sean Convey 39 Johnny Depth 36 Morgan Fairchild 36 friend Resshire the nanny had Bob I turned man WQM Lex Luther said he's so shiny He had a good seat check out for you area about Lex Luther You know something tonight tonight you didn't remind me it tonight smallville Hey don't forget John Stamos and Madonna had 28 of peace every see them together Bar sure hope not for his sake. He wouldn't touched that thing with your tongue Brad Pitt 27 Jacqueline Smith 25 WQM I'll come on you get in screenless today by the way Scott WQM Speaking You know how he was just really making a funer her when he kept talking about the crawl she's an idiot Yeah, and she tried to correct me. She says no. It says Michael more He says oh you don't know about the crawl I think he was trying to tell her get down her hands and he'd get on all fours and crawl a little bit I really like the fact that he knew he's man He got it in there quick or nice jab at the media how they were whipping up the fear I thought yeah And then he ended him which was there is no terrorist threat Is it true that he's coming out with a movie about the Bush administration funded by Disney? It's good. It's going to be the the book that just came out to where's my country It's been a come out next September like just right before the anniversary of nine levon and just before the election And then the movie form yeah Michael more for president man. He's got my vote Well, like I said Michael more first Howard Dean said Wesley parks campaign manager or resign. I'll get to that Probably Wesley Clark bandwagon jumpers. Chris it shouldn't surprise me because South Florida is the home of the bandwagon jumper We love the Marlins. They won last night and every ticket Let's get those Marlins to get's given away. How many we got about 30 man? Okay, they won nine eight and eleven and these Mike Lowell came through man. I home run first. I didn't see any of it. I hate to admit this. I forgot about it. They said a record. And really feel yeah the Marlins hit three home runs and one inning. Yeah, that's right. I saw the highlight sky. It's not like I'm a total boso mostly but not totally But the point I'm trying to make is that all the bandwagon jumpers are foaming at the mouth now because they can almost smell it You know Marlins are the team of destiny. You can smell it even feel it in the squeeze it. He got about five grand. We got some tickets for you Dick Clark 56 goldie hunt 49 John Carter a 39 Johnny dip. Oh, I'm I'm where did I stop? Jacklands 25 can basically your 22 Tina Turner at 21 Jane see more 20 and Margaret 19 share 19 Suzanne Summers the bitch that stole the atkins die from four dead doctor Bob she had 19 Kathy Ireland 17 pvk 16. Dolly partan 12 Susan Kuchi Kuchi for name be Luchi she had 12 George Hamilton nine. Oh, what a great performance in godfather three No, Harrison Ford and Victoria's principal each had eight. Mick Jagger is a Belarusian. He jane Fonda each had seven. See them together. Lily. No Bob Barker had the six as did Cheryl Tings Tom select foe. You think Tom Selleka still doing Higgins. Denise Austin Tom Selleka. Let's see Michael Jackson Tom Sellek Tom cruise I'm trying to think of all the guys all the famous people who have press conferences to announce that they're not gay Right right Denise Austin three Jeff ridges to Kurt Russell to Billy Crystal I'm holding a press conference at 230 to staff noon to announce that I am gay You're gay Kurt Russell to Billy Crystal and Carol all needed and poor Lorenzo Lama's is a second win man. He last place. He finally got a sympathy vote there right the SN Ranzalem is not a nearly a thousand votes. So that was yesterday's pool. I thought it was pretty interesting thing to think about but as usual. They're like And then you were trying to shove Catherine Zvijon's on there who just turned 15 or whatever it was he Yeah, the hell wasn't you kept saying well if if he wasn't Heather Lockler if Heather Lockler can go on or so we looked it up on the wicked web had the locklers 42 and Catherine Zvijon's is only 34. Okay So what are you talking about WQAM MFSP your friends at Bell South also WQAM hello Speak in Neil how are you doing I'm doing sensational Great great. I'm wondering if I can get the the rounding will you recall tickets Rambling really Bob Ferry can buy the way hit him again Bob you remember rambling really no Oh once I wasted pumping a park I believe many years ago don't forget pumping a park opens Friday night there 40th anniversary scene is a little free plug on this spot coming right I can't believe I did that Holy moly I weren't even looking at the log I got my spots pile up here in the right order, which I do every day because I'm a very organized kind of guy But I had no idea I'm gonna keep track today how many that's three psychic it's wow wow wow wow I'm scary let's all go to the track and make a fortune let's the battery this week. Oh man Holy Tamole give us the numbers I give us the numbers two four six eight Who do we see yeah I don't know so what's the story with for all we're not gonna be doing crossovers anymore. Is he just I think he's I don't know He's just howding there. I mean right now. Okay. I think we were crossing over with for Yeah, John I'm pretty it's gonna be on with the two of us to try to straight in if he came to it. We've got him light is gonna like intercede Hey attention horse racing fans pop at all park kicks off like I said only moments ago thanks to my physical abilities It's 40th anniversary racing season this Friday October 10 which sounds like only two nights away The track will feature top class nighttime horse racing high stakes poker There's a new post time a 705 for the first race in Pompeo Park and the poker room would be open from Newtil Midnight every live racing day Pompeo Park is also open seven days tonight's week with a best in summer casting You can shake a stick at it. They got harness stir about high-lash and from all across North America free to watch and plunge your lungs on and don't forget the general parking and admission at Pompeo Park Always free new this season at Pompeo a 20% increase in versus a nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher And revamped free power play rewards program that gives you points read a betting the horses are playing poker That you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers as well And an opening night to Friday October 10 the first 500 fans age 18 and over will get a free two dollar pick for a wager special dollar night for beer So does hot dogs and more also and it's a family fun night Friday with free mini horse rides in face painting a live radio broadcast by some bovistation And free drawings to get into a money machine with a thousand dollars inside or when CScape dinner slash cruise tickets Also root for the Marlins and watch the games Friday and Saturday and end the over 1000 TV sets all around the track at Pompeo Park Factors a couple right in middle of the stretch look out for a seat Pompeo Park out of block south Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road called nine five four nine seven two two thousand for new race schedule We're going away the top of the park dot com don't forget the big 40th anniversary season starts this Friday at the Pompeo park The local the six is five six The rea's on yours You No, who's gonna get Ricky a whole No Oh, we're fine I've had a bomb I'm so good here then Woody act like you're young And get some munchies and make brownies filled with cash And we share it with Jesus and the saints the pies And yes, yes, heart is great And yes, yes, heart is good And yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes What it got, no can of us No can of us, life for the rest Give the high on the back of the park just in and those are given stone On a great on but to roll To get some better can of roll That's a good thing Look up for John back to take home So happy about Marley on his throne No fun and have them less yours Well, the reason I'm playing that is yesterday the game dues you're of the cranks out there was like Oh, well, we don't want to hear about Canada and you're always the top candidate of Canada sucks Well, you may have a point The Ontario Court of Appeals yesterday reinstated the law banning possession of swatl amounts of cannabis Recreation will use while at the same time made it easier for medical marijuana Uses to get safely a good supply of the drug as opposed to that crap that they were providing me for a member couple weeks ago All the games were a bitch in about the crappy quality of the medical marriage we need to remember that Yep Am I interrupting something down there you haven't like some kind of a far faster something going on No, I just get that feeling I feel that there's like a whole bunch of people running around there with like that right now could be wrong But I have a feeling my psychic powers zooming in again Like that right in a hallway probably for relas one of him he's going to run my way like that Yeah, and stuff is a dovigreg Greg What am I gonna do Greg? I got a good medical report from Duff this morning who's given me all those things about his back and about his hemorrhage and about all these other things Great. I Duff you know you're a good friend. You're a good guy, but I'm sick and tired of hearing a medical report Especially at a time when all the other crap is going down there a lot of crap. Yeah, you weigh him a lot of crap really down the down the shoe Lots of a place for it. So anyway, simple possession marijuana is illegal again in Ontario So those of you who are planning come up here and walking around in the streets like downtown like at the Eden Center lightening up a big fat when public How do you better think of second time? Look at this the lovely Miguel facts is me. We got about 30 man 30,000 and 25 bucks for abandoned per rescue. It's the eighth of October That's still pretty weak the way I'm looking at it. It's slow. Yeah, keep it along And that's cause nobody's got two nickels to rub together. That's a part of it. And that's why charity is like begging and screaming and cleaning those here who shape She's on a passion. Oh, she's the one who has all the visions like I do. She's begging. She's begging And Sheridan still live. She was underwater for about two weeks, but she's still alive and when I actually at the end of the show today, I should probably shouldn't tell people is but look like she dies The line on the what what do they call that thing we are still a scope. Okay, now the thing that they hook up to your heart the heart monitor electrocardi graph. Yeah, it's the flat lines in your view like that Thanks for ruining for me. You don't watch that show one of that I didn't ruin it for a I took away the stress now at least to be ready because you know she's not really gonna stay dead and Churry is begging the the the death guy the death the demon or who it all is begging. Oh, please save Sheridan. You know, that's not talk about that Let's talk about important stuff like the next van hit for a band of per rescue with our best to be a merchandise or yes The new cartoon on the al Rogers dot com right up on top. Okay, go look at that right now, but in the meantime Like I said the next van hit will be tomorrow noon to two see you're just trying to distract me from this because The van hit is sponsored by the wheel the other pages from bell south, which show you trying to distract me from my afforded grounds. Yeah, don't say it all kinds of problems going on in place and stuff is hyper ventilating and And for all this heaven of his great. Yeah, I think I've solved the problem though Because I think over the years as we look back on a history of south Florida where you're going back many many years It seems that there's really only one individual in south Florida who's really offended and put out by things that are set on the year Be there by me or Scott or whoever it is. I think generally speaking all we ought to do is take away his radio. Oh, they're Don't just think that would solve all of our problems for all of us every then he wouldn't have to be so offended and be monitoring and be so Indignant over the fact that all these terrible things are being said and yada yada yada just take away his radio I think it would be a great pubic service. It would be happy. We're a wacky thing to do but never let's hear make sense Anyway the van hit I will get this promo out by hooker by crook the van. It'll be noon to two tomorrow Sponsored by the real the elevators from Bell South at power sports. See how much commercialization This is what we need to do a QM because we have a big pay roll and because graves got big ambitions We got to pay all those teams that all those franchise fees so every even a promo has gotten out instead of one commercial that they got two of them in here Power sports at 10 90 West sunrise Boulevard in Fort London. Where is 10 90 West sunrise? Do we know is it near someplace over there? Yeah, no, no seriously. I don't know what that means. I know you know. I mean, I don't know where 10 90 would be neither Sure they can find it. Give your best to the emergency nice Argo fancy fancy CDs the keychain I'm on Howard David at once and the gym at it's once we have leftover for everybody who makes a donation while they last We might actually have some Marlon tickets. No, we won't a pair of tickets. So October fest this weekend if the German American Club in Hollywood will be available Though I don't know how he's gonna do that, but he says that's a now is that mean there's several pair or a pair I don't know what he's already what no idea. We don't know so go and see Miguel tomorrow between noon and two and find out if he doesn't give it to willingly slap around a little bit. He's easy Thirty thousand twenty five bucks. Well, least we got over the 30 more not There's something but that's more votes in great Davis gotten California last night And actually he got and they kept saying well Arnold is gonna be governor with it's very very close I don't have the final absolute final totals, but from the LA times I've got with my 97% of both counted Arnold got three million four hundred and seventy six thousand three hundred and one votes and the no recall which means the ones that were in favor of great Davis Three million four thirty eight you following that so about 38 thousand armally you had more votes Arnold which is scary in itself It is frightening man. It's enough to make me want to take a gigantic dump Oh, I think I'm gonna do it anyway. Oh wait about 25 to 30% of liberals and moderates abandoned the governor And Schwarzenegger had a strong showing across the political spectrum is the headline of front of the LA times Absolutely unbeatable. There's a really good article by Steve Lopez in today's LA times I might read it a little bit later. We have time under a lot of pressure today We're got to take 4,000 phone calls and say 25 Hail Mary's also Dear group and fewer muscles is waiting to office so what now right Steve Lopez in the LA times Dear group and fewer I just love that neck of a great line Oh God, yeah, he's doing the old group of dope Here's the fact that she's I'm not a sports fan. I haven't got a clue as far as baseball is concerned, but we're so blessed To have the Marlins in the playoffs because at least he keeps my mind off all the depressing stuff like that Farcent or West Coast and number two in Washington is gonna get away with another major scandal because this is the dumbest country in the world history hands down Contest over. Thank you for a very very accurate facts by the way to pull look at that 133 votes. I just took a puke at it Man, we're on fire today Play which of these huh flaming can't you smell it? Which of these statements do you most strongly believe we got 133 votes? You can say a douchebag Americans are poorly educated 41 Right now machine to be in American 36 America still a greatest country in the world 26 Neil is anti-American anti-16 and an American's don't give a Schmidt about politics 14 So 12% of the audience are saying I'm anti-American excellent See I put those on air for the segment of the audience that likes taking a cheap shot at me or you or you know We're probably the only show in history that does that because you know we we can handle it. We got thick skin George is got four skin. I got thick skin So here is this this astonishing amazing Oh, and also Miguel who's trying to come around a little bit he said that nestle's turtle is really good. He hated He called it Ben and Jerry's fish not fish food the fish. He just such an idiot And then he said, but I did try nestle's turtle and it was really very good. You write that awesome stuff But it and then it come out to find out it wasn't even nestle's it was Briar's turtle Which had you know Briar's made a turtle, which you got at pubics, okay? You're an idiot Miguel you're a moron Very sad you look good, but man you're dumb He says go to show that huh he says to model yeah two mama cycle can sit at number four eat two mama time being Anyway, so Miguel likes a turtle. So it's that public. So you don't have to wait for the nestle's turtle if Briar's is making it if Briar's is making it It must be pretty damn good now Sure because Briar's makes that score ice cream. Oh, don't find that. I sure hope you folks can't get a hold of that Because then you'll be cursing me out big time the same people who died from getting hooked on fish food because of me When they find the Briar's score ice cream that's SK OR then they'll know the score all right The blood pressure will be up to like 300 over 250 and they'll be dying over there, but with a big smile on their face that stuff is obscene It's so good Of course you're not into that. I don't know who it is the score candy bars score in heat bar. Yeah, that topy thing. Oh man Wow 27 past 10 at 5 60 WQM. Hey, if you got that big shiny ball spot like Lex Luther Here's the answer for it Chuck Alfie or he could probably even help Lex out don't forget tonight small over on the UPN don't forget Where I think they're gonna say the effort a couple of times according to that bit we got I'd love see if you don't know the time John Jones the song The video sex bomb. Yeah, do you know that sure oh? But if you don't know that the angiestad fitness is by love it. I'm just obsessed with it. That's what I've heard Yeah, I love you Anyway Chuck Alfie or he's the best in the world because he's got the natural heroine system He doesn't have some mousey looking muskrat that died on you hit her in some nasty runaway weasel or a ferret He doesn't have holes that he wants to drill in your head and the put you through all kinds of excruciating pain What he does want to do is have you sit down and absolutely no obligation give you a free consultation and show you he'll demonstrate it for you I just how much better and younger he can make you look with his natural hairline system It's the best in a business or she's by even a millionaires and bittiners go see Charlie and you have nothing to lose But your shiny balls butt because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells If you're not getting a hose at least 5 10 15 times a day Charlie give you a full refund and be sure Imagine my name because if you do you get a $200 extra discount at the Charles Alfie or he studios column toll free and say goodbye forever to your bald spot 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413 or log under was prestigious website at Charles Alfie or he dot com He's the biggest man is running rocker all time that he's not taking any prisoners He's actual sports nigga Welcome to the jungle. We got one end games. We got everything you bought. We blow your own down Axel Schwarzenegger he's all pumped up and ready to work take me down to paradise city As a class screen and the girls are pretty or as ticket grenade launcher for the sun board It's military industrial strength rocker all the way only Patel Schwarzenegger can challenge the urban ugly John Claude van Dam is a pitty Steven sick call is a get for the ponytail The only reason I did a film with the Beatles because he puts my Sponding off its actual Schwarzenegger exclusively on terminator CDs records and the Showness couple again of his expect of his victory speech last night Jaleno introduces him when he comes Walton out with Maria. Oh Maria. I hope you can sleep good at night now You bitch you disgusting sell out bitch Maria Shriver and you and his Kennedy Shriver the whole uh, oh man the guns a missboham And I hope they can look at themselves in a mirror without cutting herself shaving Maybe they can take them for a drive. Yeah That's a great idea. Yeah Uncle Teddy wants to take you folks for a nice drive over there in Chapaquidica Yeah, tip a few Blocked for a nice drive in a country and reminisce about good old times about poor Mary What was the name Mary Joe technique yeah Was that Mary Joe the same as Billy Joe the chumped off the tele hatchy bridge Ask Robbie Benson. He'll tell you how come he was not our poya yesterday. It's probably because nobody's seen him in about clover Investing to me. Yeah, we discussed today. They haven't seen him in a long time Probably about 75 now you'll know you're getting real old when Robbie Benson is 75 then you're gonna sell holy crap River Phoenix is still dead. I should point out here What while there's a criminal in the front of that now I'm looking at the second pool Which I was gonna start and then I thought wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute see I This is my band I left the word out here. What was the most horrifying death scene? Oh, I didn't leave it out. No, yeah, that scene Because we've done the horrifying scenes, but we haven't ever done specifically this pool If we do exactly the same one some nitpick rothioca. Oh, you're changing that like a January third of 2002 You did that pull yeah, well blow it out your ass. Speaking of polls. Did you look at the website yet? No, what do you mean the front page right up on top of the pool the new cartoon? Okay, well, let me take a puke in and okay, it's to die for is it really that good? Let me take a puke if it ever comes you are not or Matthew whatever the guy's name is is that This one is the This is the all-time best you are such a heartless bastard man There's sick-free to enjoy and there comes take out a nowhere huh? It's a trigger. Yeah, there he comes Oh, no And the speaker's bounce and pounds oh no Well if he would have had some we these that morning for breakfast, maybe some frosted flakes The probably wouldn't be the shapeies in today. Oh That is huh? What did you get that grow? It's my our lion sound if I didn't know that was in there Wrong that's bad I love that everybody must take a look at that if you want a good chuckle to the ad course some people But oh that's disgusting. It's in such poor taste. Well, it's only a cartoon character If the if the title would only be the cartoon's I agree probably still be a good shape today, you know It's still like hanging on by a thread So anyway, here's the final the very close to final numbers in California for those 10 people I turn the audience who we'd give a crap would 97% of those counted The first question on a ballot three call or not to be called the very very unpopular gay a great Davis A member of the personality like a dead fruit fly 54.4% said yes to the recall only 45.6% said no, so and they actually an LA county They voted against the recall, but in orange county they voted and all the other right wing parts They voted humongously they hate them In the contest replaced Mr Davis missed his Schwarzenegger lead his nearest competitor lieutenant governor Celia Cruz boosted him on the 47.9% to 32.4% with 97% of okay so in other it's 48% to 32% A gland slide for odd In an appearance before cheering supporters late in the night mr Schwarzenegger opened his victory speech by thinking his wife Maria Schreiber saying I know how many votes I got because of you Right Infiduced by J. Leno. Oh, it's just it's This is the end this is the end boys and girls they'd like Jim Morrison would say if he could it's all over So what the shoun Their group and fewer muscles is way too office so what now? I'm gonna read that later on that that's my one of my favorite articles of all time. That's that's his Storical Steve Lopez in today's LA times their group and fewer Oh 1951 votes on our first poll today which of these statements do you most strongly believe Americans are poorly educated 64 right now machine to be an American 50 are saying that America's still the greatest country in the world 36 Deal is anti-American 23 12% anti-American bastard piece of crap and Americans don't give us mid about politics 18 9.4% of nearly 200 votes in a shocking number they're really whipped up at our friends either Aren't they? That's because they're all excited because Arnold is got her California and the Marlins won in 11 in these last night My clothes had a home run to win a game and what more could you want? Huh? There got more bad wagons to jump on we got all those free tickets That's second poll. I also added the shower scene in psycho which I had to be right classic What was the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie father? Karris and the Exorcist Melting Nazis and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I didn't see that The impaled priest in the Omen and the shower scene in psycho with go tell me I can never think of her name. I don't know why don't tell me though all right toy Perkins and I mean she had like big billing in a movie she was in her luck for 10 minutes He picked the wrong motel. I'll tell you that. I can never think of who that is and as soon as you tell me give me your initials Jail Do we London I could be wrong because I'm thinking to somebody and I think it's who is it? Isn't it gently? Janet Lee very good I'll see you wonder I could I can remember pinky Lee yeah, but not Janet Lee Peggy Lumberjab. I remember Jackie Lee Which I'm trying to forget Jamie Do you want to hear the answers line nine hello Yes, this QAM yes, sir. Is Neil there please? Where you come from this sounds like the George tape sky Yeah, yes, sir speaking Yeah, how you doing buddy pretty good Where you in T. O. D. C. I'm in T. O. Yeah T. O. Oh Let me hear my computer out for a second. Well, yeah, yeah, go ahead I'm gonna short time we got that big one to two are coming up. This guy's a little bit What happened yesterday? I think you're right this is this is close to the end is Jim Morrison Yes, it is I think you saw it and end to American democracy and intelligence down outside in California You can't win a four-man ah, that's a guy Come at QAM hello All the rest since we since we had the rushed rug story man all the right wingers are like rattling their spirits They're all like the size of the oh, what are we gonna do look at it? They're having a fit they're having a Schmidt fit Because they know whether Pop the oxy cotton or the whatever The macy pads Wesley Clark's campaign manager quits Wesley Clark's campaign manager quit Tuesday into the spirit of the direction of the democratic presidential bid exposing a repeat between the former generals Washington based advisors in his three-week old Arkansas campaign team and for that jackass for the George tape's got a call online on to the let me just say this to my show eight on in California and we've probably changed the whole lot of Of the herd me Donny follower told associates that he was leaving a wide-over widespread concerns that supporters to use the internet to draft clock into the race Are not being taken seriously by top campaign advisors? See he should be learning from Howard Dean who's got that internet machine here. I mean, and it's pretty damn mean and That's what this queen thinks about that Raise a lot of money from the internet So Wesley Clark's already a spokesman for the campaign decline to comment follow also complain to campaigns message and methods are focused too much on Washington Not key states and the versioning power of the internet said to associate suicide spoke on condition of course of anonymity So there you go, Wesley Clark's already got a hint in bumps in the road 10 41 at five 60 WQ and if you've had bumps in your carpeting or whatever the hell they look and smell and feel like here's the answer for you Dry concepts to the best in the world when they come to your home you won't believe what happens when they leave Your carpet smell lemony fresh. They look just like brand new they're grown a couple of hours and you'll swear that Somebody came in and laid carpeting brand new on your floor while you weren't looking that's what a great job They do which is why I've used him in my house for over 20 years for a long long time You ought to be doing the same thing. There's a number on carpet cleaning company in the world And right now they'd like to save you a few bucks which everybody's interested in these days Aren't they? You bet dry concepts will give you chances to say 15 percent on the next carpet cleaning just call that tool free number 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 and ask to be put in their stand by list and then do our concepts will call you next time They have an opening in their schedule. It's like when you fly stand by if you're available when they have it opening They'll knock 15 percent off the price So called rock concept today. I'm gonna put it on their stand by a list. They might even over opening under the you call like today And you'll still get 15 percent off the price of the job and keep in mind No rip off. No scams. No bad surprises when I hand you the built-in of the job because they give you a written guarantee price right up front Before they start doing their great job call them today tool free at 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 be sure until that anti-american meal totally to call or just anti-neal would be good 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or check them on a web and drop concepts dot com I Care Here There's no wind and sights of this obscenity. All the dialogue and things prevail indeed. Swear and like a sailor on a three-day pass. Words are whole lot worse than I am. Please don't say the A. Call or will it be? Before it drop the F. On the birthday be. A draft for a lamp on the stairs. No talent will. The drop on a new TV. Early bright in the middle of smallville tonight. I can't wait for Clark to just wind and doubt. Blur did I. Hey, don't forget. Yes, smallville. Oh, tonight. Tonight. 1047 at 560. Here's a great thanks to this from one of our weird chronics. Right now I'm proud to be an American and choose the American flag. And where the stars in there used to be in the upper uh, it's got a swastika instead. And it says, I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United Republican American to the dictatorship for what it's worth. One F. Up nation under their fear, which stupidity and empathy for all. Sponsored by the sigpree and Roy campaign for governor. Roy. Oh, yes, who's going to be an American tonight? Sickreet? Yeah. Sickreet fishbucker. Oh, fishbucker. Fishbucker. Oh, is that what it would be? Yeah, he's going to be making growling sound. He's pretty unhappy about it because now he's livelihood went right down the toilet. I probably find some other sucker to go in there like, you know, play with big fish. That's a thing. 5605. Sickreet fishbucker. I wonder if he knows their growping fewer. I bet he does. But to the pretty tight right there. 264 votes. Which of these statements do you most strongly? Believe Americans are poorly educated. 99. Right now, I'm ashamed to be in American 61. America's still the greatest country in the world. 53. 20% Neil is anti-American. 27.2% and Americans just don't give a Schmidt about politics. 24. 9% of 264 stays shocking. Total in like about a half an hour, George. What does that mean? I don't know. Nothing. I think that the public is whipped up and pissed off to a frenzy this morning after seeing this debacle in California. Even though we have a lot of people out there claim they don't really care because it isn't just about some stupid ass a little bit person out of his father was an Nazi or something like that. It's about not even just about their growping fewer. It's about the fact that here we had another election stolen by the right wing in this country. And you know, this is going to be the pattern. And every time they don't win time like that article, I read yesterday about Tom Delay that we district being trying to do in Texas. So they can have a few more while we're public in the city in the Congress. It's unbelievable. And the public is, oh, they're straight. Oh, yeah. Hey, hey, nice chin, baby. See the hand of ring J. Leno up because he's got a chin and Maria don't. Oh, good. Yeah, so somebody was going to play a mean chin ball. They had to have somebody with a chin to play with it. So to play with J. Leno's chin. God, what a disgrace. What a what a a farce. So every time there's an election result, oh, this is now who's this from? Why is he doing this again? Oh, PD Lenny. I say, did you receive this yesterday? You asshole, I don't know. I get it yesterday. I talked about it and stopped. Facts of me. You're worth the norma can't you? It if you moron, PD Lenny go away. See, did I get it yesterday? Go to hell away. Okay, I wish I hope that the Mac truck runs over your ugly ass. God. It's just it's pathetic pathetic. The first lesson I want to give to all you kids out there when you grow up in about 30, 40 years. How many? Don't give out your phone number. Your facts number to any assholes. Okay, because sure enough they'll use it. Good lesson. Don't give it out. When and doubt don't give it out. PD, freaking Lenny my ass. Go away. You jackass. You okay? You civilen. You cigarster Indian clown. Always do this because they're all obsessed. They're just their entire life. We've all surrounded this program. In three years, or if I should quote sooner, like in a few days. What the hell are these people going to do? Fold up their tent and just throw it to the Vegas. That's right. Probably be on the cartoon on our website next. WQAM. Yes, speaking. Okay. Hey, you know what? I was referring to the question for you. Yeah. A couple days ago somebody called and told you about the movie with Johnny Depp. Did you get a chance to look at it? Not yet. Behind the night behind the something behind the fall. Behind the fall. Before night falls. Before night falls. Before night falls. Right. Before we got winter there's fall. I was trying to put up a few numbers in the night. And even somebody else with a George Say or somebody said it was damn good. I heard it was good from all kinds of things. I heard it was damn good. Damn. Okay. Well, let's thank a lot. Okay. Enjoy. Enjoy. Palli. Because times run and out. Probably not going to be able to get any videos. Probably only going to be able to get government approved videos and stores from Coast to coast. Probably. Schluckbusters. Gonna be deciding what you can see and who you can think of what you can read. Better go out and get that new Michael more Michael. More is a dude wears my country book today. Do we have to order that from Canada? Yeah. Yeah, but not if you're smoking a big fat one. Now I do have to go out and get that today. Because pretty soon they'll be knocking that off the shelves too. Because freedom is a thing that has passed in America. You can't complain about our freedom. Now the Patriot Act 345 are going to come along. Which means that you can't fart in public. Or even in private. Gotta hold it. And if you have like a dirty look on your face or if anybody thinks that you might be a little bit to the left of it till the Han man you're done. That's also lia lot. That's the best thing to do. I personally love this president. 28283 votes on our poll. There's pouring in the votes today. They're pouring in. How about some suggestions for other poll here? I mean a little by little. What? We got like one at a time. Oh they're coming on the fan. Yeah. What about on the phone if I take a lot more calls and stop BS and maybe I get some. What was the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie? Father, carousel in the exorcist. Melting Nazis in Raiders of the Lost Ark. Father, carousel in the exorcist. We didn't really see him. We signed go down the window. Yeah. Down the stairs. We did call the bottom of the stairs. Right. Coming to me. Coming to me. Kind of like a Kathy Wilts, always used to say. Coming to me. WQAM. Neil? Yes sir. Neil. Have you ever seen the movie final destination too? No. There is every death scene in that movie is like his hideous. Really? Yes. And you know what? I tried to get through yesterday for your poll about who still looks good in age well. You remembered gone well from Gilligan Island. Good choice. Hey did that. You remember Jennifer Wells? Thanks Neil. I'm your Joe man. Okay. Thanks, Bally. You see that dirty little nervous life on this agenda for Wells? How about the scene from the alien where the mini monster comes out of the cyberbots test cavity at the dinner table for your poll? Yeah. It's not a tumor. So we got it. I'm not going to write it. That's long. Because this requires a lot of iris what? Going to go nuts. Too bad. Too bad. We won't do this again. I reckon. Maybe tomorrow. We won't do this again. We want to like impose on his generosity in his time. Because he's a very, very busy guy. Many, many meals to eat. Look at this. We're going to have 300 votes in the next couple of minutes here. Next to maybe 30 seconds. How many? About 30 minutes. Man. Oh man. Oh man. A shivots. So what's the deal I was for Wells? He's going to like I do a religious show on a station? Pade religion. That's the way to go Scott. Forget about ego. Forget about all the other bullcraft. Forget about sports. Just paid religion man. You can bring on some different fake or everyday in charge. I'm like by the minute. We're going to get a basket and pass it. Now, Tisket of Tisket. Let's put some into basket. Got help us. Oh god. Which of these statements do you most strongly believe? 301 votes. Americans are poorly educated. 109. Right now, I'm ashamed to be in American 73. That's 24.2% of the audience is ashamed to be in American with this president with that government call of 40 even with 3000 miles away. American of course, look what we got. America is still the greatest country in the world 62. 20.45%. There you go. You keep saying that pretty soon you'll believe it. Neil is anti-American 29.6% Americans don't give a Schmidt about politics 28 out of 300. Monvote so far. Their group of viewers is the governor of California. And then the Michael Morrison there and obviously Tom and Cheeky said that he even suggested this book Oprah for president. That's what it takes man. That's what America has become. How about Oprah for president? I'll vote for that bitch. Anybody to get these Nazis out there? And then Solideth says, Oh, do you think America's really ready for a black female president? Uh-huh. Solideth O'Brien man, bubble head would be an insult if I caught her a bubble head. It'd be an insult to every bubble head who's ever been born. It was ever crawled around on a face of a globe. She is a simple, a simple and simple man. Solideth O'Brien. Another big true for these certainly not news network is they straight to rise up off the MSNBC carpet. Good God. Even dry concepts would have tossed her ass away. That's what a piece of crap she is. Solideth. And then you got the Aaron Brown with his pasty red wig. And then you got Jeff Goldblum who sits on air who don't want to say Not not Jeff Goldblum. What's his in Jeff Greenfield? Same guy. You ever see him, Jeff Greenfield? Was he in the fly too? Yeah, he should have been. I only wish. God. Just another whiny guy who doesn't say anything. And well, the voters say. And then there's that wolf Blitz Creek man who looks like he's ready for the next moon meeting. You ever see him and Rudolph has together. In fact, I hear wolf Blitz Creek gets his gas at his head. That's what I'm hearing. 1057 at 560WQ and by the way, those sounds that you hear that coming from California. This is those good. Get your hippo dad baby and start doing a old booster. Everybody knows what goes. Let's go. Who's that? That's what we're doing. Hey, let me tell you right now, great place where we can get away from all this crap. And that's how the Pawdee Act GMC. Go down to our chopper, new vehicle or I used one in comfort. Would have a smile on your post because they creature right. That's why Hall of Pawdee has been around over 35 years. And that's same great location. And right now my good buddies Tom Lamin and Joe Pareto are giving you the best deals going anywhere because it's the big 2003. Near Rogers blowouts hell and Hall at right now this moment. Here's Neal deal number one. You can save yourself up to 7 grand with a high-speed way to the year. Plus get deep discounts and all remaining 2003 models are put in the UConn and the Onvoy XL. Neal deal number two gets your percent financing for up to 5 long excruciating years. And listen to this, you can lease it. Hall at right now fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT for only 259 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and you pay only 2500 bucks out of pocket. And Hall at like always like they done for years. It's got the best election in town of certified pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs. No fruit. No lemon on the lawn and that joint. And if credit is a problem for you when you shop for a vehicle. If you've been turned out in the past, if they like raise your eyebrow and roll their eyes. It's not a problem because Hall at once to cut you deal. It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Hall at Pawdee at GMC 134-01 South Dixie Highway that's US want to cross in the falls open every day, 7 days a week. If you want yourself more info call the Neal deal hotline toll free at 1 triple 8 534 42 11. That's 1 triple 8 534 42 11 don't forget all Neal deals. Subtitacred a deprovalcy to folks in Hall at 4 details that's Hall at Pawdee at GMC who say proudly we are we be professional grade. My local year sports radio 560 2AM. We've been a user for a long time. If anybody has a opinion. Disenting from our way. We'll pay your name and to the sea. And in the me of yesterday. Don't even talk to quads. God. Just follow under. Everybody's hunting five. I just do it today. In the act of safety is a. We're watching our love you. Everyone got the suspect. So much fun. You. This is for the nation. I know you find. This is for the nation. I have to say. Yeah. I gotta hate those. And Clinton. They borrow. I need everything we can. Understand. Run. Blood. Blood. Water. We love your husband. We're hoping to be a new. Back as to yesterday. We don't mind to see our job. So. But that economy's. We're. We're vaccinated by. Hey. No. No. No. No. No ball proud. I wish everybody that. Everybody conclude. What does. Tube's the., t Kevin FO560 W2 QAMC Miles Baby Everybody GOOSTEP A couple steps across.ilosAPS Are cross. Let's do it. Let's do it. Focusing on next step, the economy. Right. Here, open fewer muscles as way to office. So what now, right Steve Lopez, the day's LA times? He says you can count the days now until Arnold Schwarzenegger is Governor of California. And great Davis is working as a groupie at the Marango Casino in Camazon. The final telly isn't in as I pour myself a celebratory drink on Tuesday night. But we've got something even more solid than a final telly. CNN just said J. Leno was about to make a victory appearance with Schwarzenegger. Perfect. A campaign that began with the late knock comedian might maybe not arise by him. And so we've had our little revolution and the new emperor is their group and fewer, which in Austrian means, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. By the way, those who believe the LA times was trying to knock out Schwarzenegger last week with stories about his grouping proclivities over look to important points. First, if the plan was to knock him out, the stories would have run much sooner than they did when they might have had some damn image, second, any self-respecting hack would rather have Schwarzenegger to write about them Davis. In fact, I'm from Northern California and I'm taking a moving back. I'll just have to wait and see if Schwarzenegger decides to actually live in a state capital or take the private jet home to Brentwood each night. One thing I have to say about Arnold is that his victory was no fluke. Yes, we all know this was primarily about the hated Governor Great Davis not Schwarzenegger. We know that was growing rage about the way businesses done in Sacramento, where lobbyist owner of L'Amaker, and we all know California's believe that it worked off on everything from electric bills to vehicle license fees, and they're not too happy about having to shell out for illegal's about to flock north for the free drivers licenses Davis is passing out. But let's give Arnold a credit he deserves. If you can trap on your own campaign promises, avoid talking about fixes for the state's problems, drive a homer in Smog City, get accused of pawing 15 women and still captivate and electorate in which Democrats hold a huge advantage, you deserve to be governor and the people deserve you. I'm reminded of the candidate to film in which Robert Redford plays a rookie who pulls off an upset wind's election of the US Senate in the last scene, Redford turns to his campaign manager and asked, what do we do now? That's the $10,000 plus question for Governor Arnold and all of California, now that this latest advantage in Sundry, democracy is trying to enclose. Right now we've got fiscal and ideological impasses state library in Kevin's star, Republicans want no new taxes, no new anything and let's lay everybody off, it's the meat cleaver approach. The Democrats on the other head have got to learn something from the Republicans, you just can't spend spend spend like you on a sugar high. Sure, but in such a polarized culture, how can Arnold or anybody else get the Republicans and Democrats to agree on the time of day, let alone find common ground on backing programs, putting it into borrowing and we're working the tax system. There's only one way it can happen, you may not like hearing it, you're going to have to hold them accountable, which means you've got to start paying attention to stories about state government, even when they don't directly involve big boy. Early in the recall campaign, I wrote the following paragraph about the lifecycle of the average eligible voter in California. Pino attention, Pino attention, Pino attention, Pino attention, it hopping mad about what happened about no one was paying attention. Sign a petition skip the election, complain briefly about the consequences, Pino attention, Pino attention, Pino attention. That's right, you're as responsible for this state's promises anybody else. Half of you didn't bother to vote in the 2002 election for Governor, you're probably still don't know who your state assembly and senate representative. You saw dozens of stories in this newspaper about the state budget and quickly flipped to the TV listings, you saw stories about campaign finance reform and you left into a coma. You didn't even pay attention when I told you, Davis hadn't obsessive compulsive fundraising disorder, and then we were going to pay dearly. You run CS until a celebrity action hero threw his Mr. Universe crowded at the ring. Then all of a sudden, your nap was over, you were a student-state politics and you buttoned the idea that a recall could fix everything. Well, guess what's Barkey? I like the idea for a public and muscle man riding her to where he's been happy to put a cleagest later, but nothing's going to be fixed overnight no matter what you were promised during his campaign. In fact, as you read this, the governor is probably looking this team and asking, what do we do now? Good article by Steve Lopez in today's LA Times. There's a broken fewer muscles is waiting to offer so what now? That's great. There are broken fewer. Let's don't ever forget that line. What a great, here's Governor, a broken fewer. Let's go step baby, come on! Forget the twist, forget the Holy Gully, forget all of these things, forget the hip-hop crap. Let's go step. It's the American F and Wayne now. 355 votes on a pool, the audience is foaming at them out today. They're like rabbi's. Which of these statements do you most strongly believe Americans are poorly educated at 131? Right now, I'm ashamed to be an American 81. America is still the greatest country in the world 78. Neil is anti-American 34, 9.5 percent, and Americans don't give a Schmidt about politics 31, our 355 votes. A spectacular total in dust and an hour, George. I think we ever had in dust and an hour? I think it's time for the hour of power, maybe a shower. Sounds good to me. That'd be a golden shower. Wait to near this story. Ha ha ha ha. I love it. Isn't that interesting? We're leaving it our pool, and you people are getting right by the way. Americans are poorly educated. What's in here this? Now the Gallup News Service granted George Gallup as a well-known Republican pollster, even though it doesn't call themselves such, but he's a right-winger. Not a real extreme right-winger, but like, you know, for a few years before the really was a rabbi's right-wing. But anyway, regardless of that, I believe it. Princeton, New Jersey. Gallup Organization reports, 45 percent of Americans believe the news meet in this country are two liberal. While only 14 percent say the news meet are two conservative. These people must have never discovered Fox News Channel. Ha ha, I haven't found it yet. These perceptions of liberal inclination have not changed over the last three years. A majority, and they must have been watching the news during the Operation Iraqi Freedom Business on MSNBC, and certainly not news network and all these others, because all of the people are watching and they're flag waving in the ass sucking. We just, I guess, my imagination. These perceptions of liberal inclination haven't changed over the last three years. A majority of Americans who described their political views as conservative, perceived liberal meanings in a media while only about a third of self-described liberals, perceived conservative meanings. See, the problem in America isn't conservative boys and girls. The problem is everybody else. Liberals, moderates, independence. That's the problem. We'll carry on as that politics sucks and it's boring, and everybody much rather worry about getting some pre-marlin tickets and getting laid today a couple of times. But the bottom line is that it's the other people who are sitting back on her ass while people like Arnold and everybody else is like in a feeding frenzied out. They've goose stepped their way right there and brought daylight right in Dave County. Let us in. Let us in. Let us in. They stole the guy in the election right there for your push with help with their hired paid henchmen on the Supreme Court. It is absolutely unbelievable is what it is. How there can be so many stupid people, 207 million people. How many people and IQ larger than their thumb. How many things? About 30,000. 560,000. 560. What's the most horrifying death scene ever in the movie is our... We'll keep this on for a while because I like the way we're getting that response. Yeah. Hmm. Chucking. Hello. I'm good Neil. Yes sir. How you doing, man? Pretty good. Okay. What about the Scarface? The... What's all? Oh, that's a good one. Yeah. I like it. Yeah. Put it on the A. Smallville. I know I think that kids look better and better every episode. What do you think? I'm not arguing with you on that. You got new soul. All right. Don't forget about those size 14 shoes, too, man. Five, six. Don't stick your foot out. Don't stick it out there. There's time. Uh oh, because that lion. The MGM Lion is right there waiting to grab a hold of you. Don't forget. I'm not lying. If I'm lying, you're dying. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty. How come I'm so whipped up to you? I don't know. I'm in a friendly notice. No, it's not that. You're excited about Arnold. No more excited about that place. That place. I'm so glad that I'm not there, man. And let's like, yeah, you are. They like to export it. They like to spread it around. You know, Greg. And there's stuff. What are we going to do? It's a fight. It's a fight. And wacky jackies on the foe. What are we going to do? Uh, grow up already. When you're pleased, you silly people. Poor Scott. Little did you have any idea that he was walking into a maelstrom of Mung when he came into that place. I know. I'd like to warn him. Poor Farah. I told him. I said, any, any, any similarity between this and a real radio station is purely Oxidental. Oxidental. But you see the Chinese are sending up their first astronaut. Yeah, I saw that. The only problem is they had difficulty with a rocket. You know, they're sending it on a slant. It keeps going off the decide. Providence passed 11 at 560 WM. Although I do like a little bit better now. Yeah. I'll tell you who's a killer brandy shoes in popular baits. That's right. They've been killing for over 25 long, excruciating years. Kiloma competition because they give you the best deals on shoes anywhere in the universe. All the top names that you know and love. Some you don't even know, but you will. Once you pop them on your foot. Rock ports. Echoes. Muffisto. Timberland. Clark's S.A.S. floor. Shaman. solar Network. six climbed a Jailman, a drive. Transmising Serbian, Tide marca 11 we noticed that the yo personal service so they make sure you get a perfect fit every time and you walk out with a big smile on your post. Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Paparovic The rope in daily 9 till 9. Sunday's 10. Do 5 and all this week. It's the big gigantic red tank sail at Brandy's You can take 50% off on all famous brand name shoes with the red tag. So stop in a stir for sure this week in the take a whole bunch of pair or pairs What are your like or fruits? Come and visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes dot com. I'm standing for the stopper from the track of everyone. We've been facing gorgeous daughter I today. 15 or less items is there we went to pay. 10 by wife said we forgot the kinds of rolls. She said I'm busy joining boob uns. Who have been gold? I said quote you. Please leave me alone. Oh, I didn't think I'm going to pass her stones. As we left to go up through your parking lot. I snapped a guard around my heart to beat it. I tried to fix it so it wouldn't pick no more. Yes, I was flattened in the middle of the door. So my guy says he helps with your story. I tell him why I think I'm going to pass her stones. After loading up I make you really more keen. My wife was waiting for her to come to the beach. Oh, there's my wife, she was remote to get the time. I asked her to keep a link there for the other day. They said smoke. You got her wrong. Oh, oh, I think I'm going to pass her stone. You got to save him in 10 or 11. I can't imagine but I know what this is. There must be 15 art pieces in color. You know, I can bite into rules. Not only free Marlon tickets, free antenna flowers today. Oh, everybody. Now this fact you sent me is that, Owl, that says her AC. What is the sound? Owl, I guess. Owl says, was Scott kidding? What's the real story? See, I don't know if Scott was kidding because I don't know what the hell he said. Because we don't get a chance to listen. And then of course the crossover ended about as abruptly as like, just like that. I thought he was just reading Bible passages this morning. But our crossover there was like, like I said, that was pretty much it. Well, he was in a big hurry to go in there and bitch at him and scream and jump up and down like Rumpel stills. Good luck, Scott. You'll need it. It says, by the way, I have a ticket for you to the Marlon Serious Center. Well, first of all, I have no idea who this is. And what does that mean? I don't know. I'm going to be there to go to the game. No. So maybe there's a ticket for you, Scott. Yeah, just call out. I mean, I didn't even need your self. It's me. Just call out and say, hey, that ticket that you had for Neil, he ain't going to be here and he don't want it, but I'll take it for Saturday or Sunday or whatever you want to give it to me. By the way, how about those Marlon's, huh? No interest in that in this crowd. No, no calls just like yesterday. No interest in that whatsoever. Let's get back to the important stuff. The most horrifying death scene ever in a movie. Although we do have four hundred and five outs under the pool, which is pretty damn impressive. Aren't you excited? I think you should just leave it. Go. Leave that up there all day. I can work on this one all day and then do it. And then put it up there tomorrow. Which I want to do tomorrow. See, that's not good thinking. You have to be thinking ahead. You're not thinking ahead. You're not thinking clearly. Your judgment is clouded by all the pressure and hysteria and psychosis that's going on in that building. Oh, most of which is of course being spread by. Yeah. Yeah. What? Nothing. Well, that's what I'm most of the psychosis. And that's staring at building gets generated and whipped up because of the. And his emotional breakdowns, which happened like every day, every hour on the hour. Although we didn't have a good health report this morning. That's good. How's that cold? Yeah. He calls Dr. Neel. The let me know how his innards are doing and his. Back home and all these other things in his privates and that's. It's corpoles. He's thinking of getting one of his nipples pierces. What do you say? Really? No. 567.0560 pound. 560 on the AT and C in horizon. Wireless line. Look at that pool. 405. Oh, it's so proud. And please. Which of these statements do you most strongly believe? The statements are poorly educated. 36.7% of this crowd. That's 149 people say. Yeah. They say. Right. Or a scott would say. Right now. Machine to be in America 92.2.7%. America's still a greatest country in the world. 87.21.4% can't. They don't want to be confused by the facts. Neel is anti-american 41.10.1%. Again, I put myself in a position of being a human punching bag. And I don't mind because I've had 30 years experience. How many? 30 men. And Americans don't give a shit about politics. 36.6 obviously. They did. We wouldn't have the. Uh, what's the totally. They grow up in a hammer. They grow up in fear. Yeah. The grow up in a. They grow up in fear. I wouldn't be the governor of California today. Regardless of what an asshole grade Davis. See, again, I don't play nemablanet democrats. What kind of a candidate is the Celia Cruz Buzdemonte? Yeah. What a joke that is. Always the same old crap man. You got Michael Duke caucus and Walter Mondale. Molly's other wimpy wimpy weasley out. Gore wouldn't have Gore. Who did win the election by the way, but of course not by enough. Not by enough to avoid the esteemed. You know, he's not California. What? You start nopped out again. He won by a grand slide. And speaking of landslide, I don't run by over million votes last night. Over a cruel C.D. Cruz Buzdemonte. Over Jose and Freddie Cruz. One point two. I think he won by like 3.5 to 2.3 something like that. In fact, if I wasn't so lazy now, went to the CNN website. Nobody cares. Oh, they do. Because it's got the updated number on there if I can find them. Here comes it's coming. Yeah. 3.567. 3.567. Tots and Tots and Tots. Like a boost amount of 2.383. So one by damn near 1.2 million votes over Celia Cruz. So nice going democratic party in California. No wonder you got your ass whipped. Okay. By a superstar by the Terminator is terminating great Davis. Even if any answers to anything, it is not how they're going to eliminate that 10 billion dollar deficit. He has no ideas about anything going. He hasn't got a clue about education because he never had one himself. But he sure knows how to squeeze a hot ass. I'll tell you that. Or even a look warm one. 5.670560 pound 560. He don't think we got to put the other pull on there today. What do you think Scott? Why not? Why not what put it on there? Sure. Yeah. I agree with you. This is too uh... I mean we had a really phenomenal response and that's good. But now let's move out of importance stuff like good death scenes. WQA and death central. Hey, now what's up? Yes sir. How you doing? I'm alright. I guess. I can't believe yesterday that somebody came up with that left Jon Collins off that pole yesterday. Yeah. She don't look at over 100. Yeah. Good night from New York. 560 five 60 pound five 60. Yeah. Let me say it again. All these people listen to Talk Shows for all these years. And I think there's all these hundreds and hundreds of people call Talk Shows. There's only about thirty minutes. Same people. Same voices. Like that first one right on the bottom. The second one. Line 9 there, that guy. I'll always with that same like, and the same tone. I think he's got it on a tape. See, he wasn't ready to go to his computer. He was starting the tape up. So we're here at the sound of his own voice and squeeze it all day long. He's squeezing and squeezing. Nothing's happening, but he's squeezing. God. Very very sad. The misfits, so many misfits and so little time, including the ones who are monitoring, and they're sitting there when they're listening, and they're writing their letters, and they're making their phone calls, and they're making up names, and they're doing all this other crap. Get our freaking life. That's my message, okay, wacky one and all you other ones out there. Get out of the life. All you people in your closets with your skeletons, rattling around every side. You running around in your underwear, yanking it all day long. Go get a life. Go find one. Get a search party, okay? 26 past 11 at 5, 16, WC, we got our big wins. They won the two hour today. All we can say about that is, a ride, bet, man. Thank the Lord. Oh God. Hallelujah. And thank goodness that none of us be living in California. See you thought it was bad, would Jeff Bush? Jeff, do I say this? I bite my tongue, saying it to the point that blood is dripping down my chin. Jeff Bush is a rocket scientist. These are genius compared to what they got in California. Oh, you notice with all those millions of votes last night, they got 98% of the votes count of already. And so it's only like 830 in the morning in California right now. They got 98% counted. Absentee made up for whatever ones they wanted. That's incredible. Hot they did that. Feet's me. They were checking for hanging chads and hanging fads and kads and a few moms and dads. And some of them, California's are looking for some young lads. But nevertheless, Arnold's got the big nads. 26 past 11, no, seriously. Look how embarrassing that is to floor to the fact that I'd like millions of millions of millions. And they had like over 70% turnout. They broke all records last night. gigantic turnout because they're pissed off and fired up at Grey Davis. And they had the odd, they had a big more of the terminator. But more could you want what a combination. Even at that, what is that place where they have the poison meat? Jack in the box? Jack in the box, they never had a combo plate like that. Now here's a fact that says what happened to Ferrell this morning is Greg. We trying to censor him. I guess he likes to screw with the talent and QM remember Joe Rose and says Greg read you are an asshole. But there's a lot of a lot of heavy duty crap going on. I'm not going to get stuck in the middle of it. Okay, because I already sacrificed two years of my life some years back. And had to go through all kinds of hell and crap. And I'm all for Ferrell. I stand by him on 98% except for the 2% where he don't know where to draw the line. That's my comment. Amen. Just yes? I said amen. Yeah, that's right. We're all behind your Ferrell. But just, you know, tone it down a little bit. Just use some common sense that article is almost like a self-affilling prophecy that's going to heroically tool Kevin Baxter that he has this propensity to guide self-destruct all the time. And blow up like a goddamn overwhelmed balloon, you know? Well, just put it back a little bit. Everybody still love you. You don't have to say crap more than two or three times today. And you sure don't have to take more than two or three a day. So just calm down. We don't want to lose for well because then you know who we're going to have back on as a lead in. Absolutely. Oh, geez. And I'm not going back tonight at Clock. I want to make that announcement public right now. This show is 10 to two period. End of conversation. Got it? Good. Got it. 28, 10, 11. 10 in the central time zone in Pioria. If your macros sucks, if it's worn out, if it's lumpy in his buffy, your back tells you the answer because when you get up in the morning, you feel like you haven't slept at all. Here's the way to solve that. And that's by one simple call to valamacros. Even the, uh, what is it? I can't can't take it in the name of it. The group and Fierre. You could open Fierre is smart enough to figure that out. Just a one easy call. You probably have Maria Dala number. Dala matris every single day. It's 365 days. You're off is of the top names that unbeatable prices. They got silly. Sort of tempered. Pete Ximins King coasters and foster he would. So call 1 800 mattress. That's all you have to do. And I'll help you pick out the best mattress for you. And you're back in the way you like to sleep. Like inside out upside down on top of a bunch of people. When you call one, I hit 800 mattress. You pick the day and time for delivery too. Any two are windowy that you like when you're going to be home seven days a week from A&A until 10pm. They show up on time and you'll be sleeping with a big smile on that ugly post. So pick up that full day and call Dala matris with low prices. Same day delivery. Free setup and willful. It's easy to see while to the best in the world and customer satisfaction. Please don't catch yourself. Pull and sucked in by those mattress. Shrooms of furniture store ads. They're not in the same league with Dala matris. 1 800 mattress. That's all you do is make that one simple call. 1 800 MATTRES or online at mattress.com. 9 5 And low This is 43056 2 2 2 And Billy Mays here. The guy who brought you oxy clean and orange clean. Now I've got a new product that harnesses another all-natural cleanser. Introducing Feecee's clean. Look at that red wine stain on this carpet. Think you have to throw it out. Think again. Just a few squirts of Feecee's clean. And look at that. Now you won't even care about the wine stain. And Feecee's clean even turns the carpet back to its original color. As long as it was brown. Let's put Feecee's clean to work on this iodine stain. The patented brown foaming action and the distinctive odor is how you know Feecee's clean is working. Now just wipe it away with a crumbled piece of this two-ply wiping tissue. Free with your purchase. Take it for me. I should know I'm Billy Mays. My initials are BM and Feecee's clean works everywhere. Your home office garage, boat or RV. Anyplace accidents happen. And even works on pesky chocolate stains and stubborn skin marks. I'm Billy Mays telling you that when stains got to go, you gotta go with Feecee's clean. Holder now. Oh my! Oh my! 1134-26 till noon at 5.60 WQ. I've got the Humper... We got the Mad Dog at 2. Don't forget him. Oh right! And then the Humper is on an inastudio 47 this afternoon. A rare local appearance. Then you got the Marlin pre-game with Tommy Hutton and Uncast Brut at the 7 o'clock tonight. 745 Marlin's on deck. So the first one is just like a little foreplay. A little rubbin little squeeze. 745 is Marlin's on deck for 35 minutes of excruciating pre-game a foreplay. And then 820 the Marlin's at the cubs is a credit to take a stranglehold on the series of it in the first two in Chicago. Don't say people say Chicago can't stand or whatever. Any cake follows the baseball game and Mark Eisenberg over at Werser Joe. Werser Joe Mama. In fact, I noticed last night we had Mark Eisenberg solo. You got Mark Eisenberg solo tonight. Let's take a peek into the rest of the week. Maybe Joe's on vacation, you know. Where is it? Where is it? Clarence. We go from Ed Kappen Thursday. Are we signing off? Is that what the deal is? Even Moids guy. What is this all about man? These guys can't even make up this schedule and they're given instructions to people. Good guy. Although I don't play in Clarence so much. You know who I really blame for all of this psychosis? Yeah. Just because he gets emotional when I do that. I love watching him cry. 560560. Here's some facts for our pool. Let's get the other one off here. Here's the final total. 465 votes. So, Stonyshegan just over now. Like I said, 471 votes. They're pouring in there. Pouring in. Which of these statements do you think we get in a free today or something? Why would be on this? I don't know. Exactly. This is the kind of full full we get the prepped on. Which of these statements do you most strongly believe? 471 votes. Americans are poorly educated. 180. Right now, I'm ashamed to be an American 103. America still equates country and the world 102. Neil is anti-American 44. That's 9.3%. And Americans don't give a Schmidt about politics 42. Out of 471 nearly 500 votes. Oh, I wasn't girls in just over an hour today. So, let's get the important poll off there. They're one about the death scenes. I know what would have been your favorite death scene of all time if the guy would have died. But he's still alive. I do like that. Drag them off the stage like a rag dog. But he's still alive. And he's given the thumbs up in the high five in the high sign in the high sign. A scary and effective death scene is Casey Becker's Drew Burham or murder at the beginning of screen. What that was very appropriate that you just played that, you know? You were even aware of that. Another psychic code even in the Roger show. The world's most psychic show ever forget about that, John. And what that was, you know, he's a piker when I'm fake and a charlotte. And a bag. And are you, is he? Well, listen to it. Does he speak like this? Oh, yeah. Does he have like run away? He's a big failed. Oh, no. Here's American history X. American history X. Yeah, it was not a bad movie. I don't know. I'm putting your mouth on the curb. Yeah, it was very disturbing. Oh, really? Yeah. UCF can. So that's why UCF can. He's been a little bit of a problem. You've watched as many of those movies. But thanks UCF. Can you American history X? Get that on there. But what is the OIC? That's the scene for your mouth on the curb. Okay. See this is a little bit complicated, which is why I'm not right to dunk. I'm not going to jump into a frenzy day. But all the stuff that's going down and going on and going in and going out, holding it out all over the place. I wrote curb stomping murder. What would ever you put on there? I'm sure Eric can relate to it because he understands these things. He's got a sick and personal name. Hey, he's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. Hey, he's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's got a sick and personal name. He's like, oh, no, let me try this and what's the other one now? Oh, here it is. I don't want to give you the tip off that it won't be a site. You probably won't be anymore. Ha ha! Ha ha ha! See? It went over bigger than hola-fire man, Handman. That was good. I don't want to do that again. But there's a simpler way to do it. One moment, please. See, there's an easy way to do it. It's like a... like that. So take a peek at... Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Ha ha! Ha ha! and don't forget Siga Siga. Siga Highl Gruber is going to be able to recognize King the Knight. Sink freed and without Roy. Obviously. What's his last name again? Groot. I think his name is Schickle Gruber. Oh. He used to be a houseman before he was out of the Tiger Dodgeing business. WQAM. Yes sir. Viva Swordson Eggher. Yeah. Out your ass. Moron. Viva Swordson Eggher. Viva Swordson Eggher. Viva Fidel Man. Viva Fidel. Some Cracker. WQAM. He's a Cracker. Try to be a Julio. QAM. Yes sir. Probably try to tie on some forcekin. Yes. Hey. Jocca still is having a toss like to me. He's having a prost to bust the meat to me. No he needs one. Well he needs one of those two. The main reason he's out of the sea is the toss like to me. Is he really a guy his age? They're right his tossals out. Everybody was saying he's having a lot of tossals. He was a guy. Sorry the last couple of weeks he was sitting. He was kind of debating back and forth. He was even asking for advice from the audience. You know that's to whether he should go forward with it. By the way, I'm pushing his fist to find out from the audience. I mean for crying out a lot of guy his age. Two laid his point to wait for his tossals to get tickled. Let's get him out. Hey by the way. Okay. The British nickname for Joe. Any quito. Okay and have a great day. Okay. There's one of those joint mark people. There's one of them. 19 till noon at 5.60 WQAM. What is it? Group in that group? Group in group? Group in group? Group in group? Group in Fjr. Tension audio mortgage shoppers out there. The following message could save you. I hell of a lot of money. Tends a thousand dollars. Interest rates for home loans are shooting up. For a medically. Just like some of our former board ops. But there's still interest rate available at just 1.95 percent from financial groups. So call and find out what it's all about. Call 1-800-9-4-0-land. It's true of the economy's changing. So if you even think about refinancing your home or if you want to move up to a better Relicated investment. This is what you ought to do. Pick up the instrument right now. Call financial group and they'll explain it to you. There's no obligation. Call 1-800-9-4-0-land. Which area do these payments you get when you have only 1.95 percent interest rate? $100,000. You pay only $368 a month. A $200,000. You're paying only $736 a month. Even a piker can afford that. So call financial group and give you the low amazing shocking. $1.95 percent interest rate you've been dreaming in paying 4. $1.809-4-0-land. That's $1.809-4-0. L-E-N-D, they're an equal housing lender. Greater restrictions apply rights up to you to change monthly 5.19 EPR. I bet local businesses five six years. The rears of yours. AAH! AAH! QAIN! By am I'm low green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! NAAH! It's like a red ring, red ring, green ring It's really circular, what do we need to snow? Or roast me kind and oozing us Like that one too, f**k fair I know that ain't common true So we're staying here to what I'll do I'll give my Hamilton a good ride My Hamilton's takes make me go National  I see you Club running, 24-7-1315 15 zamd money Another pedal, one-to-on, another<|pl|> Yes, it is Clearz with a motion L omking, correct? View of your pelvis So sensation. There wasn't horrifying, but whatever whatever they say. Well, it poll question is what was the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie? Who are we to argue with them? Yeah, who'd how are you to argue with them? How we would somebody who as she got older she would great? Who's that? Natalie would What she didn't get to old? See if she would have had the same skills as Sheridan on passions. She'd probably still be alive today. But very wet, but a little on a moist side. Yeah, well, that's how most you guys want them on a moist side. 560560 Count five sixty on the AT&T and for see I haven't voted yet. I'm kind of like in a catch twenty two here, you know? I haven't voted because my choice which I don't even know what I choose with me, but it's yours many of these. I'll pick something. It's just one of them. Father, carousel in the exercise. I mean, that was like kind of nasty when he went to plop and on his stairs there. And his head kind of like twisted around ass backward, but by that time we'd by that time in a movie we'd seen so much Gore and cuts and slime and puked that it didn't really make them. It was kind of attack right now. We were a little jaded by that. Yeah. But I'm not saying that that's not a good choice because then strong instead of the pull hook it all you know, Benauta shaped stuff like that. All I want to ask you. Jimmy, why you do this to me? And Raiders lost our head in the sea. Please, Jimmy. I'm afraid. Yeah, that was more cool than horrifying. In pale priest in the home and I did see that. I guess I'll vote for that even it would not be my choice. That was, yeah. It was okay. What about in the godfather? Any of the three where there are a lot of people got murdered, but I don't think there was any horrifying that scene even one was pretty fun. You mean when a tournament like walking Swiss cheese? Did it to my boy? Oh, look at this. The top 50. Yeah, there you go. The spashtot to Eric. Wow. Well, we're now now. You're not doing that. Are you? Also, great article in table. I knew November 2003. God and Satan in, well, in Benauta. Well, about Walmart. God and say, yeah, I don't know. Plus it's all over it. Oh, you're right about that. What horrible handwriting on here? But thank you for the list from the internet. Top 50 movie death scenes. Good fellow. Stamped. See, it's, but that's not even right. It's supposed to stop. Not stamped. So whoever put this on the web is a little bit jackass. Stop kicked last stand and shot. It was that the rubber stamp. Who was that? Good question. Maybe the guy that they, uh, oh, good. That's a good question. I don't know. I think it means the scene from casino. No casino baseball, bad at and buried alive. Blade. Frost turns into a blood blister. Gear hunter, Russian roulette. Man by its dog, old woman shouted to death. Platoon of this is a great list. Psycho. We got that top fiction accidental face shot. Yeah, it was good. Seven fed to death fed to death. Buttony. Why? It was gluttony. Who was fed to death in seven? The fuck guy. He was. He thought I was that. They were out of about the force that I didn't until he died. I just wanted to know what was in the box. Tell me the weasel. A clip. That's a good place for him. The godfather. That's what you said. Santino. The hobo tune. It's shot. Selling in the cause. You want you to just, uh, you're right. Thanks. This list in there. I mean, it'll break you. Just drive him nuts. Huh? Here goes. Eric, we apologize. No wait. No. No. Well, this is great. Just blame whoever facts this marker. Whatever this guy's whoever sent this to us. I can't read his chicken scratching. It's the 50 top movie death scenes. And you can vote for your favorite one. That's the idea. The poll nightmare on Elm Street. Howl it out by Freddy or we just go home. Hannibal disemboweled and hung. I've seen a few movies where guys were hung. The wicker man, Burton side of wicker man. That was good movie. The rock or the wicker man was good. This is what? Uh, see that. When I were back, I had a movie. Again, boys and girls, when I was there, go out and spend a lot of money like I did during the summer. Let's say, uh, a sleeper. See now now, for an echo, they could one flow over to Koofoo's and that's suffocated by the beginning. That wasn't a horrifying at all. That was, uh, Moril's ridiculous. Huh? Melancholy, little side, but nevertheless had had not horrifying. No. So cross that one. Maybe you should cross them these out before your facts are resolved. Okay. Eric, I'm going to facts to get with some cross out. Oh, no. Braveheart, hung drawn and quartered. I was pretty, uh, the mission crucified it over a waterfall. Trains spawning, toxoplasts, Moses, which thank God. I didn't, oh no. Yeah, I told you you didn't get to the good parts. Brain pops from cat. Schmidt. Isn't that lovely? The untouchables, Connery machine gun to death. Oh, thank God. So tired of him already. White heat made it mod of the top of the world. Gross point blank, pen to the throat, deliver and shot by an arrow. But I was pretty grim-seen. I thought horrifying was what happened in bed, baby though. Back to him. Hellraiser skin ripped apart by fishing hooks. Raiders of lost arc melted by angels. Time-cop. Doppelgangers merged to death. The mummy flesh eating scarves. I'm gonna scratch a lot of these out. Bush Cassidy in the Sundance Kid Shantpadi, Bolivian Army, jaws bitten in half. Starship troopers, Dina clawed in the back. Yeah, that was pretty unpleasant. Robocop melted by toxic waste. Warlock, saltwater death. Tatsy driver killed by long gunman. Running man chainsaw balls. Kiss of the dragon, headblood rush. Oh, headblood rush. Not a few more rush. The deep, Connery ill bites head off diver. Scarface, are we got that one right? Yes. Can we port it to Silly serial killer? Headcrest by TV. Fargo the woodchipper. The godfather, Markle Corleoni killed steam in the rest. I don't think that was horrifying. I was as a great scene. Was it horrifying? And first of all, he didn't kill steam in the rest. Ready killed too. This is the stuff you find on the internet is very aggravating. He didn't kill no stream in in the loy and Louise in the Bronx. He killed Silly. He killed McCloskey. Only two. Isn't that pathetic? Go to show you. When you look at stuff on the internet, like ask a lot of questions. Only two. Only a pair. Single by females. The letter through the eye. And seven kept a lie for months. Don't we have some of this from like their sounds for the land should be? It's two from seven so far. Right. Exactly. I'm saying what about sounds for the land. It's the only was one on here. I think. Which I can't even find the damn thing. So there's a good list. There's 50 more. So this is a list we got today. It's going to be gigantic. So I'll just vote for one just to see how things are going. Okay. And before Eric leaves. I'll vote for the MPL priest in the home and even though I don't believe that for a moment. In fact, the home was on again a few days ago. I actually seen it. One with Gregory's peck. Curves stopping murder American history X11 votes chainsaw seen in 1210. Alien eruption in alien. Eight. Do you believe that was Bob weaver? The came right through the Gornese chest. Charsine in psycho seven. Impaled priest in the home in three. And after that, well, we're just getting to go in again. The way to get those other 50 up there. Eric plays along with us. If not, nice known you. Four minutes till noon. Well, I'll tell you the times the way to the United States. We're going to have like a pressure pack show. I told you tonight. Right at the outset. I knew that that's more by psychic powers kicking in. Speaking of getting kicked into butt. If you got a big fat butt, the rest of you is pretty like how to gigantic overhang. Here's the answer for you. Balance for life. How's the beast doing? We hear any words on the beast. Hey, so that number six. He just waddled in and waddled out. And what do you say? I think you scared him on. Did he say? I'm fat and ugly and gross. He said. And can't you lead? Well, anyway, maybe you guys out there would like to get laid. Fat guys don't get laid nearly as much as guys who look a little bit better. Okay, so that right now. Balance for life can up. He lose the weight. Forget about a lot of those other diets that make you go shopping and count calories and count carbs and do all kinds of stuff like all over the place. With balance for life, there's no work on your part. It makes it easy even if you're like lazy, stupid or combination of both because it's all based on the principles of the zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears who probably is very close relative to Jean and Brian Sears not to Jay though. And what they do is they deliver right to your adore. Little black sack every morning by six an AM at your work at your home or he had tumbled at liver it. And inside that sack is all the food to keep you happy and full for the entire day. Once a week you fill out a menu in five balance for life is the only company in the universe that lets you choose between two choices for each one of your meals while you're on a program. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are in that black sack. And like I said, plenty of food to keep you full and satisfied throughout the day. It's all fresh. It's delicious. It's made with a best ingredients. You'll be astonished at the gourmet nature of the kind of stuff that they bring it. So instead of trying some drastic crazy diet regimen that makes you more frustrated and we want to gain in more weight. Do this balance for life. If you can't afford to be overweight, outer shape will third your could dive at no more. This could be the answer you've been looking for. Your start scene results on the scale within just a matter of a days. I'm getting choked up about it. So let balance for life help you lose that way once and for all call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four. I got a frog. I think it's from Agnode. Nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them on a worldwide wicked web at balance for life. Oh, we are supposed to be a five six four two a.m. This is the kidney. I like to relax by having their magna massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome on our new new hey California needs a governor who can stand up to the special interest. A governor who can balance the budget. A governor who can destroy killers, Simon's from the future. California needs Arnold Schwarzenegger on there who just like most of you speaks English as a second like which. So that's your totally calm move for the money man. Hold for me if you want to really you. Arnold Schwarzenegger you'd be just as good a governor as he is an actor. Hey political advertisement by the committee to elect anybody besides grade Avers Sacramento California. Covo one in five six to you WDQ at Mad Dogga 2 the Humphorid 4 we got the pre pre game at seven o'clock 745 we got the Marlins undec pre game 820 it's the first pitch Marlins at the Cubs right there in the middle of no solid response we've had that was maybe always the setting games even I didn't see it of all time last night 11 in these Marlins win all kinds of homeruns just gigantic shot semi sociatized it up in the bottom of the ninth and the Marlins come back and win anyway and I'm I'm a cause we had about that oh none but biography if we had tickets oh holy cow man holy cow don't we speak in a dog cow what is this from what dog track is this I don't know since we have page and the dogs are all named Jim managed Lamar Smith Brockmarion run Ricky run Hank Goldberg curly Howard Dave one stat and trace Armstrong all these dogs so I'm assuming this is legitimate race at the somewhere I don't know if this is at uh not but it's not a biscane er there ain't no biscane dummy at any rate so let's be flaglar how what am I talking about must be Flagler here's a a fact that says the most horrifying death scene in the movie was near the end of casino where the mobsters take batting practice with Joe Pesci and his brother in the cornfield and bury them alive or more accurately not quite did this baseball bat scene makes the one the untouchable look by sex with the five sesame street it's also factually true Oscar Goodman oi the lawyer and Kurt Meyer of Las Vegas represented the character portrayed by Pesci he has stated he believes that the FBI had the cornfield under observance for the mobsters meeting and witnessed what happened but didn't do not in the stop it kind like when father Gagan got his in the prison it kind of the same idea speaking of er burying alive oh yeah right on a completely different level there is the ending of the vanishing the Dutch French original version not the schmini american remake remake very psychologically disturbing although not physically repulsive like this you know they have the vanishing is very good I'm gonna have to go and see if I can get that uh the european version yeah oh you you're talking about the american version I beg your pardon which one were you talking about is being very good the american of the european no the european oh yes yes because that's how both not the american one blow but then again see that's my anti americanism coming out again and it is just anti-neal and anti-american and just a flag and just a bad guy and everybody listen to the show 16 votes for american history x is that something out of you watching it ain't bad you know about neo nazis neo nazis well she's good tiny men right I think everybody oughta go out and get american history x today okay and start stop and go stop it let us in let us in okay every election i was gonna get overturned until the right winger wins and then and then we don't have to worry about any more elections after that look at all the money we're gonna say right right it's got a happy ending 560 560 560 560 on a AT&T and Verizon marvelous line WQA and hello I uh Steve be seeming just put into a chipper shredder and phorgill got it okay got it thank you bye you all right what do you mean got it we already had it that's like the third was on that cheat we had a submission of that earlier and what cheat the wood chipper from phorgill yes you're a dream in man but it we had it I read it yes I must be losing I must be I would I would bet Scott's life on it that I never read that Lord have mercy from the from the list of 50 yeah I think it was the third one wasn't it the third one is blade frost turns into a blood blister and so are you gonna be in a minute if you I think I saw I saw that gaslight sure I'll find it because I got the uh okay you tell me what number it is on hero okay I'm looking at my list right now 47 47 is far go the wood chipper okay I can't say but you tell me number three I'm looking like right now it's hot well what a heat about Scott's full of crap God is you full of crap plus is he ever ugly or what I forgot how ugly was to let saw that picture so did my mom put to his that red post picture on our website speaking of our website don't forget to go and take a puke at it today believe you me you'll thank me all your children and grandchildren everybody in a block ought to come on down take a look on your PC and take a look at our home page you were very proud I thought Tony the tiger worked on uh on power that's ticker I know I'm just that now I'm starting to do that 5 6 7 0 5 60 Roy how 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line WQA and hello yes um if you if you want to come to the movie book there's a movie where the girl had played Joni and happy days that's all that movie yeah I can't remember the time he gets to get a few years like she gets murdered yeah she's getting banged by the space by the space creatures oh there's a different world got trapped by the slot Joni got her face pulled apart and that right excellent oh that's the best news I heard all day but what movie is that? can't remember when it's something planet nasty planet yeah old B movie I think it's the only movie she ever made oh yeah some of the thing years it's been years I can't remember the name somebody I know before I know something like that somebody will absolutely know all right thanks a lot pal thanks for the good news by the way I'm delighted about that what was that an obnoxious show and all the see there's another example of the portage to the American public just gigantic you know that's a good poll I think I just hit the mother load oh did you see this women's vote in the candidates even the women 42 the 37 voted for Schwarzenegger against booster money 42 the 37% and men overwhelming because it's determinated it's Arnold and the men can relate to Macho Arnold is a body builder he's a not a girly man although he did do a lot of guys once a part of time but that's beside the that's back before you met Maria with no chin but interestingly we're like three of them up on a podium and two of them didn't have a chin jaylen oh Maria and Arnold actually he don't have no chin no more either he looks like a dot ring old crowd is what he looks like to me 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon level is the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie is our poll question today we had that earlier poll and it was a phenomenal a spectacular Latino vote on candidates replaced Davis cruise a city of cruise boost about a 52% Arnold got 30% even of them beaners out there not good not too good cruise WQA yeah hello yes sir uh one talking to you speaking well near a wary my own hey Larry uh plays the dementia or he'll throw me I want to tell you the poll for a fixing asian and moving it's final final destination and that's the bus scene I don't know if that's what that one was the I mentioned did we have that George we have one or two can final definitely she's not ready I'm joking I'm baking he's joking I'm baking I mean I've seen bad things but that is like you see the person walking front and then you just imagine that thing smack in everybody it's for us it yeah I've just seen it but we wanted to great things let's get it down George we got a time man thanks thank you thanks where I have a great life nice I'll call you again five zero what they're like fifty death scenes in final destination they're all gruesome well he's for his and he should be put it down and not given him a bunch of lip is what you should be doing right now there's Arnold in America having arrived here in the 1960s as a impoverished immigrant to had nothing but his body building skills he was a big success in this country and of course focus in discipline of what's necessary to become a successful body girl hello he's the man a lot of drive and the voter sign is someone uh uh yeah isn't an amazing bill Schneider right now trying to rationalize what they did as if the voters really had this tremendous respect and admiration for Arnold based on something legitimate because he came here as a penniless immigrant yada yada yada in a parkage up your territory oh god CNN needs to be and they need to be off the area you know it something needs to like get them off the air and I mean fox at least they're not making any pretense they lie a lot but we know what they are and they're like a laugh at you but CNN they smirk they smirk we're gonna have goddamn bill Schneider he's under smirk and now he can't say with a straight face anyone who's who it is last time is Schneider uh huh crow you want kind of a crow when and out it's another crow let's kick them out no doubt about right now absolutely how's my doing fine probably rubbing his legs together like a grasshopper like a cricket like buddy Holly here's another list well let's see Charles and Lauderdale beat says have an excellent idea for your next pool you can call the pool just die already haha haha like that as in which that celebrity would you want to just go away what was the rate pool idea had moments ago that I forgot already I forgot to as in the group in pure uh yeah yesterday two albums from Elvis and two pack came out I'm sick and tired of hearing two pack crap from 70 years ago I'm sure a mobile appreciate this pool and a no-judges will be Roy Horn just die already I'm gonna put that in my pile of possible pulls for the future your pole pile let's go back to the future I got to pile of pulls better than Paul Pot here's one from Alex who just can't stop you can't control them some because he figures one of these days he'll set us the fact that we actually like and they know deep rising where the guys digested live by the creature cheesy movie but a gross scene do we know that no no well get it on her the scene in jaws where rubber trog gets eaten we have that don't wait I like to when we're uh Ron Jeremy eats himself the alien popping out of the man's chair we already got the scene where the guys cut up by let's see Alex always puts on stuff that we he knows we've already got just to be it because he's an asshole and he's proud of it the scene where the guys cut up by the laser beams in resin evil okay lasers the scene where blade Wesley snipes cuts Ron from an half of the sword blade two is the movie Alice also says how about some Eisner Mickey bits to I see Alex we're doing fairly well not great but fairly well to just start like programming the ass. Here's some more verification of the thing I was telling you about all of the nobody cares Schwarzenegger total amnesia and Ron e-mail show Arnold met with Ken later in the energy crisis say consumer group I'll save this for after the break okay because I'm not just one story out of somebody's uh some columnist imagination or some crap that one uh O-jamper vodka tour made up it's the freaking truth but don't confuse the voters of California with this oh brother it's scary really is yesterday last night was the night that America that was it that was the last day of the coffin of all used to be America always to love and be proud of and hope would uh a resurrected self no ain't gonna happen done finito as Mickey would say bad done 12 13 does he say that kind of like sheepishly? Bad done 12 13 at 5 60 W to QM if you're done with your crappy job if you've had it if you're tired of working your ass off and making nothing to show for it let past rain help you get to a real high pan career before this year is over just call our good close personal friends at fast train today toll free one 86 fast train be sure you mentioned Todd Dreck told you to call it give you like an inside track an inside wreck fast drink and every train and certified before years ended man for computer professionals has grown like topsy so there's no smart and no better time than right now to get you a new high pan career fast rain offers your all kinds of things they give you job placement assistance convenient they even you weekend schedules in is about to go and close to where you live because they now have four south load locations fast rain even offers financial assistance for people to qualify too so if you want to say good body or crap whole boss who just using and abusing you and is taken by that measly pay check every week or two weeks and get yourself a real career and change your life for the better this is something you ought to stop thinking about and do it today call fast rain get the information what he got to lose be set a real crap job one 86 six fast train is that under call check on a web fast rain.com and then make that call once and for all it'll be a ball one 86 fast train tonight at nine on the food network it's emerald dice clang okay south of night we're gonna kick it up like a hole cannot just what the f*** you platform for honey I ain't both yet chef Emerald ice clay leather studded apron all shows you had to do things in the kitchen you never dreamed of today I'm gonna show you how to smoke fish with my f*** it's a fault and nobody raises it be like Emerald ice clay Jack and Jill what up the hell come make themselves some stew and just like an oven chill needed some love and so he put his meat in their home is that genius it's a hotest cooking show on cable make a look at his what you're not saving you though you're not a crap my winner that Emerald ice clay right after iron chef put your f*** and snap ahead you can buy for these people with them full force only on the f*** and food network my team at five sixty w two m star here's this that we just got from the u.s news wire what is that California u.s news wire out of sports nigger i will hear is what it says internal and run emails confirm that our sports nigger was among the small group of executives who met with kin lay at the posh but in select Beverly Hills hotel in may of 2001 in the midst of California's energy crisis like a vintonia for days the foundation for task parent consumer rights which obtained the emails is calling on sports negative what doubts the meetings and a slow thing information that was presented and discussed the meeting with nronacard ten days after rolling blackouts dartin dark in California for two consecutive days sports nigger at previously said he doesn't remember such a meeting you don't meet with america's most well-known corporate crook in the middle of California's biggest financial disaster and not remember said ftc r senior consumer and a good Douglas Keller mr. schwarzniger should come clean about what happened at the meeting and if he shares kin lay's news on energy regulation the documents provide list of invite teased the hastily arranged meeting and list of those who actually attended only eleven of the forty five invite he's attended including Arnold the meeting was meant to be an opportunity to gain business community support for n runs comprehensive solution of the energy crisis in one email and runs vp of public relations wrote we like to position this meeting as an insider's conversation of what's going on with the energy situation this meeting should be for principles only ftc r contents and n-mont policies were responsible for these severe energy crisis in california in two thousand two thousand one the group noted that the crisis had dramatic implications on the state economy in state budget and will continue to impact consumers for years to come ftc r is called for a repeal of the deregulation supported state bill 88 three to re-regulate the state select vicinity system ftc r has been critical of enrods involved in the california energy crisis in which the company developed schemes were in manipulating in the power market that forced massive price spikes in the state since it apparently was important offers for its anger to attend despite the last minute notice short-sneger should now explain what happened at his meeting with enrods Kenny boy lay and whether or not he supports electricity re-regulation hellers said yoddi yoddi yoddi yoddi ftc r is a nonpartisan non-profit organization which doesn't support or post candidates for any office and had no position on the california recall how do you like that so there it is there's the third source we got on that because it is absolutely true sir but don't confuse anybody with the facts add who cares right nobody obviously just like our second poll nobody cares and maybe they haven't found us up there because there's only 102 votes on this one so far what's the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie curb stopping murder of reckonist rex 26 chainsaw scenes carfays 23 alien eruption in alien 16 chowersine and psychothertine uh... impale priest in the omen's got a meeting melting nazis raiders lost our six all let's try that one again five of the person he excesses five drew bear more murder and scream in an in the movie screen three Louise fletcher and brain storm two varied alive the vanishing and digested alive the rising and the lasers resident evil have none so far they're just waiting for their to get on there which if I'd re up and take a whole bunch more calls we'd have a whole more bunch that we need a whole more bunch all or you did the good thing you crossed off a bunch of those yeah from that list of fifty probably up in five hours or five eight crossed off about thirteen fourteen of them so that's not so bad air don't feel too bad only take a like to midnight to get on there w q a w q a m murder line i got a gift every woman in California free breast exam w q a m hello yes sir it's yunkip her over because i'm hungry he's talking about two thousand and two is what he's talking about listen sir let me tell you one thing that the certain people are learning last few days when you work at q a and like have always told you every day is your own keeper w q a m hello no except for the evening part yes chronic chronic your chronic i don't want to talk just the way he says my name you know that one i do i just can't take him hey he's not he's not bad he's just you just chronic you get on my nerves yeah so it's always that same sound like a whiny wimpy i don't i don't like your voice got it you're w q a m hello hi Neil how are you pretty good great death scene and i'll tell you that i don't know George knows about it day of the dead zombies rip a guy in half on the floor and he's right awesome yummy yummy time good to me it sounds like lunchtime and and in closing you i'll open you Roger show that was on one of them when that him it was either armler was done Johnson or maybe we'll stand major by the way Norma everybody hates you like poor is no okay i just want to mention that in passing everybody hates Norma's ass and arrested in two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line probably out of trial i nine with the dangerous don't you think sure w q m line nine yeah Neil Rogers speaking hey Neil this is Jack i know the answer to that uh uh joining from happy days right uh which since you got a close sucked off the movie was called galaxy of terror have excellent that's a name of the movie but it wasn't her they got a closer it thought no it was the uh blorn the retouchics with the blonde they got the her close sucked off by the slug which i've got great scene and Joni got her face uh crushed by some cables and her face explodes well i'll let you guys pick which everyone you like the best all right you will let that appreciate it thank you you know we appreciate thanks a lot this is a good answer to question very good galaxy there he's right a classic never saw that good well help no pretty sounds pretty cheesy well she got the man handled it and abused i want to see it over and over again i look what we got on the drive and movie channel herkillies i'm using 23 hope it is a spot on now what about independent film channel i'm more Leonard i just get the fuel off robbers the character oh it's real real it's like one of those filler things where they have the interviews you know about making a movie is these are pretty interesting though oh and uh kill bill i bet you that and they're there this and pretty heavy stuff is that how he enters the coming out this weekend come and see because i read nothing but really gnashing ripping and uh just everybody's up at arms and quintin turntino is a crazy person then he's just yeah all uh huh he is a crazy person he's all this crazy is putting more cellos i like real more cellos myself yeah i can't deal with all these uh we're supposed to like be doc servants and fans and anybody whoever and then they're all Paul shafarass hold at the fact with a wife on uh letterman all the band leaders i don't really give a crap who the band leader is on some stupid as tv show you know right no band leader i know that makes me very unamerican but i don't give a flying crap who the band leader is on some stupid as tv talk show that's on a water clock in a morning i don't really care okay whether it's quentin marcellas wind marcellas uh veal marcellas i don't really care what about large walk well now you're talking about it now you're speaking a different tune how about the layman sisters five six seven oh five six the i know i had that stan freeberg thing in here that wonderful wonderful thing and it wasn't part of what it was it was in the dc s i played it from the dc s yeah and then we're let's hear it off both of them and yeah wonderful and oh no no no no no i know what it is what and it still isn't here i put it in there where he said g dad it was a more let's what was that under i love that uh i don't maybe it's under g dad now damn it sound under warlotser i'm sure was somebody did or with our dc s okay somebody stole our freaking warlotser and Lawrence walks body god dammit hey Brian we need that again yeah we need that stan freeberg thing again Brian once you got him rock with us a studio about you get your studio and your house and all your life put back together again you bolted a geek 27 past noon at five sixty wcum all the way did send me some stuff oh hey i'll say how you do it this week we'll get to it hey listen the party's over it's not time for last by now almost today almost blew it in fact let's just do all the live spots together because that's the way the water not see likes it and local your sports win The You Pay scolding let's go finally take it you hey and theaters now star wars episode one the fans and studios early skywalker very one can open and mo two d two oh my god oh my god oh my god yeah Wednesday to you second is that number seven just to play? yes? what? I was making fun of Spanish speaking people on TV and you played that lunch oh oh oh the United States a lot of democrats are probably breathing a lot easier today knowing that this Kennedy clan at least a big chunk of them are on board well there's no doubt that that makes people feel better about where Arnold's real political sole lies but again it really comes back to how how Schwarzenegger is what? uh how are these people talking about oh that's certainly not news network i forgot it was Wolfwood's Creed blitz Creed is that a rebel? uh uh uh they're broken viewer crow rolling uh clear zethy c do not call list here some good news okay i don't want to leave you with our good news we got our big one and two comedy bit hour so we're like short i'm time uh Americans get again signed up for the national do not call list to fend off on wanted phone solicitations after a federal appeals court allowed the government to fully punish air and telemarketers at least for now and i could tell yesterday the phones have stopped bringing in my house um uh uh hello ya no mo with all those envoy i don't know whether is me or well that's because i'm unlike 80 million credit cards and all those other crap i'm probably on every damn list going bud not no mo no mo no mo I'm damn annoying calls no mo no no no no no the 10th u has struck are quite of appeals yesterday temporarily blocked a lower court order barring the FTC from enforcing the registry a more than 50 million numbers, 50 million Americans even as dumb as we may be can't all be wrong. The Supreme Court has held that there is undoubtedly a substantial government interest in the prevention of abusive and coercive self-practices through ruling be Sam. The court questioned the conclusions of U.S. District Judge Edward Nottingham of Denver, who said the list violates the telemarketing of the series' free speech rights by burying calls from businesses but not charities. It also noted that Congress had found some telemarketing calls of Dickick and Sumerstice substantial fraud, deception, and abuse. FTC Chairman Timothy Murris called the latest ruling a victory for American consumers and said his agency will return to enforcing the list to which we say, A RIDE! The FTC heads stepped in and last met a tantal enforcement long-deregistry take effect last week, Yadiyada Yaddy. The court by this and finished, though, the appeals court said the FTC can run the registry while a challenge from telemarketing is wind that's way through the court's oral and anal arguments were scheduled in Tulsa, Oklahoma, November 10th and of course, Oklahoma there and too happy about those oral or anal. If you ask me, you think? Probably not. So charities are exempt from this. According to the news, she's busy saving though Sheridan from a sure-fade kind of content. If you'd start watching passions, you'd start catching onto the good stuff, okay? You'd see Edna Wallace on there and you have a life-ur-ass off her and precious and the Agatha Mishbhaja and Charlie, Charlie the Bull Dyke who wants to take poor beth away like a live-a life of lust and licking forever. She wants to get her licks. Speaking of that, what a great segue again. The President of Loyola University in New Orleans resigned yesterday after he was accused of sexual misconduct while he was at a Jesuit prep school in Indianapolis in 1986. Well, it must be just another isolated incident, though, to that of course. The Reverend Bernard Noth, a Jesuit priest, submitted his resignation to the Roman Catholic college under new church rules that say if a sexual allegation involving a minor is deemed credible, the accused should be removed immediately if not sooner. Noth, I think we're going to fart. Oh, I just- The Hodge! Did you hear? Yeah. No, seriously. No, I didn't hear. You didn't hear. I can smell it though. Good. Oh, man. Noth, President of Loyola since 1995, he should have stated that any inappropriate conduct. The Reverend William J. Byron was named acting president. He was dean of Loyola in the 70s and writes a citricated column for the Catholic news service. Byron said that, oh, you're right. It's a thing, man. Byron said that if the allegations are approved, this is another event in a series of tragic events that comprised the greatest crisis the church has had to deal with, he said no student at Loyola's ever brought sexual allegations against Noth, a statement from the Jesuit orders Chicago, Chicago Province said the sexual and college allegedly happened at the Red Booth Jesuit prepschool. Red Booth, the Red Booth, Red Booth. Byron didn't say when a complaint was made a but apparently recently the state of Michigan, Chicago said the complaint triggered an immediate investigation. Kisland Highway Review Board which found the allegations to be credible. How do you like that? Oh, right. He done it. He done the deed. 560, 560 so far at our pool, curved stomping murder in American history, exes leading with 35 to change. So I'll see you in Scarface right on the ranch though with 31. Alien eruption 18, Characine, Seco 17, the impil priest in the home of 11. A lot of people waiting for theirs to come up on here. Like when Eric hits us other 5,000 on there, 100 and 37 votes is all we got on this so far. What are these pages and pages your faxier is one from Mike? How about the scene in saving pride when that Nazi in the American soldier and that fight sequence in an upstairs tower? And the German soldier slowly grabs that technical hunting knife through his chest while whispering to the American to hushes if he were telling to die quietly. Why him wanted to kill him lightly? If that didn't top off, remember his friend, I see, his pussy friend, we can say that. Hiding out of the staircase crying and in the background, you hear his buddy slowly dying and gurgling blood. Oh, Mike, we got that on there. Like, yeah, not see nothing. Nazi and I can save the private run. Oh no, what is this? About Rush Limbaugh and all these how many more pages? I'm third man. Two, which of course you will not be forwarding. I don't have I. I can't afford to be chopping drought oak trees here in Toronto, okay? Kathy, a lieutenant democrat says, 14.7 million dollars raised this quarter, $77 average donation. Are you any more convinced about how are Dean? What does that mean about how are Dean? I don't know. She must not think you like it. I love how are Dean. That's my man. That's my man. Man is how are Dean Kathy. What you be talking about? PS4 get California. Rumor has a gram will be on Dean's ticket for vice president. I like that. Sure, works for me. Dean and Graham. How are you and Bobby? I like it. I don't understand she says, have in fact since May, well Kathy, I know you're arguing you're appreciative of the choir. She says the chainsaw scene in Scarface, Eek is what she says. Yeah, not only people in cartoons said Eek was the Colombian chainsaw massacre. Like, boohoo. Right, there's certain there's certain expressions and sayings that nobody in real life actually says only in cartoons. Eek is one of them. Boohoo is another one. You ever say boohoo? Not lately. That's one. Everybody knows Greg Reed always says boohoo. When Eek or his name mentioned. Michael, you just have to be done for me. Just the first part. Here's a message from Tracy and Kendall. I don't know if you recall in Devolution Man when Sandra Bullock talks about the future when restaurants will all be Taco Bell and Arnold will be present. It was funny then, but it's scary now. Good point, Tracy. How about that? All restaurants will be Taco Bell's and Arnold will be present and will be wearing hip boots and goose stepping. Well, we can see it and singing Deutschland Uber, Alice, for their group in Fura. I'm starting to catch out of that now, you know, I love it. They're open Fura. Anybody, see, what's we get the other ones on it? And they will have like Zidians of both, but they're all waiting. They're like Leian back. What's really high, Sisi? What's going on? The sun, so I can tell now when the motifs are lifted up by skirt. He said, I live alone alone alone. He thinks he'd do the right thing down like a downhung like a girl with a girl with a girl with a girl. I'll say, I'll say, I'll do enough. I'm all wrong Republican. One Santa Monius, Chris God. My colleagues have a big thing. Where we pull off the ranks. And dress up like we're all this golf balls. We'll tell you what's just in right. And I'll run your life. Because our morale is so much higher. And we'll decide what you should think. Wow, just a bit. As we rinse the nuts off of you, come back, off. Oh, what's he called picking a dragon? Just a fire. And they're just in the hats of hurricane. And they're the strength of your child. We support our ticket bush and stay on bush. Some media is in our control. Come time, John Askcroft comes around. Poison pants down. Or the put-on tongues up his fun horn. Back a little geophobie. Transvestite. You're an acts of hurricane. And the spray. A port. I wish you could be transvestite. Yeah, I'm so very happy. And the spray. Speaking of crit kissing the old brown eye. I hope we get tomorrow morning. It's Thursday 6.45. Mohour David puts the old tongue. The old insert in the J. Feeber. Absolutely. And pumps him up. Time to pump everybody up. Don't you think? Your husbands were wives. I agenda. I thought she was incredibly impressive on the campaign. Oh, man. Well, bloodscreens. He's already. He's drinking his beer by the gallon. What a bunch of crap. Here's a fact. It says when I fetched in May about how we're doing. You said you liked him, but that it would never happen. Well, that's going to happen. Well, guess what, Kathy? A crap happens, okay? Now, she's going to say, oh, you're calling him crap. I just said crap happens. Stop being so uptight, Kathy, and have a wonderful day. Here's Aaron and Paul Middle Bay. Who rhymes with day and gay, who says I want to add the scene from Devil's Adicative Advocate where piano Reeves wife slowly slits her throw with a piece of glass. And of course, if you ladies out there were married to Canaryves, you'd probably do the same thing. The movie was very weak, but that scene left nothing to the imagination. Also, could either you or George please tell me the name for that infectious. Senior Cruz Song. Now, assume the one he's talking about is the one that goes like... Is that a lady? Is that a lady? Is that a lady? Is that a woman? Is that a woman? Is that a woman? Is that a woman? Is that a woman? Is that a woman? Is that a woman? Is that a woman? Please call a bit of it. Is that a normal Spanish? Is that a UCAR? Is that something in it? He said, please spell a bit of it. Jesus Christ, George. You and Kathy ought to be getting it on. There's something maybe you could like instill something in each other. What does she look like? Kathy? I don't even know what's the deal. I'll see the Cruz. What's the name of the song? Nanegra. I beg your pardon. Yes, she does. LA. NIGRA. Just like it sounds. That's Spanish, Ben. The shards sounds. Yeah. The shards are again. All the shards were that... What about Donna? Before after he popped... That oxies. Cotton. Here's some suggestion for today's poll. Tony and deer field says the lust murder from seven. I'm sure there are a lot. I saw seven many times. Some of these things I don't recall. Because the other... the scene where he says, What's in the box? It's overwhelms me so much. Just because it's his wife's head. Anybody saw it? I guess it is rooted for you. It's Brad Pitt's wife's head is in the box. Oh no. You just ruined it. Yeah. Don't you think it's been out long ago? No. Obviously. That's why I'm saying Bella LaGosey gets the stake through the heart and the end from the purpose of unhealsing at the end of Dracula. Hey! Yeah, but he made a lot of other Dracula who was after that. He made a Cullo. It's deeply disturbing that Maria Schraber obviously is reading an email. But they moved it too quick about ripping her an ass about becoming a turncoat and supporting her husband, Ommel. What's the fact that women I was or email? Kevin, you got that one down? What the Kevin, why did you force to do? You a girl with a huge spiked strap on? Ouch! It says, is it? It's pregnant. No, you can't just write seven. Is he gonna actually put those other ones on there or what's it deal? You'll be a lot of testing. Is he protesting? Kevin, maybe he's just eating. Kevin Dillon crushing some poor staff skull with a butt of his rifle and put two. The sound and see the blood splattering. Truly sickening is what it says. Oh, rock, that kind of movie. I never saw a platoon. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. There's so many good movies I never saw. That's what makes it good. There's so much work to do in so little times. Which is great. And I wore. Russell, Cros, two sorted the computation move in gladiator. And then Tony, who was doing really well until he got to this, how could you miss the alien pop up scene in Alien? Do we miss that? No, it's on there. So on there, it's number three and listed. It's got twenty fee vote. So get with the Tony. We're doing really well until you like a blue it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQAM, hello. Mr. Rogers? C. Ski. Ski. Ski. Yeah. Your test genius brother, all they could feed up in that crazy. They made up there with the baseball bat. Baseball bat in very alive. That's on that other extended list. And then he put it on or he eventually went down. All right. Well thank you Mr. Rogers. I'm sorry. And Oscar came to you all he does. Ah, Ski. Hahaha. What did he say? They called me a CC. 560, 705, 60. Maybe I'm kind of saying Francis, you think? No. Oh. Have you know? He wasn't. How about saying Francis over here? Oh, let's do some harness racing stuff. What do you say? Okay. I should probably put on the horse racing channel. There's no harness racing at this time. We're only nine minutes away from the first race at Belmont. And horses are coming. Look at talk about psychic. The horses are coming out of the walking ring there in the paddock. And they're coming out of the track. And I've got you momentarily. We'll hear the voice of the great Tom Durkin. Old red. You think? I wouldn't know. Well, I'll just need to pop open. And then like if he's, huh? Leave it open. He'll say the horse is entering the track for the first race. And you got it. What are you going to say? Good old red. How's Harvey Pacto? And he died? Errr. He's dead. 560, 560, pound 560. Too bad about horse racing. It's really very enjoyable. Harness, stirbread, et cetera. Too bad that only old cochers like me go to it. Oh, that's the problem. There they are. Took a while. Because it was a long list. Oh, they popped up there. Oh, my God. I'm doing this to Eric. Oh, now, how did I do it? You somebody fetched this to you. And then you fetched it to me. That's the way it works when I'm out of town. And I would touch with what's going on in South Florida, quite a time jica. And by the way, speaking to that, I'm so poor, Ericka. I apologize, Eric. I don't want to ever do this to you again. The list is so freaking long. There's 170 votes. It'll probably double in over any second. Because now you've got a lot of good choices on Erick, including the one probably that many of you have been waiting for. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. But it sounds pretty good. Now, what was I just saying before you interrupted me so rudely? Tom Durkin. Oh, Tom jica. Or some other Tom Dick. And here in Tom Jerkin is Tom Jerkin probably has heard of her. Hey, Tom quit doing it. And let's hear the apostrid for the first race from Belmont Park. I don't even know if he's working today. This could be like today that I try to put Phil Salzman on there. Not yesterday, but the other day, remember? No. And he wasn't even working. Tom Jerkin ate working. Tom has worked in a Jerkin. And anyway, Tom jica's jerkin. Because Tom jica, who said that I was out of touch because of the Paul Sussafler, which of course is a jokin itself. Here's a guy that has meant a local constant before Jesus was an embryo. Man, oh man, who the hell are you? Schmidt and man, the Schmidt, myster, Tom jica. All he writes is every single day when his column appears to be a puppy. Now I shouldn't say that. Let me, I didn't look today. Because I was too honored intensive this morning. Look at about all kinds of good stuff. Bad stuff. Where the hell is it? Where is the sunset and the website, George? I don't know. Am I list of my least favorites? Oh, geez. There it is. One moment please. Okay. Of course is there why I don't hear nothing to you, hear anything? I don't hear Jack. Good. Ha ha ha ha. That's the best news I've heard all day. Okay, here's the Sun Sentinel Home page, which is for some reason. I don't know why it's so goddamn slow. Probably because it's coming from there. Columns, columns, columns. There's a embattled election supervisor, Maryam elephant. She's on there. Michael Mayon, I would, he already wrote his book, come for this year. Nice going Mike. Home movie focuses on notorious Cuban prisoners. Wow. How do you like that? This is almost a, with a south Florida flavor. There's often a disconnect between stride elements of south Florida, Scuban American, who knows from other backgrounds when it comes to anti-cuban Castro firver, which still sears almost the halfway out of El Pracito, the trip back and up explained the unwavering hatred. El Pracivio. But what does that have to do with south Florida? Just only indirectly. So that's as close. See there's my psychic powers again. How do you like that? I'm seeing these horses all over the place here. They must not have the pot opener, something on my racing channel. Because it's only six minutes the post and post times. But he had your chance time you'd go back to jerking, jerking. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. WQAM, deadline. Hello. Pretty good. You know, that story you read about the, Arne, meeting with Ken Lay, Yep. You know, prompted me to call you. Greg Palis, is one of the writers for the Guardian. And he's been all over this story. I read a call by him as he yesterday or a month ago. Yeah. Great call. And Rostero was involved in that with his company called Energy Strategies. I don't know. Right. I don't know if you can. Yes, I do. And you know, something that I find amazing about all these talking heads on the gerbills news networks. Is, uh, how is it that they are trying to spin this as some kind of grade day, was our democratic conspiracy or campaign that in the last few days, all of these stories come out. When all of these stories have been out, you know, since the 90s. And this is a little bit anticlimactic though, not having this conversation at this point. Yes. Yeah. Well, I'm just talking about those and the way that they're spinning it. Yeah. It means that the whole, a lot of people that made a good point last night. And that is that Davis, who's a very inept politician to begin with, he made a really bad move on Sunday when he like started joining in with all of this and pining on to it and saying that there ought to be a criminal investigation. If he just wanted to say that he'll let the voters decide and if you would have shut up, he might have gotten some miles. Be still was going to lose his ass. I just, I can't, he's totally in that. He just blew it. I agree with you on that. He added my hand to Greg Palace to come from Friday, October, Tired Arnold, unplugged its Ostelevista, $9 billion of the governor's selected. And it's one of the best things ever read on the year was work. If you go to his website, he's got a whole series of columns that he was doing this investigation during, actually during the energy, the California rolling blackouts. Right. But my point was earlier though. What is the demonizing of the LA times of being some kind of left wing? Yeah, but that's old nose. It's over. The elections over. I know somebody will pinch you. Believe me. In your case, probably pretty soon. Somebody will pinch you. Wake up. It's over. 1256 at 5.60 WQAM. Wow. He just, I hope he has a sweet, a gay day. Speaking of that. Yeah. Why? Why don't he just, he's just a little bit hysterical at one there. I mean, his comments were good. He's a little bit. He's a little out of control since it's already old nose. It's a dead meat. Just like a great Davis dead meat. In fact, that's how you tell when like me does bad when it's great. Right? Right? Ooh. Green isn't good, but when it turns gray, oh boy. When it's out, toss it out. Hey, listen. Speaking of food, balance for life has got the good stuff. They bring your little black sack right to you during every morning. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks at the in there. The food is fresh delicious. You'll get omelets and frittatas and chicken dishes. And a few beef dishes and all kinds of really neat stuff pass on to Bob again. Please. It's all based on the principles of the zone diet, which is a very effective program, but it's very complicated. The good thing is they do all the figuring and all you have to do is the eating. Just pick up that sack every morning and believe me all the good stuff is in there. Right in your sack. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting. Nothing to finger out. And in fact, balance for life like I always tell you is the only company that's to pick between two choices for each meal every day that you're on their program. But balance for life help you lose that way once and for all you'll start seeing great results within just a matter of days on that ugly nasty much hated scale. Call balance for life today. Tool for and that's not tool free. It's a brewer number nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine whatever to charges. It's well worth it to start losing that weight and get your health back nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or get more info about their great program on their website balance for life. That's my life that comes. This is for trail by city. You way. I'm Judge Roy Moore in the next best thing to watch an end. Colter Spak Maddrog is the nail Rogers Baron balance one to two hour. Don't you bother me while I'm in here. I thought it's nicky moss. Oh, Mr. Mouse good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing sir. You're freaking killing me. No, no. I got there to kill me call me every three minutes. Why did we move the protest? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you what you must. I'm going to stop me. No sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, listen but wipe on the boss. I make the decisions you take the heat. Right. You all know the practice. Okay. How are we doing? Anyway. Hold on. What are we? Remains. Evil shot. The hell up. I'm on the phone. Remains. Yes. What was your question? I'm telling you. I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and the local Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Readers. Yeah, here you go. Stop it with us. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Remains. I'm sorry. Remains. It's my hand rematch. That's your beat is both. My other hand rematch. That's a phone ball. Right. I can't hear anything. We're in the stop. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. What? And move it. It's time. What? We're even beating the WB. Oh my god. Michael Jackson thing was a rating success. Hold on a second. Remains. Decable. What's a hellie doing with a harmonica. Don't blame. I'll jam that thing down your throat. Get that blue bird away from me. Oh, the c'mon, Remains. I'm allergic. I'm sorry. Sir, over 25 million people saw that. Don't bother. Listen. Yeah. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know. I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You sure have imagination for quite a while. I'm moving my hands up and down. I'm the puppet master. I swear it. You do it. Now, box is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like me. I'm going to do it. Pop it, master. Me. Idiot. Oh. Reve! Yes, you ever. What's the hell you're doing now? Listen to flow, though. It's nothing wrong with a floor remiss. What's this in my ear? That your penis votes my other ear remiss. That's the phone. That's the phone remiss. Get out. Go over to work. Get out. I think. Yes, sir. Kill on me. Kill on me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill on me. Sorry. Kill on me, softly. That many drivers and nuts don't turn your back. Just bother you to death. As drunk you suck. That's David's God of the time. Rip for his life. He did it. Hur once on. She thought she was just lying. She wears your clothes when you're gone. Watch his your sleep. You think his casual but her feelings are deep. That many drivers and nuts don't want to fight. All right. She can't sing. What's the girl to do? My sensei, all this is the stuff. She can barely tell who she will. Then you have no call for her. She said she was the best. She thought he meant her singing. But he waited never. She has open. So if you're looking through a playboy magazine, you'll see my older sister on the pages in between. I'm just feeling told. I'm really happy. I've been so much the same. It's the same old. It's the same old. I've just been told. It's the same old. It's the same old. It's the same old. It's the same old. It's okay. I understand. It pays a lot to show you care. Daddy says you've lost your mind. I think bubbles just went blind. You're making a key to it too. They all think you've ruined us. But I don't care what they all think. The toy you just ruined us. Your body looks just like my own. But I would need some silicone. Oh no. I can't deny it. Oh yeah. I think I better try. I'll talk to you. I'm telling you to make up a mold. I'm going to be a set of mold. I'm just gonna be a set of mold. I'm just gonna talk to you. I wanna be a set of mold. I wanna be a set of mold. I wanna be a set of mold. Oh no. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. I got you. My girl. It got you. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Shut up. I'm just gonna say some mouthful. Of the swissage in four days, parents. That pipes for girl renance, circumcised cute wood, men. And gage in a fake little dead. I'm a crazy homophole. But what? Not that I'm mine. It's but I'm way too old. I bet the size of a fear than death. It attrists with feet low. My man friend. Did it. I'll just make up with ginger as something. And then ask him to break my bun. Oh very noble again. So I would not feel the most old. No. And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union. Just bold and instructing away. Boy, baby, can we use that might type? Just sounds like a nine year old kid. Only a macho menly guy. You don't know this. That makes me lift my wig. If ginger was a lover of mine. I'd bury my bull this baby now. Inside is a blie-re-rend. It's the day. Rackham. No, I would not be a sport-hold. No. If I was not a clown, it would be a pain. That's why your ginger and more gay union would make me feel givier gay. Everybody follow my thousand rules. Yeah, ginger and more gay union. That would make my sorrow pony ass kiss me. If we had a ginger and more gay union. Then he wouldn't have to get me raped. Absolutely. Wow, take a look at their crop and tear. Did you see them? Yeah, somebody on our website, Towning off after last night's very exciting Victorian California. Thank you, Dennis. What? I'm thinking Dennis, we're sending a stand. Well, thanks, Dennis, and thanks, Eric, for the tremendous work he's doing. It's better all the terrible things you said about him. And it says the caption on the picture says, It's not a tool, but it's their growp and fur. And he's looking like he might be playing and doing a little a growp right there. Maybe just finish that or no. Do we want the penis picture as well? Figure-part. It's floating around. Arnold's penis is floating around the internet. Do we want to post that as well? This is the penis picture. Unless you have a look closely. No, no. I know, but there's another full on unobscured one. No, I think I think leaving this house. I'll leave it. Leaving just a little bit to the imagination is not bad. And that, of course, we got these sink free to enjoy. Wow. If you don't check out our website today, and your life ain't worth a Schmidt. I'll say that. What did you say? I said your life ain't worth a Schmidt. If you don't check out our website. Okay, I was a chortling. I said Schmidt. Okay. As in how much Schmidt, remember him? Hellerschmitt. There was a good, the Tromin guy. While drinking Bex beer and Heidi can today. Here's a couple of facts. It says, how about the movie with a douchebag he for Sutherland where they tie some chicks legs to two tractor trailers and Marper and two? But movies add. I don't recall that. It sounds like they might have it confused with the hitcher. No. No, no, no, this is a different one. It's a cheesy movie. The hitcher is seen the hitcher and actually never happened. Although there was some horrible, we never saw them though. We never saw him kill anybody and the hitcher did we? Well, that the Jennifer Jason Lee scene, which I already submitted. What? Because it reminded me he pulled her apart. In the hitcher? Yeah. Remember he hitched her to a trailer? Right. And and and and and the former part. I did. No, they stopped it. No, they didn't talking about. No, they didn't. You got to see it again. Are you sure? I'll be there. I'm just one of my favorite movies. I'm to obsess with the finger foods with the record. How are you? I'm just seeing as well. Yeah. Oh yeah. Boy, there was something really, really interesting going on. And in fact, even the acopes are there's something. Yeah. And he can time a time how a wife that offers chin and look at that look. They were looking at the live. Well, I would could we have a good time together and hear on the inside is what they were thinking. I can. He actually pulled her apart. Yes. I thought he stopped them. Well, I'm going to have to watch it again. Anyway, somebody else is my suggestion. I had to pull the French film irreversible. Yes. It was shown in a very limited release this year. And is the single most horrifying act of violence. But viewed in many many years of film watching. Yes. Paul and dear feel. Thank you Paul. As there's a scene in his film or a couple of characters get into a heat argument in a gay sex club. gay sex club. Absolutely. One of the men that uses a large fire extinguisher to beat the other man's head to a pulp. All right. Literally, blow by blow out of the force of the heavy canister. The man's head actually breaks apart. His teeth cave in. His face cracks open. His skull shatters. His brains leak out. Oh. All this happens in one unbroken shot. How the special effect was achieved is a mystery. It's the most raw, sickening act of screen violence I've ever seen. Paul is. Absolutely correct. It says if he gets a chance to see that it is available on DVD, consider yourself worn irreversible a French film. And what you see it, yes. As if that's not enough, it also contains the most horrific rapes he never seen on film. Excellent. So you can kind of let her tooper. Not there are her years. Others kind of lesbite away. Security Council was right. Oh my god. And that's why. Who are you kidding bitch? Get her ass off of their man. Get out of my face. You sell out. You cop out. You silly goose you. 1113 at 5. 60 WQM. If you're one of those people out there who's on diet, we've been talking about diets a lot today. And always on a show. It's a perpetual pastime for a lot of us. If you're on a low carburetor sugar free diet, there's a story you're absolutely going to love. Whether you're on the acorns or the South Beach diet or that bitch Suzy summers or sugarbusters, whichever one. Your likes to watch book is a story. You've got to include in your shopping plans because this story is entirely dedicated to you. They've got to worth 1000 low carb products, delicious stuff. Not that crap that they used to have years ago, but really good tasty stuff now. Help you stand your straight and narrow low carb sugar free diet. They've even got bagels and breads, cheesecakes, brownies, muffins, chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips, dips, soups, ketchup, carbolite ice cream, crunchy pretzels by carbsense, carbolite candy coated chocolate covered peanuts, Southern Delight chocolate chip cookies and much much more. Like I said, a worth 1000 low carb products free to snack and lunch on a keep you on it. Low carb by it, so you can really be successful this time. Don't forget to like to waste book or let's just sample any item in the store before you buy it. And they have acne products on sale all day every day even on Sukhys. And they're open seven days away from ten attendants as well. You'll find lights on the Northeast quarter of Glades in 441, right next to the prestigious and barely hanging on Boston Market, or column toll free at 1-877 low carb. On the web it's low carb.com. That's with the WLOWCARP low carb.com. Delight soy spoke at your official Atkins retail center. 5-bit local V6 is 5-6. There are years old yours. Oh, you ain't... It was a bitch. What the... Oh no. Great BMPF truck is here with one day for tonight. My sign is in the middle. She's not very sensual. But because she's got no genitals, she feels sensational. Because her mouth is electrical. Heaven fun with my girlfriend. There's always a cinch. We should run after the 30-path bus was where inch. She used to be fun for me until she bus day. My girlfriend is in play-o-ball. Yeah! She's a real dosage made of silicon. My girlfriend is in play-o-ball. Yeah! She's a real dosage made of tin. I've bought myself several. They all look identical. Her panties are edible. It's two pages for my ball. It was just the first base. So you know how about Belle. She got friction burns. And started to melt. She used to be fun for me until she ignited. My girlfriend isn't play-o-ball. I know how I'm playing. I've been dying, don't know. My girlfriend isn't play-o-ball. She's a player now. My girlfriend isn't play-o-ball. Oh, we're fine. Don't bow God, Dad, John. My friend. Has it over to me? Don't bow God, Dad, John. My friend. Has it over to me? Okay. Roller does other ones. Just like the other ones. It's a scene to feel about your friend. And I need another year. Yeah. Don't bow God, Dad, John. My friend. Has it over to me? Don't bow God, Dad, John. My friend. The man that holds down. Roller does another one. I don't know how I'm doing. Just like the other one. Just watch the scene about your friend. And I don't have another year. Oh, my friend. Oh, my friend. And I don't know how I'm doing. And I don't know God, Dad. John, my friend. Has it over to me? Don't bow God, Dad. Has it over to me? Don't know God, Dad. Oh, my friend. Oh, my friend. Oh. The American cheese cows will remind you that everything tastes better with cheese. I hate broccoli, except when my mom melts cheddar cheese on top. Then I even ask for seconds. Yes, there's nothing like cheese. I make things taste terrific. I top the shards with grated Parmesan. It tastes great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood. That's right. Nothing tops things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese. My husband likes me to, you know, do him. But I hate the taste. So I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese. It goes down easy. And that makes it easier to go down. Cheese makes everything taste better. So remember, don't forget the cheese. Oh, my God. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. Who's your dad? Who's your dad? I'm a man, my mom. I'm so proud of you. I just realized that you're so proud of me. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? Who's your dad? People are fat. I didn't even want to put my records. I've been out getting tied with them. And they can't take their food at their sleep. Everyone goes right there with me. Here comes the politicians, no hair and a will-be-guards. After the German nature, but can he kick his butt? He's going in! A song of honourcons is about to fall. to the face hold on to the nail hold the body to the post and now i think i got out hold it to the post and do it to have some downs hold on to your second nail hold on to the ground hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post hold it to the post We had a whole bunch of new ones on there, so the pros and take your choice, okay? I'll use the distinct backstarts out there. Don't forget tomorrow, Thursday October 9, noon to two. We got another fan hit with a vest in the emergency dice for Band-up Head Rescue. Sponsored by the real yellow pages from George's close personal friends in Belsauve at Power Sports 1090 West Enterprise Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale. The lovely Miguel will be there with our CDs and key chains, all of these things. Let me play. Per tickets, CNS, still don't really understand what that means. Per tickets to October Fest this weekend at the German American Club in Hollywood. And believe you mean you might have to get to that German American Club, real soon. If you know what's good for you. On your mortgage shop, or the following message could save you tens of thousands of dollars. Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically, but they're still interest rate available at the amazingly low rate of 1.95%. You heard right, just 1.95% from financial groups so column toll free, smoke them if you got them call 1-800-940 land. It's true the economy is changing so if you even think about repinancing your home, or if you want to move up to a really better real estate investment. This is something you ought to check out immediately if not sooner. If you have a 100,000 dollar loan, your payments are a mere 368 bucks a month. If you have a 200,000 dollar loan, you pay only 736 a month. It's unbeatable. So call financial group right now, get that low 1.95% interest rate. You thought was only a dream of fantasy. Interest rates are climbing, but you can still get on this, or hurry and call them 1-800-940-L-END. The renequal housing lender, credit restrictions apply right sub to change monthly 5.19-8BR. We're sports radio 5.6-1. You a m. Sports back radio WQL. Hey, did you see that new beer commercial with the women's volleyball team? Oh, God, yes, it was horrible. What about the one about the guy standing in the mountain stream? He's so dirty, no one is lopin'. Oh, but that's nothing. What about the one with all those silly stupid filthy horses? Those clots makers are something now. If they were stallions, that would be a little red. Some beer companies use stethily-clad women or fancy jingles. But here at Heineiman Beer, we know the only thing really important is how easy it goes down. Using our patent ejaculation process, Heineiman is through to perfection and spherical bats and then shot through a long tube. Heiling a beer that not only tastes great, but gives the best head. Or Heineiman phone? Oh, God, yes, and he is counting. Bottom subboys. Heineiman Beer. Leave the madly taste in your mouth. Once you try to Heineiman, you'll never touch another bush. Distribute by then, much again to help me fire our new one. Mike, millions, I suffer from irritable dalsampton. Oh, no more cheese for you! I use equal lats and it equalizes the system and release irritable dalsampton. No Karen, this is a new carpet to dictate your equal lats and... Sorry, my bad. Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Dicerone. All right, let's say you eaten. You're sick and... ...in tired of... ...in potatoes and that stole top shit. Do like me, honey. Eight days. Dicerone. Come on, it's almost as simple as you. Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot and you turn on the f***ing stove. You think you can manage that honey? Hey, put up b***ing things done. So, remember, Yankee Doodle came to town right on a pony. Stop the feather off his ass and call their dice our own eight. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Nothing says a breakfast like a bowl of cereal topped with fresh berries. And no berries are tastier than the ones picked by Sam Dingle. Since 1975, Sam Dingle has been there for the picking of every one of his berries. Always picked by hands, Dingle berries are fresh and juicy. Never too soft, never too hard. Cronin a warm, moist climate. Dingle berries are always naturally rich and never too year filled with unwanted b***ines. Each Dingle berry has its own unique flavor, but confident moms love them because they know where they came from. Mmm, great, Dingle berries, mom. Dingle berries. You could pick your own, but then they wouldn't be Dingle berries. Oh, you won't be feeling it one. Your time is cold. We think it's about time you'll die. The summer, ooh, we want to tour life. Get over life. Bear is not a place that you can hide. The summer, ooh, you make a sick such a prick. Time to take a dive away from your shea la. Please tell him that we open high. Dive, die, die, die, die, die. Whoo! If there's a die, you'll summer. Come on, little coach, huh? A will, yeah, huh? Shut this more head up your ass and die. You'll summer, hiding in a gun or stand. The tell the bad. Soon you will be running out of time. You'll summer, ooh, you make a sick such a prick. Time to take a bite away from your shea la. Please tell him that we don't say hi. Time, die, die, die, die, die. Whoo! If there's a die, you'll summer. If there's a die, you'll summer. Now, you'll summer, ooh, you make a sick such a prick. Stop breaking my calls. You'll never know that I'm a crumb. You're a crumb, you're a crumb. You're a crumb, you're a crumb. Stop breaking my calls. We draw when we talk. You're a crumb, you're a crumb. You're a crumb, you're a crumb. You're a crumb, you're a crumb. Go on, boys. Stop breakin' by me. Don't break it apart. Don't break it apart. Join the end of our rage to your gun today. Have yourself some dumb and pristine fun. Throw your friends away. We'll back you all, the way. And then they go right to our bath. You think you've all the benefit you're getting. Like we'll be sweeter when we pack your heater. Carry a license to be deadly. Come on and join today. If the on there again, my head's in the amendurous again, our rarer. Hey, for the means. Hey, for the chest. And all the same for the head. Hey, they're wearing a best. Jump in your skin. You can't afford it, but you can't even spend your nights. Go on, boys. Come on and join today. And you'll be proud to stay. You're a better than the end of our age. You son of a bitch. 21 till 25, 60. We got the mad dog at two of the humpers at four of the staff. Do an end of course, all the, uh, we jump on a bandwagon. Are we on the bandwagon? Yeah, we bet. The pre pre pre game at the 7 o'clock. Pre game at 745 to late 20, a Marlins on Dreck. And then a Marlins at the Cubs game 2 after that. Simulating unbelievable 11 in the victory last night with about 100 home runs. Marlins at the Cubs a 29. Eddie K. after the ball game and Mark Eisenberg solo while Joe. Costello's getting his tonsils tickled. 55 votes for American history. X curve stomping murder the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie. Scarface chainsaw scene 47. Alien or alien corruption 27. Psycho shower scene 25. Baseball, bad at end to buried alive. Casino 17. Great is the lost arc melting Nazis 14. Hopefully they'll come into Vogue. The Omen in pale priest 11. Exorcist father carries 11. And saving pride Ryan at Nazi 9k. 10. Everybody else in sickle digits. But you got about 100 to work on right now. Maybe not 100, but not 30 man. Or that. 20 till 2 at QAM. If you're underpaid, if you're working in a really crappy job, working your ass off, but you feel like your life is on a treadmill. Your legs are moving, but you're not going nowhere. Here's the answer. Call fast train. They can change your life. Full weather. Before the end of the year, they can have you in the new high paying career. So call 2 day. Be sure and Tom Todd directed to call. That's always good for a very very good land. Call 1. 86. Fast train. They can have you train in certified before years end. The demand for computer professionals is gigantic. It's humongous. It's big. So there's no smarter, no better time than right now. It gets you a new high paying career and extricate yourself from that rough. Fast train offers job placement assistance. Convenient to evening weekend schedules. And with six locations in Florida and for in South Florida, there's about to be a fast train nearby you. They offer financial assistance for people to qualify as well. So what you got to lose be set a really measly paycheck and a crappy job. Working for some puts. Call fast train today. Tole 3 at 1. 86. Fast train. That's 1. 86. Fast train. That's good for yourself. Call 1. 86. Fast train. That's good for yourself. Call 1. 86. Fast train. This is for 20. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 8. 6. 6. 8. 7. 7. 7. 6. 7. 6. 7. 7. 6. 6. 7. 7. 7. 9. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 6. 7. 6. 8. 7. 7. 7. 7. 6. 5. 7. 8. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. For the way that Napster played. Not a single separate page. Two damn free turns, swore was great. Down, barbeday. Please download again! Every turn from R.A.M. Mr. Wages new one, J.D. That would frighten what they command. Turn your face and gaze your tapes. That's the dance comes out, R.A.M. You'd at sucks we have to pray. Now is my day! Are you a nice and sweet girl? I'll tell you what. You may see a major out there when I'm an easy person. So, man, great quiet, lady, all were too careous to me. But never crash, no one made my wife ill. Ring, I want her fake, but ow, ow, the campaign trail. So I can stay and hope and chase college tail judging from what I've seen. But choices are obscene. Didn't see their wife in labor motor. How would they care? Can't get out like this slap a bomb, didn't I? Can't get out like this slap a bomb. Please get the wish to run, so I can have some fun. Wow! Me and Cha-Fuck-Wan, her and Washington, all hold the bat. T-Shirt, contested my yard and all that long. Oh, look, our ups at me. Hard, it'd be a dream come true. It'd be a major, two. If a flick willy, where to pull the switch, are you? Have a heart-huse like us, well, some begging and pleading put big mouth in, Bell, Bell, Bell, Bell, Bell, Bell. It's always the same old story. You and your pals can't agree on what to watch. I won't watch, stockar rakes. Oh, one or two. Well, now you can both be happy with the Nascar PGA channel. It's two great sports on one channel. Watch Jeff Gordon with his number 24 Chevrolet wide open. Low cast Jim Ferrick on the 18th home of the Buocovin. Nascar, the 18th channel. Never before had two acronyms combined. You might such diametrically oppose spectator sports. Here's Tiger Woods on the green at eight. And here's the two. You're in the mid-number eight. Look out, two groups of athletes, both shooting for the checkered flag stick. The adrenaline. The relaxation. The Nascar PGA channel. The Nascar PGA was a chipper. We have the biggest good one, Jim. Be there. She's a perfect match in you. Who likes to flash your pants in you. When she goes on through, she's hanging like the straw me on right. My ankle is ranted snap. And coach is ranted snap. Imagine what you can catch from an ankle first snap. Not a reappear. Scratches with a brush. And she's found a raw go. And they'll know much you'll never get drunk. And call her ranted snap. And coach is ranted snap. A swirl of the pool of crap. And call her ranted snap. Using plunge and moisture. Making out her voice there. Walking with a bill, though. Probably jammed inside of her butt. And called her ranted snap. And called her ranted snap. Go on to know what it can hatch. And call her snap. Rye and local. We are sports video 5.60. You and you. You and you. Yeah. Well my name is Gary Condon. And I am living my worst beer. I was a bank one of my interests. And I'm finishing my dinner. And just a beer. Oh, shunder they weren't surprised. And I was hoping shunder lumped in her instead of my body. Oh, go, go, go. Hump the chunder, hump hump the chunder. Hump the chunder, hump hump the chunder. Hump the chunder, hump hump the chunder. Hump the chunder, hump the chunder. Hump the chunder, hump hump the chunder. Hump the chunder, hump hump the chunder. Hump the chunder, hump the chunder. Yeah. And I'm blind about more. Can't believe a language I hear home, she reads. Every home of word is an opportunity. And use the beat and cable was a horror of words. But now the networks let their actors curse. There's no end in sight of this obscenity. All the dialogue and take profanity. Swearin' like a sailor on a pre-naked pass. Words are whole of words that ask. Every home of word is an opportunity. Before the drop the effemble that we're TV. Every home of word is an opportunity. Now drop one of the youths. If Jesus walked deep for today and wanted to lose weight. Like Jared. To look good for that special lady on a special day. To hypothetical. To lose a tune-exas. Would be quite a feat. Even for Jesus. So here's the question. What would Jesus eat? Swiss cheese. Because it's holy. Miracle whip. He'd have no other. Thomas's English muffins. Dough it. Virgin bloody Mary. Conner his mother. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Lucky charms. You got this supposed to sing because he cured the leper cans. Because he cured the goat. He didn't actually cure leper cans. What he did to cured leper cans. Not like not leper cans. Leper colonies. Oh, I'm leper colony. You're trey that just. I don't think so anymore. Leper food. Okay, here. Into full cake. That's better. Devil Pam. No way. Heart some palm. Tell us more. On ice cream. Make a fake a palm all the month. Yeah. Yeah. That's what he just wanted. I'm gonna take him. I owe. Oh man. And then because he went to buy his groceries. He'd redeem coupons. And all the stores employees. And he would cross-frame to get old friend and fit. And one thing that he would not eat. He would not eat. Shut your mouth. What about Jesus? I'm hoping that's the birth of rice. He even chees, burger, and paradise. Chicken all the king. Oh, the Allah. Hope yes chicken. What? Hope yes chicken. I think he means palm ice chicken. Hope. Oh, my. Oh, I do that again. I'm just red. He was a carpenter, but their diet would not do. Caron's car for just dieting, proved it isn't good for you. Oh. He would meet peace. Just a prove it was a real man. And since he was raised Jewish, he'd have to pass on the heavenly hand. That was Jesus' word. Oh, my. Yes, you should have known. But now we've got his color. The jealous winner threatened us here. This killer, the kind of person who believes that we got him wants And next one will be most of it. Here. But I guess he must be done. When you say the truth, you're still on the real and he's still real. I told you, he means all right. And orange means a fat that you say. What if I'm color blind? On the air, said, bad, it's bad. We're afraid of the truth. Maybe a much too much. Yes, you are. When a threat is bad. We're afraid of the truth. We need to get a clue. It's easy to tell us. Bye, bye, bye. The new weather show. I'm five city's rolling to a land by any former hero. Let's get wild.